It seems there are two things going on here. 1. Upset that people are now reacting negatively to this change as opposed to voicing criticism earlier 2. Being upset that criticism exists (2) is the sort of problem I can't help with except to say maybe grow a thicker skin or be a bit more aware of what it was you signed up for, but in regards to (1) - It's important to note that the people heavily invested in your project (enough to follow every new issue on Github and respond to them and have opinions) will be very different from your mainstream users. There is no shortage of people who heavily use a project and yet probably don't follow them in any way. So it's important to note that using that source of feedback likely subjects us to bias. Should I, in making a critical statement, be denied because someone else (or maybe several other someone elses) already have? It seems a bit odd that if I'm a critic that my ability to exercise my freedom there is constrained by whether other people have. They probably get a bonk on the head and checked for a concussion. Better then being hit by a delivery truck I suppose. There's a huge difference in quality between a $200 smartphone and a $6,000 high end DSLR camera. This is concerning. While TLS interception may be desirable by some, this is a dangerous precedent and I hope the de facto standard for all software will be to block and disallow this kind of behavior, and warn when it's been enabled ("This connection is not fully secure"). Agile is a very loaded word. One meaning of Agile is a very specific kind of process, the other meaning and perhaps closer to the original manifesto is what you're describing with the "non-agile" team. Certainly their job isn't to illegally deny him his right to representation or confiscate without returning his headphones? The CC conference is hardly some blackhat meetup. Likewise, Romania is by no means our enemy. So a guy, who has followed the law entirely, coming from a friendly country from a well known meeting, should be denied his basic legal rights and have his equipment confiscated... why exactly? What law did he break? How did TSA (or what you actually mean in this case, the CBP) "save us" from this gentleman? I've been on the opposite side of this. My own experience was that the person suffered from a mix of being a slow typer, and also didn't assemble ideas well before communicating them. For me at least, this was bad enough that I had to write as the person talked and rephrase their words back to them to make sure I had turned it into what they meant. A DM in a chat is precisely the place for those kind of convos (especially the "Well what about X, Y Z.. wait, nevermind, I figured it out" kind of comments which I'm especially guilty of). Just spend some time getting your thoughts distilled down before you start typing. If all websites fall into one of two categories: fast or slow, and you penalize one, it's the same as helping the other and vice versa. I mean, really, that's most of AMP: a restriction on a bunch of elements that may slow things down and a bit of special mark up so things can be further accelerated. If most websites actually did load quickly, then I don't think AMP would have a reason to exist. But if most websites can't manage to slim down their bloat, then one potential answer may be to take away some of their toys (and I'm not saying it's the right answer, just a large part of AMP). Imagine someone unable to read - they lose access to an important source of information. Lacking basic computer literacy is similar - they lose access to news, modern encyclopedias, research, political announcements, etc. Those resources are critical to being an educated citizen and being able to participate in the democratic process meaningfully. An educated driver may not be able to explain in technical detail how an engine works, but they can explain the basic rules of the road and understand that a car needs oil, gas and basic maintenance. They likely have a basic understanding of what a modern combustion engine is (it takes in oil and gas to produce rotational energy) and understand that emission standards exist and that they have to follow them to some extent (they can't dump oil in their backyard). Google Home is starting to get there, especially in the games where the total set of commands and responses is much lower. It definitely has room to grow, but it'll get there given time. VR was terrible in the 90s, now it's breathtaking. Computer science != learning to code There's a danger in mixing technical spec information (a phone number can contain non-numeric characters) and non-technical spec information (women...). Some falsehoods are provably correct/incorrect, statements about people don't fit into that mold. I switched over a large group of friends from using a gazillion hangouts to slack and it's mostly been an improvement. That being said, there's a lot less of us: around 30. I'm definitely disappointed to hear about this. The pricing model sucks for us as well since it means $60 a head to add someone to the friend group if we wanted to pay for slack. If we could pay a fixed price and get a slightly better message history and more integrations, I'd gladly pay it, but per-head is just ridiculous. We also use Discord for online gaming since it's easier to invite people outside the group. It's been absolutely fantastic, but we had issues with some people not having access at work. Yeah, it's "gaming" related. Which to be fair, is why we use it... They clearly indicate otherwise. Slack is certainly meant as a productivity tool, but they make several claims: + For all kinds of "Work" + For teams of all types and sizes + Bringing people together to make them productive Compare that to the messaging for say Hipchat: + "Team chat built for business" + Enterprise features + Loved by your IT team (Edit - Formatting) This reads like a general lament about the world at large declining. That doesn't terribly surprise me. More/larger products, more opportunity to miss bugs or not be agile enough to work on them. Emails seem to be going out. I got one a while ago. I suspect this was an initial response geared towards the general audience and a more specific technical response will be forthcoming. They do rob sites of the ability to load 14 fonts, 2Mb of javascript and a gazillion images before letting me read the two paragraphs I want. Just like they also rob you of forcing me to take a survey first, or hounding me for my email, or otherwise preventing me from doing the single thing I want to do (read your content). Your site should be sticky because you have good content, not because you've tricked me into clicking more links. In general, users do make their choice. Product designers counter by making it more difficult to leave or get content. I'm a firmly bitter user who has stopped frequenting a lot of websites because they don't load well or don't give me what I consider to be an acceptable value prop (I'll happily turn off my adblocker if your ads are well behaved, I won't take a survey to read a one paragraph article). But most users, and especially most non-technical users, aren't willing to take that same stance despite being very frustrated. It seems to vary between "well that's just how the internet is" to "I don't know any other sources". Having google prioritize non-terrible sources is a big boon to those non-technical users in my eyes, cemented firmly when I watch my mom or other older family members try to search the internet. 1. Lots of users care. Watch any senior citizen on a mediocre PC surf the internet for twenty minutes. 2. Google did and still does. Load times were still unacceptable across the board, usually not because they had to be but often times because the people running the websites don't care enough to. Same as for HTTPS. 3. AMP is a more drastic reaction. It appears to be working. That being said, I would like to see AMP become enacted only on sites that do actually take a long while to load. At the same time, AMP is still opt in. This isn't forced altruism, but you can play nicely or be lowered in rankings in response. -- edited for formatting It's funny because I'm the exact opposite. I have to have paper books for my pleasure reading, but most of my technical or higher brow books I keep digital since it's massively cheaper and easier to search/bookmark/leave notes/etc. :( -- clarification Technically all it means, if the error is as advertised, is that the uefi bootscript failed to match. Now, it could be as simple as that UEFI was customized by a vendor. Or it could be something less innocent. Well no, but as the title said, if you'd like to continue being an employee for Uber in the Seattle area, it sounds like you have to at least pretend to listen to outright propaganda. Imagine if before you were allowed to sit down at your desk to work in the morning you had to listen to pro-genocide propaganda. It's obviously not something you want to listen to, it's not related to your work, and it's an abuse of the basic system of business. These kind of tactics are shortsighted and will absolutely hurt uber. It doesn't appear to have it, which is a shame. That would of been a killer feature on a tablet this size for a lot of people. That's a wee bit troubling. There might be an argument for some kind of user experience, but, uh, that's not how it's actually phrased. Obviously client side encryption is an important part of using any kind of cloud storage, so disallowing it pretty much removes any potential use of Amazon drive for me. I have some photos I don't mind being stored unencrypted, but I have plenty I'd rather not allow any and every app to have access to. The install parameter you provide already requires yarn and the rather large ember-cli, in addition to requiring my app to be built on top of glimmer instead of with it. How can this possibly be considered remotely lightweight, especially compared to something like Mithril? I count at least 12 repos on your github that seem to be integral components including a dedicated CLI! Do those free meals meet everyone's requirements? My office gets pizza or tacos for us on a very frequent basis, which while a nice gesture doesn't fit in with my own diet at all (which often means if I'm at the office, I end up eating my carefully prepared meal while being stared at funny while everyone else chows down on junk food). Consider other dietary options like pork free, gluten free, vegan, IF, etc. Also just the plain factor of some employees just won't like a given kind of food (not everyone likes tacos, etc). Quite frankly, I can eat super cheaply and healthy at home, on my own weird food schedule. I don't need my office to feed me (though the gesture is a nice one). Even as a JS developer, I'm not sure JS would be my goto. I actually really like introducing people through pure Ruby (so, not rails) since the syntax is pleasing, it has OO concepts but can also be used functionally, and really cuts down on the "scaryness" of the language. Python isn't a bad choice but virtualenv, v2/v3 issues, etc do make it a bit scarier. Also there are a lot of bad tutorials out there that teach poor habits (not that JS is any better..) ANSI C isn't a bad one either but I think it's more difficult to grasp and is slower to get results which might dissuade some new developers. Extremely useful! I'm currently on DO (and I love them) but I've been eyeing vultr and this definitely pushed me to give them a go. Regular small meals have been frequently recommended for a variety of diet reasons and is in no way tied to diabetes or other health issues, and is often times better then a glut of food in a single meal. In addition, people prone to hypoglycemia can benefit from gentle gnoshing through the day. http://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/features/6_meals_a_day#1 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-53111/Why-eating-l... That's not a massive ton of protein. It's probably a bit more than the average person is likely to make use of but I'd rather an extra 20g of protein than an extra 20g+ of sugar. Mmm, beer and kebab. I'm the last person to defend Cloudflare. They do a fair bit of crappy things (treat TOR poorly amongst them). But, we do have freedom of speech in the US. And while that doesn't mean everyone has to give you a platform for that speech, it does mean a content provider needs to decide between being a judge or allowing everything. Sure, Neo-Nazis seem like an easy case - nobody likes Nazis. But, what about people calling for a boycott of Israel? Or what about critical political speech? Should Cloudflare (or anyone) be in the business of making judgements about those kinds of content and if they're allowed or not? :( So, if you go to Cloudflare's abuse form ( https://www.cloudflare.com/abuse/form ) they do state: > CloudFlare will notify the site owner and, where appropriate, the web hosting provider for the site in question. That being said, it's in body sized font, in a huge block of text, and if I wasn't looking for it, I wouldn't see it. So, it's "stated" but probably not very clear that abuse reports may be forwarded. As a webmaster/previous ISP, I expect (again, prior knowledge here) that abuse complaints will be forwarded. But, does the average person? Probably not. My $0.02 - Cloudflare states it, but they need to make it much more clear if they intend to keep the policy, or possibly revise the policy. However, bad UI seems a weak reason to vilify them. ---- Edit: Actually, they state it twice - including right before the submit button in larger font size. It's pretty hard to miss. Are you seeing a lot of benefit from daily meditation? Does having it be firmly scheduled help it become a regular habit? Despite the fact that I usually bring my coffee from home, or go to a local shop, the fact that a company offers free coffee/snacks/etc matters from a perspective. If a company is going to nickel and dime you, charge you $0.25 for a coffee or force you to provide your own... they probably are going to be cheap in other places as well. If they aren't willing to give you coffee or seltzer, they are hardly going to give you good hardware or software - which is something that does affect me. That being said, that only goes so far. I don't really care about free lunches, or if a company has some game console. I mostly just don't want to work for a company that is going to nickel and dime me because it means they're cheapskates. I've stopped interviewing with companies that do this. Take home interview "challenges" take up a lot of time and resources. Most of the ones I've gotten have been prototypes/MVP type deals. + You're asking me to spend almost a week of my time, for free + I have similar examples on my Github + I'm not usually allowed to share the solution Sorry, but if you can't look at my significant github profile and figure out if I can code or not, then we probably aren't a good match. I'm not going to work for free because you're bad at interviewing. To put this another way, flip the question. Would you give me your product for free for a week? (Probably not...) That being said, I think paying for the interview is probably acceptable. The fact that they were only getting 1k reqs/sec with Node gives me concern. It clearly shows something went wrong there very early on at a very fundamental level. By no means is Node the end-all be-all for performance by any measure, but you should definitely be getting much much higher throughput than 1k reqs/sec. Simply booting up a single core http server should net you around 4-5k requests per second. Spin up an instance per core and you should be _at least_ in the 10k realm. Pretty much. If Ads were without JS and videos (or, at least autoplaying videos) I really wouldn't care. Hell, if they were relevant ads to the website, I'd probably even click on them and buy things occasionally. But when a modal pops up or I get redirected, or your ad floats over your content and tries to follow my scrolling not only are you not going to sell to me, but I'm going to leave your website. Why should I be cursed with the weight of your type system when I chose a language without types? If I wanted a typed language, I would use a typed language . JS has a lot of benefits. Being able to use JS to make native-ish apps has it's place. Being able to use typed JS to make native-ish apps probably means you should be using a different language. But this isn't web development, this is a native-ish app. One certainly doesn't need to us JS to make a native-ish app. Then why use electron? Electron's entire purpose to let you use JS to build native-ish apps. If you want to use a typed system, then use a typed language that supports apps. As someone who occasionally has slow internet and doesn't want to wait 5+ minutes for CNN or such to load, it's pretty awesome. In terms of "a worse place", well, as a user, I disagree. I wish it wasn't necessary but it clearly is. Unless you just setup your own VPN? Or maybe trust external auditors? Or otherwise spend time actually looking into service providers before giving them your money? AMP is opt in. Full stop. You choose to participate in AMP. You can't choose to not be throttled by an ISP, or to bypass censorship. "I would use a browser with javascript disabled". See, this is the point where AMP provides actual benefit. Many sites don't function at all without JS. AMP gives me a site that actually works without the extra crap. 1. Correct, I mean opt-in from the publishers, who seem to be the exclusive people complaining 2. Yes. As a user who really enjoys amp and really hates that every single text-based news source takes over a minute to load on a 100Mb/s+ connection, I feel not bad at all. Not even the tiniest bit. Publishers entirely brought this upon themselves. Internet speeds are faster than they've ever been, and websites are the slowest they have ever been. This is fundamentally unacceptable. It would be better for users, and by extension, the web, if publishers stopped building horrendously bloated websites. Since they absolutely positively refuse to, AMP seems the appropriate answer - if there's demand to take away their toys, someone is going to feed into it eventually. My willingness to jump through hoops is proportionate to how much I want to work with you. If you pay me well and treat me well, I want to work with you. If you're trying to hire me for 50% of market, my tolerance is much lower. If you think frozen pizza is a replacement for freshly made pizza (regardless of what makes it), then you must not have any taste buds. A fresh pizza has qualities in the dough and especially in the meats that just don't carry over to a frozen pizza. One is a proper dinner, the other is a backup plan. Ask for a sabbatical. Take a month (or better yet, three). It will benefit both you and the company. Discuss options here, and whether or not it's paid (or paid partially). It's a hard ask and a really hard conversation to start, but it sounds like you need the time. Early retirement (significantly early that is) does not tend to do well for folks who take it. The loss of mental faculties once you have a reason to stop using them is astounding. The ones who are most successful tend to "retire" and then switch to low paid or unpaid volunteer work full time. Err, it's not clear that EU law applies to US companies online, nor should it. There are many things illegal in the EU that are quite allowable in the US including a lot of freedom of speech issues. One of the issues anytime we have legislation on the internet is how it applies. If XYZ company is based out of the US, markets itself to the US, but has a generally available website, does EU law apply to it at all? Even if an EU citizen uses it? Alternatively, can every country force their laws on websites based out of the EU? This is a fantastic example of how to not write a blog post. Putting aside the ridiculous self quotes, the author has missed the point and value prop of linting entirely and set up a perfectly silly straw man in it's place. Linting exists for two reasons: 1. To catch silly mistakes (unused variables) 2. To provide a standard style In most code bases, and I imagine this is probably true for Invision, code is read much more frequently then it's written. Someone reading my code shouldn't struggle because I prefer tabs or spaces, or because I happen to appreciate an odd spacing scheme. Code should be relatively consistent, expected and non-magical. Instead this blog post reads like a school kid mad that they have a dress code. There are valid concerns around linting: + linting rules can hurt good practices (what makes sense for one codebase may not make sense for all code bases) + they require regular review (is this pattern still the best one for the team?) + they may be overly designed (and require developers to spend more time fighting whitespace alignment then actually helping readability) Of course, all of the above are fixable problems. There's no sense in throwing linting out with a ruleset. For most developers linting provides a lot of value in the form of immediate feedback, even if the rulesets used can be flawed. I go back and forth on this idea. It sounds very convenient, but then I also think about the crap I keep in my own vehicle that I like having close at hand: a serious first aid kit, some food and water, a cheap picnic style blanket, flash light, multitool. Stuff that I'm probably not going to carry on me but that I want nearby in case there's an accident or someone gets hurt or if I get stuck somewhere for a few hours without warning. I don't know, and in media stories about it, it has required a significant amount of chasing to actually read it. I don't agree with it, and it overly politicizes a social kind of argument - but I think it's important to drag these things into the light and debate them with clear facts and sources, not to let them linger in the darkness. For all it's faults, it did have one good suggestion - that programming may be more attractive to a lot of folks if we make it more collaborative in nature. That's an area where some otherwise really talented engineers suffer, and if we expand the discipline I think it would be a meaningful improvement for all. That's a good idea. What's the locality? > There's no way you can argue that obesity is anything other than a conflict between the environment we evolved for, and the one we live in I'll bite. Obesity occurs because our food is too cheap. Especially in the US, our food is horrendously cheap for a ton of calories. I (by some mistake) bought a $4 taco the other day that was about 1000 calories (and quite good). We went from having people dying from hunger, to having too much food available for extremely low prices. I eat on about $50 a week and live like a damned king - fresh gourmet bread, chicken and steak twice a day, hand folded pasta, imported olive oil, etc. A few hundred years ago and you were doing well to have some soup and a piece of bread on a daily basis. Now I can get a decent bottle of wine for below $8. > By the same token, the only kind of negotiating power the modern worker has in finding a good salary is the power to quit, and so people quit often and early, which leads to them moving frequently away from the friends they've managed to find. I don't think that's it either. I think, just like food has gotten to be too cheap and too readily accessible for our primate brains, we've managed to fake having friends. I can send a facebook friend request and get it accepted by anyone, I can have a drink with coworkers after work, or talk over the water cooler about game of thrones - and none of those are meaningful friends. Again, it's too "cheap" to form faux relationships. There's a (probably entirely unsourced) quote that it takes about 18 months to know a person. How many people do you spend quality, non-work time with, at least one or twice a month, for at least two years? For most people that may not even include their spouse. Any tech stack will work. That being said, I'd optimize for something that has enough power for NLP, but still makes it easy to work with sometimes unreliable chat services. Javascript and Python are both common options, Go and Elixir would be newer more experimental choices. There is nothing about a chatbot like framework that precludes any given technology. It's a cheap way to play with clusters while still using pretty common hardware and operating system choices. In addition the pi is small, the hardware is pretty simple and available, and it has enough flexibility for any basic project. In terms of any performance benefit? No. Containers come with their own set of expectations, needs, requirements and problems. They can be a useful tool but I suspect the cluster of Pis is a much more accurate model for multi-computer modeling. It depends :tm:. There are still a lot of codebases that are callback heavy. For one, callbacks are faster than promises in a lot of node versions by a very large margin. In other code bases, legacy rules still apply. Promises don't work well for some more complicated logical flows (though they're pretty damn perfect for the common ones) and async is still pretty new. Just because it's not a problem you deal with doesn't mean that it doesn't still affect plenty of devs. Genuinely curious, how? Do you have some example code to post? `git push deploy` You can get quite far without any kind of "pipeline system" nor does building imply a pipeline. If you want strong direction, then open world is the wrong end of the spectrum. Give me a large world with lots of complexity and I'll entertain myself for hundreds of hours. Give me a directed plot and I'll probably stop caring in about 4 hours. It seems to me there are two very different views of story telling in games. One camp wants games to be strongly directed minimal choice stories with a very specific narrative and it's entirely ok to curtail player agency to tell that story. Another camp thinks the opposite: player agency always comes first and there is no set narrative but the one that players create for themselves. This comes with the potential that said narrative can be dumb. I don't think either camp is wrong, just different ways to tell a story. I really favor the later, and I really hate when my agency is abridged as a player because some writer wants to tell a story I don't care about. At the same time, I'm sure plenty of folks have the opposite viewpoint. This used to be an issue I struggled with. I found sprinting towards small, but functional deadlines was effective. This way even if I put down a project for a few months and then came back, it was in an ok place to pick back up again and sprint some more on. I also found that being able to complete one small task and then switch gears on the project kept me more entertained. Also working with a good coding partner can be helpful, but that takes it's own time to setup and organize. Skyrim is definitely a gem of a game. I wouldn't however call it "directed" or "central". I've had several playthroughs of it as just a hunter or a spelunker and totally ignored the main story of dragonborn/background war (which is a strength of the game, not a fault). I would consider Fallout 4 to be much more directed. You have to be the survivor, you have to save the patriots, you have to ultimately destroy one of the three powers. Sure you can ignore the plot for a bit, but you can't advance any storyline. You can't play PI or explore vaults unless you've advanced the story. The Netflix scoring system is personalized so it doesn't outright help or harm anyone but you. They moved away from stars because it's too relative of a scale. Is 3 stars worth watching? What about 5? If I liked a movie but it wasn't amazing, do I give a 3 or a 4? Is 3 bad or median? I've always chosen Atom over VSCode because I don't want these features. Autocomplete even on really expensive IDEs runs way to slow, clever auto formatting and it's ilk tend to not work well for me at all, and I dislike the overbearing project management features in most IDEs. I want a text editor that vaguely understands code with some simple file browsing and plug and play extensions. Atom trying to become VSCode isn't beneficial here at all. Text editors and IDEs are different ends of the spectrum. IDEs present a feature rich and often opinionated dev environment while text editors are, well, editors for text like content. Even with a fully unlocked enterprise license on it, autocomplete was lagging far behind me on a high end macbook pro. Maybe I just type too fast or the libraries I use are poorly laid out, but it was not working. I'd love a world where the brains are a wrist watch form factor, and phones/tablets/laptops are just better screens and keyboards (ie dumb interfaces) which connect to said watch. Let me scale up to the form factor I need, but keep my encrypted and personal hardware, data and connection on my person at all times in a waterproof form factor. Not as of 3.0 though I did enjoy 2.x quite a bit. Metal. http://www.metalsmith.io/ For sites which are closer to books, gitbook is an option as well. https://www.gitbook.com/ I wouldn't call it bullying. He isn't attacking the committer personally or due to anything outside the issue. He isn't hounding the committer. Bluntly telling someone they really screwed up and need to stop denying it isn't bullying. Someone being mean isn't bullying. Nope. This is a valid case to call someone out. Not just for Linus, but for anyone. Typescript isn't going to magically fix any issues, it'll just make your types a bit more obvious. Likewise, CoffeeScript, React, or any other tech isn't going to fix your issue. Javascript is powerful and flexible, and sometimes that's a flaw. It sounds like you need an architect who can look into modularization and setting some standards to in which teams are accountable. This isn't a perfect process, it usually takes a few iterations to see progress, and it requires a pitch to your business side of the house (usually along the lines of "Hey, we need more time to do maintenance work, but it'll drastically lower bugs seen by end users"). > Doesn't a person have a right to escape his miserable circumstances for a short time? Yes but not on my dime. I'm entirely happy to pay (directly or via taxes) to feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, get them medical care and clean clothes. But I really don't think buying them cigarettes and light beer is improving their situation in a meaningful way. Right, and if you disabled 50% of the language, you would also have a better codebase, but the trade off is going to be that any development is probably slower. Programming is about trade offs, and typescript offers you a fixed set of tradeoffs - much more project complexity for type checking ahead of time. That can be valuable in some instances - when one codebase has to be shared across a lot of team members that are unable to communicate well. But typically the better fix is to break down and modularize code so that we smaller, more easily managed pieces that can be handled by just a few hands. I prefer using `ed` to write pure ASCII C, obviously writing performance sensitive parts in pure x86 asm. /s This is good, with one major critique: > ECMAScript is an object-oriented programming language, having concept of an object as its core abstraction. This is technically correct but misses that Javascript is not OO in the way that many other languages are, but is instead prototypical in nature. That's an important distinction because creating long prototype chains in JS is a very bad and negative habit, where as the same behavior is absolutely fine in Java. Does your ISP have the ability to censor the internet for you? Do you watch Netflix? If you don't, that's ok, because most consumers do use it or a competing service. Internet Companies absolutely did try to charge Netflix extra, and in some cases throttled them. This was well documented. I don't know if you're a corporate shill or just genuinely lack the ability to comprehend how bad this is. Spectrum, Verizon and their ilk have absolutely shown zero regard for consumers and there is no reason to believe that pattern of behavior is going to change anytime soon. If they can screw over their consumers for a dollar, they will, just like they have continually done so in the past. I have a recommendation, and it's going to sound scary at first so please read all the way through. We should convince the firearms industry that Net Neutrality is in their interest. They benefit heavily from an internet presence, and recent actions on Youtube related to demonitizing firearms content have already affected the community. Firearms related content is absolutely an easy target for ISPs to block and censor. And if there's anything the firearms industry is good at in the US, it's fighting tooth and nail and using their reps to get things done. I realize it's an uncomfortable and unlikely alliance, but it could be a powerful one. Net Neutrality doesn't prevent QoS related management, but it does prevent per site throttling. My ISP doesn't have a right to throttle streaming video content because they want to sell me a $90 cable package. That is perhaps the single greatest amount of bullshit in one paragraph that I have ever read in my entire life. Before the gas chamber was the firing squad. Before that was the noose, the axe, and the guillotine. Humans have a long history of killing each other, and typically over time (with a few exceptions such as the electric chair) the methods have generally gotten more humane (if state sanctioned punishment resulting in death can ever be considered humane) and when those methods failed to be available, no human government has ever held off on using a more barbaric act of killing in it's place. Technology will either evolve without us, or less humane methods will continue to be used. Progress is both a promise and a threat. Right, you need to continue reading. Even if the Gas Chamber had never been designed, those people would of still been marched outside and shot by firing squad. Should we go back to the days of mandated government work programs? What is your actual recommendation here? At some point we have to accept that people should be able to make free choices, and will typically make sub-optimal choices. We can increase the burden on employers but then that means less overall jobs - which then leads to that starvation outcome you mention. So we should stop shopping at Amazon so their workforce is laid off? Or we should force Amazon to raise their prices which affects low income consumers the most? The HTML mode tag should put the browser into compatibility mode. This content should not be lost. This is being added to the browser, outside the realm of security updates, through what is supposed to be a UX improvement program, for commercial purposes. It's written by a commercial company that produces advertisement content. It's not clear this code is audited. Sorry, but I'm uninstalling firefox. They have broken the basic trust I have in them as a user to not push arbitrary code to my machine against my interests. I use some Jenkins and some Travis-CI( https://travis-ci.org/ ) with good luck. Travis seems capable of most things that Jenkins can do, while still being a pleasure to configure and work with. Also delicious in frozen margarita form! Re -Charitable interpretations I use a modified model of this called the 'Forgiving Copycat' model. Basically, I assume there is some chance people accidentally do rude/inconsiderate things. At the same time, someone who consistently does rude or inconsiderate things is probably rude or inconsiderate. To that end, I ignore rude behavior the first time, address it the second time, and return it the third. Even if the system doesn't do this directly, it's easy for a contractor with the data to do as much if the data is highly accurate. I hope that some mitigations are being put in place by limiting data accuracy to relatively wide windows (and the wideness of those windows will need to vary depending on how busy a thing is). Things that set off alarms: + Lots of unmodified forks or tutorials. A few is fine but too many is suspicious. + Tons of empty repos Things I like: + Lots of messing with different projects even unsuccessful work + Side projects, even incomplete ones + A mix of languages/designs/idioms Super awesome things: + OSS contributions + Working well with others + Good branching > No code reviews, security review, integration testing, quality assurance testing, compatibility testing, or validation. If this was a small startup, I can absolutely see those being hurdles. This is Microsoft on a product they've had for 20+ years that is a major part of their platform - those things should be mostly automated and well oiled machines. A mature enterprise level company has no excuses for "QA is hard!" or "We can't validate patches!" for a product they sell. I don't expect them to get this out in ten minutes, but they should be able to manage a patch in 24 - 72 hours for a fairly critical and relatively easily solved security bug. > IMO Javascript should not be allowed in ads at all. I agree fully. I think part of the issue is that the folks submitting ads want to collect a lot of data. They probably don't use that data (or if they do, not well), nor do I trust them to not collect very invasive and unsafe data, but I suspect for many folks that having their own JS payload makes or breaks a possible ad network. Given concerns about Monero mining, redirects, and other hijinks, removing JS from ads is even more critical now. I think the compromise will be to give ads some kind of network provided hook to get data back to "home" eventually, though then the issues above only shift from the ad provider to the ad network provider. That's kind of an odd assumption. I suppose for a coffee stand that only has a chair or two that might be true, but most cafes around me have a dozen or more seats and I've never sat down just to drink a coffee or have a snack. It seems if you don't want people to hang out, then don't have seating? I do it for high focus tasks. I like the noise level of cafe's and that interruptions are very rare. I can be extremely productive, and sometimes I'll do work at a cafe even if it isn't for my actual job. For instance I'll work on some fiction writing, or a coding project. At least around here most people seem to be on laptops. Whether they're playing a game or doing actual work I don't know since I try to not peep at other screens, but nobody has given me any stare-downs or anything rude. async/await worries me, not for abstract language reasons but because it hides complexity in a way not friendly for junior engineers. I imagine a lot of code that should be thought out and made parallel being forced into a synchronous flow. Note that promises aren't a ton better in this regard, and come with a ton of confusion themselves. In short, async is hard. Likely either coils start melting or RF burns. IPv4 and IPv6 are different underlying protocols that both carry services like HTTP. IPv4 is older, and uses what you likely think of as "standard" IP address (192.168.1.1). IPv6 uses longer hexadecimal addresses. IPv4 is due to run out of possible addresses and has been this way for a long time. However this has been consistently avoided by NATing, essentially hiding multiple devices behind a single router. IPv6 makes many more addresses available and solves this problem. However many data centers, online services, and even popular applications fail to correctly work nicely with IPv6 only users. Since the IPv4 exhaustion has been going on for a while, most developers don't consider it a concern when designing new services. I've pushed against tests like this before, especially "sample projects". My experience doing so falls into exactly two categories: + Companies that get very upset (one even had the CEO email me cursing me out after I said I wasn't going to remake a twitter API client considering I had a github full of API clients including one for twitter already!) + Companies that go "Oh, actually yeah, that seems to make sense. Can you highlight a few repos you'd prefer to show us, or do you mind doing some whiteboarding with us?" You never, ever, want to work for the first category. The first category of companies are the same people who usually expect you to work a lot of additional hours for free, have poor internal practices at least around work/life balance, and generally treat their engineers like code monkeys instead of people. So, I usually push back against these tests because it's very revealing to do. Even if you end up caving, it's important to test the companies response to a bit of polite push back. While I agree with your opinions here, those things are also somewhat personal. I place a lot of value on large housing, cheap car ownership and easy access to nice outdoor spaces. A lot of other folks place more value on not needing a car ever, lots of easy food delivery options, and access to any kind or show or performance you might ever want to see without having to travel. When I was first playing with this, I actually really expected you to be using an expensive performant solution like neo4j. When I read that you were using sqlite, I didn't believe it at first and thought it was a mistype from dev until I looked over the source. That's an impressive and well thought out performance enhancement, and that the app runs so blazingly fast on sqlite is very impressive. Reuse is important, but realistically, how much code is actually re-used? Sure, you have a lot of meaningful subcomponents or libraries that should be correctly isolated for re-use (and really, for testing purposes) but moving a state machine into the core of an application and away from segmented components and libraries hardly harms whatever reuse is likely to happen. I'm going to talk about a counter case that happened in real life, where a journalist was put on a "kill list" by the US Government. If you haven't read the entire [Drone Papers]( https://theintercept.com/drone-papers/ ) I highly recommend doing so. The government basically had a naive likelihood analysis program that attempted to group terrorists. If someone went to the same places as terrorists, in about the same schedule, then the system came to the conclusion they were a terrorist. In programming we use the duck metaphor - "if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's probably a duck." What occurred was that a journalist who was interviewing these terrorists ended up on the kill list. In theory the human element was supposed to filter out such things - and I'm sure that's what the developers of the system intentioned. It's also clear the human operators were simply rubber stamping everything the system produced, and allowed a kill order on a journalist to go out. And if you're discussing evaluating types, then our duck solution is just fine. If you're discussing firing hellfire missiles at unarmed people, then we probably need to take a step back. Predictive algorithms and network analysis are naive - they're fine for recognizing pictures of dogs and cats, or pinging a friend when you upload a photo with their face. They're not sufficient to apply to policing or resourcing, especially since algorithms display the exact same bias as their input data. System designers, including myself, often expect human elements to act as reliably as algorithmic components. The truth is that humans are lazy, biased and easily prone to pavlovian conditioning (The system showed me a dialog, when I click OK the thing I want to happen happens.) The other truth is that frequently these systems, even if they are honest - they show likelihood percents, their flaws have been explained to their operators, they were made with the best available data - are too complicated for most people to grasp. Most folks can't schedule a meeting across five calendars without assistance or get email marketing correct. Do we really expect them to grasp the nuances of a statistical network analysis model and correctly interpret the results on a repeated basis? The solution is that we need to stop pretending an algorithm is a replacement for human decision making in these life or death cases. There are defenses against this, but they're not reasonably in grasp for most people. If I start having a police officer interrogate me about something outside of a traffic stop: 1. I know enough to stop answering questions 2. I have a lawyer I can call and ask to get involved Both 1 and 2 are, however, not choices for the vast majority of people. Your point here is correct. A very common tactic is for police to make a wrong claim - which is legal - such as "If you don't cooperate with me, I'm going to arrest you and charge you with X". The police are absolutely allowed to lie to you, including about the law. Likewise, they will use your reluctance to cause a fracas against you to extract easy answers. They may even, as you say above, move to detain you and bring you in. Again, actually having a lawyer here is what's important, and again, usually not something most people can afford. 1. Gun violence has been net decreasing (actually, all violence has been) 2. Immigration has slowed down, and immigrants have generally seen better outcomes not withstanding the current abuses by ICE 3. Race issues are worse this year than they have been, but exceptions occur. We as a country are at least in the beginning stages of a conversation about it, which has not and may not occur in other countries. 4. The National Debt is increasing, but budget deficits fell drastically under Obama. National debt does not necessarily grow at the same rate as GDP. You've bought into a lot of propaganda unfortunately. I really recommend you pull a Descartes and re-evaluate from ground zero. Not to say China isn't a rising power, but Democracy is not dead. I worked in DC while living in the suburbs of Maryland. The DC metro is far from perfect, but it's really not a terrible option. The bus system is also decent. Obviously a strong remote program is even better, but very unlikely for government work. Just start making the AI take forever on their turns until you give up. If I choke on food, that's sort of on me. If I die from a drunk driver rear-ending me at 6pm in the evening, well, that's not quite my fault now is it? The problem is that humans are de facto terrible at driving. Cellphones and other distractions, bad decision making, emotional clouding, etc. I've literally seen someone have to slam on their brakes and pull in the shoulder to avoid a rear end collision because they were tailgating and speeding... and then repeat the exact same mistake in less than five minutes. People are garbage at driving and when a mistake can cost not only your own life, but the lives of others, you don't have some intrinsic right to endanger me because you can't follow a posted speed limit or maintain a safe distance. I also notice that folks who think they're the best at driving are some of the worst. "I'm a good driver! I can talk on my cellphone and drive at the same time!" There's a difference between food good for survival and food that is good for you. You can buy modern high calorie food bars that will last ten years and contain 3000 cals in a tiny package, but they're mostly carbs. Again, great for survival but not something to live off of while on a fun trip in the backcountry. I usually pack precooked meats (frozen if needed), dried meats, firm biscuits or crackers, and some nuts and fruit. Granola and oats are good too of course. If you have conveyance (a canoe or kayak, an atv, etc) then you can afford to bring much less dense (and usually better tasting) food. There's a theater chain in my area that is always crowded and does really well: Alamo Drafthouse. Their pitch? Pretty much comes down to good service including food and cocktails, at low prices, and a no-noise policy. You buy a ticket ahead of time picking your exact seats. Tickets are about $11. The pre-show instead of being ads are usually short videos or clips from earlier movies. Food is around $12-16 an entree, alcoholic beverages are between $6 and $20 with most cocktails around $12. Oh, and if they see your phone or if you're talking during the movie, you get kicked out with the option to be banned. It's an amazing movie experience, and I regularly go at least once a month. Their food is genuinely good restaurant quality and their drinks are creative, often times with special cocktails or entrees to go along with big releases. It's obviously not an every day thing, but it's cheap enough to be a once a week kind of thing. We need more information about why you didn't like programming. Assuming that you need a job now as opposed to in four years, your best bet is likely something along the lines of technical sales or something else where you can use your work history to your benefit. This seems a trivial crime to commit. Use an unmonitored public computer to download your illegal imagery to a USB drive, write a little autorun script to copy it half-randomly around and change some names, and boom - done. Sure there's some chance of the employee being caught, but more than likely they won't be. Plus, why would your work colleagues report you (once, for $500) when they can make their own $500 repeatedly? Remember, and this is the important part - criminals are not typically longterm thinkers. They don't think about retirement, medical expenses, or even next week. They're simply interested in obtaining the thing they want today and believe, reasonably or not, that they can get away with it. I use pairing when introducing a peer to a new concept, a new library, or helping them get complicated stuff working. I think pairing works best when it has a very intentional purpose - "Together, we're going to get this service up and running locally so you can develop against it" kind of thing. I'll chime in as well. + Weightlifting at the gym. Met a lot of really nice people who I wouldn't normally talk to. Can be hard to make friends this way if you just go during the lunch rush, but try and go early on the weekends. + Martial arts. You tend to become good friends with people when you spar with them weekly. + Hiking. In the US, see if you have a local Sierra Club. The ultimate introvert activity. Baofengs are terrible but they're cheap and extremely accessible. Also they provide enough room for experimentation with antennas and basic theory. Not all equipment has to be the best equipment. Sometimes "OK" is enough. This article is quite incorrect. Some of these points were valid many versions ago (try/catch did have a cost with it several V8 majors ago, but that has since been resolved). And, again, for the last time, Node.js is not actually single threaded and may whatever deity help you if you choose to start additional threads without understanding how libuv works. This isn't java, the answer isn't to throw more threads at it. Honestly, it's this kind of stuff that really hinders javascript. So many people write "expert" articles that show fundamental misunderstandings about the core of JS (including setTimeout vs setImmediate!) Would it make sense to have retailers that cater to these heavy returners? Charge them a subscription and give them a monthly box they can return items in, allow partial refunds with a well described contract, and generally work with their use cases? "Steve needs your help in farmville!" Because I have lot more choice with my browser than I do with my ISP, and my browser isn't going to charge me a monthly service fee to disable it. It took me a few times of reading carefully to understand their intent. The wording itself is absolutely atrocious and far reaching in comparison. Honestly, just leave out the default config and have a ToS on the hosted server instance itself. Or just ask for a few donations to pay for direct costs and disable relaying. Because libuv (which Node uses for multi-tasking) depends on threads being yielded in order for multiple things to happen without blocking. This is way easier to think about and harder to screw up then traditional thread management with mutexes. If your api is not asynchronous, then any expensive call is going to lock the entire application which is bad and also why I won't be using this library despite the actual underlying implementation being much faster. This is both terrifying and normal. The bike lanes in my area are frequently used as turn lanes... by vehicles that don't fit in them - despite being clearly marked as bike lanes. Human drivers are terrible. Some DBMS' do require a limit... eventually. I think 256 is a reasonable bound, since that allows very generous pass phrases. And actually, the NIST password recommendations are very reasonable, at least currently. I realize now that the article I had read was for Oregon, and apparently this is very different depending on the state. What's more concerning is that my state (Texas) seems to have a lot of vagueness around the laws. Well, that's confusing to say the least. My wife had to deal with one of those, and it was abstractly written to the point of us paying a lawyer to read over it. The lawyer had her fill out quite an additional bit of disclosure about it and did not like that clause. At the time my wife really wanted the position, but I doubt she would bother going forward with such a contract. "Hi, would it be possible to remove clause X?" usually works for me. I've occasionally had to use the slightly stronger, "I'm sorry, but I actually can't sign this until clause X is removed." Don't go into reasons, or get into a philosophical debate about it. The only time I've given an explanation was for a volunteer gig where I refused to sign an NDA at all, and had to explain to the coordinator "We can either be employee and employer where you pay me a lot more money then you have, or we can be two buddies working on a thing for free. We can't be two buddies where one guy has a contract against everyone else." This is not a new idea. At no point previously in history has this worked out well. Companies like Facebook (and they aren't alone in this) love the idea of employees living around the company both literally and figuratively - spend 12 hours a day at the office and in return we'll give you free food and a gym and games. This is not a great future. Improve transportation and remote working opportunities so not everybody is trying to live in the same city. A company whose main business model is giving things out for free, to gather your data, which they then make billions of dollars selling to other businesses? And you think they're suddenly taking on the very complex and muddied problem of real estate because they have passionate feelings about the housing crises? I'm extremely skeptical of any stats around firearm counts, and ownership stats. Firearms aren't registered, which means the only data we have are the amount of background checks for buying them from a dealer (which goes through a department at the FBI called NICS). The issue is: + Those background checks are used for lots of things other than firearm purchases + Firearms can be transferred legally in some cases without background checks + Plenty of firearms existed before the background check system and are still owned and functioning + Many firearms are purchased, left to rust or otherwise break, and never repaired. + Firearms are occasionally turned in to the police or surrendered (usually when a family member passes and their relatives don't know what to do with the firearms). The other source of information is directly asking people, but that runs into a bunch of problems too, mostly that people will lie. I also don't think there's any kind of remotely common pattern that lets us correct this bad data from self reporting. Liberal gun owners are likely to lie about owning a firearm since they don't want their family to know, and conservative firearm owners are less likely to trust the person they're reporting to. Many firearm owners are taught to never ever talk about being a firearm owner to avoid being a target for burglary. My point is, we simply don't know at all. Any gross figure is extremely suspect. I'm in the same boat as you. I use a unique email alias for every single sign-up, so I know who sells my email address or sends me marketing cruft accidentally. I'm very aggressive in reporting bad actors to their mail provider if they don't honor or don't have unsubscribe links. But I think I'm the exception, not the rule, in this case. The vast, vast majority of spam that I get is from otherwise perfectly reasonable companies who don't understand the law. To that end, my steps are: 1. Try their unsubscribe, give them a few days for it to "take effect" (which is nonsense, but, so it goes) 2. Send a polite, but direct email to `postmaster@`, and usually cc `webmaster@` - it usually goes to somebody. 3. If none of the above works, pull the full email headers and `dig` around some to find their MX provider, and file a claim with `abuse@` on the provider. That being said, again usually it's an ignorance problem. I have a friend who helps run a company that does escape rooms, and I had only provided my email on a release form. However a few months later, I started getting marketing spam from them to that email - oops. A lot of small companies don't understand the regs around marketing emails and treat them the same as all other emails. > continuing to build a world where they are more and more necessary My grandmother can still, to this day, recount living in an apartment with no furniture except a mattress, with my grandfather who was employed as an engineer in New York. It took, by her estimate, about two years to have enough furniture before she was willing to invite over any sorts of company. Today you can furnish an apartment reasonably with about a months worth of wages. I know this because I helped take a friend who makes a bit over minimum wage to IKEA to get all their furniture for an apartment they moved into. The myth of decline is that - a myth. The economy is better then it has been in decades, violence is at an all time low, and jobs are widely available in many areas of the country. I have friends who complain about the economy "being destroyed", who max out credit cards to buy brand new cars and buy expensive home theaters. I have one friend who despite making six figures a year, took a predatory payday loan because she had spent her wages on expensive unused tools. That's not to blame "millennials" anymore than to blame any other generation. Bad financial choices have existed since the dawn of human history, but in many cases today they are choices, not pre-supposed economic outcomes. We can help correct that by teaching good finance skills (budgeting, doing things yourself instead of hiring people, focusing on cheaper hobbies, etc). Yes, and the consumer has the right to do whatever they want with the hardware and OSS components of Android. They don't have any right to use the Play Store or other Google specific components. You can sideload your own. FWIW, Google is allowing power-users a work around where you register the device to your own account, and then you can use their products. It seems as if they're targeting bootleggers who may be selling tampered products to non-savvy consumers, which isn't unreasonable imo. Android is an operating system that is open source. The Google Play Store is a proprietary software package that is released on some devices which use a proprietary licensed version of Android. Using the open source operating system known as Android does not entitle you magically to Google's other proprietary software. Google only gives the Play Store to some certified hardware handsets, that meet requirements they arbitrarily decide on. There was an issue with vendors, who were using open source Android (legally), sideloading the proprietary Google play store without permission (illegal) and then selling that to Consumers. Again, you can sideload your own different store that isn't Google Play. Your account isn't being banned or restricted - you can sign in on Google Play on a valid device that's allowed to have it - but this is Google's only recourse against manufacturers sideloading the Play store when they aren't allowed to. My grandmother couldn't afford a chair. Most people today have reasonably furnished apartments, smartphones, some kind of vaguely functional computer with (low speed) internet access, and probably a car. Food went from being very expensive (people actually died of starvation not that long ago!) to being so cheap that obesity is a major epidemic among the poor. Since 1940, the percent of the US with a high school degree went from What is your argument that the economy is in decline? That you don't magically get a two story house with a yard, a new car, and the ability to support a family of four? That has never once been the case in US history. It's a great myth in the past that the 1950s were somehow a magical time when everyone had a house and the income for a family, but it's that - a myth. > but everything else is more expensive Yes and no. One thing to keep in mind is inflation, so we always need to compare prices to average incomes. A house is listed as being However, things have genuinely gotten more expensive in some cases usually due not to the economy, but due to safety. That's a good thing - we no longer have asbestos and lead paint, cars are safer, and working fire alarms are a thing. However, those things do cost money. You can no longer buy an all metal box that goes 80mph without seatbelts or airbags. I find the car claim to be somewhat of a red herring. Yes, you need a car now whereas before a bicycle might of sufficed. However, a decent car can be had for two thousand dollars - not a pretty one, but a functional one. You might be able to go cheaper if you have any mechanical ability, but we'll assume the average person doesn't have that. In addition now of course you need drivers insurance, and you probably need to take a drivers ed course before getting your license. Those things do add cost, but they also save lives. Flashing your own rom onto a device invalidates the certification it has. You can restore it to default settings, or use the user bypass for it (which if you're flashing your own rom is trivial.) My grandfather retired at 67 due to failing health. He was primarily supported by his military pension, and to a smaller extent by a pension from working at a major grocery store. My grandmother only worked odd jobs, but collects a small amount of social security. She's still doing quite well and spends most of her time reading library books and painting (though notice both of those are extremely cheap hobbies). I'm a distinctly unfair comparison, since I could retire as early as 55 to 60 (I doubt I will, I do terribly when left without something to do, but who knows.) That being said, I recognize my situation is very unlike most of my peers. My cohort falls into three categories: + Those with high income and good financial management. Like me they are capable of retiring without any government assistance at 60ish in most situations. + Those with high income, but no financial management skills. Even now with no family to support and no "required" debts, they struggle to remain afloat. Simply throwing more money into the fire doesn't help it turns out. + Those with low income. Universally, and not for lack of intelligence, they have no 401k, no major longterm savings. If they retire it will be through programs such as Social Security (assuming it still exists). This is the group that worries me the most, because I don't have any answer for how to improve their situation. They're simply caught in the spiral of not having enough money to make progress on saving. Please don't take my argument as "Everything is perfect now!". Mostly my argument is, "Things aren't majorly worse and are generally better." Nor am I making the claim that the future will forever be better - Social Security might collapse, pension programs dry up, etc. We shouldn't stop assisting the poor, teaching financial literacy, or behaving intelligently. Simply that the average condition of people is better than it was. So anything which doesn't fit your prescribed narrative is bad journalism? That seems like you have a disagreement with external realities. I heard they make pills for that now. You don't get a free pass on hosting deceptive ads because your platform is automated. Just like you don't get a free pass on any other crime by automating it. Further, when it's clear your staff is very aware of the illegal practice and is encouraging it by taking meetings with the people committing the crime, that removes any defense that the behavior is incidental to legal behavior. But yes, clearly this is all just a character assassination planned by the lizard people. Definitely the only reason at play here. Car is likely to hit object. Car hits brakes. Not to say on a closed course you might not disable it, but fundamentally new self driving tech on open roads? Redundancy is an important part of reducing risk. 1. Find a real life non-work thing you care about. For instance, Dungeons & Dragons. Or alternatively, PTSD. It can be silly or serious, just has to be something you care about. 2. Find a way to apply programming to help. Make an open database of data from the game, or volunteer to make websites to connect those struggling with PTSD with support animals. 3. Start small and work up, but always build to finish. One of my greatest projects by stars is a tiny JSON file of the open spells from a game. Avoid being mired down in building "the perfect solution", because any solution is an improvement over no solution. "Perfect is the enemy of good." So is it OK for Russia to push Brexit? What about pushing for Ukraine to give up land to Russia? Obviously not. Foreign countries are always going to act in their own interest. They are not interested in the stability or longterm prosperity of other nations, usually quite the opposite. Those affected by foreign policy have other ways of exerting influence (tariffs, their own policies, immigration policies, etc) they don't get to alter my day to day life. Freedom of the press and Freedom of speech in the US is a critical and fundamental right - China doesn't get to throw money at shutting those down because they're inconvenient to Chinese policy. It's not authorized or unauthorized. We have laws that say somebody pushing political ads has to have their name associated with it so the target of that ad can decide the trustworthyness. Somebody who is conservative might distrust information paid for by the DNC and vice versa. When foreign actors are allowed to subvert that rule and are aided by an American company selling access to Americans, that's a problem. No other country would ever allow such a thing - can you imagine if the US started taking out political ads on Baidu against the current Chinese administration? > fluoride water So... tap water? Most countries add flouride to their tap water because it improves dental health. Unless you're a redneck screaming about alien mind control, that isn't some crazy scary chemical compound. > soy sauce with sodium beonzoate *Sodium Benzoate Again, perfectly boring salt that reduces pH. Not some scary mind control substance, just a salt you can produce at home. > sodium nitrate-laden Every preserved meat in the world. Also found naturally in Chile. > pesticide- and preservative-laden bread Pretty much been the case since humans found out about vinegar. I wouldn't call > yellow #5 You realize that was a myth that it would reduce your sperm count right? There is a segment of the population that has a sensitivity to it, but it's pretty small. > heats up frozen soup in a plastic bag Again, most plastics are rated for this. Also helps cut down on glass shards in your food, or badly sanitized cookware giving you the runs. I'm sorry, but your points here aren't some ultimate "gotcha", they're just anti-scientific scaremongering. I'd tell you to stock up on tinfoil for those hats, but I heard that causes alzheimer's. Producing movies that clearly list where and by whom they are made is not propaganda. That's just a movie. Most countries produce movies and sell them abroad. > How do you know which plastics This is regulated by the FDA. See [1] for a link to their hub which goes into far more detail. Obviously a restaurant can violate the regulation, just as they can slip glass shards into your food or not wear gloves. > Just because it's common or "natural" doesn't mean it's not bad for you You're correct in this regard at large, see Sharks, Lions and Bears. However nitrates (especially sodium nitrate, not to be confused with potassium nitrate) have been used for a very very very long time in human history for preserving meat. The guardian article is extremely disappointing in that it makes no reference to published material and seems to make several bad claims, including to the reference of salting meat as an "alternative". That being said like all chemicals too much of it will cause adverse side effects, and there are people with genuine reasons (migraines) who want to watch their consumption of it. > This sort of snark is really not welcome on HN I'm mostly surprised to see blatantly conspiracy theorist level "there's fluoride in the water man!" kind of nonsense here. It's one thing to discuss your favorite nitrate-free red wine or have a preference on bacon, it's another to suggest that flouridated tap water is a negative. There was recently a town near me, in Texas, that voted to de-flouridate their water supply. This kind of non-logical fear is backed by comments like this that suggest anything with a vaguely scientific name is bad for you or should be avoided. We have already seen this happen with vaccines and already kids have died from measles - MEASLES. A disease that should never pop up again in the industrialized world. We shouldn't be wasting resources to convince educated adults in a first world country to get their vaccines, we should be helping to bring life saving basic medicine to everyone. So yes, that was snarky and sharp. However I don't think it's okay to spew blatantly alarmist non-scientific nonsense and pretend it's "just an opinion". (And sorry for the rather long rant.) [1] - https://www.fda.gov/Food/IngredientsPackagingLabeling/Packag... Processed meat itself is basically a carcinogen according to the WHO: > Furthermore, processed meats can also contain other carcinogenic compounds such as PAHs which can be formed during smoking of meat (e.g. salami). Processed meats, particularly those containing red meat also contain heme iron, which can enhance the formation of carcinogenic compounds (NOCs) in the body. I'm not opposed to specific, verifiable claims - "Non-foodsafe plastics are likely to leech into food especially when heated", etc. I'm entirely opposed to vague claims - "plastics are in your food and killing you!" If you have a specific claim, then by all means make it. Don't make the claim "but nitrate laden meats!" because that is meaningless. Shame on that source for splitting up those two graphs and giving them different axes. Furthermore it doesn't give us the actual incidence rate of cavities between the two groups numerically, or account for differences in dental care. But yes, unsurprisingly, dental care has improved since 1975. I would be horrified if that were not the case. Let's follow that link at the bottom of the story, the one that lists "Letters in response". > On behalf of the American Dental Association and its 159,000 member dentists, I am writing to express sincere concern over the article entitled, “Is fluoridated water safe,” by Nicole Davis that appears in Harvard Public Health, Spring 2016. The article overlooks critical facts about community water fluoridation that must be shared with your esteemed readers and the public at large. https://cdn1.sph.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/201... > I am writing to express concern that Harvard Public Health would publish an article titled “Is Fluoridated Drinking Water Safe?” in the Spring 2016 issue and to share the reasons why the American Academy of Pediatrics stands behind the safety and effectiveness of community water fluoridation https://cdn1.sph.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/201... I'm going to stop there, despite there being MANY more letters. Flouride in water is safe. That doesn't mean we can't still research it, ask specific questions and continue being informed, but if you are petitioning to remove flouride from water currently, you are acting irrationally and with no scientific basis whatsoever. I strongly suspect they are aiming to sell sometime soon. The new rules, the new redesign, the attempt to facebook-ify the site. I've used Sails, and man, it was painful. When they say "Rails-like" they mean they somehow managed to adopt the worst patterns from early versions of Rails and none of the cleverness of later versions. If bloat was a contest, Sails would be a winner. Mailchimp actually states that list buying is a no go on their platform. They also have a very nice unsubscribe system that they honor - even if the downstream customer doesn't want to. I'm sorry you've had issues with them. I hope you got a bad rep and they haven't become evil. When I used to do business with them I genuinely felt they wanted to do the right thing. United States here. I've worked at two companies that had this kind of unlimited policy. The first one not only did I end up taking less vacation then I would of, I actually had my manager get mad at me for using more than two weeks of leave. I no longer work at said place for a myriad of reasons. The current one is pretty good. I definitely need to be proactive about it, but I've never been denied or guilted. Last year I used a bit over 3 weeks (so about normal for my field), but this year I'm planning to use a bit more because I have a few different places I'd like to visit. It definitely took me some mental effort to get past my natural tendency to avoid taking off. So human drivers are terrible at driving for any long period of time, especially on relatively consistent "boring" highways. Guess what computers excel at? Driving consistently on consistent highways. The Tesla Autopilot is supposed to be the always aware and paying attention portion on these cases where a human driver would be very likely to start texting or dozing off. Now, it's not fully autonomous and may well decide it can't handle a situation (or apparently try to drive you into a barrier to see if you're still awake...). In this case the human driver who is somewhat zoned out needs to take control instantly and correct the situation, until they can safely re-engage autopilot (or pull over and make sure they're still alive, etc). Biometrics are terrible, especially if they ever become compromised. You can change a pin code or a password much more easily than you can change your eyeball or fingerprint. Or you just build your permissions and opt-in platform as a base for the social app. We wouldn't let a self driving startup ignore traffic laws because it's "too hard". Likewise we shouldn't let a social startup ignore privacy laws and auditing. Usually you'd save the users opt in time, and tie it back to their user account. You would need to make sure the opt in clearly explains what it's for. You would also save the context of the opt in - was it during account registration, when they visited a blog post, etc. Obviously make sure to otherwise comply with the GDPR as you do this. Going to reprint here for those that are shy about visiting the facebook.com domain: Effective Date: May 25, 2018. To view the current Custom Audience Terms, click here Custom Audiences Terms Facebook’s custom audiences feature enables you to create an audience using your data such as email addresses and phone numbers. When using Facebook’s custom audiences feature, your data is locally hashed on your system before you upload and pass such data to Facebook to be used to create your custom audience (the “Hashed Data”). Without limiting any agreement between you and Facebook, by clicking “I accept,” passing to Facebook the Hashed Data, or using custom audiences or advertising, you agree to the following: You represent and warrant, without limiting anything in these terms, that you have all necessary rights and permissions and a lawful basis to disclose and use the Hashed Data in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry guidelines. If you are using a Facebook identifier to create a custom audience, you must have obtained the identifier directly from the data subject in compliance with these terms. If you are providing Hashed Data on behalf of an advertiser, you must upload the Hashed Data directly into the advertiser’s advertising accounts. You agree to use only that advertiser’s own data to create custom audiences and not to augment or supplement the data with other data except as expressly authorized by Facebook. You represent and warrant that you have the authority as agent to the advertiser to disclose and use such data on their behalf and will bind the advertiser to these terms. You represent and warrant that the Hashed Data does not relate to data about any individual who has exercised an option that you have, directly or indirectly, committed to honoring or provided to opt out of having that data disclosed and used by you or on your behalf for targeted advertising. To the extent an individual exercises such an opt-out after you have used data relating to that individual to create a custom audience, you will remove that data subject from the custom audience. You instruct Facebook to use the Hashed Data for the matching process. Facebook will not share the Hashed Data with third parties or other advertisers and will delete the Hashed Data promptly after the match process is complete. Facebook will maintain the confidentiality and security of the Hashed Data and the collection of Facebook User IDs that comprise the custom audience(s) created from your Hashed Data (“your custom audience(s)”), including by maintaining technical and physical safeguards that are designed to (a) protect the security and integrity of data while it is within Facebook's systems and (b) guard against the accidental or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of data within Facebook's systems. Facebook will not give access to or information about the custom audience(s) to third parties or other advertisers, use your custom audience(s) to append to the information we have about our users or build interest-based profiles, or use your custom audience(s) except to provide services to you, unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. Facebook may modify, suspend or terminate access to, or discontinue the availability of, the custom audiences feature at any time. You may discontinue your use of the custom audiences feature at any time. You may delete your custom audience(s) from the Facebook system at any time through your account tools. You may not use the custom audiences feature unless you are an advertiser (or an agency acting on behalf of an advertiser), Ads API or Custom Audiences API partner, a data partner uploading an advertiser’s audience on behalf of that advertiser, or have obtained express, written permission from Facebook. You may not sell or transfer custom audiences, or authorize any third party to sell or transfer custom audiences. A note to EU and Swiss data controllers: To the extent the Hashed Data contains personal data relating to an individual who resides in the European Union or Switzerland, the parties acknowledge and agree that for purposes of creating the custom audiences, as described above, that you are the data controller in respect of such personal data, and you have instructed Facebook Ireland Limited to process such personal data on your behalf as your data processor pursuant to these terms and Facebook’s Data Processing Terms, which are incorporated herein by reference. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Facebook, Inc. may act as a sub-processor for and on behalf of Facebook Ireland Limited for the purpose of fulfilling Facebook Ireland Limited’s obligations under these Custom Audiences Terms. “Personal data,” “data controller,” and “data processor” in this paragraph have the meanings set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679). These Custom Audiences Terms and, to the extent applicable, the Data Processing Terms, govern the provision by you of Hashed Data to us and your use of the custom audiences feature, and your use of custom audiences for advertising. They do not replace any terms applicable to your purchase of advertising inventory from Facebook (including but not limited to the Facebook Advertising Guidelines at https://www.facebook.com/ad_guidelines.php), and such terms will continue to apply to your ad campaigns targeted to your custom audience. The custom audiences feature is part of “Facebook” under Facebook’s Terms of Service (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms, the “Terms”), and your use of the custom audiences feature (including your use of data) is deemed part of your use of, and actions on, “Facebook.” In the event of any express conflict between these Custom Audiences Terms and the Terms, these Custom Audiences Terms will govern solely with respect to your use of the custom audiences feature and solely to the extent of the conflict. Facebook reserves the right to monitor or audit your compliance with these terms and to update these terms from time to time. Last Modified April 4, 2018 I'm never sure the best way to format this stuff on HN. Most other sites allow you to "quote" content using the > character, but HN doesn't seem to have support for that at all. We had a restaurant near us that ran as a co-op. The food was good, the service was OK (it was very self-serve, which was fine, but it was communicated poorly...), but they repeatedly could not stay afloat or manage a budget over a long time period. That's obviously just an anecdotal example, but I don't know of any co-ops aside from REI that seem to really stick around and do well longterm. Twitter is probably a better indicator if there are AWS problems than their dashboard unfortunately... Have you ever tried to ship 100 books? Last time I tried to ship 2 cookbooks across the US it was nearly $30 for just shipping. I would much rather ship a laptop and a power solution. Not to mention the storage and care of 100 books in less-than-ideal housing where moisture and rodents are very real problems. Plus the actual volume of 100 some books. Compared to a laptop, that can sit in your bag, and also serve as a light source. It doesn't need to be a good laptop, it just has to be a laptop. There were still french farmers using text only BBS like terminals a decade ago, quite happily. But, you're going from maybe 10k * X requests a day, to several million. Any system is vulnerable in that kind of very aggressive scaling situation - see every single game launch with a multiplayer component since the dawn of time. Obviously you can scale systems ahead of time if you know, but you still run into issues because you probably haven't scaled the entire system and don't know the likely bottlenecks since it's hard to generate that kind of traffic in a QA environment. Think of the scale of facebook, and then realize most of their payloads are If you want to escape infantilisation, you need to in many ways escape consumerism and go back to the days of just whipping up your own beard oils. I'm going to have to dredge it back up, but I was just reading a rather alarming tale from a medical assistant. She had a child come into her practice, saw obvious signs of abuse, and filed a supposedly anonymous report - as she's legally mandated to do. The abuser of the child, a parent, apparently harassed the agency that received and forwarded the report until they gave up that "a medical practitioner had filed the report", which narrowed it down to a single practice. At which point then the abuser was able to call the practice, get a record of who had seen the child, and even get their work schedule. Even tiny leaks are a major problem in these cases. A minimum wage of $7/hr in the Bay Area or NYC is useless. That won't cover transportation. $14/hr is still, basically, the same amount of more or less useless. In, to quote Ken White, "pluck-my-banjo" Texas, that's a perfectly fine and livable sum. A dollar or two raise and you can probably start saving up for a house realistically. $14/hr is kingly. Amazon warehouses are usually not in banjo-playing rural areas, but rather as close to major towns as is economically feasible for Amazon's rent bill. This is neither a basic income nor a federal minimum wage problem. This is a lack of competing opportunities for minimally skilled workers problem. If these same workers had realistic job opportunities that paid well, then Amazon would have to raise wages (and pass some of that onto the consumers, but, that's relatively nothing). I'm a high paid software engineer. I also had amazing computer teachers and remember writing BASIC programs to play MIDI in elementary. I also have the advantage of living in the city, being a white male, and being young and social. Being a software engineer requires a particular mindset, a lot of time and exposure, and people willing to support that. I was lucky enough to have all of the above, but most folks do not. I'm in the midst of helping a friend who is currently a welder move into software engineering. He's extremely intelligent and has the brain for it, but it's also taken literal years, finding him a capable dev machine (a used macbook air, donated from another engineer), tutoring him (me and another engineer, going on for two years now), and now he's going to a bootcamp (which cost thousands of dollars he didn't have in his pocket). He is still going to have to find an actual job and make the move from bootcamp to real life. That's another involved process that will require multiple people helping him. And again, this is a young white male who has a very high aptitude for this. It's a bit more work than "just invest in yourself!". The average computer user has difficulty searching their own email or resetting a password. Even those with natural aptitude require help - and not a trivial amount either. That's about $30k a year. That's comfortable in areas within an hour or two of my town. I made that amount when I was in college, in the DC area, and most certainly survived just fine. Had I lived more rural in an area where entry level homes are And the banjo-playing is mostly a joke, especially in Texas. That being said, as an avid hiker, I spend a significant chunk of my time in places best labeled as "Nowhere, really". I understand that's a problem, but if I have an entire github of highly starred and heavily developed projects with reasonable commit histories... don't make me do your do damned homework or implement a toy BST. I have better things to do with my personal time than toy problems because you can't be bothered to open my github. The worst part is that usually these toy problems are justified with "but you can post this to your Github for others to see!" And that is entirely fine. I'm all for group white boarding exercises, or pair programming. I think there's a lot of value to be had in making sure the other person can communicate in a technical setting effectively, and explain why they make choices. Likewise, if someone wants me to walk them through a project I have with explanations of what choices I made and why, I'm happy to do that. But please don't waste my time asking me to implement DFS, or write another twitter API client. I think having written short sighted things and then regretting them is a somewhat universal thing. I also don't have a problem with either side using previous writings, as long as they are reproduced accurately and faithfully. In short, before you publish a blog post that is sexist/racist/homophobic/whatever, consider that even if you delete it, others may have a copy and will use it against you. I'm not an older programmer, I'm in fact a pretty young programmer, but I want the same things: + A company that gives me a good work/life balance + Regular WFH or preferably be fully remote + Interesting tasks, in a relatively stable environment Most of my peers seem to want the same thing as well. While I've done the crazy workweek startup thing before, it burns you out and it's simply not sustainable. I don't have a single peer who still works in startup land. "I just feel it's ok to have variables named after single letters." I've actually had this argument with someone who was attempting to force the use of a framework because "I just feel it's easier." As a good faith speaker, I agree with you. A native speaker should be self aware enough to not confuse an unsupported opinion with a "feeling", nor should we dismiss feelings. However, frequently, feelings are used as a poor substitute for rationality. Therefore I reject the argument that feelings can't be debated or argued. Same lunch box as someone else. In an office of 7 people, I had the same lunch box as two coworkers. Have someone else make your lunch or bring a generic enough item and it could happen. Honest mixups happen and when they are followed up with an apology then it's fine. Let common sense prevail. Pandoc ultimately either has to move the html through another markup format such as laTeX or uses a plugin that attempts to convert html4 to pdf code. This uses a full browser rendering engine that supports modern html5/css3/js by ultimately running a headless browser. I suspect pandoc is still a great approach for a lot of cases. Running a headless browser isn't cheap, especially at scale. If your output is a simple book or an invoice, pandoc is probably the way to go. If you want to pdf websites or dump an html file with charts into a pdf, use this. > because lazy web developers did not implement it right No, because the legislators fundamentally misunderstood cookies. Almost any website needs to have some basic tracking of users for fraud detection, bot detection, and yes, basic analytics. Instead of writing out a thoughtful approach, we get a mandatory nag screen right up there with "This product is known to cause cancer in the state of California" on anything sold ever. Users ignore them because the information isn't useful - infinite noise, no signal. This is the opposite of the CAN SPAM law which did have thoughtful requirements - allowing exceptions for account related emails, requiring one-click unsubscribe but also giving systems a period to obey that to handle mail already in transit. GDPR has so far been grossly in the cookie nag screen category, except instead of a tiny bar on visiting a page I get a multi-select based dialog of doom. The answer most companies are going to take is simply not market services to folks in the EU, and those that do will implement annoying nag screens. More rules blindly applied rarely solves problems. Except every single website just has a banner anyways because it's easier to cover your back then get legal involved every time you tweak something. So it has no meaning at all, in any way, except it's very confusing to some users. The average computer user has difficulty searching their email or scheduling a meeting. You expect them to complete a nag screen about how their personal information is going to be used, with sliders for opt-in versus opt-out, every time they visit a new website? Like the cookie nag, users are going to blindly click through until the confusing nag screen goes away and then be upset that it wasted their time. It's great for watching movies on an airplane. None of the games have done anything for me, but the movies are cool. The goal of many modern martial arts is to bring the discipline and training to a civilian population. These are fighting techniques that were made more kind, then taught to the population as a mix of exercise, discipline and training. Not all martial arts follow this, but many do. The goal isn't to teach you how to win a street fight (take krav maga if you want to learn that), but to keep you active and help instill discipline through a fighting art. A good test is this - if there are competitions, it's probably a civilian-ized fighting form. If you used serious fighting moves on someone in a competition, it would be unsafe and you would hurt your partner. > But many "self-defence" situations in the real world rely much more on your approach and behavior. Correct. Self defense should more or less follow this pattern: 1. Situation Awareness (being aware of danger) 2. Avoid (leaving before trouble occurs) 3. De-escalate (using words) 4. Evade (run) 5. Force This is a pretty par-for-course academic paper written on the philosophy of Aesthetics. The writer is using themselves as a subject via introspection, which is perfectly allowed, and attempting to highlight the aesthetic comparison between three of their favorite hobbies. This isn't supposed to be a hard sciences paper. Aesthetics can, validly, be introspected on a personal level. If reading the paper makes you feel insecure, then you should probably engage in some self-introspection as well. > that the entire paper was incredibly pretentious Is it pretentious in it's writing style or it's topic? Writing style wise it's a perfectly par-for-the-course humanities paper. It's not a blog entry, nor a letter to a friend. It's a formal academic humanities paper. Topic wise, it's discussing aesthetics. There are plenty of places for criticizing the authors aesthetic arguments (in a formal manner), but in terms of writing about the topics and their relation to aesthetics the author does a perfectly fine job touching on the usual points. So I'm confused as to how the paper could be pretentious. He isn't making the claim that the only way to achieve aesthetic pleasure is to partake in his particular hobbies, or to argue for some idealized version of these hobbies. He's not glorifying programming, jazz or martial arts as being anything other than rule based frameworks with room for exceptions and growth. He isn't making strong exclusionary arguments in regards to other languages. Nor does he make any claim that he is special, or that his introspection is special or unique. So if reading a perfectly standard academic humanities paper leads you to think it's incredibly pretentious, then that says something of the beholder. > when the hell do you expect to be making your friends over 30, during your 8-hours asleep? You neglect the other 8 hours in a day, and you aren't alone in that. I have a ton of coworkers who do their 8, go home and watch tv and have a beer, then go to bed. Meanwhile I'm going on short hikes, taking classes or hitting the gym, or going to shows and meeting new people. With kids, the equation is obviously different (at least the eight hours of sleep portion) but you can take the little one to the park, to play dates with other kids, and occasionally non-kid focused events (the last beer fest I went to seemed to have several kids running about). At the end of the day you have to prioritize how to spend your time and use it fully. It is harder then just watching tv and having a beer, but much more rewarding. Take classes, volunteer, be social. Your time is limited, always use it well. This model already exists with those damned "click here to continue reading buttons". Just charge me a few pennies when I click that button and we're good. Give me a little browser based wallet that I can re-up with my "news" budget on a regular basis and I'm a happy paying customer. Charge me $30/month to read your site at all (bloomberg) and you're never making a cent off of me again. UI is everything. My purchase of The amount of money I spend with Amazon's one-swipe checkout is obnoxious. Ask me to give you my full address twice and manually enter a credit card, even if you have an item I really want? Nope, probably not doing it. In general, stamina (social, mental and physical) is like a muscle. The more you train it, the better shape it gets in and the more work it can do before it's exhausted. Start with something small like reading a book in a coffee shop after work, or meeting a friend for dinner and a beer. Slowly do more over time. Just like you wouldn't go to a gym and deadlift 300lbs cold, you're not going to get off work and run a social club in your free time - but if you put in the consistent work, you can absolutely get there. To continue using the gym metaphor - there's often times an initial hurdle, but once you're actually socializing and out there, you have a good time and you feel good afterwards. Once upon a time, builds used to be very expensive and take forever. Entire development teams shared a single single-pipe build server, and builds could not even be built locally first. We're (mostly) past those times now, but "breaking the build" is still in the mind of many devs as a negative behavior. Kubernetes does suffer from complexity right now, but that also gives it it's flexibility. I think turnkey kubernetes solutions like Rancher will dominate for a lot of use cases, especially for individual devs and small teams that can't have a dedicated DevOps resource to manage kubernetes.