> Just the fact "grind Leet Code" is a recommendation to someone who's most recent job title was CTO and has written two books may be a sign these interviews are broken. Well, I'm sorry you have to go through the same ropes that we peasants do, you highness. > I'm just curious what you're expecting to have changed since the last time a post like this was made (you did say "every time I see..." so you've certainly seen many). Hire me inflated ego without any tests, of course. God forbids I have to do anything to get a job that will put me in a bracket of earning more than 99.99% people in this world. And you have a source to something? Or just a usual Wundowz 8 bed? There are plenty of companies with low hiring bar. What an amazing architecture. Shows just how ugly and deplorable modern architecture is. > DS/A don't actually translate to a real-world bar. It's more parallel to "have you been to and passed college?" which is probably not what you want. Any study that can confirm that? [flagged] > Are they just trying to virtue signal and act woke? Yes. > Yes, is signalling your virtues and acting .. "aware of what is going on, or well-informed, especially in racial and other social justice issues"... bad? If it harms others, then yes. Just yesterday I read about lawsuit where white male was fired to hire two females. Which is a direct consequence of diversity virtue signaling. I worked for both, you're wrong. The difference between fintech and traditional banks is that former treats tech as revenue driver and latter as cost center and it feels in literally every step. Crypto is not financial innovation. > There are entire classes of financial instruments in use today that could not exist in the tradfi ecosystem. Such as? > Cities often don't have one specific point in the center (America's zoning is absolutely horrendous and forces this to happen) and so businesses, restaurants, shopping, activities, and so on are fairly equally spread across towns. That is absolutely not true. There's a reason why it is called center in the first place. Amsterdam, for example is completely flooded by tourists in the center and not so much outside of it. > In Japan, supply and demand meet, and a new 3 bedroom house in Tokyo is like 400K USD [edited for current data] - right around the cost of construction. Uh uh, apartment, not a house. There's a huge difference. > No principle says everyone should be able to live in San Francisco. This. I don't understand why people think that it's their fundamental right to live somewhere where they want. What does this has to do with my message? If there's a place - sure, join. But it's not your fundamental right to move everyone because you want to be there. > are much more willing to accept apartments. That's the problem. Apartment is inhumane by default. No privacy, no private space. They shouldn't accept them. Own as in own a garage, I wouldn't want to live there though. I don't want to hear my neighbors music, kids, party, someone having sex. I don't want to participate in group meetings. I don't want to deal with flooded ceiling or looking at another apartments when I look out of the window. I don't want to hear that me and my wife are walking to loud when we've just arrived from work. That's just off the top of my head. > I've found this technique to be extremely successful. That's just survivorship bias waiting to explode. Also, they're successful by some arbitrary metric that is applicable only to your company. The is heavily biased to people who did X. Why are you so upset that somebody considers themselves smarter than you? Serious question. > Because the most common say to day issue is needing to think of an algorithm on the spot... Are you trolling? Everything that you do as an engineer is coming up with an algorithm. Algorithm is how you solve a problem, how you think about constraints and requirements. There's glue code, but nobody wants to work with people only capable of doing glue code. When was the last time somebody asked you to implement some text book algorithm? All the FAANG interviews I had were about some leetcode problem where you had to be familiar and use some algorithm, not write it from scratch. > Is upset Nobody is going to write such a rant if they're not upset. >> Typical FANG employee... Hates whiteboard interviews until they get into FANG, then thinks that anyone outside of FANG is actually delusional about their skills and must whiteboard to prove themselves worthy of handling the incredibly challenging world which is FANG- engineering. > Interpreted the parent comment as being smarter than OP >> More likely that you've drank the kool aid that you are somehow special and smarter for working at a FANG... ??? > Another way of looking at low-code is to take an even bigger step back, and look at the history of programming from the start. Python is low-code relative to C++; C and FORTRAN are low-code relative to assembler; assembler is low-code relative to machine language and toggling switches to insert binary instructions directly into the computer’s memory. That is the most stupid thing I've read in a while. There no such people. Only idiots being obtuse and moving their agenda using bogus comparison. OK. There's nothing platform-specific about C# and Kotlin. That doesn't make it no-code or low-code. It's just a high level programming language that's more efficient at solving one problem than another. > I think I have trained my brain so much on rapid skimming of websites for useful info No, your brain just tricked you. It trained you into thinking that you're doing rapid research of useful info, while it just looks for path of least resistence. > Clean code... To this day I cringe when I see methods/functions over 20 lines long.. Or when I see commented code blocks in one function.. To this day I cringe when I see dogmatic opinions of a fraud taken like an absolute truth. > that insist to haze potential hires with live-coding & whiteboarding tests even though folks have 10+ years of experience. Don't see any problem here. I've met my share of "10+" years of "experience". Except Electron is 8 years old, and Compose desktop has started active development half a year ago. Yep. Let's return back to times when only rich and wealthy were able to afford meat. > that is, imperative style Yikes. Just switch to Java already. > who both understands those advanced concepts and is not a FP fanatic. Oxymoron. Apparently "best tool for the job" means find he bottom of the barrel that can still engage somehow with the codebase. This Idiocracy went to the point where returning function pointers gets questioned during code review because "this might be too complex compared to imperative call". > Kotlin is an unmaintainable soup of features Are you sure you're not confusing Kotlin with Scala? > For example, Kotlin has null safety and it lets you write code using errors-as-values style "either" types - but it has two completely separate syntaxes for these things, and so it's impossible to interoperate or reuse code between those two approaches And that is a problem how? Stick to one style. > In practice Kotlin codebases still use magical incomprehensible reflection (Spring Boot) https://github.com/spring-projects-experimental/spring-fu/tr... > and magical compile-time manipulation (Kapt) There's nothing magical about it. We do code submission instead of LC. Believe me, most candidate are complete, utter shit. And that's without even hiring them. I'd rather filter out good candidate than let bad in. It's a domino effect. You let one bad, he will hire more in the future. It's the other way around, from my experience. People who can write a program without any setup can solve it even on paper, while people that are hardwired to specific setup or IDE quickly froze when you ask them for something. > Sounds perfectly reasonable to me. Sounds like a mental gymnastics to me. Definitely much more subjective than algorithm interview. This is subjective. > I think that staying employed as a software developer for 10+ years is a good indication of skill, far better than any random coding assignment. As someone who has been doing interviews for as long as 2 years, wrong . I've seen at least 15 candidates that had 5-15 years of experience and we're complete shit. As in no redeemable qualities in terms of tech assignment. How is skin color, ethical or gender are related to their point? > Should we throw all the female applications in the trash because they're statistically not as likely to be developers? What do you mean? > If they are bad how do they get into a position that lets them make hiring decisions? We have flat hierarchy. Just volunteer to interview because your voice is on the same level as others. Anything else aside from whataboutisms? > It'd be like saying only the farmer who can do everything by hand without any tools increasing their productivity is a real one. Or an accountant refusing to use Excel/calcuators/ERPs and writing everything on paper. You're trying to map manual work onto engineering. And absolutely I'd rather work with accountnant who can write me on paper without Excel/calculator/ERP his logic. It's like you're being obtuse just for the sake of the argument. Someone who can clearly express themselves without specific medium, be it paper, IDE or whatever is strictly superior to someone who is tied to one specific medium. > When one of the mediums actively helps and avoids small human errors How does it actively helps and avoids small human errors in reasoning. > I'd prefer the person knowing using it instead of sticking an old and imperfect method out of pride. What does even pride have to do with this? > Sounds like many competent candidates are dodging a bullet by not being hired by you How so? > turnover rate on your team like? 2 years since I joined, hired one dev recently, no one left so far. ? > I could absolutely see people complaining about multiple choice questions and how you're more likely to get tripped up by minor mistakes. You're comparing apples to oranges. I could also play MMORPGs and Dota 2 for 10 hours straight without any break, I can barely sit one hour solving LC/learning something. And before you account this to age, even now I could spend whole day playing some addictive game like a robot. > There's a reason that some people compete at the highest level and some are in the fat part of the bell curve. It's the same as with any activity. Time * dedication * (1 + natural talent) > This comment shows a remarkable disregard for the level of skill required to compete at the highest level. I've done both, I'm not disregarding amount of skill and dedication it takes. But it is completely different from programming. Competetive gaming is akin to real sports, more about situation, luck and reaction rather than natural wits. All games are following patterns which you can learn just by spending time in game which adheres to limited set of rules defined by game logic. > In my mind, it's at least as difficult as "easy" leetcode problems. I have 3k hours in Dota 2. I know exactly what it is and how it works. It's really not. Not even close. > Would you watch anime and shoot your gun with 'muscle memory' while fighting 5 ruthless, intelligent opponents? Easy. At some point some actions are so engraved that you respond without even thinking. Example: blinking out on a slight enemy sight. > A fight requires constant reevaluation of the situation and planning to win the game. If you play by "muscle memory" and win, you are playing against weak unthinking opponents or getting carried by your team. > If you played against good players, trust me you won't win thinking about anime and chilling. And it's very stressful because you're constantly on guard. You can use all those big words, but reality is completely different. I've watched amateur/pro Dota 2 since it's inception in 2011 and some pro Dota 1 before that. It is a team game, it is more about team cooperation and heroes you pick. Sure small things can overturn the game, but most of the time it is about bigger game than small actions. You're an outlier, there's a reason why anybody can play games designed to hook at many people as possible and not everybody can program. > e.g after recalling/killing enemies/dying you have like 30sec to look around map and think what you as team want to do / achieve and how to do that 30 seconds is infinite in games like that. Tyler is just "high level" heroin addict so to say. There are indeed thousands of heroin addicts, just look at online of Dota 2. > Adults without kids. What an ignorant thing to say. Apparently having no kids==nothing to do except for consume full day long content. They're creating content though. Yep, what an atrocious system where you can earn millions of dollars by being entertaining and playing games. And anybody should care why? > An IDE can help with typos, best practices ( global variables, lack of error checking, etc) which are tedious things that take time. Which applies to everyone? Take IDE out of equation and what do you have? They didn't say anything about the feature? > Strength is mostly immaterial once I (as a hypothetical monkey) understand that I can use my agility to rip your eyeballs from their sockets, which then effectively removes your ability to pose a threat to me. Strength is material once you understand that this hypothetical human can use some kind of weapon or just something long and blunt to bash your brains out. Has little to do with strength. Haftor can't really do this, but I'm pretty sure he can rip one of those monkeys in half if he catches it. How is that a functioning justice system? Those are tiger cubs. I'm pretty sure even juvenile tigers would rip it to shreds if they wanted to. "Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth." (c) Iron Mike I don't think entry-level means what you think it means. But hey, grandma gets to live another year now. Who cares if the poor family never recovers after financial crisis. > Why would people feel happy about living under this oppressive system? Because you read too much media. Just because it began to dismantle it doesn't mean it was completely gone. Stories about KGB are popular for a reason, you know. Yep! Anyone can pull themselves by their bootstraps. And you make me sick with your ignorant, shortsighted vision of the problem. Reducing economic crisis to "just to earn some money right now" is borderline idiotic. I'm waiting for a time when we'll start investigating economic and mental impact on different layers of society. They didn't. Authoritarian intervention happened. Who cares? You can only be proud of your achievements if you were born the bottom of the bottoms? Are you implying that having many children might lead to better outcome financially? > For example: Why don't we apply our minimum wage laws to the cheap foreign labor we depend on for our cheap products? Because that would destroy any economy that exists there? What would be incentive to start a business when some rich multinational can pay 5x more than you? > Why don't we spend a significant part of our riches on improving education across the world? Because there are better wats to spend 'riches'? > Why do we apparently feel that people who happen to be born somewhere else are inherently less valuable than us? You answered yourself, because they were born somewhere else. They don't share our core values, language, culture. It doesn't mean that we should consider them beneath us. But they're different and that's a fact. > We would all become richer from it together in the long run. But somehow even just thinking about something like this mostly just makes others laugh or at best uncomfortably chuckle at such a silly idealist. Because those are laughable at best. Care to share a link? Lol. Comparing apples to oranges certainly don't. Or maybe your kid could grow up a decent human being who sees human life as something more than petty investment and a chance to redeem your poor life choices. It's really not. There's a way: don't use the app. Not a good thing for the employee, good thing for the company. That's exactly what they said? > Just deliver one pizza > Just work a bit more one day > Just take a paycut Nothing good comes out of mindset like this. Getting paid a lot means you can demand anything now? There's more to real-world performance than k8s cluster. > One of the issues I have in the whole software industry is the lack of empathy for regular folks and a lack understanding of how hard the average person has to bust their ass just to make it in life with just the basics. And how is that industry issue? Same can be said about any white collar job, why is that suddenly a problem here? > Yeah, and they can quit and work somewhere else that’ll pay them just as well if they don’t like it. I think that's the main sentiment in those threads and the main response to that is "oh woe how dare you think like that, you prima donna". Nothing like an accidental death when kid rushes on a road. Much safer than with those dangerous bikes. Glad you live outside nowadays. City needs less people like you. Except it's nothing like they describe. I live in Amsterdam and use bike everyday, I constantly see families on a cargo bikes and they couldn't have been happier. What are you smoking? It's super affordable to use a bike compared to owning a car. I bought second-hand bike two years ago and didn't spend a euro on it. You're making it sound like those are not bikes but tanks. They're not. Oh yeah, because only men watch porn and hentai. Maybe because they don't apply? > Maybe they are getting lost along the way earlier in the pipeline I have admin access to our pipeline. They don't apply. The ratio is 50:1 or so. > Maybe they walk into that freshman CS class and see 30 other dudes that fit this profile and give them creepy unwanted attention and they drop it and switch to biology. And? What's your point here? > There's a serious "dudes club" problem with this industry and this just feels like an expression of that. Python library made to remove censorship from cartoons is an expression of some abstract made-up problem, do you even hear yourself? It's not about women, it's vendetta against men. I believe my beliefs and choices are morally superior to yours, so that completely invalidates your merit! /s > You think your gonna wind surf when your 60? No. > You think it's smart to spend your 'non arthritis' fingers on coding? Yes. Because they're not a problem? You're making it sound like only FAANGs operate on such a scale. Who's stopping you? > That's like saying house prices in San Francisco are set by how much people are willing to pay. They literally are. > It's true but hides the real problem which is housing is unaffordable for many in that area. Area has finite amount of estate. The only "solution" is to create ghettos of human hives which lead to classes of problems on their own. Hence outsourcing argument. What's the first one? Politics? > As a general rule, one can assume that anybody who refers to humans as an infestation or their homes as hives is not a good person. Have the day you deserve. Anything concrete to say, aside from weak ad-hominem? I grew up in post-USSR, I'm pretty sure I know much more about human hives than you do. And I never said anything about infestation. Every family should have their own home. Evil is subjective thing. Especially in animals. They’re smarter than we though is not the same they’re smarter than us on average. Why would Russia want war? When? Toxic kindness is as toxic as toxic negativity, change my mind. If by reasonably well you mean barely hits 20 fps on Desktop and unusable on mobile then sure, it works reasonably well. Dart didn't have sound static type system when Flutter was created. Delusional bot, there's invasion out there. Ukraine is sovereign European country, not Russian backyard. Uhuh, isn't any different from calling Ukraine fiction, that it basically never existed, everyone is neonazi. Annexing Crimea, East of country and then attacking under deluaion claims. NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzL_MXgc24E Phalanx? What birthrights? It's a death by thousand cuts. Birthright implies you're entitled to something by being born. You aren't entitled to FAANG job by being born somewhere. If you then distribute it yourself, and originally it's not open source - yes. As if you can't make money off a libre software. And that justifies its existence? > Then the bits about applying lidocaine to anuses to help them get through the shoot... I'm gobsmacked... if you need a local anaesthetic, it somewhat implies that you're doing dangerous stuff. In this case it's no different from any professional sport. Technically, their point still stands. > East Ukrainians identify as Russian. And of course you have a source for that? How do I make everything about my petty beliefs. > So my friend from Ukraine is lying and reciting Russian state propaganda? I'm Ukrainian from South. Yes, he's lying. They might speak Russian or be sceptical about decisions that our government makes, but they're in no way identify themselves as Russians. Seriously? Nobody said they’re good quality though. > Instead of Microsoft's C/C++ extension use clangd. Didn’t know about this one, thanks. Not native. Azov is less than thousand men. Stop this straw man. > There's definitely some "I'll shit on my birth country to win Western approval" energy here.. Stop projecting. Not having one dictator for 20 years, for starters? It doesn’t. What hostility? We receive 1 woman candidate application per 20 male on average. > However, being a computer programmer is one of the best jobs on earth. To you, maybe. I’m going to surprise you, but just because you find X one of the best things in life and Y is worse than X to you – it doesn’t mean that X is universally better than Y for everyone. > We are paid like lawyers and coddled like children to write text files in our underwear. Because that’s what software engineering is. Uhuh. > Everyone across the socioeconomic spectrum wants what we have. And you found that where? On ad websites for every generic bootcamp? Buy it and preserve memory. At least you're conscious of the person, someone else won't be. If they pay well – absolutely. Do you seriously think Russians care whether Germany will buy their gas after they’ve started literal war at their footsteps? Why? And how is that any different from Kotlin coroutines if you still need to call Thread.startVirtualThread? You can mark everything suspend and there's no difference. There’s a night and day difference between iOS and even high end Android, starting with performance and consistency of the platform. React native has less performance issues, since it uses native toolkit. Flutter draws whole ui by itself: welcome to blinking cursor that consumes 5-15% CPU in idle. How’s the startup time? Nobody asked about your opinion of NATO, answer the question. > They’re as bad (in my opinion) as others, therefore it give them right to do evil things Are you even trying? You do understand that you aren’t talking to three years old? Anyone with half a brain will understand why this rhetoric is wrong. What does US gain from this? > Until recently Ukraine was only in media for their gov breaking human rights and stuff like this, and now it's suddenly the long lost brother we all love so much. Citation needed. Surely you can link at least one. Otters and possums. https://knowingless.com/2017/05/02/internet-communities-otte... From the military perspective, in a morbid sense - yes. And? > Trying to go against a nation that most Russians perceive as brotherly Brotherly, but not in equal sense. More like stupid little brother that can't take care of himself. It is widely known that Russians, for some reason, consider themselves superior out of all Eastern Europe Slavs. Just because they're post-Soviet country means they can't change? Since Zelesnky became president, they've started improving. For example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diia . Lmao > An armed horde of soldiers is a formidable force, even if the individual soldiers appear to be rather vodka’d Not against modern weapons. Jesus Christ, that's one if the most absurd things I've read in a while. Nazis in Mariupol? Russians chew through EU NATO? Russia would already be in pieces if it wasn't for nuclear weapons. Are you Russian? Or just plain ignorant? > The stupid (or rather gullible/inane) angle is a fairly recent government spin to justify the aggression. By "recent" you mean since imperial time? > So those soldier accidently put on Nazi symbols or tattoo on their bodies really weird How many soldiers, under who's command? > and people wonder how the holocaust could happen in Europe during ww2. Weak strawman, try harder. https://www.businessinsider.com/russia-fighter-neo-nazi-symb... https://www.trtworld.com/magazine/who-are-male-state-the-rus... > Yeah Ukrainian army is one of the better equipped and manned army of NATO. Hell turkey is the second biggest NATO army after the US. Ukraine isn't part of NATO, what are you even talking about? > Germany as a army is non existing reason why they need this $100 billion to bootstrap their rearmament program and the yearly 2% GDP to keep up to standards. And? > And AFAIK Russia did it since 2010 I think. If you mean degrading into authoritarian state without any opposition, with absurd level of censorship and general gaslighting of population - then yes. > show my opinion as you can about java. Showing your opinion doesn't make it immune from critique. > but I believe languages must have only one (or two) concise way to to things. Java has none. > This is true.... Old guys know nothing... for years we told the Java guys the mess they were doing, and voila, all OOP languages suddenly started to move to functional paradigm. Congrats. You lost 10 years of your life because you didnt listen to us when we said that we have learned something from ML and Scheme. Large economy the size of Italy? > https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/t9s0f4/r... I guess this is also after 70 years of soviets and people never seen anything like this before? Why do you blame your bad eating habits on food? Such as? That’s not how it works. X is amazing, but has a steep price so only “hipsters” can buy it which prevents it from taking over the world. > Would Ukrainians really want it or they just want the invasion to be stopped? They’ve already said yes in 2014. Nope. > Crappy code Being able to come up with an algorithm in a reasonable time doesn’t make it crappy. No wonder you can’t pass those. > Essentially how long it takes to translate from mental understanding to working cod Congrats, you just invented whiteboard interview. Sorry you have to go through peasant ropes, your highness. Switch is more powerful than PS3. Tf2 is casual quake and has little relation to CS. > The emotion and stress resulting from mistakenly sending a notification to 400,000 is likely overwhelming. Bold of you to assume that he can even comprehend this. What a time to be alive. > Is, according to their github page, a nary 18 years old. Stop posting this like an average 18 year old is supposed to be an idiot like OP. This is the age people get drafted, can start drinking alcohol, marry and start being adults. OP can barely type, if that’s the case - I cannot imagine how bad are Epic’s hiring practices. > "I'm the one being demeaned, you inferior clueless simpletons!" That’s true, though. > Which brings us to the second proud tradition of the tech titans, acquiring companies to end the products the acquirer doesn't like. Atom is inferior in every aspect to Visual Studio Code. Atom was on life support for too long. > Microsoft doesn't make money from VS Code. They harvest an astonishing amount of data from it. VSCode killed Atom long before GitHub acquisition. > killing off the competing product. There's nothing competing about Atom. Its fate was sealed when VSCode started gaining traction, and that happened before GitHub acquisition. LSP, better performance, better defaults, better plugins ecosystem, better (subjectively) UI. Proprietary? Lack of quality plugins? No? It did use Electron though (Atom Shell).