I have done it up to maybe 75% from time to time. Most of what I do is in ssh sessions to other systems in Xterm windows, so that's easy to do in console especially with tmux. I read my email in a terminal as well. I still need a web browser mostly for administrative stuff at my office that is only provided with a web interface. Exactly. A snapshot is a point in time on the storage media. It allows you to make a backup as if the backup occurred at that point in time, i.e. files are not changing while the backup is running. A snapshot is not a guarantee that any particular file is consistent with the state of the application that is using it. It's still a backup of an "open" file with all the potential issues that implies. One concern with a very small phone is that it necessarily has a very small battery. If you can charge frequently, or you only use the phone for an occasional text message it may be OK for you, but if you're checking it every few minutes and active on social media you'll likely not be happy with it. The emissions weren't so pleasant, however! Thicker would not be an issue for me (up to a point). Especially on a very small phone. Would probably make it easier to hold. Run a tmux session, then you can scroll back as many lines as it preserves (configurable). The point is, that if you demo something and it's perfect, someone in the room is more than likely going to opine about a way it could be even better. Likely not another dev, but a product or biz person. Even if you deflect by saying "that wasn't in the story, but we'll add it to the backlog" that still takes time and unnecessary discussion. If you leave or introduce some trivially fixable but noticable flaw in the demo, that will (hopefully) get noticed and everyone can feel that they are doing their jobs without needing to make up something. Try to think about a way your product (or at least a minimal version of it) could work without "user management." Sounds counterintuitive but sometimes it is a requirement that has never really been thought about, just assumed to be necessary. Industrial waste incineration is not at all the same thing as burning trash in a backyard fire. That's good to know. My impression was based on other comments I had read (in particular about the Unihertz Jelly) and it seeming to make sense intuitively. That's why we dropped it. It just got to be too expensive. Yes you got access to their support knowledge base, which was sometimes helpful but if you did a little work you could almost always find the answers elsewhere. The main thing I liked about RHEL was its stability. Not a lot of churn, and for running any other vended software, support for RHEL was never a question. Converted everything to CentOS. When Red Hat killed that distro, that was a bridge-burning event. We use Ubuntu now. > Most cargo revenue come from transporting freight in the holds of passenger jets. Is this really true? DHL, FedEx, and UPS (and Amazon?) all operate their own freight aircraft. There are also contract freight operators. Most major airports have an entire area that is exclusively for freight operations. Yes some freight does go in the holds of passenger jets, but is it "most" or even close? Instead it was literally about spiders. Often, just changing the user agent string so that Firefox appears to be Chrome will let those sites work. I.e. they work fine in Firefox, but are restricted by user agent string checks to reject that browser and/or OS. There are several plugins for Firefox that make this easy. They don't always say "go get chrome" but one example that still happens to me is logging in to Outlook email at work, if I use Firefox I get a hobbled "basic HTML" interface, if I masquerade as Chrome on Windows I get the full UI and it all works perfectly. Google drive is another one, where some things stop working depending on the user agent I'm presenting. There was WordPerfect for unix back in the day as well, I used it at work in an HP-UX environment. I don't know if it was ever available for Linux. I was in college in the latter half of 1980s. Computers were very much in use at the time for writing papers, and some classes required them for other work. Students were not expected to actually own one, however -- they would go to labs around campus which were basially just rooms full of PCs loaded up with all the common software. Computer Science courses generally just required a remote dumb terminal, such as a VT100 or ADM 3a. These were available in a few rooms around campus as well. Yeah, I saw that too, and thought he probably uses a speech-to-text approach to drafting his articles. That seems like the sort of mistake speech recognition would make. But it could also be auto-correct or even a real typo. > Most of these administrative roles are not optional (at least not if you don't want to get sued. They are mostly not optional if you want to receive federal funding. There are some small colleges that are totally private, do not take government funds, and so don't have to implement and administer many government regulations. Seems that you might invest in companies that provide things that retired boomers will be buying? > the days are long gone when an ordinary engineer needs to study algorithms in depth Except to pass the interview screens at high-profile tech companies? Every day I look at the things that I'm ready to do, and choose the one that I like the least, the one that's least fun — the task that I would most like to procrastinate from doing, but for which I have no good reason for procrastination. I'm not sure I've seen this approach to combating procrastination before. I can see how it might work: once you've completed the thing you least wanted to do, you might feel relief that the distasteful task is done and you can then dive into other stuff without that nagging you in the back of your mind. I think I will give this a try... I think this is generally good, unless your database treats NULL and '' as the same thing.... e.g. Oracle. Shades of Andromeda Strain Indeed. So many things that would have killed off our ancestors are now surviable and managable today, it seems likely to me that we are probably "de-evolving" i.e. more and more undesireable traits are surviving and being passed along to our offspring. Yes, but a person can write a paper just as well in Wordperfect 5 as the latest Google Doc or Office365 Word. How many millions of dev-hours have been expended on stuff that fundamentally doesn't do anything new ? Edit: saying they don't do anything new isn't right. They do, especially with regards to collaboration. What I really mean is that they don't make the essential task -- the actual writing -- much easier. That's still human/mental work. Once you have come up with the words, putting the words into a document is the easy part. Yeah but for functioning economies, you can expect a recession every 10-20 years, with smaller corrections more often. I remember the talk about "stagflation" in the 1970s, though I was too young to really understand it. The boom economy that started in the 1980s crashed in 2000. I remember that well as I lost my job. In 2008 I was working in the public sector and my employment was unaffected, I also didn't have any mortgages with stupid terms, and didn't need any of my retirement investments yet so I just rode that one out. So a recession in 2022, especially given the past two years, is maybe a bit early but not really surprising. After having to deal with all the stuff my parents left behind I swore to myself that I would not do the same thing to my kids. It's easy to say "just throw it out" but so many items have nostalgia and memories attached. Yet if I hadn't had to sort through it all, I never would have missed that stuff. I need to get on it. I'm not getting younger. Are you required to know the vehicle code to qualify to operate a bicycle on the roads? If they are legally "road vehicles," why not? Steve Jobs said almost the same thing about the Segway. He said it we would design cities around it. How often do you see one in use? The reality is that most people don't like to cycle. They like to drive. They like to be protected from the rain, cold, heat, and other vehicles as they move from place to place. Especially if they have kids, or elderly passengers, or have to move stuff with them, or have to travel any appreciable distance. eBikes are good for out-of-shape people who think they want to start cycling, and not much else. Don't overlook survivorship bias. There was plenty of cheap junk being sold 50 years ago. I'd say pretty much yes. If the file name is the "key" then most languages have straightforward ways to create and delete files, read data from them, and write data to them. I've found books surprisingly hard to get rid of. Local recycling center doesn't take them, and they are pretty heavy so you can't set out a big bin full of them for trash collection. Used bookstores are extremely picky about titles, authors, and condition. Listing and selling on eBay is not worth the time for the tiny amount of money you may make, and most of them don't even sell. I mostly just end up throwing them away a few at a time. > what happens if we can no longer trust the American tech platforms with our data I'm not sure why anyone with "national security" concerns ever trusted American (or anyone else's) tech platforms to begin with. Everyone spies on everyone, and many current alliances are not even 50 years old---a blink of the eye in historical perspective. Even if some other nations have "better" privacy laws than the US, those are only laws. They can be changed rather quickly if the political winds start blowing differently. Use an ad blocker. I use ublock origin and don't see any ads on old.reddit. Yeah I think it's the ultimate end of all social media, excepting forums that are aggressively moderated to stay on topic. I'm on a few email lists that are moderated this way. Any tangents into politics and memes are killed immediately, even neutral off-topic stuff is discouraged. Usenet is dead. Reddit, Facebook, Twitter are dying. Something will take their place, become popular, and it will eventually die for the same reasons. I'm on Android, and would possibly use this. Would your app work for tracking the Starting Strength program (3x5 sets 3x/week, not 5/3/1) or is it very exclusive to 5/3/1 tracking? I know exactly what you're talking about with community-killers. They don't really violate any explicit rules but they poison every thread with endless argumentation and always having to have the last word. I'm on a forum where such people are given two-week bans to start, and eventually perma-bans if they persist. It works pretty well but they will often return with a new account and start over. Moderation is endless work if your community is attracting new users to any degree. They offer one-time backup codes that can be used if a device is lost. I'm not sure if this is Google or the site, but for every login where I've set up Google Authenticator I have copied the backup codes to my password manager for that account. I'd agree that a lot of people might not do that however. That's not a gun crime (at least on the part of the kid) it's an accident. Kids die in accidents, it's a very sad reality. It might well be negligence on the part of the parents or whomever let the kid gain access to the gun though. Is it time to spin up http://fuckedcompany.com/ again? Sysadmins? These were photographs. Film and paper. Many people had to make the choice of being fired if they refused the vaccine. I'm not sure that is "being conned" more like being coerced. Even though some employers have walked back or not followed through on those threats, employees had to make the choice without benefit of that hindsight. I don't know about the support network for your condition but surely there are some? I'm making an assumption, but you write as if you are trying to manage things all by yourself, which is commendable but perhaps making things more difficult than they need to be. Are you working with any kind of local autism support group? I would hope there are some resources to help people such as yourself navigate the difficulties with finding employment. And there are some employers who specifically want to hire in this area. Maybe you just need help with connecting to the right opportunities? I voted very good. Life isn't perfect but it never is. I'm healthy, employed, have a nice place to live and enough income and time to indulge in some hobbies and personal growth stuff. > an automated system could broadcast the planned-routes of dispatched priority vehicles to every autonomous car in the city, allowing the autonomous cars to preemptively clear paths, before it even becomes an issue of local-reasoning about an exceptional-situation These cars can barely drive themselves with hyper-accurate maps on a sunny day without any surprises, and we want them to receive and evaluate emergency dispatches from some central system that doesn't yet exist, and respond accordingly? I think we're a ways away from that. Some people say that's how you should aways answer. Someone asks "how are you" and you should answer "fantastic!" or something similar. You say it and you will start to feel it, so the theory goes. I'm not sure it works. I usually say "I'm good, how are you?" and I think the over-the-top replies sound phony, but I haven't really tried it. Obviously a few have, as they are available online. I would guess the vast majority have not. One of the linked stories in that Reddit post describes how many of them were burned or shredded in the 1990s. Nobody was mass-digitizing old paper records back then, storage was too scarce and too expensive. There was no S3. The bottom is where most people are. The spending of the 1% isn't really driving inflation of consumer goods and food, it's the spending of the bottom 80% who have extra cash from recently higher wages and stimulous checks. There isn't a job around here that pays less than about $15/hr now, even entry level McDonalds is paying 16 year-olds that. That's a lot more, almost double what they were paying pre-COVID. You can't run away from the real economic value of goods, services, and labor. If the working poor are now making more than they used to for doing the same work, prices will inflate until they consume about the same percentage they did before, because the economic value of their labor has not changed. If you want to help the poor in the long run, you can't just pay them more money for the same work, you have to find ways to make their labor worth more. Give exams in a room, proctored, on paper, at a scheduled time. Open book/open note -- like real life. Everyone takes it at the same time. If you aren't there (without a good reason) you fail. And you can wait for it to show up. Around here a Doordash or Uber Eats delivery is at least an hour, maybe 90 minutes. So you need to plan ahead a bit. You can do a "DEF delete," but if you are caught you will be paying some major fines for EPA violations that will quickly exceed the value of the truck. Do the DOT inspections at weigh stations not check for this? I know that older trucks are grandfathered as they never had it; generally vehicles are required to have all the original emissions controls intact. You also will need to know how to reflash the engine computers, which will not be happy if expected emissions equipment is simply removed. A propane/isobutane blend is a good replacement for R-12 which was the refrigerant used for air-conditioning before CFCs were banned. Straight propane as you note is better for freezers than air conditioners. A problem with blended refrigerants is that if there is a slow leak the blend will change as the refrigerant leaks out, due to the different partial pressures. That makes recharging more difficult, you basically have to vacuum out the system and recharge with the correct mixture. Also, propane and isobutane are both flammable, but other than CO2, most refrigerants are to some degree. Many things can ignite during accidents, such as the 10-20 gallons of gasoline in an average automobile tank. The tanks tend to be pretty well protected, and an air-conditioner condensor is normally at the very front end of the car, but that design could be changed. > “The pattern of spending more and getting less is well-documented in the U.S. healthcare system; now we see it in cancer care, too,” said co-author Elizabeth Bradley It's a cynical viewpoint, but I can forgive those who think that modern health care is mostly a way to extract as much wealth as possible from sick people before they die. There are no standardized high-school exams in the USA. The closest things would be SAT/ACT which are taken by college-bound high school students, but they are separate from high school and have zero bearing on graduating from high school. I don't know of any reason an older person could not take the SAT but also most older students interested in going to university would be admitted under different critera than a 17 year old, and high school grades and SAT might not be relevant at all for someone in his 30s or older. He does sound a bit "out there" but mainstream science says that vegetable/seed oils are safe to eat, so anyone who says they are not is going to be "anti-science." I would think an activated carbon filter might grab them, but having some trouble finding an definitive statement on that. I wonder if there's a corresponding list of "falsehoods users believe about how search works" When I use a search engine, I know I am often choosing my search terms based on suppositions about how the search engine works, but if I'm honest, I really have no idea. It usually devolves to trial and error until I find results that are close to what I wanted. How often do we see the pattern: Industry invents A, which is useful but has bad side effects causing A to get banned. Industry invents B, which does the same thing, maybe not quite as well, and with its own bad side effects, and might be chemically very close to A, but it's technically not A so it can be sold. B gets banned. Repeat. I simply do not keep a neat enough house to have a robot vacuum. There is too much stuff on the floor for it to get tangled up in. I use Emacs all day, every day at work for the last 20 years. I'd like to see these changes too, but honestly it's not even close to being on my top 10 of frequent frustrations. The average web app is way less responsive, suffers random hangs, HTTP 500 errors, browser freezes, etc. than I experience in Emacs. The problems that are at the center of the divides in our population. They are discussed/argued endlessly, and by intention are not discussed a lot here. The rules say if it's something that you would see on television news, it's probably off-topic here. We don't need this place to turn into another typical comment section on the internet. Go to one of those places if you want to shout at other people who are not there with open minds. At research universities, sure that is a big part of it. The professors are paid largely from research grant awards that they bring in, and about half of that award is skimmed off the top by the university for "overhead." There are many small colleges that are not research-focused. They teach. They make their money from tuition and gifts, and possibly other federal grants but not for research. High schools in general do an extremely poor job at teaching financial literacy. The only education I had on the cost of debt and the time value of money were incidental story problems in math classes. The strangely named "home economics" classes were all about cooking and nutrition and sewing, not about buying vs. renting a house or buying a new vs. used car vs. leasing, or saving for retirement or emergencies. It's no wonder many young people have no idea what a burden debt can be. Yeah bankruptcy is a legal process. Judges and probably lawyers are involved. It's not "free" and (my supposition) if you have legitimate near-term future prospects for income the judge may not grant it and tell you to get a job and pay what you owe. Since Cray stopped making their own CPUs, they have been back and forth between AMD and Intel several times. Back in the 1990s I worked at an investment bank that offered a paid 3 month sabbatical after 10 years of service, and then every 5 years afterwards. I don't quite remember the specifics but that was the gist of it. This was on top of normal PTO. They didn't tell you what to do with the time, but encouraged doing some deliberate personal growth. It was a rather uncommon benefit at the time. I can look out the window and see what the weather is where I am now. Beyond that I am interested in the weather for my general area over the next couple of days, which is imprecise enough anyway that my exact location doesn't matter. Same, also on Android. I have maybe half a dozen apps installed that did not come with my phone. Most of the apps that did come with my phone I have removed or disabled. I also keep location turned off unless I am actively navigating in Google Maps. I know that doesn't eliminate all tracking but it's an easy thing to do. It's never been clear to me what advantage these totally virtual banks have over an account at a local bank or credit union with a real local brick and mortar presence and real people who can help you face-to-face with any issues. I have a 19 year old Ford Focus that has been great. It's not much on creature comforts but it starts and runs like new. I've had two Hondas of the same vintage with dead transmissions. The worst price you will get for a used car is trading it in. The best thing to do is sell it privately, after researching what it is worth. Outsourcing in the 2000s was difficult, technologically. Zoom meetings didn't exist. Github didn't exist. Continuous integration and automated testing was not really a thing. There was nothing like Slack. Screen sharing was difficult if not effectively impossible. Remote work is much more practical today, and the pandemic gave it a huge turbo-boost. I don't think we'll see a replay of oursourcing from 20 years ago (which was generally a debacle, no argument). Right. While at the same time as they clumsily block any IPs with unknown reputation, they seemingly cannot reliably flag a poorly formatted, obvious and well-known fake invoice for "Norton 360 renewal" as spam (and really, it's worse than spam, it's a scam). It's almost expected any time there is a large award with competitive bids. Losing bidders will sue, because they have deep enough pockets and legal staff to do it, just on the chance that the award will be blocked. It's part of the reason that large government procurements are so inefficient. Why can I identify spam at a glance, with greater than 90% accuracy, from the subject line alone, and to Google it's an unsolved problem? Google reads and indexes every email that they deliver to a gmail inbox. They probably have the worlds largest and highest paid staff of ML experts, and they resort to auto-flagging based on IP address? Fix it. I have never seen a cheap farmers market. Around here they seem to be exclusively for and patronized by wealthy older people, who don't blink at paying $7 for a head of lettuce. Same thing with convenience stores. I had near me a local, independent convenience store that was really more of a small grocery store than a convenience store. They had a meat/deli counter where you could pick up some steaks on the way home, or get a lunch sandwich made to order on the way to work. They had a small but decent quality selection of produce. Potatoes, tomatoes, onions, lettuce, apples, bananas. A few years ago the owners retired and sold to an Indian family. All well and good, but they eliminated the meat, deli, and produce and added smoking glassware, vape juice, and cheap knives. Also they seem to have a problem with programming their checkout system, because everything rings up for $0.10 - 0.15 more than marked. When I was about 15 (this was in the 1980s) I had been hanging out at a local computer shop, trying to figure out what I might want to buy for my hard-earned paper route and lawn-mowing money. The shop owner, who I would guess was in his 30s, offered to drive me to the next larger city to look at some stuff that he could not get for some reason. On the way there (or maybe on the way back) he took me to White Castle for food. We didn't have a White Castle and he really liked their food. I guess you might say there were red flags there, but he didn't do anything remotely weird, then or later. He was apparently just wanting to help out a kid who was interested in the same stuff he was. Nowadays I don't think anyone would dare. Yeah. McDonald's didn't have drive-thrus when I was a kid. My mom would take me there once or twice a year and it was always a highlight. I would always get a happy meal with an orange drink. I loved their orange drink. This was my take on it. The supermarket can't reach into my paycheck and take more money at their whim, nor can they put me in jail. If you have a family, house, etc. it can make you more risk-averse if you don't have a substantial amount of savings. That said, if you are smart and motivated, re-skilling for an in-demand high-paying field is pretty low risk. It's the people who try to jump into something in a very competitive field, like owning a restaurant, with no prior experience, that can end up worse off. Rentals must on average cover the debt, taxes, and profit for the owner. The tennant pays monthly rent including all of the above and has nothing to show for it when the lease ends. Condos at least build some equity that you can recover when you sell. Sure there are some risks and maintenance costs that renters don't "pay" but it's all included in the rent, over time. Audio cassettes had this also. A little tab you could break off that would prevent recording. If you later changed your mind and wanted to record over the tape, you would just tape over the hole. Also short term beneficial choices may be long term bad choices. The industrial revolution was great for humanity for well over a century. The standard of living in industrial countries advanced farther and quicker than ever before. But that same industrial activity had long term effects that we (as a society) are only just starting to accept and are still in disagreement about how to handle. And they will be if it's feasible and there is a demand. I wonder how difficult it would be to farm-raise them. We do it with many varieties of fish. And I would speculate that most devs only know a small fraction of git's functionality. It is certainly the case for me. It isn't. There's a transfer case between the electric drive and the gasoline engine. It's not that complicated, basically a planetary gear mechanism, and is pretty rugged and trouble-free. Yeah that's one of the ones I don't touch. I like the idea but that's a lot of money for very limited features. I understand the lack of features is the point, but a Nokia 6300 4G KaiOS phone is only $70. No Signal, but it has WhatsApp. Yes? Always has been. It's OK to care about your work, just put limits on it to allow time for other things in your life. To me, nuclear fission has to be part of any serious plan to reduce carbon emissions. Yes, there is some low hanging fruit that solar/wind generation can address, and we should do that, but we need electricity at night, and when the wind isn't blowing, and when the seasonal position of the sun isn't advantageous. Battery storage technology is not anywhere close to the scale that would be needed. As transportation is shifting away from fossil fuels, and world population expands, demand for electricity will only increase. Fusion energy may be something that becomes practical in another hundred years time, but it's not close. Yes, nuclear waste is dangerous and needs careful, well planned management. OK. Are we serious about addressing carbon emissions, or not? If we are, it's something we have to figure out. It's not beyond our capability, and any risks need to be considered in light of the alternative of continuing to dump carbon into the atmosphere. I didn't even know it was sick. Yes Apple is walking on familiar ground here. They abandoned M68K, then PPC, now Intel. They know they can do it, as they have done it before, and their customers will follow along, as they have done before. Just looking at it reminds me of the original "keyboard computers" like the TRS-80, the C64/VIC-20. Just kind of gave me a sense of nostalgia for a second. I remember the home computer price wars of 1983. The TI-99/4a that I had paid hundreds of dollars for in 1982 was selling for $59 by late 1983. Seeing a lot of them this spring here in the midwest US as well. But Target is likely not going out of business. Even if they have to sell stuff at a loss. And even if they did, their inventory would be auctioned off and resold, it would not just be chucked in a landfill. However if your money is going to be worth less soon, you might be inclined to avoid all non-essential purchases so you have more money left for stuff you need (food, rent, gas). > SSNDOB listed the personal information for approximately 24 million individuals in the United States, including names, dates of birth, SSNs, and credit card numbers Great, good to shut it down, but how long until its replacement springs up? It probably already has. Instead of going through all this effort and expense to track the sellers of this information, it would be better to make "names, dates of birth, SSNs, and credit card numbers" valueless on their own. I'm not sure what the alternative looks like, but posession of this kind of personal information about someone should not be useful or valuable. Is it different in West Germany? I had the feeling the casual nudism was more just German culture and not really different between East and West. Subject categories such as "math" are also very broad. I struggled with math in elementary school, because it was mostly about memorization. 3 + 5 = 8. 6 x 7 = 42. Learning and being able to spit out those facts as quickly and flawlessly as possible was most of what I remember about math as a young kid. I was never good at that. I still am not good at that. I got Cs and sometimes lower grades in math. Somehow, though, I passed a test in 7th grade to qualify to take algebra in 8th grade. Suddenly stuff started making sense, and I could see a point to it. You could actually solve an interesting problem. It wasn't just regurgitation of facts. It became more about thinking and connecting concepts and even being creative. I started getting As in math, and continue to do well in High School with geometry, trig, and calculus, but up until algebra was introduced I would certainly not have demonstrated a gifted ability in "math". Wedge politics. As old as time. Find an emotional issue to carve out a group of people. Then craft a statement that appeals to that group. It makes your campaign feel more personal to them. When you get elected, fail to implement anything you promised, and blame it on the other party. Probably both ways. Some kids backslide with academics at that age, others seem to gain traction. I didn't mention it but have considered that part of the reason that things became easier for me in the 8th grade is that I was starting to get the mental maturity to think more abstractly and deliberately. I think there is a good amount of overlap. Operating the reactor is of course specialized. But once you have the steam, the rest of the power plant is conventional. Steam turbines, generators, and all the grid tie-in would be mostly the same as a coal plant. "Real People" users yes, now that most "systems" are containers or VMs, the number of users that are real people might be one or even often zero. But most linux services run under their own user identities, so even in that case you will likely have several if not dozens of users on a typical server, the idea being that if the "nginx" user is compromised, the "postgres" user is still safe. Also why it was a bad idea to have services running as "root" (or "system") as was more common a decade or two ago. I also use notmuch and emacs. I have always preferred text email clients. The first one I used was elm, then pine, then I was using gnus for a while but treating mail as news wasn't quite right. Switched to mutt, then back to emacs w/notmuch (using w3m to render HTML emails) and that has been the best for me for a number of years. I don't read email from my phone. I am on android, and I have a gmail account for that, but I don't ever read it or use it for anything else. I don't get it :( I wondered about that. I know a few people with GT systems and it has never been an issue, perhaps because we have real summer and winter here, so the heat dumped underground in the summer would be offset by the heat extracted in the winter? All big methodologies and big application platforms (e.g. J2/Jakarta EE,.NET) are attempts to make average developers predictably productive and to ensure long-term consistency in and across large projects. These things are more important to "enterprise" than raw productivity/development speed. Highly talented developers don't need this structure and process, but if given the freedom, they are also more likely to create software that only they understand, using flavor-of-the-month languages or frameworks that they have personally selected. When their work is done and they move on, nobody else can figure out what they have done or why. As long as you don't park in a tow zone. Chicago is/was notorious for predatory towing, and it will cost you hundreds of dollars and hours of your time to get your car back. > If you’re hiring a grad student Be careful with this one. If the student is here on a visa, they are not allowed to have outside employment. Many do have "under the table" income of course, because graduate stipends are poverty-level at most schools, but it could get them in trouble. It's also not unheard of in the US to use it mean "drunk." At least, I would understand it in context. I think the thesis was, that SMBs could benefit from contract management in the long term, but (and not initially understood) it was not an urgent problem in the short term. To get buy-in for a long term initiative, they'd need consultative sales at the executive/owner level of the businesss, but that would mean competing with established "enterprise" companies, who already are not selling to SMBs because software sold that way is too expensive for the SMB market. Why is it fair to entertain speculation about underreported deaths and all kinds of long-tail effects of COVID the disease, but not fair to do the same speculation about the vaccines? It's funny. Many years ago I did work at a McDonald's, but the manager of that store refused to allow those types of posters on the walls. He said it looked bad, he wanted clean white tile and stainless steel to be what the customers saw, not a bunch of laminated posters. He always argued with the regional manager about it during store inspections. But since this McDonald's made a lot of money, and everyone was actually preparing the food correctly, the store manager generally got his way. Tesla succeeded in showing the world that an electic car can be something more than a glorified golf cart. That is frankly a huge achievement, compared to what came before. EVs are now the centerpiece of every manufacturer's plans for the coming decades, and that is because of Tesla. Whether they succeed as a brand is not really important anymore. Put an IR filter in the car window glass? Before office work was the norm, what was this "second place?" Churches, probably? Taverns? I think it is. GM had their EV1 experiment, but they weren't serious about it and destroyed all the cars after the experiment was over. Tesla was the first serious effort at an EV that wasn't a shed-built project car, that had something approaching usable range, and looked like a normal car not a cartoon. I don't think any other major auto manufacturer had EVs on the radar in a serious way before Tesla. I'll add that I think the self-driving, glass panel display, and all of that was unnecessary. They would have had as much success with normal manual controls and simple conventional cruise control with maybe lane assist and auto-braking like other luxury cars had. But that's mostly based on what I like in a car, I could be wrong from the perspective of the market. I didn't assume it was about working out but I don't even get the barbell analogy. Working with a barbell is something that demands effort and control, and slowly, steadily working up in weight and/or repetition depending on your goals. It's is not at all "lay on the couch all week and then lift 500lb on Sunday" It's good advice for a novice (it's the Starting Strength program) because it's easy to remember and stick with. It's true it will only take you so far, and you will eventually need a more nuanced program depending on your goals. > no ads, no paywalls, no sponsored content – just like Wikipedia. So nagging popups for donations, then? I think they have always lied. Perhaps in the past the press and the people were more credulous, that era came to an end with Nixon/Watergate and maybe now we have grown numb to it. Certainly there were lies galore during the Kennedy/Johnson Vietnam years. If you look at the IRS rules for deductibility on a home office, they are pretty strict. It needs to be a physically defined area that is used only for work. If you use the same area as living space, or use the same desk and computer for personal stuff, it's not deductible. If you work off of a laptop, sometimes sitting on the couch, sometimes at the kitchen table, it's not deductible. I don't know if California law is more relaxed, but if it is, then I would think that any expense reimbursements would be taxable income at the federal level. Yes. Most small towns don't even have bus service to the nearest hub airport, because economically it doesn't work. And there is no arrangement of costs that will work out to electric aircraft being cheaper to own and operate than a bus. How does the smoke alarm differentiate between "forgotten food burning on the stove" and "house is on fire" and if you aren't there to do something about it, what good does it do to notify you? Shouldn't it notify the fire department, if anything? For critical patients helicopters are already used. For patients who need to get to a hospital but are short-term in stable condition, is the extra expense of an air ambulance justified, in a health care system that is already unaffordable? These can possibly be addressed by catalytic converters in the exhaust (not sure how feasible that is in a turbine engine though). In any event, it's a small fraction of total greenhouse emissions, dwarfed by CO2. Let's not let perfect be the enemy of good. 30 engines = 30x the chance that at least one will fail. Maybe one is tolerable. How many can it lose and still fly? Yes, Maps is the best I've used. I had Apple maps on the other day. I knew the area and knew I was close to the destination. A left turn and about 100 yards down the road. Apple wanted to take me nearly a mile north and then loop back. It does that kind of stuff all the time. I haven't compared Google Maps to a dedicated device like a Garmin. I wonder how that would do. Is someone actually going to call the police if I'm eating a sandwich at my desk? And are they going to respond? It was the same for me in the US in the 1970s. I rode the bus to school from first grade. Yes my parents were home in the morning and helped me get ready but I walked to the bus stop in the morning and back home in the afternoon. This notion that parents have to hover over kids and make sure they "get on the bus" is quite recent. Not universally true in the US. Perhaps in some of the more uptight suburbs. Not at all true in the more rural area where I live. Prospective jurors who are "too smart" (highly educated/credentialed) are often dismissed as well. Yeah, maybe I should have said "sometimes" rather than "often." The gist of what I remember about it is that sometimes a "smart" juror can end up trying to outhink the lawyers, rather than just evaluating the evidence presented and whether or not it meets the "beyond a reasonable doubt" standard. Yeah I can't see why being a street cop needs a college education. Note I'm not saying there should not be some aptitude and psychological screening. But I think plenty of people who didn't go to college could be good cops. It's pretty obvious. Look at the history of big union pensions in the USA, e.g. the Teamsters. Yes, when one mega-organization owns most or all of the health care providers in an area (which is very often the case) it's a monopoly and there is no market competition. Where I live for example, from a cost perspective I can't really shop around because there are no individual practices anymore. They (and the clincs and the hospitals) are all owned by the same vast medical congolmerate. It's completely anticompetitive, yet the FTC has not shown any concern AFAIK. Hm, didn't know about that. I wonder if that is why my mom never bought canned vegetables when I was a kid. She always bought frozen if she couldn't get fresh. If you just want the protein you can buy unsweetened protein powder and mix it with water. If that's too bland you can add a little juice, still way less calories than the typical bottled protein drink. IDK. Camping can be very cheap. I went on camping trips all the time as a teenager and I had almost no money. Unless by "camping" you are talking about towing a small mobile home into a paved "campground" with electricity, water, showers and bathrooms. Yep, that sounds like a rate for a paved site with electrical, water, and sewer hookups. State park "primitive" campsite here is $15 max. That's still in the official campground area. If you hike into a state or national forest, it's free. The color of the yolk depends on what the chickens eat; it doesn't really indicate anything about the nutritional content of the eggs. Supermarket "organic" eggs that have a dark yellow yolk might just mean that their chickens' diet included pigments that caused that. A true free-range chicken that had a more wild diet including insects and seeds other than wheat or corn will also tend to have eggs with a darker yolk. Just don't betray their friendship, as they will not forget it. The convenience store/gas station business model is unworkable as an EV charging station. A convenience store with two or four pumps can still service many dozens of cars per hour, because a fill-up only takes a few minutes. The same space could only charge a handful of EVs in that time, because it takes 15-30 minutes per car. That's less customers per hour who might also potentially come in and buy something. These places will not be able to afford to exist. EV charging makes more sense as a value-added service for a restaurant, or supermarket, because most customers will be there for 30 minutes anyway. The challege will be that nobody wants to spend an extra 20-30 minutes hanging around someplace doing something that they weren't needing or planning to do anyway. For example I'm not going to want to start hanging out at an EV coffee shop when I don't go to coffee shops now. Yep, was going to say the same. Leg work in particular is good for your testosterone levels. Yes, this is how I feel. I have no problem learning a new skill. I get discouraged when I learn a new skill and just when I start to get really comfortable and productive with it, it's suddenly "legacy" and some new thing is popular. The only skills that have really stood the test of time for me are C, PHP, unix shell stuff, and SQL. Almost any home built in 1956 is going to be under-provisioned with respect to utilities and insulation by today's standards. I doubt this is specific to San Francisco. Yes, so many people seem to think that billionaires are some living version of Scrooge McDuck, and their wealth is vaults full of gold coins under their houses, and they swim around in the coins before breakfast every morning. I had it in my facial hair a few years ago. Two bare patches. My barber said it was likely stress-related (though I didn't feel stressed out at all). Then a year or two later it went away for no apparent reason. Nothing had really changed in my life that I could think would affect my stress levels. In other words, both its appearance and disappearance are a complete mystery. I also have almost no hair on my legs below my mid-calf, and I did when I was younger. Yes it is very rare. In most cases it is probably due to general economic decline of the area, but every once in a while they were just wrong about the potential of the location. Perhaps they are getting tax abatements by bamboozling the local county officials into thinking that there is going to be some huge local economic benefit from their land purchase. Yeah but parking above ground is probably cheaper than building out apartments. I've lived in buildings where the first 6 or 8 floors were parking. And a parking space rented for several hundred a month, on top of your apartment rent. A family history of lung cancer could simply mean a family history of smoking, which was much more common a few generations ago than it is today. Yeah I don't like travel either. Not because I can't afford it, I just find it more tiring than anything and don't really get a lot of pleasure or relaxation just being somewhere different. I'd rather be sitting on my back porch given the choice. With electronics specifically, it's often just more convenient to toss the old device in a drawer. You're not supposed to put them in the trash, and e-waste disposal often incurs a fee. This is why refrigerators end up dumped on the side of a road in a ravine, because municipalities make it harder to dispose of them responsibly than to just dump them. This is what I do with tools. If it's obviously something I will use again and again, I'll pay for quality. If it's something I might need just once, but not certain, I'll buy a cheap one to get the immediate job done. If I need it again and it breaks, I've now needed it twice so I'll replace it with a good one. (If it doesn't break, it's a better value than I thought). The healthcare sector is still quite profitable despite the debt, slow payments, and defaults. What is their motivation to change? So did she/the two of you pay it eventually? If not, were there any collection efforts/judgments/garnishments or anything like that? Simply walking away from medical debt if there is only a minor impact on credit score seems like a decent option if not. Yes, if you are living in a tent and are addicted to opiates, I doubt that "medical debt" would be anything that even registers on your radar. You'll get emergency medical care as needed at the nearest public ER, and since you don't have an address they probably won't even bother to try to send you a bill. Yep the entire end-of-life industry is incentivized to drain all the wealth from the old and terminally ill before they die. That is why my plan is to opt out. DNR, living will, I will not enter a care facility or hospital I'd rather die on my own terms and have my children inherit whatever I have managed to accumulate. It's not like you can get whatever, whenever medical care in Europe. Whether private or public, the entity that's paying the bills will be making decisions on what procedures are or are not "necessary" and how much they will pay. My uncle in Denmark had cancer, and they basically put him in a hospice-type facility to die, because anything else would have not been justified due to his age, the cost, and the low probability of success. In the USA, he or his family would likely have demanded aggressive surgery and/or chemo or radiation, he would have died anyway, and there would have been hundreds of thousands of dollars of "medical debt" created. I suspect many people who like the idea of socialized medicine are not prepared for the reality of the limits on care that would bring, particularly for the old and terminally ill. Well, I'm saying that he had no options. He went to a (very nice) facility to die. They kept him comfortable and relatively pain-free. Any other option he had, should he have wished to pursue it, would have been outside of the Danish social medical system. That may be "better" than what would have happened in the USA under Medicare/Medicaid, but my point was there really wasn't a choice in the matter for him. He didn't have to pay for it, other than the taxes he paid his whole life, so I guess there's that. Almost all utility water is delivered in PVC piping. There is not really any avoiding it. So I don't really worry about the Nalgene bottle I use to drink water from. Most bottled water is just filtered municipal tap water. And there are fewer regulations over bottled water quality than there are municipal water. It's possible we may look back with some regrets, but I seriously doubt that plastics will be thought to cause anything close to the same or greater harm caused by lead. We'd know it by now if that were true. > the implications are of an extinction level crisis impacting not only humanity, but all high order life on earth. You're right about the politics, but life is far more resilient than you're giving it credit for. It's not the microwaves, it's the tendency for people to use microwaves to heat food in plastic containers. Which is probably a bad thing to do, if you're concerned about the potential for chemicals leaching out of the plastic, and are going to consume the food you just heated. I do the same thing. I max my retirement savings, and HSA contributions, have some cash savings for emergencies, and live on what's left. The original air cooled Beetle was super simple to work on. Once you had done it a few times, you could pull the engine, rebuild it, and reinstall it in an afternoon (assuming you had parts already on hand). Shows that a true minimum wage is not something the government can mandate. There is a natural minimum wage that the market determines. It depends on (at least) the nature of the work and the supply of potential employees. For warehouse work, it's apparently over 2x what the government says it should be. This is not unusual at all. My first job as a developer was with a big consulting firm. Undergraduate seniors were hired en masse every year as entry-level staff consultants. The expectation (not stated, but not hard to figure out) was that many would leave within a few years. Some would remain and get promoted, even fewer would stick around long enough to be considered for partnership. The work hours were long (50 hour weeks normal, more was not unusual) but the pay was good and it was good experience to cite when applying for other jobs. Amazon warehouse work is not a career. It's a job, that has minimal if any prerequisite skills other than being strong enough to move boxes around. It's not the sort of thing someone does for a lifetime. At the time, FNG didn't exist, and Apple was gasping for life. It was one of the top paying options for a new graduate with no experience. > Abuse is OK because some people eventually figure out how to get away from it? I take issue with calling it abuse, but yes -- it's a learning experience and a life lesson. I did it, I was disillusioned with school, quit and worked in manual labor, delivery, and restaurant jobs when I was young. Decided I didn't want to do that for life, so I went back to school and learned to program computers. Then I worked as a consultant, decided that was too many hours and too much time away from home, so I found another job that was better on those metrics. Decided I didn't like living in a huge metro area, so found another job in a small town. Life isn't handed to you, and if it is, you don't appreciate what you have. Yeah "time crystal" will always make me think of Doctor Who. Not sure if they were ever actually mentioned in any story lines, but it sounds like something their writers would come up with. Twitter is a public space, because being a public forum for speech is the essence of what Twitter does. It's privately owned, but like a privately owned mall, it is "open to the public" and therefore at least some free speech protections apply. “the more an owner, for his advantage, opens up his property for use by the public in general, the more do his rights become circumscribed by the statutory and constitutional rights of those who use it.” (Marsh v. Alabama, 326 U.S. 501, 506 (1946). The Supreme Court has since backtracked on the Marsh opinion somewhat, but some states such as California have ruled that reasonable exercise of speech and of petition rights on privately owned shopping malls are protected activities. With Google's track record for discontinuing products, would you commit to moving your school or business to this OS? Yes, schools and businesses often replace technology on a schedule, but standardizing on an OS is a longer-term decision than desktop replacement. We have a vaulted ceiling and there is still an air gap under the roof. The ceiling "vault" is separately framed; there is still a foot or two of air space between the top of the vault and the roof deck. I think people understood. It's just that tar/asphalt is cheap and makes a very good roofing material. I live in a neighborhood where houses are numbered by block, starting at "100" at the city center (many/most US address schemes work this way) Due to being nearly the same distance east and north from the center point, there is a house around the corner that has the same address number as mine, theirs is "East" and mine is "North" and the street name is different. I don't know if we both have the same 10-digit zip code, but we do still get each other's mail at least a few times a month. 1. Identify a smart, motivated person in your company who is interested in the position. 2. Train said person to do the job. This is the sort of situation where I would be tempted to send a photo of my genitalia, with the written code. There are a few videos on YouTube where Serling talks with groups of aspiring writers. He is quite passionate about writing and storytelling. He also smokes incessantly, which lead to his untimely death at the age of 50. That's been the objective of programming languages for 50 years. It hasn't happened yet, because the essential complexity of programming problems isn't in writing the code. Or maybe it's just one of the ways people die? I'm not convinced that everything has a cause that can be prevented. "Squirrel" is such a common excuse by power utilities that I think it means "we don't really know but seems as likely as anything" It can seem unfriendly but what it really is, is not very tolerant of people who have made no effort to solve their problems, or even provide relevant information. It's getting better, but they still have an older SMP model based on a giant lock https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_lock#BSD The other thing is that OpenBSD devs (well, leadership at least, from what I can tell) don't care who thinks they are "irrelevant." Popularity, number of users, etc. is not a goal. They develop the OS for themselves, and if others find it useful, they are welcome to use it. I'm not entirely convinced that "early detection" results in anything but more worry, more time in doctors' offices and clinics, more time taking very unpleasant medicine, more time undergoing surgery, and absolutely devastating financial consequences. Can confirm. Two of my kids use THC pretty regularly and they seem content with a life that is paying the bills but not really leading anywhere. The third does not (AFAIK) and is on a much higher trajectory. All had pretty much the same upbringing, rules, experiences, and discipline. I've never used it, so don't have personal experience. I used to use instapaper quite a bit, but when I figured out that I almost never went back and read any of my saved links, I stopped. If I'm not interested enough to read the link now, I almost certainly am not going to read it later. Sort of the same reason I don't take photos anymore. I never go back and look at them, so it's just a waste of time and a distraction from being really present in the moment. Yeah, today they're just overpriced. The years under AMF ownership were bad quality-wise. If they are doing it for free, the value of the labor is zero by definition.