At a high level, because it would have been directly counterproductive; at a low level, because her cover as an attaché of the US embassy came with diplomatic immunity. This doesn't leave the host country totally unable to respond in the case where a foreign intelligence officer is detected, but it does strictly limit the scope of such response; in practice, the most they can do, and from the sound of it what they did in this case, is declare the offender persona non grata , and put her on the next jet out of Sheremetyevo. Of course, there's nothing that says the host country can't put a captured foreign intelligence officer in prison, or even execute such a person outright, beyond a simple reciprocal convention that such things aren't done. The reason why that generally doesn't happen is the same reason why civilized nations rarely visit atrocities on prisoners of war: a country which unilaterally abrogates such a convention risks having its own personnel treated just as badly. In the case of espionage, there's the further, and major, consideration that any abrogation of diplomatic immunity risks a general breakdown of diplomatic relations, a state of affairs which between civilized nations generally presages the outbreak of warfare. Aside perhaps from a few madmen who never approached real power, no one on either side of the Cold War ever wanted it to turn hot, and the entire edifice of Cold War-era espionage existed precisely to help prevent that misfortune from ever coming to pass. Imprisoning foreign intelligence officers would, therefore, have been actively detrimental to the purposes of the nations which might have done so. Only when I want to, which isn't often because it slows me down. Sometimes it's fun to listen to the dialogue, though. I was rather expecting to find a UI library at the other end of that link, rather than a SaaS offering. Having found the latter, I was disappointed, although given what appears to be increasingly typical practice not surprised, to discover that there's no meaningful information on offer about what the service does or how to integrate with it. It should be possible to find out whether and how I can use your service before I decide whether to sign up for it; otherwise, how am I to know whether it's worth my time to sign up for it at all? It looks like the GA script is itself dynamically loaded, by injecting a script tag into the document. Fetching the document via "view source" won't execute this, which will produce a log entry on the server side that can't be correlated with a GA page view. That'd make it possible to identify page loads which didn't execute Javascript, which is a decent proxy for "tracking this side" unless somebody decides to be a jerk with curl and while (1) {}. With a little forethought and initial investment, you don't have to decide between giving up an iPhone and continuing to pay three figures monthly for the privilege of using it. Consider: Sprint - ostensibly free phone, $120/mo for a 2-year contract: $2880 all told, and you don't have a choice but to pay all of it Ting - $500 up front for 64G iPhone SE, avg. $27.50/mo for the same period: $1160 all told, and you can stop service any time if things get bad enough that you have to Sure, if you can't make the initial nut, it's not an option - but you're talking about being suddenly broke or close to it, which is the situation in which I found myself last year, and which motivated me to put some thought into better options for mobile service. The more I look at it, the more it seems to me that mobile contracts, at least in the US and at least for single phones, are every bit as much for suckers as rent-to-own shops are. *(in June) Can't speak for GP, but I experienced a similar moment of "ok now how do i close this again" before realizing I didn't really need to. But that didn't feel quite right either, like a popup that won't go away once its purpose has been served. Or like checking a footnote, and having a hard time finding my way back to wherever it was referenced. I get that what this library does isn't quite either of those things, but it feels enough like both of them that not being able to un-expound feels a little weird. > Oops! Something has gone horribly wrong! Not terribly helpful. Scanning the visitor's /24 without notice, warning, or opportunity to opt out is a dick move. Our IDS probably just lit up like a Christmas tree. One of OP's early theses is that the left is all about economic class, but can't admit social classes exist, so conflates them with economic class in order to talk about them. If your benchmark for analyzing the modern left is a collection of theorists from a hundred years ago, you're going to misunderstand a lot more than just this. There is now: https://github.com/aaron-em/ten-hundred-mode.el (There was before, under the name "1000-words.el", but it isn't very good, and it also isn't, and can't easily be made, available via MELPA. So I wrote this instead. The PR to add it to MELPA is open and awaiting review; pretty soon you should be able to M-x package-install RET ten-hundred-mode RET and get it.) No, but it might be a whole lot of them. > the key point of emacs is extensibility and customizability This really can't be overstated, or its value emphasized too strongly, and it goes a lot further than your simple statement makes clear. There is literally nothing in Emacs whose source code is not trivially accessible from the editor itself, via the documentation attached to whatever functions or variables are related to the behavior of interest. (Even the C source code is accessible in this way, if you have it somewhere on your system and have told Emacs where to find it. Or, if you build from source, it will remember on its own.) You can access the documentation for anything, including keybindings, with a single command, and follow a hyperlink from there to the Emacs Lisp or C source in which it's implemented. This reduces the mystery of why and how Emacs does what it does effectively to zero. If you don't understand why your last keystroke did what it did, you can find out. (If you're not sure what your last keystroke was, you can find that out too, because Emacs keeps track and will happily show you with M-x view-lossage.) If you don't understand how it did what it did, you can find that out, too. And if you want to modify what it does, there's a wide variety of ways you can do that, as well. Nothing in Emacs is inaccessible; nothing in Emacs is immutable. The only thing that can stop you, or even slow you down, from making Emacs exactly the tool you want it to be, is your own level of understanding and capability - and if you find it lacking, Emacs is there to help, and its community will cheerfully do likewise. (Oh, and the long-form manuals for everything in Emacs are built into Emacs, too.) I've built several Emacs packages, and released a couple on MELPA to quiet but generally positive receptions - nothing particularly big or world-shattering, just small things to make other Emacs users' lives a little easier, or a little more fun. Almost everything I know about extending Emacs, I've been able to learn from Emacs itself, in the course of seven or so years of using Emacs. I can't think of another editor I've ever used, or even heard of, in which that would be possible. Considering the central position a programmer's primary editor occupies in her professional armamentarium, it's hard to imagine any other editor that'd do even half as much as Emacs to help me get my work done. As you say, if I had to work in Java or C#, I'd probably find myself having to use Eclipse or IntelliJ or Visual Studio or what-have-you. It's not going too far to say that one reason I'm largely unwilling to work in those languages is because I wouldn't easily be able to do so in Emacs. That may strike some people as an astonishing assertion, and a foolish attitude toward choice of language. That's reasonable enough, but I misdoubt most experienced Emacs users would find themselves feeling much the same way. In Visual Studio, creating a custom keybinding appears to involve three dropdown menus, a dialog box, and at least two UI controls. In Emacs or Vim, it's a single line of code you add to your initialization file. I think there may be different definitions of "easy" in play here. I'll concede that Visual Studio makes custom keybindings possible , but so does any text editor worthy of even momentary consideration as a professional tool. And I'll take your challenge. Here's something I can do in Emacs: I can take a spreadsheet received from a client, full of intended configuration settings for a custom internal application. I can export it as CSV, load it in Emacs as such, and extract the relevant sections of the content into tables in a plaintext Org-mode document. I can then add a function to that document, in whatever language I choose, which will receive the contents of those tables as structured data in the language's own idiom, and generate the collection of complex SQL statements necessary to implement the desired configuration. From there I can decide whether I want this SQL script inserted into the document I'm writing, or written out to a file that I can copy to a remote host and feed to the SQL monitor. Or I can instead have Emacs itself connect to the target RDBMS and apply the configuration directly. Or any combination of those. And once the document's written, I can do all this with a single keystroke. Another single keystroke exports the document to HTML, so I can share it with the client to demonstrate exactly how their intent has been translated to reality, and with colleagues so they can see what's been done. Perhaps that sounds fantastic to some. For me, it's Thursday before last. It took a little less than an hour. I'm sure Visual Studio suits your needs quite well. I'm glad of that; everyone should have a tool that does what they need it to. But Visual Studio, from all I've seen of it, does very little to expand the scope of what you can do. Those of us who are fond of Emacs or Vim are so because, by comparison with something like Visual Studio, Emacs and Vim give you superpowers. Nope. This isn't a migration; it's one-off data population. Fluent Migrator can do that, from its documentation, but it wouldn't be required, and since this isn't a migration, Fluent Migrator doesn't really bring anything to the table that I can see. So you're building a custom software project in your language of choice, with all the overhead that implies. In the workflow I described, you create a file and activate Org-mode. (Or just create a file whose name ends with ".org".) There's also the documentation task, which has to include the source data and resulting SQL script, as well as the transformation code. I'm not seeing anything here that would simplify that in the slightest; you'd have to either write the HTML document by hand, or write code to generate HTML. In the workflow I described, all that code is already written, and you can invoke it with a single keystroke. And beyond that, there's the matter of data ingestion. You're starting from CSVs, so you have to read those and parse them just to have the data you need to work with in a form which you can use. Any serious language has a CSV parsing library, of course, so that's not a difficult task in its own right, but it's still more code you have to write, and more effort you have to put in - selecting a CSV parser, adding it to the project, learning its API, et cetera. In the workflow I described, it's a copy-paste operation. Don't get me wrong - I didn't say, or assume, that anything I described couldn't be done in Visual Studio. But at this point we're talking about, what, a few hours at least? And you're spending a fair chunk of that time on overhead, especially in document generation. You have to find, vet, and install libraries, write or modify a bunch of code, and so forth. By the time you're done, you've probably had to spend the better part of a day on this one task. In the workflow I described, the only code I needed to write was that in which I expressed the actual transformation from tabular data to SQL statements. Everything else, Emacs and Org-mode took care of for me; all I needed to know was how to invoke capabilities already present. And I had the job done and dusted in less than an hour, with plenty of time left in my day for other work. That's what I mean when I say Emacs and Vim give you superpowers - not that there's anything you can do in one of those editors that (with enough effort) you can't do in another environment, but that those editors are better than anything else (at least anything else I or anyone I know has ever encountered) at helping you get more done, faster, without having to spend time on ancillaries that distract you from the meat of the task at hand. I don't disagree with you, exactly, but whoever theorizes that needs to study recent history; Lister was never a battlefield surgeon. It's a subset, and the Blub paradox applies. For one thing, Org isn't a plugin; it's part of the Emacs distribution, rather than something you have to explicitly install. All you need to do to use all the functionality I described is install Emacs and start it up. For another, Emacs doesn't actually have a plugin system, per se. Instead of the usual headache, where a program written in language A exposes a lossy subset of itself to plugins written in language B, Emacs just exposes all of the language in which it itself is written, and you can do what you like. The usual distinction between first-class application code and second-class plugin code doesn't exist. There's just Emacs Lisp code, any of which can freely interact with any other Emacs Lisp code running in the same process space, including effectively all of Emacs itself. You can add new code by installing packages from a repository, which you can do in a single command if you know the name of the plugin you want. (If you don't, there's a searchable list.) Or you can do it by opening an Emacs Lisp buffer, writing some code, and evaluating it - again, with a single keystroke. If you like it and want to keep it around, save it to a file: boom, it's a "plugin". Add a line to your init file to load it, and it's a "plugin" you're using. Or you can just drop your new code into your init file directly, because your init file is - you guessed it - just Emacs Lisp code, that happens to be in a file Emacs will load and execute when it starts up. As I said before, the Blub paradox applies: it's easy to recognize something less powerful than what you're familiar with as such, but something more powerful just looks weird. From the sound of it, Emacs looks very weird to you. It did to me, too, before I started using it. Now I won't willingly use anything else. Perhaps I'm just very weird, too. Does the universe agree? > Org-mode is a better Markdown than Markdown integrated with a multi-format publication generation capability. It can even export to Markdown! (And I'll only author in Markdown under duress anymore.) It's funny that you chose the phrase "Magic Things". Before I settled on the "superpower" metaphor, I was going to talk about the times when I've done things with Emacs, in and out of Org-mode, that have made my colleagues say things like "wow, that's really cool" or "holy shit how did you even just do that". I opted not to because I figured it would sound like bragging, on the one hand, and on the other because you can do things in Emacs that really do have to be seen to be believed. But "magic" is the word I was going to use. (It's not always an advantage, either. I've had people show contempt for things like Org-mode tables, on the assumption that because they're rendered in text, they can't possibly be anything other than text, and I must be wasting insane amounts of time making columns line up and the like. I used to work for one of those people. I'm really glad I don't work for him any more.) The problems you've described make sense. They're not problems I have because I generally don't exit Emacs (and I don't use it on the command line, but in server mode with GUI clients), but if I did, I'd want to come back to the same environment I left. Changes you know you want to keep, you can add to your initialization code so that they're reapplied on the next startup, but that's not the same, and it doesn't cover ephemera at all. Which editor are you used to using that does , though? I ask because I'd like to experiment with it a little and see what it does and, to the extent possible, how it does so, because that seems like a useful capability for Emacs to have, and one of the nice things about Emacs is that it offers a programming environment flexible enough to support most other editors' "hey, neat" capabilities - the Sublime minimap, for instance. Incidentally, C-x 8 is by default bound to a keymap that includes a lot of glyphs not often found on keyboards. You can insert £ with C-x 8 L, which might be more convenient than M-x tom/insert-sterling-symbol RET. Not OP, but I recently installed the Emacs flavor of the widely used Emmet HTML generation tool, and I found myself wanting to customize some aspects of its behavior so that they better suited our in-house style. I could've edited the Emmet source code in place, but to do so would've meant losing my customizations next time I upgraded the package. I could have forked it, but that would mean having to manually merge changes into the fork every time a new release comes out. Instead, after a couple hours of reading the Emmet source and fiddling around in an Emacs Lisp buffer, I ended up with this: (defcustom emmet-verticalize-html-attributes nil "Whether to verticalize attributes in HTML tags. \"Verticalize\" here means to separate each pair of attributes by newline and enough indentation to line up the first character of attribute names. For example, the unverticalized production when verticalized becomes " :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defcustom emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes 3 "The minimum number of attributes required for verticalization. If a tag has fewer than this many attributes. they will not be verticalized, even when verticalization is enabled. Values less than 2 have no effect, since verticalization only has an effect on tags with at least two attributes." :type 'integer :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-verticalize-html-tag (orig &rest args) (let ((html (apply orig args)) (attribute-count 0)) (if (null emmet-verticalize-html-attributes) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (html-mode) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "^\\ "))) (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\w[\\w\\d_-]+\\=\\\".*?\\\"" ) nil t)) (setq attribute-count (1+ attribute-count)) (and (not (looking-at (pcre-to-elisp "\\/?>"))) (newline-and-indent)))) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (if (>= attribute-count emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)) html)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :around #'emmet-verticalize-html-tag) (defcustom emmet-indent-html t "Whether or not to indent generated HTML according to the same rules used by `html-mode'. When non-nil, Emmet-generated HTML will be indented via `html-mode', with a newline after every closing angle bracket. When nil, Emmet-generated HTML won't be post-processed in this way. (The version of Emmet I'm using, 1.0.8, applies no indentation whatsoever.)" :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-indent-html-snippet (html) (if (not emmet-indent-html) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (and (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\>") nil t) (not (eobp))) (newline)) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (search-forward "\n\n" nil t) (replace-match "\n" nil t)) (html-mode) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :filter-return #'emmet-indent-html-snippet) ...which not only implements the behavior I desire, and does so without modifying the original source or breaking my ability to upgrade Emmet, but also adds customization options to those provided by stock Emmet, so that I can adjust the way my Emmet extensions behave without having to touch the code. (Not that touching the code is any great hardship, but it's nice to be able to adjust the way these extensions behave in the same interface I use to make other minor adjustments to the way Emmet works.) Shortly after I copied that code into the Emacs buffer I'm using (via Firefox's "It's All Text!" extension) to edit this comment, but before posting, I inadvertently killed Emacs's message buffer, which contains a running log of everything displayed in the editor's echo area. I wasn't prompted for confirmation before killing that buffer, but I felt I should've been. So I opened an Emacs Lisp buffer and wrote this: (defun defend-message-buffer (kill-fun &rest args) (let* ((buf (car args)) (buf-name (if (stringp buf) buf (substring-no-properties (buffer-name buf))))) (if (string= buf-name "*Messages*") (and (yes-or-no-p "Really kill the message buffer? ") (funcall kill-fun buf)) (funcall kill-fun buf)))) (advice-add 'kill-buffer :around #'defend-message-buffer) And now I am. An interesting article and a fascinating perspective. What happens when the smarts in your "smart home" don't necessarily answer to you? And if Vim or Emacs couldn't do soft line wrapping, you'd have a point. It happens at the same time you need to throw a punch in order to land it on the boss, not at the same time the boss is about to throw a punch. It's not periodic, so the idea that the displayed behavior is mere coincidence is implausible at best. > if I want to use a one-character password, that's my business It's really not. Depending on the service, someone who guesses your weak password and compromises your account may very well be able to injure more people than just you. The plugin API doesn't make it look likely. Look into Dash. Even if you don't want to pay for the application (or can't run it on your platform), the docsets are free and ISTR there are some editor integrations for them that don't involve the paid app. Doubtful. The set of people willing to do business with a thumb-fingered goober like this one is likely disjoint with the set of HN readers. Considering that, if this isn't a troll, he wiped out his entire business with a single command, I think you're giving him too much credit here. Which model? I'm in the market for a couple of new displays, and if they've come out with a lemon, I'd like to avoid it. Visual Studio integrates well with the capabilities of C++ and of languages that run on the CLR. Outside that realm, it can do little or nothing for you. Emacs integrates well with the same capabilities in almost any language that provides them - even C#. See the difference? "The idea of the plugin is to prevent users without technical background from changing the page HTML. For example. many eCommerce customers change the price of the product using dev tools and send a screenshoot." Yeah, good luck with that. > What is the point of speed reading a novel? Well, if it's a recent Honor Harrington novel, to skip over all the stuff you already know is going on because it's been covered in pretty much exhaustive detail in the last four or five books too. David Weber is a man in desperate need of an editor. > Learning emacs and vim from decades old documentation is quite a journey. Can't speak for Vim, but the Emacs documentation has hardly succumbed to the sort of obsolescence your description of it implies. (It's also built in to the editor, and reachable via M-x info.) You might want to take a look at it, before you go on consigning novices unfortunate enough to heed your bad advice to the hell that is Stack Overflow. (And if you're going to point people in even that general direction, at least point them at Emacs SE, which unlike SO isn't overrun with garbage and lies.) Apropos and describe-{function,variable,key} argument expansion can help a lot here. You wouldn't, because you can't be sure you've found the last value satisfying the predicate until you reach the end of the list. To do it lazily, you'd have to reverse the list first, but that's O(n), so not practical with very long lists. Javascript will short-circuit in && and the ternary operator, too. But that's not really the same as lazy evaluation, which both is more general and happens in a different context; ES6 generators, for example, are lazy, which means that any sequence function in which one is used is lazy as well. Indent your code snippets with a minimum of four spaces and they will be rendered as preformatted, monospaced text. Vertically adjacent lines thus indented will be rendered as a single block. Commodity computer hardware, to say nothing of AWS, hasn't been around nearly so long as our habit of skimping on infrastructure funding. > That's a classic slippery slope, isn't it? Korea spent thirty-five years occupied by imperial Japan, a regime never much noted for the softness of its grip, and after the war, was partitioned and the northern part given directly into the hands of the Soviet Union as a proto-Cold War quid pro quo . That's not so much what you could call a "slippery slope", as it is torture and brainwashing on a societal, rather than an individual, scale. Yes, and the trains run on time, too. > As a non-American, seeing young children reciting the pledge of allegiance in unison is downright creepy. The practice dates from the heyday of Hitlerism, and arguably springs from much the same sort of motivation - and it's creepy enough before you read about the Bellamy salute. Do you mean "opprobrium"? Approbation is praise. "Centralized" doesn't mean you rely on Github or Google or Microsoft or whoever, although you can. It means you handle authentication and authorization with a service that does that job, instead of shared secrets or "well, it's on this VLAN, it must be OK". You can run your own OAuth2 (or whatever) provider pretty easily these days. That's not a backport, that's just a port. Backporting would be converting XBox One games to run on the 360. I've done the same, on OS X yet, and had no trouble. Unfortunately, fb2k ended up being unsuitable for my purposes for other reasons - namely, that it can't handle self-signed TLS certificates, and probably never will be able to because the developer doesn't care about that use case. I still use it at home, but for remote streaming I've found Subsonic to be an amazingly effective solution, not least thanks to the excellent iSub app. What's the actual difference between Subsonic and Madsonic? I haven't been able to find any more detailed description than "[Madsonic] adds features and bug fixes", which is hardly helpful. Not only a bad media player, but one which the OS ties so tightly to the keyboard's media control functions that there seems no reliable way of prying them loose. Not my biggest OS X annoyance, but easily in the top five. "If you're not paying for the product..." Well, yes, I'm not completely ignorant of how TLS works, so that was of course my first thought on discovering fb2k lacked any interface by which I could tell it to trust my server cert. That's why, in the process of investigating the issue, I added the root CA cert I'd created, and used to sign the server cert, to the Windows certificate store. That was enough to stop applications using the Windows TLS stack, such as Internet Explorer, from complaining any longer about being unable to verify the certificate. It didn't change anything about fb2k's behavior, though, which led me to surmise that fb2k was doing something wonky in its TLS implementation. On the other hand, there's a forum thread from late last year [1] in which the fb2k developer appears to have addressed the issue at least in part, by making it possible to whitelist hosts and thus bypass certificate validity checking. That's...hardly ideal, but it would probably have solved my problem, if it existed four years ago when I last tried to get this working. The same thread includes more information on the same kind of problem I was having; from it I can surmise that if I'd created an empty CRL and had my root CA cert point to it, I probably would've been able to get it working. Would've been nice to know that four years ago, too. But it looks like I'd have needed to hook the process with a debugger and monitor system calls to find out about it, and I wanted to listen to music more than I wanted to use unfamiliar tools to debug unfamiliar API calls made by an opaque binary blob. In any case, if I'd gotten fb2k working four years ago, I probably wouldn't have been motivated to keep hunting for a solution until I found Subsonic, which serves my remote-streaming purposes better than fb2k ever will. So however frustrating it was at the time, it's been all to the good in the long run. [1] https://hydrogenaud.io/index.php/topic,110065.0.html > Why is it some people are incapable of discussing Germany without tiresomely invoking the Nazis? I know, right? You'd think slaughtering a few million people in half a decade or so was some kind of big deal, or something. Completely unrelated? A German government legislates the use of technology to make identifying and tracking its citizens easier, and you can't see how people draw the comparison? As for your invidious attempt to distract from said comparison by slinging mud, I'll just point out that you're severely underplaying your hand here - a goodly fraction of what went into Hitlerism, not least the theory and practice of eugenics, originated with Progressive Era luminaries of the United States. Indeed, our nation might've gone much the same way as yours, were it not for the benefit of Germany's salutary, if horrible, example. What features? What bugs? I haven't been able to find any substantive answer to either question. Until I do, I see no reason to care about Madsonic. Centralization and slack are inversely proportional. If everybody is reliably and unambiguously identified from birth by a single government-issued and -maintained key, and that government turns against its citizens (or is overthrown, compromised, et cetera), you're basically hosed. Neat, thanks. If you're anything to do with Madsonic development, you might think about making that comparison page a lot easier to find. It doesn't seem to be linked anywhere very much. I'm also uncertain how "optional video player" isn't listed as a Subsonic feature, when 5.x (and I think later 4.x as well) can stream video. I mean, I've actually streamed video from my Subsonic 5 instance, so... How on Earth did anyone get through that entire article without using the phrase "skin in the game"? I'm not sure whether to be impressed or disappointed. Only a hundred megabytes? You're getting off light there. I went to install the latest Nvidia CUDA driver the other day, and it's a gigabyte download. > there is a "smugness" associated with Hillary Clinton and a "smugness" associated w/ critics of Clintonism such as Thomas Frank and those aren't the same thing That's just internecine strife between the centrist and radical wings of the party. Contempt for those who don't embrace the same precepts they do is common to both. Dup checking seems like it should've caught this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11545169 I've heard a few people express concerns around whether they actually own Steam games, and whether those games might suddenly be pulled or otherwise made unavailable without the courtesy of a purchase price refund. I'm not entirely unsympathetic, but on the other hand, to the best of my knowledge that's never actually happened, so... Indent each line by four or more spaces. The markup documentation is linked from the FAQ, and the FAQ is linked from the bottom of each page. I know. That's Amazon, though, not Steam. General-purpose channels on IRC seem to fall into two categories: on the one hand, small and populated by mutual acquaintances who view un-vouched-for outsiders with suspicion; on the other, gigantic, purposeless, and either dead idle or too busy to keep up with. Starting from scratch, you're better off looking for channels relevant to your specific interests, and branching out from there. > Why do I have to become dishonest to cancel a service? Because the service provider is dishonest already. Bank of America has them; their Apple Pay support is built on them. You can create one directly via their online banking interface, although it's pretty deeply buried and (IIRC) requires Flash, which is weird. Whether it's okay to lie to them has no obvious bearing on whether it's necessary. Where did you learn morality? A shallow reading of the New Testament? Like all such processes, this one is defined by people, and implemented mostly in terms of a set of actions available to those employees of the corporation who handle cancellation requests. Telling such a person that you're deaf, and thus unable to communicate by voice telephone, is no less a lie because that person happens to be acting on behalf of his employer. If your morality forbids lying, then this lie violates it no less than any other. There seems to me a somewhat troubling trend of reaction to the widely derided "corporate personhood" principle in law, by deliberately depersonalizing such "persons" to an extent which appears to me to increasingly include not only the "corporate person" per se , but the actual people persons who constitute that corporation, and who implement and act upon its policies - to regard the modern corporation as a faceless alien behemoth, after all, is of necessity to overlook the fact that it is an organization of people, in theory (if to a somewhat greater extent than in practice) around a common goal. Your comment here is squarely in this line. "There's no person there", after all, is blatantly erroneous: of course there is a person there, otherwise there'd be no one to whom to worry about lying. It's been a while since I last reread The Authoritarians , but I seem to remember this kind of depersonalization being a significant theme in its analysis of how your category of authoritarian followers become willing to countenance human rights abuses. In that light, it surprises me to see you express a perspective which includes precisely that kind of elision, and I'm curious whether you see a substantive difference where I do not. Presumably the first statement refers to make and model, rather than quantity, in which an increase is implied by the increase in number of drives. If it means that much to you, why not add host file entries to point GA's DNS records at 0.0.0.0 or something else invalid? If you don't trust that either, supplement it with packet filter rules to drop traffic heading to the IP addresses to which those names (currently) resolve. Switching platforms seems like a major overreaction here. Ads which you'll no doubt block anyway. Not seeing the issue here. 'Who', not 'whom'. 'Who' is subjective or nominative case, 'whom' objective; the parallel is 'they' vs. 'them', or 'he' vs 'him'. You wouldn't say 'them don't typically side with the government'. In general, if you're not familiar and comfortable with the grammatical rules around pronoun case, don't use 'whom' at all, and stick with the more common pronouns whose correct usage you'll have learned by osmosis. I thought differences of culture were something to be celebrated. Did I misunderstand? You seem to be saying that one of those propositions is prima facie absurd, but I'm not seeing it. Who would disagree that checking corruption in industry is a primary function of government? Is it more important to you to use that specific term, or to get your point across? Because the one seems to be getting in the way of the other, is the point that's under discussion here. > Bottom line is: Singapore is not for everyone. This seems an oddly difficult proposition to grasp for a lot of people who have never lived in, visited, or been anywhere near Singapore, nor have any plans to do so. > I have never heard a single Singaporean show strong confidence or trust in their government This is oddly phrased. Have you ever heard a single Singaporean express the converse? You really can't mention that question without totally spoiling the book. "More than half of a tiny and almost certainly unrepresentative fraction of Singaporeans" would be a more accurate description. Arguing from headlines seems like it must be an uncomfortable place to be. The CIA World Factbook estimates a 1.5% net immigration rate for Singapore in 2015. They don't seem to break out immigration vs. emigration, so I'm not sure how frequently people leave, but a quick glance at Google results for "singapore emigration" suggests people leave frequently enough for some pundits to consider it a problem, which makes it seem improbable that doing so is all that difficult. Quis custodiet , et cetera. If they're in my ears, how do they have sufficient cell surface area and incidence angle? Do I have antennae sticking out the sides of my head like a 1950s movie alien? Outlets are cheap and easy to wire. Running low-voltage cable throughout your house to supply USB ports in outlet panels isn't - especially since, at least in the US, you can't run HV and LV cable in the same conduits and still pass inspection. (Nor should you! Suddenly having 120VAC@10A on a USB port's power pins is a Bad Thing.) Apple devices have generally excellent DACs as well - to the point where it's basically a waste of money to buy an external DAC. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that there are Android devices with good onboard DACs, but I also wouldn't be surprised to learn that such devices are at the high end of their manufacturers' ranges and come at a premium price. You started out talking about wireless headphones. What cables? But that's just the point. If you have real-world users reacting to your real-world interface in the same way that TNG's scripted users (generally) react to their prop interface, you're probably doing something right. I'm not sure whether, in all the brouhaha over this lawsuit, anyone has paid much attention to the fan film around which it revolves. "Star Trek: Axanar" is currently in production for a mid-2016 release, and the short film/long trailer, "Prelude to Axanar", is a remarkable piece of work in its own right. Don't let the "fan film" label put you off, either; these are professionally produced works, with a compelling storyline and real actors (some of whom will be familiar to fans of the BSG reboot and/or Star Trek: Enterprise ), and their take on the Star Trek universe should be a breath of fresh air for anyone frustrated with either Roddenberry's unrealistically optimistic perspective on humanity's future, or JJ Abrams' "lens flare all the things!" brodown. If you're a Star Trek fan at all, you owe it to yourself to at least give Prelude to Axanar a watch: https://youtu.be/1W1_8IV8uhA (And as an old Babylon 5 fan, I'm delighted they included a sly reference to that show in Prelude , too. See if you can catch it!) I did! Thanks for catching that. It is dishonest to represent this as an instance of "the search engine police" turning up as a result of NSA snooping. From the NY Daily News article you linked: >“Somewhere out there, someone was watching,” Michele Catalano wrote on the “Medium” blog[...] > The Suffolk County Police Department said it sent detectives to her East Meadow home Wednesday after a Bay Shore-based computer company reported suspicious computer searches by a “recently released” employee. > “We found out ... that the searches involved also things my husband looked up at his old job,” Catalano wrote Thursday night in a separate blog post on “Open Areas,” her personal site. In sum: Mr. Catalano and his former employer got into a flap presumably related in some way to the employer becoming "former"; said employer, which sounds like a pretty lousy place to work if this is the kind of shit they pull, tried to SWAT the Catalanos in the best 4chan style; Mrs. Catalano, seeing an opportunity to grab some headlines and maybe a touch of lasting notoriety for her otherwise entirely forgettable online presence, made this out to be something almost entirely other than what it was; the post-Snowden online media grabbed hold of it for five minutes, then realized how they'd been played and turned on Mrs. Catalano [1] for thinking she could put one over on them. I don't see how the case against ubiquitous Internet surveillance can be effectively bolstered with dishonest representations of rather trivial events. [1] http://www.wired.com/2013/08/pressure-cooker/ > If they had a book with them they'd read that You can fit lots of books on a phone! As were some Palm OS devices before them - those with 480x320 screens, at least. (They weren't good for much else!) I dunno. The driving force behind it is Alec Peters, who is basically doing it because he's a huge Star Trek fan. So I think the "fan film" label is not entirely unfair, although in this case it needs the disclaimer I gave it regarding quality. Selling the finished film would probably give CBS a stronger basis for suing, but I haven't seen anything to even suggest that Peters or Axanar Productions plan to do so. I'd be interested to know of any evidence to the contrary. There's a reasonable distinction to be drawn between trying to make money off the production, and using Kickstarter to crowdsource the capital necessary to make the production at all. As far as I can tell, Axanar has remained solidly in the latter camp. Is there anything to show otherwise? Debit cards are extremely popular in the US; every checking account by default comes with one, which can be used in any ATM or till that can process transactions on either a credit or a debit network. It is by far the most common means of paying for purchases, and has been so since the advent of the capability. (And, yes, we're getting chip-and-PIN now, too.) I didn't get my first checking account (and bank card, which only worked in ATMs) until I attained legal majority and started my first adult job, but that was quite a few years ago now. I would be entirely unsurprised to learn that many, many teenagers today have bank accounts and debit cards of their own, even if it's only their allowance that gets deposited there. > I'm 33 and grew up in the Bible belt. Looking back, I'm shocked at how good my Sex Ed was. So did I, and so am I. Ours consisted mainly in a full-color slideshow of various genitals horribly mutilated by unchecked venereal disease, with absolutely nothing held back. Granted, as teenagers, most of us found it as fascinating as we did appalling, and I can attest to the fact that it did little to discourage our burgeoning interest in sexual activity. But it wasn't what you would call useful . It's no concern of mine if someone else's business model is that badly broken. > They don't care about analyzing the likely outcome of the case had he lived, it's brought up to share anger and outrage over the injustice. Precisely. He didn't have to kill himself, and if he'd put a bit more forethought into what he was doing, we'd probably be discussing this in a thread around an interview with him rather than with Ms. Elbakyan. But nobody wants to hear that, because it detracts from the story of this generation's Bobby Fischer. If your framework is trust rather than critical analysis, you're going to get suckered no matter what news media you choose to consume. Which matters more: that they do something right, or that they do it for the right reasons? Or: Which matters more to you, that they help people, or that their hearts are pure? > Sometimes I think RMS would be happier if the web had just stopped development after the release of the Mosaic browser. Or before. He doesn't really [1] browse the web: > I generally do not connect to web sites from my own machine, aside from a few sites I have some special relationship with. I usually fetch web pages from other sites by sending mail to a program (see git://git.gnu.org/womb/hacks.git) that fetches them, much like wget, and then mails them back to me. Then I look at them using a web browser, unless it is easy to see the text in the HTML page directly. I usually try lynx first, then a graphical browser if the page needs it (using konqueror, which won't fetch from other sites in such a situation). [1] https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html Poe's law is in full effect with Dr. Stallman. At least there's a plausible route and mechanism there. How do you see this applying to an uncle? TED talks are a great example. It's the New Scientist. The WTF is implicit. "Seems". You can't know what fraction of your remaining 900 had cancer but weren't diagnosed with it for any of a wide variety of reasons, from death through misadventure, through false negative, to simple loss to followup. Clinical studies are designed to exclude such confounding outcomes. It's very difficult to see how any study of this data could be designed to do likewise. If you want a reliable result, yes. Consider: I may have a medical record that doesn't indicate knee issues because I have correctly been diagnosed with no knee issues. Or I may have such a record because I have been incorrectly so diagnosed, despite the presence of knee issues. Or I may have such a record because I haven't been to a doctor about my knee issues in the years since they've developed, and so no opportunity has arisen for my knee issues to be documented. Simply from a medical record reflecting no evidence of knee issues, you cannot know which of these, if any, is true. As I mentioned in a reply to your neighbor comment, clinical studies are designed to exclude such confounders as these - and that's a considerable part of why such studies are so expensive to design and carry out. It's very difficult to see how such exclusion could be achieved with data of the quality which seems to be involved here. > you will either see the patient in there or in a death index Or you won't see any new information for the patient, because the patient is lost to followup. Or - worse - you'll see new information, but it'll be invisibly erroneous, because random GPs don't work to the standard that physicians administering examinations in clinical studies do. > 50M people will provide a lot of robustness that you wouldn't see in a 1000 patient trial Not if the 1000-patient trial is well designed, and the data of those 50M people is totally uncontrolled and unverified. This isn't warfare - Stalin's dictum has no place here. You can't overcome the flaws of a dirty dataset by adding more dirty data to it, especially when you literally cannot know either the magnitude or the nature of the inaccuracy, or even tell what's accurate from what's not. Results from the ENCODE consortium, and this result in particular, must not be considered in a vacuum. In particular, review Graur et al.'s comprehensive analysis and rebuttal: "On the immortality of television sets: "function" in the human genome according to the evolution-free gospel of ENCODE." [1] The abstract: > A recent slew of ENCyclopedia Of DNA Elements (ENCODE) Consortium publications, specifically the article signed by all Consortium members, put forward the idea that more than 80% of the human genome is functional. This claim flies in the face of current estimates according to which the fraction of the genome that is evolutionarily conserved through purifying selection is less than 10%. Thus, according to the ENCODE Consortium, a biological function can be maintained indefinitely without selection, which implies that at least 80 - 10 = 70% of the genome is perfectly invulnerable to deleterious mutations, either because no mutation can ever occur in these "functional" regions or because no mutation in these regions can ever be deleterious. This absurd conclusion was reached through various means, chiefly by employing the seldom used "causal role" definition of biological function and then applying it inconsistently to different biochemical properties, by committing a logical fallacy known as "affirming the consequent," by failing to appreciate the crucial difference between "junk DNA" and "garbage DNA," by using analytical methods that yield biased errors and inflate estimates of functionality, by favoring statistical sensitivity over specificity, and by emphasizing statistical significance rather than the magnitude of the effect. Here, we detail the many logical and methodological transgressions involved in assigning functionality to almost every nucleotide in the human genome. The ENCODE results were predicted by one of its authors to necessitate the rewriting of textbooks. We agree, many textbooks dealing with marketing, mass-media hype, and public relations may well have to be rewritten. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23431001 Surely not. Who wouldn't be grateful to live so long? tl;dr: "I really miss Python's bondage and discipline, so I'm going back to it, and I'm going to hate on Node on my way out because I genuinely can't wrap my head around the idea of a paradigm other than the one with which I'm familiar and comfortable." It's not even about Node. It's about anything that isn't Python, and doesn't have the Python community's strong "there is exactly one way to do it" tradition. I'm glad OP has realized that's what works for him. It's a shame he lacks the perspective to understand that it's about him. Given the distribution restrictions cited in the document's opening pages, its public dissemination seems questionably lawful at best, albeit fully in keeping with the activist nature of the FAS. It's a federal project. How likely do you think it is that there'll be no vulnerabilities which a review of the source code could expose? Spoken like someone who's never been anywhere near the US federal procurement and implementation process for software. > You get $700 / month from the government for basic income. I thought the idea was that it be enough to live on. You mean the clothes and the electronics made by Asian indentured workers in conditions close to outright slavery? I mean, don't get me wrong, I participate in the modern economy as much as the next guy, and the man who eats meat is brother to the butcher. But let's not get starry-eyed imagining that robots make our trousers and smartphones. Even if it were - which is, for the aforementioned reasons, doubtful - it would not be worth turning over the medical records of 50M people to an unregulated private company without so much as a by-your-leave. He really hasn't. His ordinary proof has already been debunked, repeatedly and in detail, so now he's spinning a bunch of bullshit to convince the foolishly credulous they should trust him in spite of the plain facts of the matter. I'm not sure why Andresen's reputation has anything to do with the presence or absence of irrefutable cryptographic proof. In the event, such proof is not merely absent but has been shown to be falsified , which is both dispositive of bad faith on Wright's part, and totally in keeping with his own reputation. He's a con man. This is a con. What more do you need, a couple stone tablets and a mountaintop? Only if you opt not to use strict dependency injection, and strict DI has been best practice for quite a while now. Yes, and it's scoped by either domain or (rarely used) types from the schema.org ontology. You can't use it to just search the web. Neat. Now it's just a matter of dealing with the absurdly low free usage limit and absurdly expensive paid tier. Photoshop-driven development is still a common practice in the mobile space? That's horrifying. That doesn't impugn the model. Using Bootstrap to cover the 90% case, rather than building from scratch, lets you spend more time and effort on solid UX, rather than having to reinvent basic UI from the ground up. Nope. You have to pay .005 BTC to register a document. And who forced Wright to claim he was Satoshi? > it still sounds like a legitimate suicide note "Sounds". Let's not forget the guy's a con man. No, they're the "social sharing" scores from the strip along the left hand side of the article page. If you're not very careful about how you highlight the title of the article, you'll get them too when you copy and paste. They aren't part of the title and will presumably be removed when a moderator notices. Possible you live in a bubble. (Or more than possible. I mean, you're treating Reddit as representative.) I've seen a couple of custom-assembled vapes out and about, and a hell of a lot of gas station disposables. Because I don't want to breathe your diacetyl and propylene glycol mist any more than you want to breathe my cigarette smoke. No doubt. After all, it plainly doesn't suit your prejudice on the matter. Mind those goalposts, now. We're talking about no-smoking areas, not no-driving streets. When asthmatics start leaving thick, persistent clouds of inhaler mist behind them as they walk, you'll have a point there. But my totally scientific survey of the Head-Fi forums says you're wrong! More specifically, the problem is the combination of Ruby making it very easy to monkey-patch and apply magic, and a community which more or less ubiquitously encourages gem authors to use those facilities as promiscuously as they like. Either in isolation would be dangerous; the combination is lethal. Not OP, but my guess is that would count as "in the weeds right off the bat"; the impression I get is that a lot of Rails's value proposition revolves around being able to start using it without actually needing to know or understand very much. (Which is not a bad thing, exactly! Its power as a rapid prototyping tool comes in large part from this trait. Unfortunately, so does its strong tendency to produce unmaintainable code.) Sunrise, sunset? It's showing you the one you asked for. "Invasive" here is a term of medical art, referring specifically to entry into the body. Sampling exhaled VOCs in free air is thus non-invasive in the medical sense. However long it takes to go from academic proof of concept to commercial product, and not a minute longer. The on-screen keyboard belongs to the app, which therefore knows about anything you type with the keyboard, and in theory could transmit that information to Google. I'd be amazed to see that get past App Store review, though. Unless you walk around wearing a license plate around your neck, I'm not sure how it's relevant here. Why would it need to be changed to force interconnectedness of email? Email has always been federated. I don't get your objection here. Not only does high-performance mode eliminate OS-level confounders that would otherwise render consumption deltas highly questionable, it does so in a way that produces worst-case results. What exactly are you complaining about? What about all the extra server round trips that have to happen when you build for the 1997 web? Do those save power? Not only that, but now you have a solid natural language parser to tell whether you need the optional 'e' before the 'y' in the first word! If you mean mobile device emulation, it's the second icon from the left on the dev tools toolbar, or Ctrl-Shift-M while the dev tools are open. It doesn't work very well in my experience, but it's there. No, not that Winamp, the pre-AOL one. It got worse after AOL bought Nullsoft, I grant, but it wasn't anything special before; it might've been the best of a bad lot, but nostalgia aside, that doesn't make it good . The Thunderbolt adapter is $30. USB adapters are even cheaper. Given how rarely I find myself actually using Ethernet on my MBP, I'm perfectly happy to trade off the need for a dongle for a laptop half as thick as it would have to be to fit an internal Ethernet port. Another +1 for Ting. I signed up back in February or so and they've been just brilliant across multiple phones, including one situation where, due to a replacement for bogued hardware, the IMEI changed but the ICCID didn't - their website doesn't handle that very well, but their customer support took care of it via website chat in five minutes, which certainly counts as a win. I'm paying a third what I was with Sprint, and even buying the phone up front, I come out ahead; if you're looking for a better option, and Sprint has coverage where you are, Ting is definitely worth a look. The Pro line offers considerably beefier processors and graphics chipsets, and more memory, than the Air or just-plain-MacBook lines do. I don't know what kind of very serious work you're talking about that can't be done at all with less than 150Mbps symmetric, not even for a minute - but in a decade and a half in this industry, I have yet to meet anyone who does it. So I'm willing to surmise that it's a very serious niche specialty, whatever it is. You'll probably have to sink considerable money into whatever laptop you want to do this kind of very serious work on, but you'll be happy to know that Thunderbolt 2 can handily support 10Gbps, and such interfaces are readily available. Of course, they come at a premium price, but you're getting paid well enough for your very serious work that that doesn't pose you a major problem, I'm sure. > RESTful interface should offer a simple forms-based interface for testing There are plenty of tools which can serve this need. Why complicate every implementation with duplicative functionality? Consider additionally using RAID-1 to increase short-term stability with potentially untrustworthy drives. Not only do you not have to restore from backup as often, you get a nice read rate boost besides! I've had it happen. It taught me a hard lesson about keeping backups. That's a pretty bold allegation to make without support. > Have ten developers on staff, each with an HN account? I think that's what HN calls a "voting ring" and attempts to detect and counteract. Isn't that basically all punk, though? Inasmuch as punk still exists, that is. If you just buy the albums, you're simultaneously engaging in self-abuse and subsidizing the people smart enough to go to the shows, where actual enjoyment is to be had. And, to the extent you let on that this is what you do, you're identifying yourself as an oblivious trend-follower who confuses the trappings of someone else's broken idea of "cool" with anything that actually matters - the musical-taste equivalent of The Office 's Michael Scott. Or have I missed something here? The article seems to go out of its way to imply that East Side is the maleficiary of structural discrimination. But: > A mile away, students at the racially mixed Cleveland High have these basics [textbooks, lockers], even though the school receives more than $3,000 less per student each year than East Side does, according to the school district. $3k/student seems like it should be enough to buy textbooks and lockers. I'd be interested to know first whether the school district's claim is accurate, and second, if so (and given this is the Atlantic, were there evidence of that claim being false, I would expect to see it mentioned), how it comes to be that East Side receives more funding than Cleveland High but seems to be doing less with it. I'm not sure that forcibly upheaving the existing arrangement wholesale is the most effective available solution here. It's been done - see Gary Bernhardt's "The Birth and Death of Javascript". We also have many orders of magnitude more computing power on which to implement the concepts behind those buzzwords. Maybe it'll make a difference. You're claiming those ideas as original? The (currently embryonic) Permissions API [1] looks like it's aimed at precisely this use case. [1] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions... Not all of my devices make it possible to disable WebRTC, which makes defense in depth a necessity. Can you provide pointers to more information? As long as you don't need good interop, JSON Schema can be pretty great. (If you need interop, it's not, because none of the tools seem to implement unspecified behavior the same way.) I find myself seriously wondering whether the Vice author intended readers to sympathize with his subjects, or despise them. Partly I think this might be just my bias, inasmuch as I opted against taking on a six-figure debt load as my first adult act, and have discovered that not going to college is hardly the kiss of career death it's made out to be. But I really don't think you have to be me to find someone who got his parents to co-sign that six-figure debt load, then skipped the country and left them holding the bag, almost beneath contempt. You have the option of not taking on student debt, too. Where is information lost? Delivered branches aren't deleted, so full history information is available - it just doesn't clutter trunk by merging in every commit. Casting a college education as a matter of life and death is an excellent example of the kind of rhetoric which produces results like those under discussion. Oh. Well, that explains why I've been dead these past fifteen years, instead of making a good living as a software developer with a high-school education. But totally unrepresentative, the plural of anecdote, et cetera, of course. I must simply be one of the privileged 95%. Whoops, yeah, you're right. I was looking at the screencast and didn't see an explicit deletion, and mistook that for there not being one at all. Not at all, though I think many more can (and do) than are given credit for being able to. But I'm enough to disprove the overheated "get a college degree or you'll die!" stuff that's flying around right now. > AutoHotKey? It sort of works, but you're much better off doing it in the registry: https://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/MovingTheCtrlKey#toc18 Neat, thanks. Agreed. How else to explain people who seem actually to believe there are no jobs anywhere that don't require a degree? The initial usage is correct; credit card companies could care less about customers who pay off their balances every month, because such customers generate negligible revenue and are thus on the whole a nuisance. Bamboo is expensive, but worth it. Jenkins is a pale shadow by comparison, although I agree that Jenkins 2 is a lot better than 1.x. You're right, of course; I failed to remember that credit card issuers make money on both sides of the transaction. What I should've said is that customers who pay off every month generate negligible interest revenue, which makes them less valuable than those who revolve balances. Sovereignty is widely considered an obsolete concept. Yes, and we call these "most Christians". Dispensationalism of whatever stripe is pretty unusual, for all that it was heavily discussed last decade. In which browser? Modern implementations shouldn't even make that possible. > what if a terrorist would just detonate a bomb before the security lines I gather the idea is that, while a bomb in the security cattle chute might kill hundreds, it's still preferable to a hijacked aircraft which can be used to kill thousands. Of course the dichotomy is false for all manner of reasons. But that seems to be the underlying concept. There are several, but none currently available for iOS, at least not through the app store. (I don't know if you care about iOS, but it's the platform I jumped to when Palm ceased to be sustainable.) The Palm OS emulator for Windows and Linux can probably still be made to work, although in the latter case, good luck getting it to run in the absence of suitably decrepit shared library versions which your distro's package manager probably no longer provides - your best bet might be to find a DVD image of a distribution from 2003 or so, and install that in a VM to support the emulator. Linux RPMs can be had via Sourceforge [1]. Windows binaries are apparently available from several sources; the one provided by download.cnet.com [2] appears to be free of social diseases and reasonably functional. (It'll complain about a missing skins directory, but there's a generic skin packaged with the application which will work for your purposes.) You'll also need a ROM image. To my outright astonishment, some of these appear still to be available on the web! [3] "Palm OS 3.5-en-color.rom" boots successfully in the Windows emulator. And, finally, you'll need the Space Trader application itself. If you don't still have a copy, it remains available for download on the developer's site [4]. Once you have it, extract the version of your choice from the zipfile - the color version works fine with the ROM I mentioned. Then (at least on Windows) right-click the emulator chrome and choose "Install Application/Database", then "Other...", and navigate to the extracted .prc file. The emulator will load the app into the virtual Palm's memory, and then you can just click the icon to run it. It seems to work quite well! There are also several variably crummy knockoffs of Space Trader available for iOS, none of which does a good job capturing what made the Palm version fun. I keep meaning to reimplement it as a browser app or something, but... [1] https://sourceforge.net/projects/pose/files/pose/3.5-2/ [2] http://download.cnet.com/Palm-OS-Emulator/3000-2212_4-101114... [3] http://artnetweb.com/gh/palm_emulator/roms%20Folder/Popular%... [4] http://ticc.uvt.nl/~pspronck/spacetrader/STDownload.html Maybe I'm missing something, but isn't the .git/config file local to a given working copy? The helper scripts are neat and all, but I don't see anything here that would actually propagate this metadata anywhere. Good thing it's nonsense, then. > are there producers of 8" floppy media anymore? It would appear so, and in the US, yet: http://www.athana.com/html/diskette.html#8 > your one friend who got drunk and in a bar fight and charged with assault when he was 20 ...doesn't have a felony record, even if he was convicted, because simple assault is a misdemeanor charge. The cases really aren't parallel. (The rest of this comment seemed general enough to promote to top level: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11780434 ) It seems like a lot of people want to excuse Uber in this case, or want to build around it an argument that we should be forgiving and not judge convicted felons overly harshly, lest we make it impossible for them to rebuild their lives. While I have some sympathy for the latter argument in particular, basing such arguments on Hemming's situation strikes me as unwise. In five minutes or so on the Maryland state district courts' website, we discover that Hemming has considerable form [1], mostly around unlawful possession of controlled substances and prescription forgery, although there is a domestic abuse prosecution which doesn't appear to have gone to trial [2], probably because it was treated as mutual combat [3] and both parties chose to drop charges. Would you feel safe in a car with this man? Would you trust this man to drive a car for your hire service? Would you consider it unreasonable to expect five minutes' due diligence of Uber? [1] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquirySearc... . [2] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquiryDetai... . [3] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquiryDetai... . You wouldn't mind placing your life in the hands of someone with a documented history of both predilection for consciousness-altering substances, and poor future time orientation and impulse control? ...well, you're braver than I am, that's for sure. This isn't mainstream; it's barely behind the bleeding edge. Mainstream is Express, Angular 1.5, and Browserify, and you can have it up and running in five minutes, maybe fifteen if you don't have Node installed. None of which, in this context, matters; none of those is in scope where the function is defined, so it won't be closing over them anyway. Spammers often strip dot aliases in my experience. This doesn't seem like doing anything to solve that problem. I mean, if citigroup.joe gets dot-stripped, then citigroup@mailhero.io gets that spam instead of joe, but odds are joe will just end up getting somebody else's spam anyway, so it's not really much of a win unless you're careful to pick a username that won't be used as an alias, and then you have the problem of having to give out addresses like citigroup.rkcj92o8I@mailhero.io. Not seeing the value prop over Mailinator. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Well, I've gotten spam that had it stripped; the name was a bogus one that I gave out in combination with a specific dot-aliased address, but the address in the To: header was without the alias. I can't say how often it happens, but with major mail providers (including Google, IIRC) widely known to support arbitrary dot aliases for throwaway addressing, it seems like a reasonable ploy from the spammer's point of view. Yeah, I'm not sure what that's about either. It seems far too thorough to be accidental, but the association is a strange one for a command line utility. I suppose it might make sense if the logo is designed for consumption by people who don't know much about computers, but that's really not something which can accurately be said of the thing the logo is for, so... Well, it's ill-formed, so what the UA does with it isn't really specified; cURL presumably treats it as a path relative to . because that's what the developer(s) decided that cURL should do. (For comparison, Firefox transforms it into file:///resolv.conf, then tries to find /resolv.conf on localhost and fails.) Here in Baltimore, the usual benefits fraud method involves small shop owners willing to claim false purchases to a given value, then disburse an equal value in cash partly to the benefits claimant and partly to themselves as a profit - so, yeah, you actually can just turn your SNAP card into cash, albeit at a sizable discount. No doubt the same is true of a Bridge card. Theft and onselling of stolen goods is enough to make you question humanity? You really are naïve. But if there are multiple candidate completions, you don't get a list of them, the way you do from with no glob - it just completes unconditionally to the first candidate. That sure is a list of things. It may not be extreme, but it sure is agile. That or sulfur dioxide, yeah. I've smelled the latter in an office that doubled as a data center, when one of the UPSs' charge regulation circuit went wonky and overdrove its batteries. That's probably not a major asphyxiation risk unless you're trapped in a room with it, though, because, unlike inert gases like helium or nitrogen, sulfur compounds are irritating as hell - a UPS boiling its batteries will send you fleeing for the nearest source of fresh air, with eyes and nose streaming, before it'll suffocate you.