Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;) didn't know I could do that. Completely new to working with the maps. I've made a few of the more minor changes you recommended (including the scrolling), and just uploaded it to the server, but I think the fonts/images, etc is going to take me some time. Probably won't get that sorted today. But you've really opened my eyes, shawndrost, I can't thank you enough. I'll be making lots of changes over the next few days I'm sure. I've been working on adding some social features beyond just sharing links on Facebook and Friendfeed - hopefully in the next few weeks. Hey Kp, date range is on the way, working out some bugs, but hopefully by the end of next week. There is a genre filter, but i need to pair it down, there are WAY too many options. Lots of other sites do the band search, not sure if I'll add that in, though you aren't the first to mention it. Lots of great UI ideas coming from this post. I'll be playing with LOTS of different ideas over the next little bit. I've noticed a few odd results creep in myself. I'll work on that. Thanks Yeah, this is the unfortunate effect of how the artists have entered there data into MySpace - not sure who I can fix that. When artists supply good data (which seems to be the majority), things work well. Google maps seems to default to the US when searching for locations, so I'm guessing that entering UK into a geo-search isn't a rarity for you.. is that right. I'll see if I can get some sort of filter that tries to pick the name with the greatest population or something. That makes much more sense. Have a good time at the show. The site works for Copenhagen 1081 shows listed. I assume you mean the geocoding couldn't find you? If it didn't find you on the first visit, i set a cookie for future visits so you don't have to type the address again. Hey JKent, At the moment this is an actual working interface for MySpace music. But I'll be adding more features in the near future which extend beyond that. utnick! I'm so disappointed the songs don't work for you. You're the second person to report that. I'm also on FF 3.0.1 & flash 9, but on XP - I'm probably going to make a big change so that this isn't an issue anymore, but it might take a week or so - hopefully not more. Hey Louisloius, Apprently your comment points to our opposing attitudes, as I commented on mixturtle that you had too much below the fold. ;) I don't think users should have to scroll to see content, particularly when there is a sub-scroll and a map. I think it would suck if you scolled down, selected an address, had to scroll back up to get to see the location, or the player(I originally had my player inline like you have on mixturtle, but wasn't a huge fan of it that way, preferring the consistent location for the control). Having said all that, your site looks way better than mine, so I definately take your critique seriously. I've already started piecing together a new layout, but with the additional features I have coming, it is only getting heavier. :( My original had the map seperate form the controls, and I may return to that. Thanks - hope all is going well with mixturtle. After the absolute DESTRUCTION i've taken over the design here - which is GREAT, i don't want design holding this back. I've updated the look - actually reverted to an old look with some of the input changes made from recommendations here. I hope this one is better recieved :) Still has some tweaking to be done, but a few simple changes give it a whole new look. Hope you like this one better. I'm going to have to do some playing with this Maro - you could be right about clicking meaning you go to another page. I'm not sure. I changed the layout yesterday to a smaller map. it definately cleans things up, that's for sure. I have no idea why my logo is pixelated, but thanks for pointing that out. Web-searches aren't getting me anywhere in resolving that yet. In photoshop I'm doing the 'save for web' at 72 dpi, so I thought that was supposed to take care of that. Any ideas? With the beating my site review took yesterday, I'll clearly be spending a ton of time in your design section, and I clearly need help in the marketing as well. Great resource. Your javascript scroll-up (I'm assuming that's what it is) isn't working on my XP/Firefox 3.0, so the page is littered with lings and huge. Assuming this is your site toddo... This is interesting. Twitter limited the length of its posts (i believe) due to limitations in SMS and Texting. What you have done is to put a limitation on users just as a product differentiator (I believe). This is actually more innovative than I believe you will probably be given credit for. Forcing people to be concise and get to the point, but now allowing for a new medium. Nice work I like the nice clean lines - above the fold anyway, then I think it gets confusing as you scroll down and the main articles move left, and what I think are less popular articles (thinner items) move into the center. Your eye doesn't go smoothly down the page. Also, as you probably know, most people won't customize the news sources, so maybe do that as an accordian or something like that. That would also make the 'people in the news' section move up the page nicely. It may also be more interesting if you could add images to the article listing. Good work, and good luck. I've been using hostip.info, but have had mixed results - it's free. I suspect i'll be moving to a paid service in the future. What do you mean by 'custom'? Have you looked at the open Alexa, Yahoo BOSS, or other search engines that allow you to interact with them programatically? Hey mstefff, you've clearly done a good ob with the PR so far, getting yourself on Lifehacker and Webware - any tips on how you managed that? I've also always been curious as to what % increase sites see as a result of getting on Lifehacker, and how much of that traffic remains visitors a month later. My initial reaction to your site (this time around, I couldn't really make much sense of it before) is that it likely just isn't sticky enough. Though I agree that the 'communities' are way over done, you've included a sign-up to customize option, so you are gathering user details. Your site has the opportunity to serve users who have signed up, and those who have not. You don't have to be a social network to be a community, but I think you should be leveraging the 'community' that you have. For instance - when I come to your site now, it offers me the opportunity to sign-up, or to click on one of the above icons. Wouldn't your site be stickier if when I first come to the site it tells me what you suspect I am looking for? I'm not much of an investor, but your users should be, therefore I should be able to come to your site and be shown a few things that the community is currently finding interesting. Everybody benefits from that kind of stuff- new users and return visitors. As I see it now, i can get quotes and news from a number of sites. But if you were to aggregate into a popularity list somehow (it can be done!), or recent activity, etc. that might bring people back to your site more often. Doesn't have to be a social network, but even the news sites show you stuff they think you'd be interested in right off the bat. Right now I go to your site and i have to decide what I want to look at. You're probably loosing people right there. Hey Okeumeni, How many 'vertical' search sites is intelliverb going to be launching? Maybe it would be better to provide HN with a list of all the sites, rather than an individual post showing off another one of your sites every day. Particularly as the sites are all the same with the exception of the logo and each serving a different vertical market. I posted a 'rate my start-up' for HearWhere.com a few weeks ago. The feedback I got was brutal, but awesome! I've made some minor changes as a result, and have been working on a major release. Of course I saw a small increase in traffic as a result of the post, which dropped off quickly, within a few days. I'm not a lawyer, but had to do a bunch of legal research regarding this topic for some of my sites. I think what most of the responses so far are missing is the importance of accrediting the content to the content owner (likely the site, not the contributing users), and providing a link to the source. Check out this pdf http://www.law.berkeley.edu/journals/btlj/articles/vol16/sab... ">Sableman's authorized linking and search on Google v. Perfect 10. You haven't really given much to go on with respect to what you are scraping, and what you plan to do with it. But I think a bunch of common sense and ensuring that your site in no way harms the original source's site (defamation, etc), are the most important things to consider. Hope this helps. I think what you are going for is something like viewzi's screenshot presentation of search? But maybe not, your 'Usage' page says I can use your service as a host for screenshots? Either way, I entered a site, and even looking at your gadget demo, all I'm getting is 'screenshot is queued for processing. Maybe you are getting tons of hits right now, but unfortunately, this seems to me to be much more difficult than just grabbing a screenshot and hosting it myself. Maybe you can expand for me on why I would use this. I think I'm missing the point. I suspect I'm not the only one. if you want to do this kind of stuff, why not go with Yahoo BOSS or something similar. You could theoretically do some of the sorting you were hoping to do. I'd be tempted to add TC, Mashable and the like to that as well. Though the stories are good, how many HN readers also visit those sites anyway. Maybe a grey-list for anything linking to those sites, and then one of the top 100 users needs to vote it up in order for the article to be white-listed? Something like that? Unfortunately, that means that the most dedicated users are burdened in cleaning things up for the rest of the community, but by definition, they are already dedicated and would probably/hopefully like the site cleaned up for everybody. I'm curious where the 'Rate my start-ups' fit into this? Do people like them? Or do you find this to not be the best venue to view them. I posted my start-up here and the feedback I got was amazing, but that doesn't mean the community wants that stuff here. my initial reaction to this was 'what does the carrier pigeons paragraph have to do with anything'? This doesn't tell me anything about what the site does, and you almost lost me there. Then I decided to go back and take a deeper look because I thought it had something to do with mapping (even after reading the full title - short term memory). So if I were you (and I assume you posted it here for feedback), I'd tell people what the site does right at the top, and though PingMyMap is a pretty good domain name, i think it is not great branding because it is a distant metaphor for what you are doing. 'searchenginerefresher.com', or 'ichangedmysite.com' (both available, i just checked) or something along those lines would probably be better. When i hear 'map', the last thing I think of is sitemap, and you don't want it pinged, you want it indexed. I'm not a fan of the design either, as it has a dirty and old look to it, and I would suspect you would want users to think you were on the cutting edge, rather than a relic. Michael, Neither of the options you have provided would equate to 'giving up'. So I would give a definate NO to giving up. Treating your project as a research project does not equate to giving up. I don't know enough about this market/competitors/technology/market size, etc to define what you should do going forward. The question I think you should be asking is 'is this a viable business'. I suspect most of the YC community who are telling you to go for it! are potentially speaking from a start-up attitude of 'live the dream' etc. etc. They may be right, but not every business is a good business. Your technology might be the best out there, I just don't know. Personally, I wasn't blown-away by the demos, but I'm not saying that to be harsh, just that from my perspective, I'm not seeing your competitive advantage. You've put a bunch of work into this, and it may be the best in the market and able to make a significant contribution to the world. Does your university have a business school, or entrepreneurs club or something? Maybe you could get somebody there to help with defining the market and business planning. Maybe you can give us some insight into what your differentiators are. What is going to make Begin Up different from say 'killerstartups, launchfeed, etc. the challenge in this space for anybody is getting enough users to make the community valuable. I think something like this is needed, but in many ways already exists, but doesn't have enough traction to make it effective. For example, on killerstartups, nobody ever leaves comments, but the site does decent traffic, so personally I find the value of the site to be minimal. I agree with aaroneous - digg meets YC news = YC news. going to the site now, the 'Top Chat Rooms' is empty, and I don't see any other directory of chat rooms, and the tags is also empty. Makes it pretty difficult to give you any feedback. I think having the 'my settings' so prominently focused on the bottom of the page is a bit of overkill. Better to have that link to another page. But without any content, it is difficult to give a review. I'm not a qualified expert, but it does somewhat depend on the market you are after, how integrated ads are in the site, etc. For example (assuming standard banner ads), if you are talking about using adwords for content based ads, you are likely going to be looking at a $1-4CPM (is my understanding). However, if you are more of a social network tool, etc. it seems the CPM's are MUCH lower, in the 0.05 - 0.75 range. If you provide a solid branding opportunity for advertisers (likely targeting a very specific market), you could be looking at a $7-9CPM. This is what i have gathered from my limited research and discussions with friends in marketing. though this article starts out well, I seem to be missing the connection to the conclusion Adam (the author) draws. He seems to be insinuating that the Pioneer mentality should bootstrap, while Settlers should go for Investment/Acquisition. Buy I really don't think these things are as seperate as Adam insinuates. What about bootstrapping until you are ready for investment/acquisition? Isn't that the more common path? Are these things really that different. I don't have an iphone, so haven't checked out the app store yet. But i assume Apple has built some iPhone review stuff into the store, seeing as they went to all the trouble of building the 'most popular app', 'most popular free app', etc. I think you are building for a very small niche market and would have difficulty gaining significant advertising dollars and page views. I should have mentioned in the previous post that my understanding is that without a 20k+ views per day it is VERY difficult to get sponsors on your site. The 'iPhone app review' portion could be a part of a larger service offering 'all things iPhone' (though I suspect this already exists too) - sell cases/protectors, bluetooth headsets, etc. via Amazon and get affiliate commissions, maybe there are other revenue streams for you as well. My gut instinct tells me that you are in large company and will be fighting for a miniscule portion of a moderate pie. But don't trust my gut, do your research, you may be on to something, or your research may lead you to even bigger fish. Your thoughts on 'back-up market of companies who wish to advertise to affluent consumers' misses the targeted point of the value of the CPM is based on the ability to offer advertisers more than just a place to put an ad in front of affluent potential customers. I believe that if the advertising is off-target, your CPMs would be significantly lower. Also, i doubt the app store will have the long-term success it has seen in the short term. When was the last time the average (non-geek) friend of yours bought an app for there computer? When was the last time YOU did? Look at Facebook apps. All the rage when facebook launched, then everybody got sick of them. Maybe do a comparison of how many facebook apps are launching now vs. a year ago. That should be a good indication of where the App store is going (in my opinion). There is very little that needs to be done natively on the device these days. We'll likely have a hybrid of web/native but I hope a few plugins will provide all the native code necessary to run most apps (I'm thinking about writting a plugin myself). But lets do a bit of research anyway to get you moving further along. I google searched for iPhone apps and got a bunch of sites doing reviews - then put apprater.com & appsafari.com into compete.com to get a monthly page views estimate. AppSafari shows about 57k visits/month and apprater shows almost 18k/month. So reviewing the more successful site - that 57 views for 4.5 pages per user - about 8.5k page views per day X $7CPM = $60 per day. HOWEVER, I'd say that is a VERY high estimate. Maybe you can do a MUCH better job than appsafari, but they are already in the market and have a surprisingly high number of eyeballs for what there site offers (personal opinion). You are also competing with sites such as CNET, etc which have iPhone app directories. Having said all that. I've launched my start-up "HearWhere.com" into a market where there is already an incumbent, and more joining on a regular basis (even a YC supported competitor). I have a competitive advantage and felt the competitors offerings were weak. I'm hoping to launch a new version of the site into Beta late next week which will put even more distance between myself and competitors. What I'm saying is that if you feel you have a true competitive advantage or opportunity to differentiate yourself in this space, then go for it. If you're not sure about separating yourself from the bunch, than you probably have more work to do. An idea I read today through YC relating to Google (I can't remember exactly which article I read) - basically said don't go after revenue, serve the market first, then go for the revenue. I like that you are planning ahead to make sure the revenue will be there, but I think that may be a bit premature unless you know that the market exists first. Don't just assume that because appsafari has 60k visits, that you'll get the same. Getting people to switch is going to be the biggest challenge for you, and appsafari isn't even the biggest fish to fry - CNET, Wired, etc I suspect are all in this space as well as it already feeds into there user base. Hopefully somebody more experienced than myself will be able to give you further help and direction with this, and even refute what I've said. a few things I'll have to disagree with you on. 1) I never questioned the viability of the platform - this is definitely something that can be made. I do question the viability of it as a business if you are relying ONLY on ad revenue. However, adding additional revenue streams will increase the value and possibly serve your market better than advertising. My initial reaction is not 'this is going to be a star', but you could have a viable business here, I'm not your target market, and can't relate to what you are doing. You probably don't read mtbr.com or pinkbike.com, I do, you might not have thought those to be viable businesses, but they are. 2) I'd suggest re-reading your paragraph which starts 'My reasoning...'. firstly, who reads reviews for something they aren't keenly interested in? and the only people I know who have iPhones have them, but use them just like any other phone, meaning they don't install apps, or read about iPhones etc.. I have a blackberry and don't install applications, I don't look at blackberry focused sites AT ALL, and I am a geek! secondly, you can't just take the total number of phones and say that is the potential market. Everybody uses toilet paper, but the market opportunity is not 9 billion people. iPhone and Android are not the first players in this market. I'd take a closer look at sites that do what you are thinking of doing for Windows Mobile, Blackberry and Symbian devices (even though you have identified differentiators, look at what has been done to help define opportunity size). These devices already have a larger user base with 118 million devices sold in '07 so 10 times larger than iPhone currently. Also, don't be fooled by Apple marketing/PR and the way the numbers read. 10 million devices sold is more like 7 million users. I had gone through 3 iPods before most people had bought their first one, fanboys buy the newest thing they can get. Also, the planned obsolescence of mobile devices is 18 months, so when they say '100 million sold in two years', that likely means 50 million users. It's not how many devices HAVE been sold that matters, it how many devices came onto the market in the year (or 1.5 years) that is the important figure in mobile (I've done some mobile consulting). So i actually just tried this with Blackberry and Symbian, and interestingly, the largest sites I found (quick search) has about 40k montly visits. Similar to the size of the top iPhone reviews site. This suggests to me that opportunity size is in the 30-80k range. Something to think about...are more people going to use read/write reviews BECAUSE your site is better? or are you going to be getting users from other sites because your site is better. It's an important difference, and will help estimate market size. For my site, I postulate that finding live music and deciding to go see a concert is a poor experience, but that if people had a better way to find out who's playing, sample the music, etc. they would go see more shows. So for my site, I say 'with a better experience more people on a whole will use an online tool to accomplish this task'. Rather than saying 'I'll be able to grab x amount of users from other sites which do similar things, but don't offer as good an experience'. You've defined the opportunity where current sites are missing the boat, so that's good. You've got a target you are aiming for. You'll find more opportunities as you dig into this I'm sure. You'll also find challenges to things like categorization and taxonomy - who knows, maybe you've already got a solution to these challenges. What I think is interesting is that I suspect that as you go down this road, you may find greater opportunities than you are originally planning. Categorization can be VERY challenging, it is something I am struggling with on my site (your electronic music example is perfect!). So if you have identified a method for managing categorization, maybe the app review site is just an opportunity to flush out managing categorization, and maybe that will be your long term business. I can't answer your last question about 'will it be enough'? Only you and your partner can decide that. If you have the ability, I would suggest building something and getting it out there while hanging on to your day job. Building is often the easy part, the challenges can come in actually getting people to use your site. If you build something great, maybe you can make a living, maybe you can get investors involved. If you don't build anything, you likely won't get either. Costs of developing something like this should be very low (hopefully you will code it up yourself). This would probably be a good opportunity to try something like google app engine. There is no reason for them to use an iPhone, but I'm sure there is a ton of unsold iPod Touch devices they could use. I assume the functionality shouldn't be too difficult for them to port, as it is likely mostly web based (they aren't storing the store in each device I'm sure), all they would need would be an add-on to scan barcodes and a program to translate them. In PHP i've used both SendMail and SwiftMailer. Both seem to do a decent job of getting mail delivered into mail and not marked as spam. Pandora could license their Music Genome (back-end that decides what tracks get played), to other companies, or go the 'songza/mixturtle/skreemr/seeqpod route and just link to music which is already freely available. They tried going the considerate route and payed the highest royalty fees to the labels. Pandora has tried to do everything on the up and up, and they just keep getting battered because of it. I think how the community defines itself should drive the decisions of what gets submitted. How would you describe 'hacker news' to a friend who hadn't heard of it before. I'd say 'it's a social news site like digg or reddit, but it focuses on cs/it/hacking and start-up technology news'. I think having a tagline which describes hacker news might guide new members to post appropriate items. If you came to Hacker News and didn't know what it was all about, you might be inclined to post anything. But as rokhayakebe said, the quality is pretty good, now maybe it's just a matter of keeping it that way. My gut reaction is that there should be a non-technical solution, rather than a 'password sharing site'. The concept of 'password' and 'sharing' goes pretty much against what people 'should' be doing with passwords. I'm not familiar with any systems which don't allow more than one 'super-user' account, so I'm wondering why you wouldn't just have more than one 'super-user'. One account for you (as the main responsible party), and one 'super-user' account to be used in emergency situations only, which can be provided to the site/app/server owner. Would that not solve the problem you are attempting to address? so that sad and unfortunate thing seems to be that we all keep falling for it. And the more we comment, the more people are baited...ooopps, my bad :( A pretty horrible list with maybe a few bright spots (mint, freerice). The list really shows how heavy the style/shopping environment is. Not sure if this actually reflects the popularity of this space, or just that there are too many start-ups? If I were you I wouldn't mention competitors and how you differ, as you are then 1) promoting competitors and 2) branding yourself vs. the competition, rather than just defining yourself. Having said that. my quesion was specifically, how many people are going to be reviewing the site for $450? Different people take a different view of websites/apps, so having a small group of users is a huge benefit, vs. being reviewed by just one person. I wouldn't want to watch 210 minutes of video, but for $450 would expect the video (or whatever else you supply) would be shortened to the most important feedback, and maybe have the full video available if a client wants to watch it. I would have said that I might have been a potential client, but with only one person reviewing the site, I don't see the value being inline with the cost. I wasn't familiar with parameterized sql, but am looking closer now. Initial searches are not providing much as a guide. Anybody have any good links to resources? The best I found was http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/000275.html but I'm hoping to get something that better describes what I should be doing with parameterized sql. Thanks Maybe you could clarify what you mean with an example. Are you looking for data that already is geocoded? if so, what type of data are you looking for? Or are you looking for ways to geo code data that you already have? I think looking for data that may or may not exist is the wrong way to go about your mash-up. Hopefully you already know what you want to mash. I wouldn't quote this article, or even use it as a guide. 'Over 30' is far to broad a demographic, and phone companies are targetting devices to different age groups. I would suspect the iPhone market is targetted at 18-40 year olds (though more heavily in the 18-30 range), while blackberry is working on 30-50 range. Just like most technology, the younger the user, the more features they are going to use. But saying 'Over 30' is pretty meaningless. 403 permission denied error. Keen to see it though :) Aren't most of these sites using 'Demo' as the launch platform? Therefore, why would they be expected to have more than this up before they launched. Maybe the policy of releasing the list of Demo presenters on the weekend before the conference is more the problem than the presenting sites websites. Would Scoble have been pissed if he showed up at the Olympics in June and there was no sports going on? Patience young grasshopper. I went back to this and it is pretty good. I definately like the look with tilt disabled, but unfortunately you lack a bit of depth when that happens as all of the 'behind' images have the same height. I think you could do a few things to make this look better. 1) have the height of the images fall away more with 'tilt disabled' 2) have some sort of shadow effect with tilt enabled and disabled to show more depth. Also, transition from one item to the next is smooth, but when you jump two or more items, it becomes very jerky. Maybe slower animation would help this. But nice work. I'm sure that is a very challenging project. My first reaction was - ok looking site...what is it, so you hit it right with the wwwaaa???? I took the time to find out what you are doing as I am in this space as well (launching a new version today too). I think you should put on your main page somewhere what you are doing, who it's for, etc. Even after being to your site and reading your 'about' page, as a consumer, I'm not sure why I would go. That needs to be made clear I think. A month and a half ago I posted a "rate my start-up" post here on YC, and the response was amazing. I went back to the drawing board and rebuilt the site. Unfortunately two features haven't made it in yet (select a date range, and get a better way to manage genres), but there have been MAJOR changes to what the site offers and how it works. Thanks to all who commented originally, hope you like the new version, and I'm keen to get any feedback on what I can do to make it better. Pete Thanks Max, First off, let me apologize for the stupid mistake with the 'next' page not working. I think I've fixed it now. Testing this morning after google launched a new version of the Map API which broke my site, so ...anyway, my bad...bad me... I laughed at the 'favicon colors suck' comment, I just haven't had a chance to get a good new favicon going, so I left the old one. I have two questions for you 1) what would I do with the avatar I would create? you mean for a new logo? or as an avatar? or just stick it somewhere?? 2) the site should have shown you musicians in your town, if google could't find you by IP address, than it would show you everything. Or were you saying that it wouldn't show you this or next weekend because of the 'next' buttons not showing up? Hopefully I'll be able to get 'date ranges' going in the next few weeks, but if you select the 'day' from the filter, it should give you the shows in your area. Thanks again for the comments. I likely won't be doing a FULL redo of the site again, but I'll be doing another review and will be making more changes of course. there is always more to come. by weekly digest, I'm guessing you mean - what's coming to my town that suits me? If so, I sure hope so. Very challenging thing to do (I think), but I love a good challenge! thanks for the comments shawn, unfortunately ads can't go on 'secondary' pages (I'm pretty sure) as you aren't allowed to load adsense in an ajax request (terms of use). When you say 'kill one of the artist sections' you mean kill one of the styles? or actually get rid of a section? I might not be understanding what you mean by orange-top, which you mention twice, but I'm guessing you mean the artist you just selected which shows with an orange bar at the top? I think people might get lost if I don't show them what the artist is that all the new data is pointing too. I think you've filtered out some of the best stuff, I personally really like all the ask stuff. Having one image of the site being linked too on the left with the content on the right or something might make it easier to skim the content, and right now you have a bunch of html mark-up in the content which of course makes it difficult to read. The number of votes and comments I think is also key. with thin film solar printed on plastics that I'd guess are about as thick as the e-ink itself, why wouldn't you just go solar. Who tries to look at a magazine in the dark? Good to see e-ink actually getting out in the market now though. I used crowdspring for web design and had an amazing experience. They have sections for logo design as well as other design services. cool concept with the swyping, but isn't it time for something better than the qwerty layout for this? though my fingers have learned where to press on the keyboard, I don't think my mind would be as good at swiping across like this. seems that the names Jobs and Gates are getting closer to being used interchangeably. I had similar issues with my site (though I think it looked a damn site better than yours), trying to read your site, my eye is just going all over the place. I think you are killing usability by not making things clear and simple. I used crowdspring to get a new design on my site. Costs a bit, but well worth the time and effort. I was considering a similar issue not long ago and decided on one call for the following reasons 1) user percieved speed - I can't control the users bandwidth, or memory, and two ajax calls means two pages being retrieved by the users browser, and then two different functions to place those pages into the users browser 2) error handling - what if there is an error with the image or comments? the user will get one portion returned, and not the other (minor disconnects happen all the time and usually it isn't detrimental, but the more ajax calls, the more opportunity for failure). In the end I decided to do one ajax call and the split the returned data into two strings and place them on the page. You can check out the results at www.HearWhere.com Also, if you are always getting the image with related comments, I would suspect that they would both go within the same area/div of a page, so why split them? I believe this is what they use in large cruise ships for stability. Hey Llama, I've seen you guys before as I used to work for a competitor. Nice to see you moving in this direction. Unfortunately, the site isn't playing any music for me :( Are you limited(or limiting) play to just within the US? I tried about 7 different stations, and got nothing. Nice clean design though. It has become my browser for browsing, while FF has become my browser for dev (because of FireBug). Once FireBug works in chrome, I suspect I'll switch over completely, can't imagine what would keep me on FF. You haven't given much to go on without saying what your app is doing. It is strange to use a completely non-text page. However, my app HearWhere.com is a live music search site, so Google would have a difficult time making any sense of band names, dates, and locations. However, google ad words (as well as their competitors I'm sure) use meta tags to get an idea of what the page is about. With respect to your comment about the adsense crawler not seeing the same page the user sees after logging-in, the crawler doesn't pre-crawl your page (as far as I know), I'm pretty sure google looks at the content at the time the page loads and then goes to get the ads. So I'd give it a shot, put it on your testing server and see how things go. I don't know that enterprise technologies are undervalued at HN, as much as they often cater to a smaller market. My side project (to my main start-up which is my main side project) is enterprise focused, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. But enterprise is rarely as interesting as consumer. Doesn't mean not useful or interesting, just not AS interesting. the purpose isn't to show getting data from wikipedia. this can be done with any html table I've been thinking about this lately. I suppose because similar to Adam, my start-up is music focused so music is a big part of my life. And because HearWhere.com (my start-up) is focused on connecting people with live music, I see and hear the enormous volume of musicians trying to make it. But start-ups do/should have groupies. You just don't get to actually SEE them. But I (and I assume other start-ups) regularly get e-mails of support from users. That's fan-mail! Those are your groupies. Better than just telling you how great you are (like band groupies do), e-groupies (or start-up groupies) give you ideas on how to improve. They tell you what they would like to see. They tell you what works, and what doesn't. They are the dedicated fan base. If you don't have them, find them. Make sure there is a way for them to contact you. If after a few months, you find that they truly don't exist, then maybe (just maybe) you are the equivalent of a hobo with a harmonica thinking he's a rock star! This doesn't seem so much to be 'What if the US Collapses' as 'How the US is like the USSR and why that will lead to a similar collapse'. However, the USSR was not a free-market system, and there was very little incentive it seemed for citizens of the USSR to band together and solve problems. Are there similarities between the US and pre-collapse USSR, sure. But the human mind is great at finding similarities and patterns. Postulating that the US will collapse JUST as the USSR did is a stretch. The US may fall from it's height of power relative to other nations of the world, but a full collapse in the near term I think is unlikely. Of course, every empire falls at some point, and I suspect we have seen the height of American power, but the American way of life is far from over. By the way, I'm Canadian! I think the article, and the above response are both reactions in the 'to a hammer, everything is a nail' analogy. And as I use to say to my father, it only works for the hammer! These two solutions are only address small parts of somewhat unrelated problems. Will more start-ups strengthen the economy? likely! Will more phd create more technology for the start-ups? likely! But what is missing is the scale of employing thousands if no millions of people. I know history says the original trickle-down economics of the Reagan era didn't work, but that was giving people money in the hope they would spend it rather than invest. The new version is keep financial institutions alive so that they can continue loan/borrowing activities - though hopefully without making the same dumb moves they have made in the past. Start-ups are theoretically small in nature at the beginning, and therefore are potentially a long road to recovery. Same with PHD's? How many individual auto-workers or even accountants are going to become PHD's. Though you (nostrademons) do say 'many physics & math Ph.Ds ' are not using there Ph.D abilities, that will hopefully change due to the lack of potential in the new Wall St. Though you could also argue that this is the time when Wall St. actually needs those Ph.Ds the most. well, as somebody who has been in this space before and left it to pursue other music opportunities, I think you're off to a great start mary. I wasn't able to get music to play on quite a few tracks (the majority actually), but without any sort of progress bar on the download, it wouldn't be apparent to most people what is happening, so I think that would be one of the first things to do. I didn't go through your code, but have you hidden the flash player somewhere? or are you using a javascript player? Whatever, I think showing a player inline (kinda like you are now, but with more controls) would benefit you. At the least, you need a 'progress bar', and the 'hear' should be linked to start the track too, as that is what I tried clicking on, not the play button. I'll be keeping an eye on your progress mary. Best of luck to you. great domain name. I would think your scrolling data marque could be done in javascript rather than as a java plugin (it failed in Chrome, but works in FF). Also, you need a search box so I can check out prices without waiting for it to pop up. Sure, your girl is cute, but you need more dynamism in the video. Better graphics, more things around, etc. Assuming that you are thinking the video is going to be a business driver. Also, looks like your full screen of the video player doesn't work. my two comments would be 1) make the "tools based" either link to a page describing what that means, or find a better way to describe it. I think I know what you are getting at, but I'm not sure most people (non-tech) would. 2)the "Journalism" and "PR - Business" links at the bottom of the page that are somewhat greyed out. They look good in the sense that they don't draw too much attention, but I'd think that the least they should darken when I hover to make it apparent that they can be clicked. The way it looks right now, I'd think that they were greyed-out as in unusable. my two comments would be 1) make the "tools based" either link to a page describing what that means, or find a better way to describe it. I think I know what you are getting at, but I'm not sure most people (non-tech) would. 2)the "Journalism" and "PR - Business" links at the bottom of the page that are somewhat greyed out. They look good in the sense that they don't draw too much attention, but I'd think that the least they should darken when I hover to make it apparent that they can be clicked. The way it looks right now, I'd think that they were greyed-out as in unusable. as a creator of a live music search site (www.HearWhere.com), I love the idea that you are proposing. However, i think getting users to post events is a bit of a challenge, and there doesn't seem to be much in the way of 'discovery' built in. How will you manage how different people input the event differently? some might enter the band name, some might enter the location. Have you considered using an api like zvents or upcoming? I just realized in your demo all of your events are demo. Why not have those listed on the home page, you could do a 'search from area'. Also, you can use google to find the initial location of your users so you could list the events near them. I don't think the 'from' field makes an sense in the address sense (unless you are just geocoding to region or something). Not sure what you are thinking of with respect to a use-case. Do you think people who have extra space are going to post the event? Or people who are looking for a ride would add it? Obviously the second makes more sense, but I'm not sure why the person with extra capacity would be driven to your site. Maybe i'm just having difficulty imagining it without enough content. If I were you I'd spend some time getting REAL events, and make the site something people could actually use (meaning working with real data, not demo data). Maybe even a screencast of who the actors are, and what they would do would help. The idea itself is simple to understand, but getting from 'people would use this to carpool to gigs' to actually getting the site used is a bit of a bigger leap than you expect. I'm speaking from experience. I've gone through many versions of my site since launching this summer, and it still needs more refinement. Best of luck with the new site. I agree with your thoughts on leaving out explaining JamRides on the homepage, as it is simple enough to understand. But if i where you, i'd put your tagline 'Carpool to shows, events, gatherings' on the page. Not everybody will see the title, but that tagline is enough to describe what you are doing. I don't think it is between page views. My site is a one page ajax heavy site, so I can only have analytics on the landing page. The time on page shows around a minute average (changes per day), while the bounces shows nearly 90%. Doesn't fluctuate as much. Not sure how they do these measurements. But what is really needed is a tool that can measure on ajax sites. For now i've started counting server side requests, and it really is showing how unreliable Google Analytics is. In someways I think this could depend on the network effect. If you are going against a Facebook/eBay/etc., you have to consider how you can grow a significant userbase overcoming the barriers to entry (notice I strangely used Facebook instead of MySpace? - Facebook had to have had the same thoughts you had at one point). If you are going after a google(search) or Amazon, there is very little network effect (people would argue that Amazon network is built on the reviews, but reviews are available on the web). Just my two sense. Though I like your Opera angle, particularly with Opera's strength in mobile. Not that i disagree with the rest of your ideas, but they just don't seem to really shout 'strategy', and I gotta say I don't really understand your 'Partner with IBM' plan. I suspect Flickr's strength is specifically that it isn't monetized like SmugMug. They don't need to copy another service, they need to innovate and continue the growth of that platform. Though that may mean stronger monetization of the business, I hope it would not mean simply copying another service. With respect to 'Owning the Living Room', I suspect that this is so far from there strengths as to be unrealistic with the economics currently the way they are. Sure you could argue the same about Google, but they've got the cash to go out and make a mobile OS and give it a go. Yahoo! arguably can't take that risk on a market which is not as large as mobile. Just my thoughts, but I think the Opera angle is a pretty good one. none of the different spellings of my name look anything like me :( Oh! that ':(' looks JUST like me! After a few months of writing to TechCrunch personally, as well as sending them my press release I finally managed to get www.HearWhere.com covered by them this week. This happened after TechRadar ( http://www.techradar.com/news/internet/web/20-websites-you-n... ) covered HearWhere. I don't know if having another site cover my site first had an effect, and TechCrunch never contacted me directly, they just wrote, and I found out about it after i saw a traffic spike. I don't know if it is the current economic climate, but TechCrunch did not drive near the amount of traffic I was expecting. Good reviews and comments, but as far as traffic, I saw an increase of course, but it wasn't a great spike in traffic I expected. With respect to your comment about 'no good .com domain names left', I have to call that a load of b.s. If I managed to get "HearWhere" as a domain name, as well as some of other good names for other businesses, you can find a good name. It takes time, and can be a pain in the ass (it took me about a week to find HearWhere and maybe it was the 30th domain name I tried, but take the time and find a '.com' name. At the least a '.net', but '.biz' just doesn't cut it. Plus, when freeringer takes off, you would be increasing the value of a .com or .net name, and making it a prime target for a competitor to get at your market. Much safer to get a new name I think. Your reasons for DOB and other data doesn't quite cut le moutard either in my opinion. Particularly if you aren't getting users because you are asking for too much information, then you aren't going to get the add revenue either. No, I never said 'everything...relies on a domain name'. It isn't even the name that is the problem, it's the extension and what that says about your company. You can look at all of the successful domain names that have little or no real meaning, but they are all '.com' , or '.net'. There are a few reasons for this. Firstly when users type your URL, they are gonna type COMPANYNAME.com - you are going to loose users instantly if by not having a .com name. Sometimes users will know to try .net, but not everybody will, and getting people all the way to .biz is a stretch. I suspect the only companies who have been able to grab traction without a .com name are the ones who have used clever play on words to make the .EXTENSION work with their name, like Del.icio.us Don't take my word for it, look around, make a list of how many companies you can think of use a non-.com/.net name. The problem is that you are creating barriers for your potential customers to get to you, and as a start-up you already have enough challenges, no point getting in your own way. Nice idea. I'm not into dating sites, but i think getting your users via the skype tie-in for communication is a good way of going about things. My two cents. 1 cent - the design is nothing spectacular, but particularly having a few different image sizes makes the site look cheap, and it isn't easy to skim. At the same time, making putting the pictures front and center is good as I assume most people will interact and make initial contact based on a photo. except... 2 cent - i don't seen any geographic search type feature, and I can't tell if there is somewhere that users put in there location. I wouldn't want to meet-up with a girl half-way around the world, so being able to see who is using the service locally would be paramount. the key here is 'say chip analyst'... but what about the rest of the component makers? There seems to have been a small bit of buzz in chip circles that Apple is looking to become a chip producer (or at least designer), and that could be reflected here. This is interesting particularly as Papermaster has expertise in chip design. More and more arrows pointing to apple doing something big in chip design. What are the implications of another viable mobile chip design competing with ARM? Just my two cents as to what Apple is up to... I agree with the idea, but in order to really get traction, I think it is something the administration needs to put in place. I wouldn't be surprised if they do, as they had an 'ideas for obama' section of the original Obama website. The place isn't necessarily just to keep tabs on what the administration is doing, but to create dialog between the admin and the public. Voting things up lets the administration know what is more important to the people, and there feelings on it etc. where less important things would fall the bottom. This way the 'energy czar' can go to the energy page and look up the top most active entries and not be any more inundated with info than they aleady are. I look at it as a 'help the administration help you' type of thing. Question though... I'm canadian, would I/should I be able to use the site? the look isn't as important as getting the message across of that you do. I don't think the tagline has any meaning in the context (or lack there of) which you've given. Basically, I have absolutely no idea what a web computer is. Get to the basics 1) what is it 2) why would I use it Wow, you've got a ton of great and positive advice here. I agree with almost all of it, but would add this... There are no shortage of ideas, and no shortage of businesses to build if you have the ideas. If the company/market you are looking at has a good implementation with market penetration and barriers to entry, and if you can't SIGNIFICANTLY make a difference, then maybe keep looking. Take a read of Rick Segal's current post (and my comment there). http://ricksegal.typepad.com/pmv/2008/11/features-of-the-wor... So, your final sentence says it all... go develop, you'll learn a ton going through that process and maybe find more ways to differentiate and improve on the market. Don't forget to let us know when you launch. This is perfect for me, lots of people have been asking me to get my site onto the iPhone, but without a mac, developing an iPhone app isn't easy. Hopefully this solves that! thanks, though it really isn't getting many votes. I wonder if the title sucks, and doesn't really say anything that makes people want to click. Somebody say something negative if you don't like it! Or maybe it just isn't a good idea :( I suppose you could do that with a bookmarklet, but how many people actually use bookmarklets? I don't, and even though I want to have this functionality for YC, I probably won't take the time to figure out how bookmarklets work, install them on my different computers/browsers, etc. I think this is more of a strategic decision. The opportunity is for google and only google to pay to scan all the books. This increases google's value, and competitors need to decide if it is worth it to them to spend the dough. I think you almost always have to do both. The brief e-mail/discussions outlining how the two groups will be working together, and then the long-winded proposals which gets further into the details of what each side offers etc. You'd be amazed at how two groups can differ in their expectations they have of what the other would be offering, therefore the long stuff is needed. well, not sure about the 'shops/experience' but in the comments on the 'Who's Hiring' post now #1 on the main page, http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375410 there is a guy with machine learning and RoR experience looking for a contract. Might be just what you're looking for. I've often thought something like this would be useful, but I'm missing a few things (and you have a bug, I can't leave my e-mail blank because it says that e-mial is already taken). 1 - I can't figure out how to add a bookmarklet. I can only add you page 2) I wouldn't go to a page to enter in the sites to save, that is too much of a pain in the ass - a browser plug-in would be much better. I didn't realize the issue was that his e-mails HAD to be public, but I did find it strange that the blackberry encryption would seperate it from the pack to such a high degree that Obama is not permitted to have a blackberry. Can he have a Windows Mobile, or iPhone? I assume so. So, why not just have a blackberry but not use blackberry's e-mail address and pass it through a regular email address anyway? I'm clearly not understanding the problem. But if he gets to keep his blackberry, what a PR opportunity for Blackberry. The device the worlds most important CEO couldn't live without. I personally disagree with a bunch of the stuff you are recommending. I work from home, so take this with a grain of salt, but two IT companies I worked for had fooseball tables, and i always hated those things. Work isn't getting done/discussed over ping-pong. Ideas aren't getting shared while reading or naping, though I do agree that enabling napping at work isn't a bad idea, and having employees who are well read is also a good idea, I think doing this IN the office is a mistake. Walls made of whiteboard, or painted with chalkboard, and don't forget to always have pens or chalk EVERYWHERE is a good idea. Instead of spending money on reading rooms and ping-pong, why not focus on a culture of free-responsibility. The number of good things that have come out of meeting at a bar or over a coffee is of much more value than what you are getting over ping-pong. Napping/reading are non-interactive, so I think that is a double loss. Get your employees out for a bike ride or jog. I would rather have people that get out of the office while keeping their head in the game, than people who spend time in the office, but aren't getting any real work done. Make the office the place for work, and enable your workers to leave the space and do other things but if you can, make sure that they understand the priority of these things is to refresh them for work, or to still get work done. agreed, and particularly love the idea of the chalkboard bathroom walls. try not to laugh, but I got a gateway a few months ago, and i'm crazy impressed with the specs for the price. I got the t-series, which doesn't output to the built in screen at the resolution you want on the 14", though i'm pretty sure it will bump up to that on an external monitor. but I think the 15" m series does. From the looks on their site they are getting ready to upgrade the t-series, so the next version might have higher resolution. Not sure exactly what you are trying to do, and why you would go through the overhead of one of these programs. Why not just write the html yourself, or use something like google sites? I think you'd spend more time learning to use one of these tools (and looking for and deciding which one) than it would take you to build a site. If you really don't think you have the chops for writing your own html, or don't think google sites or something similar is for you, how about having somebody set up a joomla or drupal site for you? Though I agree that bad science and sensationalism do much harm to the case of climate change, there are many reasons to make the drastic changes to how humans operate on the planet. For any of the people who don't believe in climate change, I say to tell yourself the story of how the rainforests disappeared and thousands (scientists say millions) of species were lots for ever, and why. Go look at a strip mine, and try not to feel like what we are doing is wrong. This summer a small plot of trees across from where I have coffee was mowed down for an olympic ceremonies park. Now I have no qualms about actually taking down that small plot of trees (it's maybe 1.5-2 acres), in a prime retail spot, and I live in a rain forest so loosing an acre to us isn't a big deal, we're surrounded by trees. But the sound of those trees coming down, we were all in shock, and really when you see all the dead trees lying there on the ground, you feel ashamed to have supported it. I also say to tell yourself the story of how your car runs, from the first bit of oil being drilled to the moment that your tires spin, and if you can honestly convince yourself that that is an efficient energy system, then you're an amazing debater. I honestly believe there are huge errors in the science which is spread publicly, but it is the sensationalism of this science which is grabbing attention and causing people to take notice. The negative effect is the backlash of non-believers have ammunition. actually, in defense of m_eiman, i don't think you are being completely fair. Though your technical abilities clearly outweigh his (and mine, and many if not most here on HackerNews), your response sounds somewhat insulting, and I hope i am just misunderstanding your tone. You say this is a 'Classic case of a person with no security training or experience trying to do security'. That is not what m_eiman is trying to do at all. What is trying to be accomplished is to remove an security warning when there is not threat. Not everybody careas about 'certificate extensions',and I know i've never looked it up myself, but the point of the original 37 Signals post, and the follow-up post by m_eiman was to be able to reliably include non-https data in an https page (if I even have that correctly). Anyway, the reason I wrote this is because I believe it is VERY important to support the discussion of these ideas, and maybe take the time to explain why something might or might not work (which you did at a very high level in your first comment), but it is really your second follow-up which serves to potentially prevent people from posting ideas that though somewhat flawed, could still have some merit. surprised to see this down-voted. Insight and rebuttle or reasoning please? I appreciate that, and thanks for the feedback. I thought the 'emotional arguments' where easy to make it apparent that maybe we are doing something wrong, climate change or not. The rational/scientific arguments can be argued. Tough to stand in a clearcut and say 'damn happy we got rid of those trees!'. ;) Short answer, never, particularly when you are still calling yourself a start-up. Once you've 'made-it', you aren't a start-up anymore, you're a big business, and big businesses still need lots of work to keep them successful. Long answer - when your piece of art is complete. A great book, 'Finite and Infinite Games' lays out my feelings on this. Your first STEP in success is when you are really in the game. I've launched a few companies that nobody cared about. Got no traction. There was very little reason to keep revising the product/project because I wasn't in the game. Other times you hit on something that people care about, and that is making a difference. You work like mad to churn out new products and satisfy the demand. You are in the game. That is success level 1, and it goes from there. I think the big problem with saying "how do you know when you've made it?", is that this isn't a sprint or a marathon. It's a life. You've never 'made it' in life, if you're done, then you're dead. When do you know when you have breathed enough? When you have eaten enough? If you stop working on your product/business, it will go stale and die. You can 'get out', sell, hire others to take over the day to day tasks, but what do you do with yourself then? I think some of PG's comments regarding the 'artist' in programmers/innovators is just that. An artist doesn't stop painting once they have sold one painting. So your current project leads to the next, etc. I would say to answer your question, that only you can decide when your current piece of art is done. If you're making great money, fantastic. If not, maybe you love this project so much that you'll continue with it anyway. Basically, have an exit strategy, targets, goals, etc. But none of these are 'finishing lines', they are markers on the coarse. Like aid stations on a cicuitus marathon coarse. They let you know that you have reached a significant marker, but don't stop running, 'cause you are still in the race. There are still things to do, problems to solve, art to build. The journey is the destination. Though it's an interesting concept, I think they would need to recreate their algorithms too quickly to stop spammers, plus recaptcha has a dual purpose/benefit of helping computers when they fail with OCR. I don't hate captcha as long as it is done well. I like the clean layout, but I'm completely lost on a few things 1) what exactly is the problem you are trying to solve? I read the 'about' page, and I still don't get it. this probably leads to 2) why am I buying content that is freely available? 3) what does 'adjust' mean? a tool tip on both buy and adjust might be a good idea. 4) your statistics list current/previous -but previous to what? previous entries from that user? that's the closes I could figure. 5) i just clicked on the 'nope' for not a content owner, and the 'buy spot' link takes me to 'submit new content', but I'm not a content owner. is that right? sorry guys, i'm completely lost as to what you are trying to accomplish. hopefully it is just a messaging adjustment for you and you're off to the races. congrats on the launch though. It doesn't say explicitly that it isn't compatible with the iPhone (though it doesn't list it as compatible either). Very strange. Why create a headphone with mic built in that wouldn't work with the phone in your product line? Why would you use a mic with a nano? Has the nano got recording capabilities now? Though tags and categorization are nice to have, I like the idea of getting a well rounded experience at HN. Forcing visitors to just reading the titles exposes them to all sorts of things they wouldn't have been exposed to otherwise. I could see myself using categories or tags if they are available, but that doesn't mean it would be a better experience. there have been a few iphone development api's written through javascript, so if you want to create iphone apps, you don't need to have a mac. http://phonegap.com/ however, if you are looking to learn to develop for iphone (as you mention above), then I too would go mac mini before apple ditches them. how many years to get to v.1? and reviews of bad implementations and buggy. What problem are these guys trying to solve? what market are they after? Though I don't deny there is a market for alternative players (foobar2000, MusicIP Mixer), i've never understood what songbird was really offering that made them standout and get all the press they do. didn't try it out, but great idea and your video demo is really good. Site is well laid out. Well explained,well done. Best of luck you get a star! This piece is missing some major points, particularly when they point to the market-adoption of Firefox. We upgraded to firefox I believe adoption in V.1 was significant if I recall correctly. The reason being, that Firefox was significantly better than IE 5.5(6). I'm not hearing that with Songbird. iTunes is a very good product. The extensions for songbird are already available for iTunes, Winamp, etc. There just seems to be SSOOO much fluff to Songbird, and the slow release dates don't help. I'd love to be able to root for the little guy in this instance, but Songbird just doesn't seem like that little guy that deserves it. Anybody have any insight into why that is? I didn't download the latest version after hearing about buggy performance. I used to be connected to the 'player' business and had tried Songbird before and it was an awful experience. I just don't get it. Anybody here actually using Songbird and loving it? What are we missing? I'm not a fan of the design myself, and I'm surprised how effective a good design is. I think you can do better. I'd also hope that you could offer more than just links to the articles. Maybe take a note from HackerNews, I'm sure there is tons of discussion that goes on regarding the topics and articles as the issues are extraordinarily complex. I think that would be a solid value add. What I think you have failed to do (or failed to tell us) is why people would visit your site over say TreeHugger.com, or others (I'm sure they exist, but I'm not super enviro-guy, so I don't know them all). I'm under the impression that drudge focuses on slightly out of mainstream news coverage, but I could be wrong. No doubt there is a huge market for what you are linking too, but from what I see, you are not yet offering me enough reason to come to you as a source. Just my 2 cents. the main page leads to "The page you are looking for cannot be found". So, not a good start, but these things happen. Then i tried logging in with openid, and that failed too. So, i can't try it. and I can't say your description of 'CRM/Notebook' really gives me a good idea of how you are differentiating. A demo video would be great, and is pretty much a must have for anything that a user doesn't understand in two seconds. I think you spend more on managing a $1.50/mo charge than it is worth. I think you need to take a closer look at your business model and pricing. You should be able to figure out a way to provide a service and a way to monetize it where it is either free, or the user finds enough value that they would pay more than $1.50 for it. To me, $1.50 says that you aren't really valuing the app much. Don't think about how much time you put into the app, or how much you'll make if you got 50,000 users. Think about it as how much value you are adding to your users and charge accordingly. Are you the next SalesForce.com? I did a quick google search on CRM licensing and it seems companies are charging $10-40/month. So why are you so cheap? SO i took a look at the video you posted, and because it says "screen replay demo" across the screen and you didn't do an voice over and even at full screen, the whole thing is so small, it is impossible to understand what you are offering and why I would use it. My point about the price was that it is such a small amount that it is probably going to be more trouble for you to charge it than it is worth. If this is just a side project and you don't need/want to make money from it, then give it away. If you want to make a bit, I would charge more if you can justify it. The openid issue was my error, sorry about that. I just tried logging in with openid and it takes me right to giving you my paypal details to charge. Nope, not gonna happen. I don't think you'll get any users like that without documentation, demos, trials, etc. Saying I can cancel at any time up to two weeks and not get charged just doesn't cut it. No more for you! well, the design bites. But aside from that, it's ok. Not sure that we really need another recipes site. Aiming at the student market might be nice, but wouldn't it be better to go for good food that's easy to cook rather than this is just crap food that is easy to cook? Not sure how you are differentiating in the space. The first thing I would do would be to spend some time on design. It's fine from a usability perspective, but all the colors, and the large pictures of ugly food is really disturbing. Just way to busy to look at. too many colors, seems like there was very little thought to alignment. Why is the header so HUGE? I'm not sure where you draw the line between Union Square, First Round, etc. vs. Sequoia, KPCB, Khosla. Is that Non-Valley VC's vs Valley VC's? Or is it more smaller VC shops vs. larger? Is there really that big of a difference among any of these as long as the point of contact VC has direct start-up experience and isn't just a finance person? I think asking to link into my google account before offering anything at all is a really bad plan to get users interested. At least a homepage explaining what you are doing, giving me an idea if I can trust you etc. is necessary. I didn't go any further than the google login screen. First of all, I love the look. clean and professional. The domain name is great as well. The video tour does a great job of overloading me with information on what I can do with OneHub. The damaging part is that after viewing the video, I don't have any take-away on how I would use the tools you've described, and you go through them so quickly that it is very difficult to keep up, and it doesn't seem that the screencast is helping with the voice-over. I realize they are in sync, but everything is happening so quickly that it is just too much stuff. My advice would be to pick the 3 or 4 features that you think are the most useful for your customer base, and just go through those. Don't describe the feature and how it works, that is for another video tutorial. Tell me how OneHub is going to help me interact. Just telling me it lets me interact isn't good enough. I interact already. How is your interactions better. That is a huge marketing challenge, and it is very difficult to do. I did a video demo for one of my previous companies and it was many, many iterations before I was getting the messaging to the users right. [EDIT] volida's post points to what I'm saying. if security is the most imporant thing, single that out. You're giving visitors too much information. Maybe segmenting into a few videos would be best depending on your target audience. Best of luck, keep up the good work. Pete I'm amazed they were able to get this far in the process, and get covered by the bbc. Is a used song going to sell for 10cents? and if so, are you going to risk the RIAA coming after you for buying stolen goods rather than either pay the 99cents to buy the track legally, or go whole hog and just download it free? Who came up with this business model? I hope they didn't spend a bunch of money getting this going. Yes, angels and VC's are still investing. I have some friends who have recently received an angel seed round. Surprisingly with only a demo. No product yet. I've also heard about some VC's doing seed rounds, but in companies which already have revenue. I slightly disagree with this unless the majority of users are using google news as their news source (in which case TC doesn't appear on the front-page right now at all). I would think that building a loyal following is more valuable than one-time hits on news. I'd like to see the stats on what percent of TC or RRW visits come from google vs return visits vs HN/Reddit/Digg/etc. though I somewhat agree with Seth, he also has to consider that with less bright people in the world of finance, getting these new initiatives that everybody will be building will be a serious new challenge. There has to be a balance between the people who manage money, and the people who create actual things. yeah, I'll wait until a more reliable source starts quoting him before I consider this anything more than sensationalism. agreed. at least lead us to a page where you talk about the css hack and why it is better than cookies, etc. As one who has failed before, I appreciate your comment. I've been involved in a few successes and a few failures, and your quote is poignant because of the number of people involved in these failures who took nothing away from it except to blame others, and that's not learning. from the title - "the following is a fictionalized account of how Alan Greenspan, magically made America’s life savings disappear and diverted our attention from global warming" really? so this is a fictional story about a real person and what they didn't do. Alan Greenspan has taken some responsibility for the current market conditions, but I don't believe the bulk of the error rests with him. A great idea for a site. I'm not a football, basketball or baseball fan, but seeing as fans like to be up on any each play when they are away from the game, etc. I think there is great potential for your site. One thing you might consider (and I can't believe you were able to get consistent names for all the teams) is to use the team logos in your lists where the user selects the teams, etc. Clearly you've put a ton of work into the site. it looks great, it's a great idea. "problem is I don't have time to finish my reading at a stretch..." unfortunatly, this is where I stopped reading ;) Go for images or video rather than a paragraph of text. You didn't really grab my interest with so much text on the page, and nothing else. and not all of these accounts represent a single user. I'm sure there is lots of stuff like StatTweets going on where one business represents many accounts. At the same time, I suspect that it is services like StatTweets which will make Twitter go mainstream and present a business model for them. This is now nearly two months old. I wonder if Steve Forbes would be singing the same tune today? I think the author is missing a few big pieces. 1) why do we need 1.5 tons to move 85kg? we often move significantly more than 85kg and need to be able to adjust to the highest not lowest denominator, and the extra weight is in comforts, safety, etc. 2) a dreadful word 'compromise' when used in planning. Compromises should happen in implementation, when things need to be replaced or removed to meet engineering issues or deadlines. Why would you compromise when you are in the envisioning stage. 3) private/public transport - why not keep private transport but improve the efficiencies and footprint and improve public transport. Check out skytran.net. A great vision for public transport. Yup! As a Canadian we can pay more than 50% income tax plus Provincial taxes, sales taxes and all the other taxes. It doesn't stop Canadians from operating businesses. RIM is Canadian, EA has a huge operation in Canada. When you hear of companies moving from Canada to the US, I believe it is more often brain drain than due to the taxes. I'm not a lawyer, so don't go just by what I say, but I've looked into this a bit in the past, and I think it depends on what you are referring to. Check out Perfect10 v. Google which covers copyright of photos (how google can republish photos for photo search) or sheffield news v. sheffield times re: inline linking/framing of content. The result of Perfect 10 v. Google is (simplified) that as long as you are linking to the source, you're safe. How this relates directly to Dapper and Yahoo Pipes I haven't considered before. However, I would argue that both Dapper and Yahoo Pipes maintain direct links to the content, as they needed the links originally to index. I'm not sure if they return the host in the results or not, but I would say that they should. Alot of it is a case of 'better to ask forgiveness than permission'. your comment about "any reproduction of content is a violation of copyright law" is absolutely wrong and has been overruled in the courts many times (perfect 10 v. google, sheffield news v. sheffield times). Google can display text from web pages because they attribute the text to the site and provide a link to the original source. There are limitations on use which is why google paid for their book search functionality. i've had good luck with crowdspring http://crowdspring.com First of all, I would recommend you spend a bit of time on design. The site is blinding. Maybe tone down your link colors a bit, or don't make them so huge. I can't say I really understand the problem you are trying to solve. Why would I use mostrecent rather than delicious or squidoo or something else similar. It seems there is a ton of manual tasks required, I manually create links, manually drag them around, etc. Your intro clip shows functionality (which is why it is under help), but you really need to explain why I would create these links. Why am I an editor, why I am doing this. Tungle had a great demo (not sure if it is still around), and there was a group that is doing online merging of office and google docs, they also had a great demo video. Look around and see what you can come up with. This might be a great idea (it is a great domain name), but you haven't spelled out clearly enough what I would use it for/why it needs to exist. I agree with that statement, but isn't that what social news sites like this one are for? A group of people with common interest does the filtering for you (also kinda what Squidoo is for if I've got them right). If I were you, I'd keep refining your idea. I don't personally don't think you've hit the sweet-spot yet. if this is a 'gesture based' patent, I'm wondering how it differs from what Palm did with their OS. I wouldn't think that making something 'finger-based' vs pen-based is a non-obvious extension. Thoughts? Hey thinkcomp, I didn't go searching for what your idea is, and you didn't mention it in the article, and realistically I guess it doesn't matter. As you well know, implementing your idea is the largest part of the battle, so are you giving up on the idea? I would think that a man of your experience would move forward with the idea anyway, and not let this speedbump turn into a roadblock. I would also have liked to see (and maybe the community here could help) a suggestion as to how KPCB should handle the situation. You clearly understand that they can't just support every idea that they inadvertently made public, and I completely agree with you that their proposal of you promising not to sue in exchange for the opportunity to pitch again is worthless. I would suspect if things are this bad early on, AND the relationship results in the product not moving forward at all, then maybe this is dead. Furthermore, you don't seem to be that interested in the software you are developing (though I could be misunderstanding). Am I correct that you don't feel that your product will change the world? I would say that you don't have the passion to keep this idea/company going. Maybe this isn't the right idea for you (or both of you). Clearly you got involved for a reason, what was that? How did you end up with this partner. I've worked on project where people didn't get along, but we were all so focused on the result that it didn't REALLY matter. The end result wasn't as good as it would be had we all gotten along, but that didn't happen. There are no shortage of great things to do in this life. If this is not one of those things, and it is making you unhappy, i'd suggest figuring out what would be better. That doesn't mean you have to walk away from this right away, but it sounds like you're already there. Contact the credit card company and ask to speak to the fraud department. they should be able to advise you on how to proceed. I didn't mean it rhetorically. I personally don't think that finding a partner should be focused on 'somebody who wanted to start a business' as much as both of you being passionate about what you are doing. You'll hear it a million times. If you aren't passionate about what you are doing, then you're going to find it exceedingly difficult to make it a success. If you were/are both passionate about the idea, than the disagreements could/should enable you to make a better product. If you aren't passionate about what you are building, then why do it? I think that is the most important question you need to decide for yourself. When I first read the title, I thought this was a deck from years ago. To me discovery seemed so 2006. But after looking through the slide-deck I'm reconsidering my stance on this. Though I'm hoping there is a better descriptor for this than 'discovery'. Not sure if you were looking for feedback or what Andrew, but I took a look, and I'm wondering what CherryPeel has in comparison to the competitors out there (there are lots). thesixtyone - specifically has a very clean and nice interface. much easier to look at than cherrypeel. Everybody fails. The only ones who succeed are those who pick themselves up and go at it again. "Fail fast, fail often" that's a recipe for success. I forget who said it. And really, you haven't failed at anything yet. Your only failure would be if you refused to learn from your mistakes. I truly believe that you must be passionate about what you are doing in order to make it work, and as you've said, the two of you had discussed many ideas, so clearly you see there is lots of opportunity. Yes, it is supposed to be hard, like trudging through 5 feet of snow. But it's like trudging through 5 feet of SNOW!! Like when you where a kid and you'd willingly trudge through that snow because you knew at the top of the hill you would get to ride down. If you are trudging through 5 feet of snow and don't see a hill (or anything else fun about it). then maybe it's time to head back inside and warm up and replan. Just so you know, I started my company with only an ad model, but later found that there were other revenue opportunities. This was after launching the site once with a completely different model, than relaunching it and getting a bit of traction, and then customers (or potential customers) seeing the potential of what I had built and them asking me to build what they want. It's about what your customers want you to do. I'd suggest re-examining your previous ideas and thinking about other possible revenue streams. The ad model is going to be very difficult over the next year. I'm not sure how this is better than dual-booting on your current machine, or using an old pc. Am I missing something? You didn't mention where you are from, you might be able to mix a few of these things together. If you're from the US, how about work/intern at a start-up (assuming you're into that since you're on HN) in Europe or Asia? There are 'working holiday visas' which will allow you to work while you are traveling in certain countries. So you are proposing an API that allows the content owner to define what content gets displayed rather than the site owner? This is a perfect example of where a computer fails to interpret the intricacies of real life. For reasons such as groups sitting together, too many divisions, etc. Planes have rear and front doors. Why don't we start by just splitting people into front and back and filling in from the middle - assuming this really is an issue which needs to be solved. 'the U.S. ceded the market for computer batteries to Japan in the 1970s. Now it's way behind in the race to invent improved batteries for electric vehicles' Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't A123 Systems a leader in this field? I didn't watch it, I read the TC coverage after it was finished. This is the reason I asked the question. I'm not convinced that any of these items are ground breaking, though very cool features. The coverage didn't seem exciting which is why I was asking the question did Steve Jobs not do the keynote because there was nothing worth reporting? or was it just not carried off with his panache and excitement? The coverage made it seem quite ho-hum. And I still believe that none of these things are really news worthy. An 8 hr battery on 17" device is pretty cool iWork gets document sharing - about time, and they aren't going to become a leader with that product as a result *Getting rid of DRM on iTMS means now they can are equal to amazon and everybody else again, I don't see this stuff as really exciting and ground breaking. Cool, yes. Good business decisions, sure. Amazing! no. I somewhat disagree about the exposure thing (unless I am misunderstanding the implementation). As I understand it, an app developer would embed a bit of your code in there app, and that would make the connection to allow a user to review the app, and that is how you do the analytics data right? If that is the case, you aren't marketing to all iphone/mobile users, just developers. As I haven't seen any analytics tools that allow feedback, I think that is a great service to offer, and you collecting all this data and reviews is really great. Maybe you could partner with PhoneGap or somebody like that to help with distribution. Great idea. There are a few very good business models I can see coming out of this. Maybe I'm missing something here, but does this mean that the a/c is condensing the energy and sending it to what is essentially a solar receiver on the device (solar being light, not sun)? 1.5 watts doesn't sound like much, but I'm not super familiar with this stuff. I'd start by getting the budget and forecast together, and then write the executive review. Get some feedback on it, and then pass it to the investors. Go from there. You'll get an idea from the feedback and from what the investors say to know if you should proceed writing the entire plan, maybe they will find some holes in it, etc. etc. Then if they still want the full plan in writing, go write it. You'll probably learn a ton just in the process of writing the executive review. Wow! That's really interesting, maybe we don't realize just how many people are actually voting on entries and comments. Thanks for the speedy response. You'll get much more feedback if you make the site open without a login, or due a demo video, screenshots or something else. Just the front-page telling me what it does and asking me to sign-in isn't going to get you very far (unless you really answer the question as to why I would do this). You can judge for yourself. Check out Crowdspring.com, you can see the quality of the logos from the crowdsourcing. I think it is often VERY good. The designer that wrote the article needs to learn how to compete in the new marketplace. I too wasn't sure what it was all about, but (and most sites should take a hint here) you made it very easy to figure it out. I clicked the button and off it went. I'm curios as to why you went with two different styles though. When I start I have radio buttons and a submit on the right of the picture, then you go to the voting blocks on the left of the picture. Why the change? It would maybe be better to go with the more familiar (Hot or Not) style of selections below the picture. Though I think it is ridiculous that prop 8 failed (or succeeded, I'm Canadian, so not sure exactly what the prop said), this video was great http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HpTBF6EfxY but isn't posting the address of supporters an infringement of privacy? Is one better than the other? What is so special about the ticketstumbler search box? It doesn't seem to have auto-fill. is that what you are looking for? You say you don't have any control over the funding, and you didn't mention how large the start-up is, but maybe this is somewhere you could take some initiative. Would the founders let you get involved in the funding? The reason I ask is that I assume from your experience with the Hedge Fund, that you probably have more financial expertise and contacts than the founders. Maybe they even cut you in for more. Wow! That is really amazing. How big is the javascript file you use to run that? I would be concerned with slowing down a user more on an already javascript heavy site. However, what I found really amazing was that in the playback you are able to show javascript modals, so i assume that also means that all ajax responses will be captured by userfly. Really cool. I assume you see this being used more in user testing than in capturing the daily usage of a site? I would think that capturing daily usage would be be too time consuming for anybody to actual go through all the videos. As far as the look of your site, I do find the yellow on white a bit hard to read, and it doesn't stick out much. Well a few interesting things from this are 1) the year as a whole was still above 2004 levels, and near that of 2005. 2) the first 3 quarters were all above those of 2007, while the 4th quarter fell off a cliff. 3) 4th quarter was lowest of any quarter in the list So, we can wait and see what Q1 09 does and see if Q4 08 was just a blip, or if this is actually a real trend. Based on the funding which still seems to be happening, I think that Q1 09 will be up from Q4 08. Let's hope so anyway. As far as investments, I think if you have a solid offering and can get some traction it shouldn't matter. Twitter bought a search product which was completely based on their API plus the technology that the search guys had developed (sorry, I forget their name). The key is what you are bringing to the table. If you are just a site accessing API's, it is going to be difficult. You should have a solid value add. As far as the 3rd party pulling their API, I think that is a risk you take, but if you are talking about Twitter, where a huge portion of their success is a result of the API, then I wouldn't worry as much. In the case of BOSS, Yahoo! could pull it, but you could probably source search results from elsewhere. As far as offering these services in a paid offering, unless you are adding something significant which the user is paying for, I would think your success would be challenged in the pay model. People don't really pay for a new view of what they can already get for free (I don't think). I wouldn't contact the RIAA, they have a notoriously bad reputation (assuming you could actually get to anybody reasonable). I'd go the route of the current mp3 search engines. Do some research on Fair Use Copyright and DMCA. Also check out the EFF (Electronic Frontier Foundation). Just to clarify the above, the RIAA's position is not a legal definition, just what the RIAA wants. Therefore the "Online piracy is..." section is inaccurate, replace that with "The RIAA considers Online piracy as..." and no, I'm not a lawyer. amazed that it took them until page 3 to mention PhoneGap. As far as I'm concerned, that is a huge opportunity to alleviate the issues they build up in the first few pages. Don't be torn. You never would have had me even try your service if you asked for a credit card. I suspect its the same for most people. Getting a credit card later is proof that you have made an invaluable tool that people just didn't forget to cancel, and should make it easier for you to adjust your service until you hit the sweetspot and become a must have. I think your messaging is a bit off in the "add brand" section I created a brand, and then it asked for keywords or phrases, so I entered keywords, not the brandname itself as I thought this was a tag kinda think, maybe you were doing analysis on cross-section of Brands (that's capital B, 'cause you are calling your brand grouping a 'Brand'). Not a bad idea to have Brand keywords. Anyway, of course I was supposed to enter the brands I wanted to follow in that box, like the comma delimited list said, but of course, I didn't do that the first time. Then I had to create another Brand (I'm beginning to think that Brand is a bad word for that, Brand Group or something might be better). I couldn't find how I edit a Brand I already created. Of course, the "edit brand' is in the menu on the left, but for some reason I expected it to be up near the to by the "add brand" button. Add/Edit do go really well together. Actually, i barely use the main page, as lots of stuff on that I've likely seen before. I come in, scan the top few items on the main page, and then jump into new and go through like two or three pages (until I'm caught up). So for my personal preference, I'd probably be interested in seeing the newest stuff, and then maybe a column for 'most popular'. I know it's unconventional, but... why is this interesting? It is a complete rip-off of Songza! Right down to the stolen UI! Very Poor! He needs the break. TechCrunch now has a CEO and can go on without him and focus on the tech community. Arrington has been distracted for a long time, seems he has posted some very random posts which lead TechCrunch toward a ValleyWag type site. The TC community was clearly not happy with that. However, it is amazing that he had to put up with the kind of abuse he has. That's just horrible, and there is no reason he should be the victim of that kind of treatment. Best of luck to Mike, he did a great job creating and building TC. I'm sure he'll have other great successes in his future. I'm not your demographic either, but seeing as it's a student site, did you consider facebook connect instead of registration? I don't use either site, but there is little question that you (ticketstumbler) have a better UI and overall look. Your attitude is right, it's far from over, but you are off to a great start! Things i didn't do: 1) build an interface 2) spend any time on design 3) include a demo or let people try it without logging in 4) define the problem I am trying to solve/people I'm trying to reach sarvesh is correct. I would consider what you need, and at this point if things are going well, you might be able to be managed by an advisor familiar with your field (and hopefully previously successful in it). If as engineers you are progressing the business as a whole (not just the product and what you think it is), then you might be fine to continue on, but a bit of outside guidance can't hurt. If you guys are struggling with lots of issues (related to the product or not), then you might want to bring in somebody who can manage those areas (manufacturing, partnerships, marketing, etc). The actual device that Obama is using is from Certified Digital, and I've been looking but haven't been able to find anywhere that it says it is using the blackberry network (aside from all the reports that say 'Obama's Blackberry). I'm wondering if this is just a poor naming convention by the press. Like saying 'he grabbed a kleenex' when grabbing a tissue. nice looking site, beautiful demo. However, I think your homepage needs more info about what it is really all about. I'd take a bit more info from your ABOUT US page, and either put something about your value prop on your homepage, or at least in the video demo. Nice work. Love the clean design. great idea, but I didn't get it the second I got to the site. Why say "Auctions Just Got a Lot More Exciting!"? Why not say "An entire auction in an ad box"! or something like that? 2nd, if you want people to put the boxes on their page, i'd suggest investing in design. Of both your site and the boxes. You have to get peoples trust, and the poor design could sink you. You realize you can set-up a store on amazon and they can handle most of the technical stuff for you? It give you a chance to play with your business model (as their isn't anything specifically technical about it) and try different avenues instead of building everything from scratch in the beginning. If you decide later that it makes more sense to bring all the technical in house, there is nothing stopping you from doing it at that point. not sure if you've seen the wovel (wovel.com) combining a wheelbarow and a shovel. No longer original, but something you might want to work into your design as it seems a very effective tool. I've been looking too, but haven't been able to source big whiteboards locally (and shipping costs on the big items limits any savings you'd get). I went to ikea, in the "as is" section and grabbed a huge panel of lamenated something ($6). Now, i've just got to get some whiteboard paint http://www.rockler.com/product.cfm?page=17835&utm_source... The whiteboard will end up twice as big as anything I found at office depot, and cost should be less than $40. This is a much better promotional tool for songsmith than that 'internal' video microsoft put out a few weeks ago. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oGFogwcx-E this is actually appearing to be a pretty amazing product. Yeah, i posted a while ago, hoping that HN would put a comments/vote capability in a frame above the content, but lots of people hated that idea. No scripts in Chrome yet :( so did I, and I was wondering if it was a statement to all the start-ups that give a sign-up before knowing anything about the site, but it turns out that this is the link that should have been shared http://joncanady.com/ it's an article about github Uhhh, so the no brainer way to boost your iPhone App sales is to jut get Apple to feature your app in one of their ads? How about some advice on getting into an Apple ad. I think you would find that if you drive through the US, you will find the same change from city to town. I've lived in both cities and towns in the US and Canada, and if you end up making a left turn instead of a right, similar differences exist. What you might be missing (and what Zakaria's article was pionting out) is that Canadians aren't putting themselves into debt at the same rate as Americans, so while the Americans may 'look' better off, that doesn't mean they are. HSBC operates in Canada. Though I agree this isn't the venue to debate politics, I don't think there is anything wrong with pointing out the politics in the situation, as long as we are not arguing that one side is correct, and the other incorrect. I think it would be irresponsible (and in some ways is on the part of Zakaria) to not include the impact of Canada's social infrastructure which acts as both a limit to growth, and is supportive in harsh times as these. Well, I think you need to decide what you expect to get out of the experience. Though I somewhat agree with minalecs as to why would you apply if you were never going to attend? I also think that if you were just trying to justify your business/messaging, well, you now know (or have a good indicator) that you've got it right. Time predicts techcrunch in the deadpool. Nice one. All this while TechCrunch visits are still growing, and Time magazine is decending. http://siteanalytics.compete.com/techcrunch.com+time.com/?me... Sure time is still bigger, but TC has been adapting in the changing environment. Great job by the new CEO in rescuing TC from going down the ValleyWag path. Seems Time may not really understand TC. They say 'reporting on the movers and shakers of Silicon Valley', while that is true to a point, the screenshot they show is about western europe. TC should write an article about how Time is an over-rated mag. I have been under the impression that where the author mentions 'clicks' on a page, that is actually recording the loading of a new page. Anybody care to correct me on this. Therefore (if I am correct), bounce rates are not effective on ajax heavy sites where pages and the analytics javascript are not reloaded, and analytics can therefore not track the changes in the user session. A nicely laid out and clean looking site. I'd recommend doing a demo of how the site works. People will spend a bunch of time creating a group, so showing how it works would likely help convince people to use your site over other solutions. I'm not sure why this is, but when I first get to your site, i don't know what to look at. My eyes are being dragged all over the place, and I had to concentrate to read a single heading/paragraph. You'd think with the big lettering you've used, and the layout (which is good), this wouldn't be an issue. The 'call to action' isn't clear enough. Could be that I'm just having a strange day, but it isn't exactly clear to me what I'm supposed to do (and yes, I see the (ready to begin/sign-up), but something about your overall layout/design just isn't sitting right with me. Sorry, wish I could explain exactly why. We don't need a new 'standard'. My last 3 phones have all had mini USB. Why do we need another standard, as that one clearly already exists AND allows for wired data connections? I would think that as long as you are providing a service, it wouldn't matter. People care about you helping them out. They don't care if you are getting affiliate revenue or not, as long as it doesn't cost them (or maybe i'm not understanding your question). Future, though I think it is really just beginning to understand it's potential uses. The @ and # is an example of this growing change. It isn't necessarily about 'status' anymore, but a mix of conversation surrounding data, and the ability of the right connections to go viral. I've been considering how to use twitter as a notification service for my app, instead of using e-mail. The problem with e-mail is 1) i don't want to be loading peoples inboxes 2) it isn't discoverable to people who might be interested in the same thing, 3) i never sign-up for e-mail notifications, so why would i expect my users to do so. At the same time, notification is the one of the top requests I get from my users. So, I'm investigating what it would be like to set-up a system whereby I could use twitter for notifactions on specific items using the # code. Solves the problem of in box discovery, and twitter is much more ignorable than e-mail (if the user chooses).