Werkzeug had an example with the same semantics (decorator for URL rules and returning strings and response objects from functions) for a long time. But neither did Werkzeug come up with that, the original idea was TurboGears which did it that way. So by that logic, bottle is a cheap knockoff. However, I do have to point out that denied is a joke which should be pretty obvious from reading the source and watching the screencast (and quite frankly, just by looking at the website in detail). Well, the run() function was intended to be a very bad example of API. Because there is that magical application object you never see that run magically picks up. There is another example of really bad API in denied: there is a template render function internally (you have to read the code behind the code to see that) which magically accepts both filenames for templates and template source strings. And there are a couple of more examples of really, really bad ideas in that code. Because I wanted that trendy "fork me on github" badge on the website. And for that a code repository has to exist :) > Huh, weird. This seems to crib very heavily from my original Simple JavaScript Inheritance implementation: http://ejohn.org/blog/simple-javascript-inheritance/ It is, see the AUTHORS file which credits that URL. In fact I was using a slightly modified version of your code for a long time but had to do some changes in order to use it for a project of mine. Basically I need classes implemented in a way that they will work in the presence of any other JavaScript framework. Reason: this JavaScript is injected into unknown code by a middleware system. > It even uses the 'classy' name and logo (stemming from an April Fools joke that I ran that used the aforementioned inheritance implementation): http://ejohn.org/blog/classy-query/ Interesting. I did not know that one. Name was rather obvious and did not return any direct hits with projects named like this so I went with it. The original drawing of that logo is the search result on Google images for "classy" with filter set to linedrawing. Original author unknown, I just vectorized it. > ... but on the whole it looks very very similar to the original implementation that I wrote. Odd. If you want a more obvious attribution than the AUTHORS file, just let me know. Other changes besides hasOwnProperty, the ability to use the library without modifying window, and $ prefixed names so that it does not clash with custom attributes is a more python/javascript inspired naming scheme for special methods and attributes (__init__ etc.) and support for mixins. Also attributes are properly removed if they were unset previously and not just reassigned with undefined and classes can be instanciated without new like in Python. Can't count how often my code did funny stuff because I forgot new there :) All in all, the idea is to have that fairly common piece of object orientated JavaScript class bootstrapping under an open source license so that anyone can use it. I hope I succeeded with that. > The reversal of the "extends" paradigm is interesting. It seems very natural. What made you go with that? I think the earliest version of that was prototype which I think used Class.create and Object.extend. I've seen that in many JavaScript class implementations so far. > I use Crockford's object.beget rather than normal JS constructors, and that works quite fine. Crockford's beget patches on Object which I think is a terrible idea. The main reason why people create class libraries on top of JavaScript is the constructor problem (that setting up the "inheritance chain" triggers the constructor even though we only want the prototype). "however i am not using werkzeug anymore as i don't like the way people act in #pocoo on freenode. this is the only reason i am not using werkzeug. they are ignorant and i don't like it." Would be nice to know if this is a general thing or if we did something in particular wrong. Because if that is what you remember of this channel we should really improve our behaviour then. So it would be nice if you could elaborate on that. I'm embarrassed it had to come to that, but the testsuite was lacking tests for templates in folders and a bug sneaked in. Hopefully it will work with any WSGI application because even Django applications might use WSGI components and thus have a custom WSGI application object. posixpath.normpath can never leave ./ in front: >>> import posixpath >>> posixpath.normpath('./../test') '../test' > The author also makes a common mistake: blacklisting as safe string escaping. Which is why it says "at the very least". Werkzeug's secure filename function explicitly only whitelists characters in filenames. > Moreover, this whole article embodies the statement NEVER, EVER, IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TRUST USER INPUT. The problem is that often you will assume that certain APIs were written with that in mind when they were not. os.path.join for instance looks very innocent. I expect my database abstraction layer also to handle SQL injection projection for me, so I would be very confused if SQLAlchemy turned out to not escape strings passed in as placeholders. Sympathy or not, these things happen. > I really hoped Armin would come around, and I committed to Werkzeug for a new project with eyes on 3. All commits to Werkzeug are currently happening with a port to Python 3 in mind. However I am not going to do the same mistake the standard library made in many parts and change the semantics of the library for Python 3 and trusting 2to3 to do the correct thing. A full port of Werkzeug to Python 3 will take time but it will happen eventually. The point here is that everybody should go with Python 2.7 and write the code forwards compatible. Then you have all the options (of going with PyPy if you need and upgrading to Python 3 if it's worth the effort). All I can say right now is that so far users are not too eager with Python 3 yet and I have limited resources as well. If anyone wants to help out, I am more than happy to assist in any way possible to make Werkzeug run on Python 3. I also monitor changes in the stdlib that could affect WSGI on Python 3, so it's not that I'm ignoring it. Python is not on the way to suicide. All I said was that right now you shouldn't be too concerned with Python 3 yet and instead make your own code upwards compatible. If your base Python version is 2.7 upgrading will not be the biggest problem, especially not if you are working on a high level like you do when you use a web framework. He is not. I had that post mirrored on that website for a blog post about a year ago. I have no idea who submitted that here. In Python versions older than 2.6 and on Google appengine it's the only reliable way to generate bytecode. For things like template engines this is important to not add extra overhead over an already slow language. > If your application's bottleneck is in parsing templates, either everything else is really fast or you have way too many complex templates. There are countless of examples where the template engine is the bottleneck of an application. If you are doubting that, I welcome you to try it yourself. Benchmarking Django's templates and Genshi is an eye opening experience. :) Never trust a benchmark you didn't run yourself. A realistic Genshi template is butt slow. More than a handful function calls per byte emitted is not uncommon. Regarding Django it become a lot slower when they introduced automatic escaping and loop item unpacking a while ago. I have seen many people switching from Django templates to Jinja2 especially because of the increased performance. > It just seems they've been working on 1.3 for soo long. Sam Lantinga recently left blizzard and converted SDL into a commercial project. That shows his commitment to the library, so it's barely a duke nukem forever. Also SDL 1.3 is perfectly useable. > * GL_COLOR_BIT should be GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT. This may be a change which occurred between the version the author used and the version I pulled today. Fixed. > Doesn't really mention which OGL libraries are needed. Cmake is amazing :D As the author of said document: The title here is misleading. While this attack is a form of CSRF, doing that does not magically solve all your CSRF problems. It just counters one particular attack vector which are JSON responses. > Because [] is not syntactic sugar for new Array In Firefox 4 and other new browsers this is no longer the case. But right now it's still an issue as many people are using older browsers. I would describe it more carefully. Bottle's advantage that it's self contained and in a single file, however bottle's design also hides away the application object from you which makes it quite hard to have more than one of them. It is possible with the stacked object thing and I think they changed it even to make it possible to do what Flask did, but when Flask started at least there was a design difference there. By now I really would like to see them merge, but Bottle wants to stick to the design idea of just having one file which Flask will never be able to do because of the dependencies. We're getting rid of all the magic we can avoid. With 0.7 barely any magic is left with the notable exception of backwards compatibility. > Some people feel @auth_required() is ugly. That's all. The biggest issue here is backwards compatibility. Nowadays I just make a separate decorator that accepts arguments and keep the old one around unchanged. I learned my lesson :) I could also aim with a bazooka at my foot. Been there done that, lesson learned :-) > My rule is to either work with integer Unix timestamps or timezone-aware datetime objects. A naive datetime object is, well, naive. If it's the number of seconds since the Epoch, represent it as a number, not an object. The object is basically just a wrapper around that number anyways. From the programmer's perspective there is not really a difference. Even in that situation it's a terrible idea to store local time alone. In the calendar situation (which is the exception not the rule!) I personally would store the time in UTC, in local time and the name of the country separated. I would not store the local time alone because what do you show in the calendar if you are in a different country? If the assumption is that the problem is a theoretical one because nobody has appointments in the middle of the night when DST changes come, I present you with sysadmins, rescue workers and other people that do have these things scheduled at odd times. I know that around DST changes many people explicitly not work over night to avoid these issues. Same with year changes and other situations where computing and time does not work properly. For instance overnight trains in Europe just wait for an hour and do nothing. > You store the local time and timezone. You show the value in whatever timezone the user configured the application. Because local time is ambiguous. During DST changes local time can mean that it happens twice. Your calendar would have to show 4 AM twice for instance and if you want to make an appointment there you would have to select which one you actually mean, thus UTC + local time. But granted, it does not happen often that people schedule appointments during DST switches, but certain professions have to so certain people already have to live with that. > If you store both the Unix timestamp, the local time and the timezone, you have too much information. Nope. That is incorrect. If I store local time only + timezone and someone sets a date during that transition window it's ambiguous. If I store the date in UTC only and remember the timezone that date was intended for I will not be able to account for changes in the timezone. For instance the legislation of the country could deactivate or change DST settings (which is not uncommon). In that case the timezone information of my operating system will change again and my appointment will move without my consent. If I store both I can see if they are still in sync and if not, prefer the local time and rebase as necessary. In practice: compilers usually don't touch expressions with volatile vars. > Can't the system just do nothing to signal it's not ready yet? In an async system that means you either have to suspect execution (for instance by yielding something) or to block. And blocking is bad. > Python 3 support Will come eventually. Right now the topic comes rarely up and it requires a ton of work on the Werkzeug side to make it work in a way that is user friendly. That being said, Flask and Jinja2 are not the problem here. The former easily works on Python 3 and the latter already does (just that we don't have any users on Python 3 yet). I have no idea how the LOC numbers of Flask come together though. Flask itself is 1.4KLOC, Jinja2 is 6.5KLOC and Werkzeug is 10KLOC (all measured without tests). Even if you add them up you don't end up with 32KLOC. > Where does one draw the distinction between micro- and megaframeworks? Or, for that reference, just a "framework"? Here is how we (Flask developers) define microframework: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/foreword/#what-does-micro-mean Those are not lines of code. That includes docstrings which all of Pocoo code is full of. If you want to measure lines of code you at least have to skip comments, docstrings and empty lines. And for that there is sloccount. This also includes the testsuites btw. With this little script ( http://paste.pocoo.org/show/465885/ ) I get the following results: Flask 1467 LOC Jinja2 6560 LOC Werkzeug 9923 LOC Bottle 1910 LOC (FWIW) > Bottle does what it does with 1/10 of the code that runs flask. Not all of the code that is in Jinja2 or Werkzeug is used by the average Flask application. Also Flask does a lot more than Bottle, even for the same things. The routing system behind Werkzeug itself already comes close to 1KLOC (and for good reasons). Which is why I think that any comparison between Bottle and Flask is pretty pointless, it's not really a fair fight for either. For Flask it was never a goal to have less code than another framework, in fact, from our perspective that's quite a pointless goal. Indeed. The whole concept of when a framework starts or stops being micro is quite arbitrary. > Flask creates new concepts that seem counter intuitive to me at the first look. You don't have to use them. Just do the Bottle way if you prefer. What killed the service for me was the lack of .io domain. > We lost that argument because no one cared I think the Python community in general adopted that Concept though. The term "view function" is much more common than "controller method". Flask at one point even had the term MTV in the docs I think but we just got rid of it and no longer mention any design patterns there. It's just too much confusion. Often enough people jump into the IRC channel and ask how to use "MVC" with Flask and what their question really boils down to is how to use a class instead of a function. Design patterns are good and well, but I think documentation should encourage more thinking outside the box. You are preaching to the choir. :-) I will check this, this is just for testing anyways. > Big fan of Flask, so I do hope there will be other methods of authentication (or none at all until you want to save your work). Sorry for that. I thought it would be the easiest way for people to sign up but I guess I will add OpenID as well. There goes my unique flask-extension documentation style. :( It's not very hard to do. The trick is to know a resource that only the user can access and then trigger an HTTP request to it. For instance if you have website a and say the user profile "mitsuhiko" can only be edited when you are logged in as "mitsuhiko" on http://a.example.com/profile/edit/mitsuhiko you could use this code to see if the logged in user is "mitsuhiko": Why does this work? Because onload is fired if the resource answers with 200 OK, not if it's a valid script. onerror is called for any other error code. So if you know what you are probing for: easy. // Edit: Yes, this is most likely not what Facebook is doing if that's their only method of security. However see my reply to the first comment here about the security aspect for a possible way to solve this problem. > Except something like this would be easily spoofable, ie. you could set your hosts file to make all a.example.com links return HTTP 200's, or open firebug to call user_is_logged_in() and you could reset passwords without any email. Yes. But depending on how gmail works it could me made reliable and secure. For instance if you can share images with gmail users you could generate a unique image for that user, do the same thing with an tag, access the image data with JavaScript, send it back to the server and compare if the contents are the one you shared. I do not have a gmail account so I don't know if this is possible, it it seems like it would be possible for Google+ from briefly looking at it. It would work on any service that allows you to share an image with one individual user. Only facebook knows the image it generated. Since that image is only shared with that one mail address you won't be able to spoof it unless you control that mail address. > The service would need to send out the Cross Origin Resource Sharing headers in order for the image to be accessible via and the service also needs a means for the querying server to test if a certain image is indeed the one associated with the user. // EDIT: ignore what was here, you're right. You are missing the two way communication that is impossible with URL handlers. A URL handler can only transmit information in one way and cannot do that implicitly. The user has to click on that link. > Sounds like the author of the article has no idea what a multimethod actually is then. :-) The author (me) knows what multimethods are. I did however not find a better term to refer to the `iter(x)` -> `x.__iter__()` / `x.__getitem__()` concept. > could you explain why you think that expression has anything to do with multimethods? You can override the behavior of a function based on the types involved. For instance ``coerce(a, b)`` calls ``a.__coerce__(b)``. By overriding ``__coerce__`` for one type you can customize this. Way to miss the issue. I was not suggesting ":=" for global variables at all. I was suggesting ":=" as a replacement for the nonlocal keyword that Python 3 has to solve the issue I was demonstrating. > Obviously, plenty of folks managed to write bug-free code in Python before "nonlocal" was invented. Python has the inverse behavior of CoffeeScript. So that was never an issue. > I wish that he would allow comments on his blog. Why? Hackernews and reddit exist and everybody is free to send me a mail or contact me on twitter. This way I do not have to moderate any comments or deal with spam. > I also wish that he could engage the broader CS community in a proper forum before dissing the language and/or creating a fork of the language. And do what? Duplicating an issue that is already there? Commenting on a dead issue? The author has expressed his unwillingness to deal with this issue so why should I reopen the issue there? > He's overreacting. How am I? I wrote a very short blog post about why I think the scoping is bad and how it caused me problems. Many people asked me on Twitter why I think the scoping does not work as good as it should and since I only have 140 characters to explain stuff there I wrote it to my blog. How else should I communicate that? > CS does have a mailing list, but most of the action happens via github issues. There is an issue about this topic from a year ago which was closed and the author does not want this to be changed. I am okay with that, a language needs leadership. That does not mean however that other people should not know about this issue when they design the next programming language. The CoffeeScript sourcecode itself does not advocate it. It uses functions named like 'last', 'starts', 'ends', 'extend' etc. > As an existence proof, Ruby gets along just fine without it. Missing that Ruby stops scoping variables at a method and uses separate lexical scoping rules for constants thereby avoiding this issue mostly. Mootools still disqualifies itself in my mind by patching around on builtins. The game ships a libmysql library. Unless they got a commercial license for it, that's a GPL violation in the wild. libmysql is GPL licensed as well. > Even if they DID need a license you are out of line to suggest they are automatically infringing and didn't just purchase the commercial license. Well. You do need a license. No question about that. I did not say they are infringing the license, I was saying that unless they bought a commercial license for it they would be. Maybe bad wording on my part but when I read that article the security implications did not nearly strike me as much as the fact that the game has to ship libmysql. I find that much more surprising than the fact that it uses a world writable MySQL database for the editor support. > This page consumed all the resources on my Late 2010 MBA pretty quickly. Not that the real minecraft runs well, but it's far more playable than this version. Well. There are a couple of reasons for this. First of all: yes, it should keep 4 CPUs busy. I spawn of four background workers so it pretty much hogs everything. That said, not only the world generation is slow right now, also the VBO generation is because I do some very conservative invalidation which causes some VBOs to be generated multiple times. I have a lot of stuff that I can do to make this faster and my local version already performs better but I caused some bugs in the coordinate system conversion and my frustum culling. I have to iron this out first before I update the live demo. This version (rendering wise) on my Mac does actually render faster than Minecraft at equal rendering distances. It's perlin simplex noise and there will be a longer blog post about how it works. It's just work in progress :-) Yeah, the world generation is not that interesting in my version anyways. The interesting stuff is how it uses web workers to move that into the background and how the VBOs are updated (or will be once I have finished that). > I noticed something : when the viewpoint is lookint at a flying block wich is not that big, it's lagging the same as looking at the entire world. Is is rendering something in the background which is out of the view? Yes it is. I have experimental frustum culling implemented but something with the coordinates is wrong and it starts to cull things it should not. > But I can't understand why it's that slow ;( Because it's work in progress and in many parts the implementation is just not finished yet. I need to fix the frustum culling, I have to improve the front to back rendering, have to switch to transferred objects for the web workers where possible, speed up the critical code paths and fix the Chrome performance bugs that come from too many VBO switches. The high CPU usage is expected because I spawn off four background workers that peg all your CPU. It's not intended for public consumption yet, so don't jump to conclusions. When I have finished this it will perform better. > Or is this 'demo' asking too much of WebGL? The WebGL part is only half the story. It uses webworkers for the perlin noise generation and this is currently very slow in JavaScript. > "Wait a minute. Sure it's cool, but what's the point?" Learning. I really can't recommend that. SPDY requires an explicit upgrade of the connection. This has not been fixed since OS X Tiger. In fact, they even removed functionality that mitigated that problem. I used to run a small application that would patch the acceleration curves but that API has vanished since Leopard. :-( Would love to get feedback on that btw. I found it quite useful for dealing with our internal API which however is more strict regardings OAuth than facebook is. I had to add some hacks to make it work with Facebook :) > but it won't work with shared pool. `a = 10; b = 10; show_names(a)` will show both "a" and "b") That will actually show nothing because strings are not tracked by the cyclic garbage collector because they can never be part of cycles. Oh wow. I did not expect this to hit hackernews considering the slides are totally not intended to be consumed without notes. Let me just quickly point out a few things before I write up something longer about this thing. First things first: > I'd like to add that maybe Fireteam should have not chosen HTTP as a transfer protocol for games, where state is everywhere and HTTP is stateless. Although I don't feel qualified to suggest alternatives. We have very good reasons for supporting HTTP but it's not the only protocol we're implementing. As pointed out on one slide: HTTP is better supported than raw socket connections on certain devices we care about. > Trying to over-abstract network communication is one of the classic mistakes in distributed system design. We're not doing that. If you look at the slides we're 100% HTTP compliant, we don't make some fancy schmancy protocol on that just uses HTTP as a transport layer but does not embrace it. I have the "pleasure" to use SOAP in the past and this is not what we're after. We're basically treating HTTP as an implementation detail for JSON/urlencoded etc. REST. and we do that by sprinkling a ton of meta information around in the code. Once the request was dispatched to the function it's returned to the valuable information. One layer higher all the HTTP logic happens. The general workflow however is fundamentally different from what I did in the past with Flask or how Django works which also explains the title. I will write something up because I think from the slides alone you get a completely wrong impression about why this is cool :-) I will write something up later, unfortunately there is no recording from the talk and the slides by themselves are entirely useless. > We already have ONC RPC, DCE, Java's Remote Method Invocation, Jini, CORBA, SOAP, and .NET Remoting, among many others. Does this family of failure really need to grow any larger? Just that what we're doing is nothing of that. It's plain old HTTP with JSON. The implementation on the server side is the difference. > Interesting! This seems like something that might work well with 3.0's function annotation support with the ability to specify that the handler's input argument conform to either a the streaming or buffered interface. I thought so, but the annotations in Python 3 are largely useless. They would work if you could forward the signatures through a chain of decorators, but ther is no guarantee for that. I did play around with Python 3 but it's actually not in any way better for what we're doing here. > It feels like decorators provide the cleanest solution currently, but I've always wondered if there are alternatives. Decorators require a routing system that can resolve routing "dependencies". We're using the Werkzeug routing which was designed to do that. The basic idea is that it does not matter in which order you define the URL rules, the routing system figures out the ordering. If you don't have that, you would have to move the definitions to a central file (akin to urls.py in Django) to make this work because you need to define the ordering. We also experimented with having the meta information in JSON files but it was not really worth it. Having it next to the function makes it easier to maintain it. We're not abstracting HTTP away, we're just looking at the whole thing differently. In a way our code is RESTful and considers HTTP a way to implement REST. XMLRPC and other things throw all of HTTP over board with the exception of the entity body which removes all the advantages and reasons to use HTTP. Our stuff gives us an unified API and it's fully embracing HTTP. > There isn't any notion of 'buffered mode' in WSGI. It is just left up to the app to buffer as needed before yielding. Middleware and servers are not supposed to perform buffering. So I don't see how the two are conflated. How am I misunderstanding you? The problem is that you would have to support streaming because you don't know what the inner WSGI application is doing. Our stuff does not work on top of WSGI because of that. At the end of the day it is implemented as a WSGI application but it only uses WSGI for talking to the server. Last time someone submitted a draft of a blog post I accidentally published on my private blog titled "I'm doing HTTP wrong" about a talk I gave at PyGrunn 2012. I since pulled that and rewrote it to better show what our infrastructure is actually like. I'm more than happy to answer questions about that :-) Yes, we have something for that but it's customized for our type system. But I think I could probably write.something up about Sphinx customization. I haven't done the numbers in a while but from the given ratio I would assume your line checker tool treats docstrings as code. The red part there is for the most part just documentation, not code: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/flask/blob/master/flask/app.py (as an example) I would still recommend SQLAlchemy :-) I just pushed out a release that makes it possible to override the digest in a subclass easier. > I repeat: do not use SHA-1 in new applications. Probably, but not necessarily. It's not like the other sha versions are fixing the overall problem however. > Do not use this module. Even before the 0.13 release I just pushed out where you can override the module easier you could still easily change the hash method with a two line change. Also it's not like maintainers can't change things easily if modules are well defined. And even if the module would not allow changing the hash method easily SHA1 with HMAC is still incredibly hard to exploit. > Note to non-cryptographers: do not use low-entropy (password-ish) secretswith this, they can be bruteforced. (Using bcrypt/scrypt/PBKDF2 instead would fix this.) PBKDF2 for this would be possible, but a terrible idea. The reason why PBKDF2 works for password verification purposes on web apps is because you can rate limit the login entry point. Doing that for sessions or activation links like what you would use itsdangerous for is an easy way to have other people DDOS your app. PBKDF2/bcrypt etc. is not the solution for this problem. > ... when will they ever learn... When will some people on hackernews ever learn to start using their brain. PBKDF2 is not what you use to verify signatures. I think the name should already give that away. //EDIT: and when will I ever learn to read properly. I just realized that the comment was referring to the "salt" part, not the signature. > I forked the project and updated the hashing algorithm: https://github.com/andrewconner/itsdangerous That is not necessary, I adjusted the API so that you can easily subclass it and change the digestmod. > but it's a per-app password, so you can just do run bcrypt once, at startup. itsdangerous has nothing to do with passwords. It's about signing small messages and these messages are obviously created at runtime. > nonsense and just use a really strong secret key That's how you should use itsdangerous: use a strong secret key. > If rate limiting login attempts was all it took to protect passwords, then it wouldn't matter what hashing function you used, since the rate limiting would be independent of that. It does not matter what hashing function you use for the login. It matters in case your database leaks. > The use cases you described (session keys, activation links) are the perfect example of such environments. They are not. Because you don't want to reverse engineer the contents of the message (the message is there in plain text). That's the reverse of what you want to do with passwords. In case of the password you want to brute force what the password is, in case of a signed message you want to forge a signature. > The parent comment doesn't suggest using a PBKDF2-type construction to verify packets, but instead only to generate the secret key used by HMAC-SHA1. That's a one-time operation. I am officially an idiot now. I see where the original comment is going with. Namely the "salt" part of the library, not the verification of the signature. You can just use a different secret key or derive one yourself. I sincerely apologize for missing that and the comments that resulted from that. That said: the secret key is the important part there, not the salt. The salt is just used to alter the secret key that the use of the serializer in two different places for different purposes does not create the same signature. The intended usage of the whole thing is to not use the salt at all but to provide different secret keys. The "salt" part was taken from the original django implementation with the idea to stay mostly compatible with their format. Could that be improved by switching to PBKDF2? Probably, but breaking a lengthy secret key is an impossible operation currently, even with SHA1. > Also, PBKDF2 has nothing whatsoever to do with rate limiting login attempts. That's not what I meant. I meant that PBKDF2 on a server is feasible because you can rate limit the endpoint. I don't want my servers to be on 100% CPU because someone spams the login form. > I don't know what you mean by "lengthy secret key" `os.urandom(120)` for instance. That's what Flask and Django document. I can see how this is not obvious from the documentation which puts a human readable string in there and I will update it appropriately. > Also, HMAC "authenticates" and "verifies" messages; it doesn't "sign" them. "Signature" has a subtly different meaning in crypto. I agree. The use of the word signing for this however is quite widespread and I adopted the same meaning (and implementation) as with the original Django one for compatibility. > SHA256 As it is, the size of that digest is also 14 bytes more and I don't feel happy truncating the hash. The bigger SHA2 versions are even longer. Considering that thing should go into cookies and URLs I did not feel very happy with that. > You would indeed be better off using SHA256. Probably. I was indeed under the impression that SHA2 is based on the same building blocks as SHA1 but I assume that is not the case. That being said: upgrading is not hard if it even comes to the point where it would be necessary. > When using SSL, the remote domain name is transferred over the wire in plain text. Anyone able to sniff the traffic can know exactly what domains you're looking at, even when you're using HTTPS. Without SNI you can only have one domain name per IP so that security consideration is not really an issue. > can someone explain why it's idiotic? It's just very complex and until Python 3.3 it was very hard to split things on the filesystem. See also http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0420/ Generally I think Brett Cannon has at least one talk online about how the Python import system works which is quite interesting. What you can't do with the Python import system is having an `org.foo.bar` and `org.foo.baz` as namespaces if they are from different PyPI packages unless you do some hoops (pre Python 3.3). > Does anyone know if namespace packages actually work? They used to work somewhat. I had flaskext.* registered as a namespace package but unfortunately it conflicts with pip which is why new Flask extensions name their package `flask_bar` instead of `flaskext.bar`. The exact problem is that setuptools uses pth magic to put libraries into a namespace package which conflicts with pip's idea of installing packages flat into site-packages. > check out the Python-dev thread where this is being hashed out ad-infinitum rather than flamed to death Where am I flaming anything to death here? The sole purpose of the post was to point out that certain things worked in setuptools that broke with the introduction of pip. That's neither bashing setuptools or pip, just stating something that you can observe yourself. It's an observation of an unfortunate effect of someone else taking the work of someone else to make a new tool and missing a usecase that the old tool supported with the end result of having two tools with overlapping usecases, but neither is a superset of the other. With some modifications virtualenv + pip works perfectly fine for us. It just takes some extra work and it's unfortunate that it had to happen. Personal lesson learned: try not to replace tools in the future without understanding all the usecases of the old tool first. > If you want to help I think that's one of the big fallacies of open source: that you should fix it yourself rather than saying that something is not working. I reserve the right to feel unhappy when something does not work and I reserve the right to share my experiences with others without having to feel guilty about not helping out. I tried patching pip to be able to install binary eggs but it turned out to be impossible without replicating all the logic in easy_install because pip by design does not follow it. Rather than making pip2 I decided against it and looked at what the problem actually is: we want to have fast builds. So we could solve the problem by copying over virtualenvs and fixing the paths. Perfect? No! But it's a simple fix and solves our problem. > I didn't see any vitriol in the article. I hope there was not because that was not my intention at all. It's more an observation that replacing things with other things is a dangerous thing because you can easily dismiss parts of the design as “useless” by accident. I had the feeling that happened when ditching setuptools and that's a mistake that problem should not be repeated. I made that mistake in the past already at one point where I tried to replace the Python logging library and I missde perfectly valid usecases in the process. > edit: also they work fine with pip so not sure what armin's issue here is. See this issue which ultimately made me ditch them: https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/3 > That isn't the takeaway I got. It was that Setuptools is broken, but so is pip and distutils2. Pip lost very worthwhile functionality that exists in setuptools, namely binary eggs. The takeaway should be that it's very easy to miss usecases by accident when replacing tools with other tools. > This is what needs fixing! Pip with access to compiled windows binaries. That's the same issue really. Pip can't install (by design) binary distributions. Neither eggs nor .exes. So you are limited to easy_install on windows in many cases. > What is really ridiculous is to flame about how there is fragmentation in Python packaging, and COMPLETELY IGNORE the ongoing efforts which have made progress in exactly that area. And if someone tries to mention this progress, call them irresponsible. That is ridiculous. It was pointed out in the past already that packaging/distutils2 is not yet implementing all functionality of setuptools. Right now I would not recommend using it personally. Then again, just my opinion. > I didn't put binary support into pip because (a) it didn't work well on some systems, and (b) I didn't use the other systems. I am not aware of rejected patches to support binary packages on Windows (where it would be nice to include), or even rejected patches on other systems (where I think it would be misguided). I did not even manage to come up with a patch that adds binary support. I looked into it one or two months ago and the way pip finds and installs packages is very different from how easy_install does it. It looked like too big of a task for me to do in the time I allocated for it. Until two months ago I did not care at all about binary distributions. It never was an issue for me. Suddenly a requirement change and I was presented with a problem that turned out to be tricky to fix with pip but easy as pie with easy_install. This is not a criticism on either pip or you as a person, just an observation of how easy it is to miss something because it does not fit ones personal requirements. I certainly did not care about binary eggs until I had to deploy code to more than one machine and wanted to have the ability to quickly switch between releases. > And admittedly the code is hairy too – but who wants to fix that? I don't! No one does! Yes. And now it's getting replaced with a new system and I hope that's not going to make the same mistakes. I certainly don't feel like I'm up to the task of making a replacement for distutils/setuptools. > This is a very hard feature to live without for everyone. I never ever uninstalled a package since I started using virtualenv. I always just trash the venv every once in a while and recreate it from a requirements.txt. > Hi, that's Martin Sustrik here. Couple of points: Out of curiosity, was it impossible to prevent the fork from happening? I do like the idea of ZeroMQ quite a lot but this can only work if it will end up on kernel level at one point and if two projects compete for that spot that probably does not help its cause much. > In the author's situation, the normal loop of the client shouldn't be to just call blocking receive forever, as he discovered. Instead it should loop, polling the socket with some reasonable timeout, and between iterations do things like check for shutdown signals, parent process exiting, and the other typical housekeeping tasks. Then you only call receive when poll has told you there are messages waiting, and then you call it without blocking. I think in my case the confusion behavior came from the fact that I started using a project that used ZeroMQ and build part of its implementation on REP/REQ sockets and showed that behavior. Then I went to the ZeroMQ documentation and it does not present the REP/REQ examples with a caveat that they might block the client if the "server" goes away unexpected. > I wonder - is there any MQ that does not suck ? ZeroMQ is not an MQ but it does not suck. That particular behavior is just confusing and should probably pointed out in the docs, even if it's supposed to be obvious. Also it would be nice if you could poll for transport level disconnect events. > As I explained, for me that day will only come when I switch out a ton of libraries whose bugs and warts I had to painfully work around, as the maintainers have either left or explicitly replaced with different libraries. I question whether this effort is worth it. I can't see myself dropping 2.x support anytime soon. > I've never heard of any plans regarding JIT in CPython. You might have mixed it up with PyPy or Unladen Swallow. Both of them use JIT to speed up their python interpreters. Unladen swallow was supposed to be in CPython at one point. For Europython i wanted something that goes with italy :) I was a huge opponent of thread locals for a really long time but I finally had to acknowledge that they make things easier instead of harder. And the reason for this is that thread locals exposed are a very explicit thing compared to magic thread locals hidden somewhere in a framework. The fact that you can do `_app_ctx_stack.top.mydatabase_connection` to get a database connection from anywhere is very helpful. Frameworks that did not expose thread locals still have them. Just special cased for certain things. How does User.objects.all() get to the current transaction? Correct: a thread local. It's just hidden in the core of the framework. Not having a thread local there is nearly impossible, especially if you need to work with foreign libraries that do not support passing in of information. It's just going to cause a horrible API. (Not for the view case, but for things like database connections) Flask does not hide things from you. It is very explicit, honest and upfront with everything it's doing. Is it the best solution? I am pretty sure it's not. I do however think that it's a very viable one. The talk is very advanced and I think I did not make that clear enough from the summary on the website and I learned from that. I also plan on doing a “postmortem” that gives more context into some of the things the talk was mentioning and why it works the way it works. TL;DR: you can't live without thread locals or you have a horrible API. Flask embraces them on every level and tells you how you can deal with the downsides of it. We have builtin support for greenlet concurrency even without monkey patching I should add :-) > Anyone care to explain what these advanced patterns are useful for? It's not intended to be used by newcomers. It's for people that write Flask extensions that should work in a wide range of environments. The word “advanced” is in there for a good reason. > How does this compare with Flattr? It may be slightly different, but is it sufficiently different? Gittip works, flattr does not for the most part. Flattr works probably if you push out a ton of content, but that's pretty much it. If you want to get recurring donations for an open source project or something similar without spending a lot of time with the system you can pretty much ignore flatt. Also you can't be paid on flattr unless you pay others at the same time. German has the separators switched around. I made something similar a while ago but more with a focus on the world gen and larger worlds than the crafting aspect. If someone wants to hack on it or look at code, be my guest: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/webgl-meincraft Funny how the inverse would not work. It's very common for javascript compressors to reduce statements to expressions if that's possible. Even uglify-js does that and that ones is not particularly amazing. You could just use our curlish wrapper ( http://packages.python.org/curlish/ ) which just wraps curl directly. You get a nicer UI if you want but still the full power of curl. You won't see it confirmed by people because there are NDAs around it. And people that are happy with their Microsoft account managers have no reason to complain on twitter or any other tech blog and get into potential legal trouble :-) If only there was a preprocessor in the language that could be used to hide the keyword from older compilers. The web community needed a word and that one was chosen I guess. I am more than happy to change the post to refer to the thing with a different name but I could not find one. I would love to switch the default to JSON but people store too much stuff in their sessions that does not work on top of JSON (datetime objects and token objects are the most common offender). In fact the python-openid extension is the most common offender. Also I can't just switch the default because it would invalidate everyone's currently issued sessions. The issue is not new, changing it without breaking things is the hard part. It's a security issue if people leak their secret key. At that point you have a huge problem anyways. Also breaking things assumes that afterwards you are left with an equally functioning system which I currently don't think I can guarantee. It's still inline signalling and might conflict with what people have. Keep in mind that sessions are schemaless. It's not a huge problem changing that and I have a somewhat working implementation but it will break stuff, that's just how it works unfortunately. > Why are we still storing session data in cookies, whether encrypted or not? First of all they are not encrypted, they have a MAC. Secondly because you can verify the basic information of the request without hitting a database which is very convenient. In fact if it would not be for signed cookies Flask would not have any sessions because it does not dictate a data store. However you can easily change that: http://flask.pocoo.org/snippets/75/ > Think of all the bandwidth and latency you could save by not sending those kilobytes back and forth! You are not saving anything there. A session should really only contain user id. For what it's worth, I implemented JSON based sessions for testing purposes: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/flask/commit/4df3bf2058954624f9... They are currently on a separate branch and they are known to break python-openid (and with that Flask-OpenID). I don't have a solution for that yet. If someone is really concerned regarding security you can copy/paste the code into your own project. The session interface in Flask is pluggable for a while already. I should add that this will not be at all the final implementation for Flask 0.10 in case I want to change that. If the change of the implementation will happen I will make itsdangerous (separate Python module) have a way to serialize the custom objects properly and then add this as a dependency. That was my thinking so far in regards to this issue. I do however understand the concerns so I am probably going to evaluate a few alternatives. That's not really true. You could easily add another piece of information to your session that is derived from something stored with the user (for instance a running counter). So if someone runs away with your session you add a button "logout everything" which increments the counter. When the session is accessed for the next time the counter values don't match and the user is logged out. Just that codecs supported incremental operations and base64.b64encode did not. Handling HTTP transfer encoding in python 2 was a matter of two lines and worked on arbitrary stream data. In Python 3 that's now ~50 lines of code with different behavior for each transfer encoding and not all of them support stream processing or have the same interface. Where there are shadows there is light. Better license. Is it that hard to avoid stealing someone else's stylesheet unmodified? That's exactly the same stylesheet I had on my blog until a few days ago: https://github.com/mitsuhiko/lucumr/blob/8ca68485ca230f772b0... Makes me grumpy :-/ > Your site appears to be open source There is no license anywhere which makes it closed source. The exception to this is that actual content published on the website (notice, this does not cover stuff in the github repository of the same name) is under the Creative Commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike License which is also not an open source license. In a separate repository there is the build tool for the website which is under an open source license (BSD). > He probably should have given credit, but I don't think it would be considered "stealing". It's against my licensing wishes. I generally don't like the idea of open sourcing visual styles precisely because I do not want other people to have websites that look the same. Visual styles are associated with their creators or companies behind it. For the same reason I license work under the three clause BSD license and not the MIT license. TL;DR: source code available != open source. //EDIT: the source code is on github because it makes it easy for people to see changes being made between revisions of articles if they want and it's an easy way for people to provide pull requests if I make a typo. The stylesheets or templates are not licensed under an open source license. In fact they are completely closed source. Don't worry too much about it though because I have since changed the design of my website. You were not the first to just copy the design. I would however prefer it a lot if you changed the design. > why did you put it on github then? For other people to learn, as an example of how to use rstblog, easy way to contribute fixes for typos and my horrible grammar. Also the actual texts after publishing are creative commons licensed (which however is not an open source license). It comes with strings attached. > Are you sure you're not proud instead? :) I am proud that people like it to the extend that they reuse it. I am proud and happy that people generally seem to like what I am doing. However I have an internal conflict with myself how much of that open source spirit applies to visual design, trademarks, logos and more. I spend a lot of time to figure something out for the Flask project and the styles that go with Flask and extensions. There I have them under a full open source license with the added wish to the license to be a nice person and only use the style for Flask projects, however this is not binding because that would make it hard to get the project into debian. What? The only thing with BSD it says is this: > All of the open source stuff I work on is BSD licensed which means you can do with it whatever you want. Nothing about the website is open source work. It says that if I make something open source it's BSD licensed. You can spot open source work because it comes with a license file that has an open source license in it. The website does not. > Armin Ronacher has long been grumpy about Python 3 so don't count on a Flask port any time soon There are different reasons for why I am grumpy though. The things that stop me from porting stuff to Python 3 from the side of Python are largely resolved. In that regard I am just a lazy person and nobody cares about Python 3 YET . As far as the general development of the language goes there is still a lot missing in Python 3 that worked in Python 2 so I am not excited yet. Port will happen though, just have to decide when I will break the API to make it possible. As it stands right now a port won't be possible without breaking Werkzeug's API because it's just one level too low. But you could not complain on your blog then! I wonder how they do it. I was looking at how many changes were necessary to make CPython run on WinRT and it looked like quite a large undertaking. Did they patch mono by hand or is there some open source work available for that? //EDIT: apparently monogame already supports Windows 8. Interesting. Probably not something that required changes in Mono. POST is perform, PUT is replace or set. > I didn't think of it as OSS financing, but rather as a way of making Armin's Friday beers-with-friends free for him. And I am very grateful for that. I would never have expected the amount of support through gittip in the first place seeing where it started out. I am very happy with my job and I don't want to do my Open Source stuff as a living (at least for a while). That however does not mean the concept could not evolve from where it is currently to something bigger. Generally things tend to start strong in the community where the creator came from just because of connections. I remember github being much more Ruby focused than it is today when it started out :-) I can't stress enough btw that I am more than happy with what I get out through gittip :-) It's not that hard until level 8. At that point I got too lazy to actually continue with it :) Time to be an ass and demand the source code because he has to provide it for three years. //EDIT: he does not even link to the violations. Where is proof that someone actually violated the license? You have no idea how happy I am right now that I have a machine that managed to get itself into the state where the only real option is a reboot. I feel like thrown back to glorious Windows 98 days. Especially the amount of debugging information you get out of this service is so wonderful, it was a pleasure to debug. And yet firebug is still the better console. Why do fancy things like tilt and this input box have priority over getting basic things like the console output under control? Just look at this example side by side and tell me which one you prefer: http://i.imgur.com/tKr87.png I think dying on mars can be accomplished in a reasonable timely manner. Living on mars however might be hard. NAT will never disappear. That does not mean you get the money. Nobody is going to pay out 1.5B to any investor. Because he's an angle investor and quite successful at that. The whitespace rule as stated there is as far as my understanding goes incorrect. Whitespace is allowed between quoted strings and word tokens, not between individual production rules (if that is the term). By that I mean "q = 0 . 1" is invalid, "q = 0.1" however is valid. That simplifies things a lot. If you lex the headers in two phases (handle line continuations and header combination first, feed joined lines to parser) HTTP is reasonably simple to parse. > Responses to this method are not cacheable, unless the response includes appropriate Cache-Control or Expires header fields. The response does not include a cache-control or expires header, as such the method is not cacheable . iOS is in violation with the specification if that's what iOS does and the above specification is the reference. Just encrypt the traffic. This won't work with our games. We verify that the certificate was created by our CA and reject anything else. Someone would have to patch the game to bypass that. It also won't work on mobile phones that people use themselves. We're more in the area of things that actually are not websites than websites. The websocket stuff I added as an experiment and if people want to use our stuff to make HTML5 applications without a proxy server in between. If it's indeed between browser and website someone could MITM it of course if that person can also give you a fake security certificate into your browser. But on the large scale that will never happen. Maybe in corporate networks but I doubt that this will become widespread. > I think frames are awesome. It is easier to build a stream on top of frames than it is to build frames on top of a stream in my opinion (you don't need an extra protocol for starters). Besides that almost anything you would like to do can be expressed in frames, saving most of us a lot of headaches. Maybe I'm just old fashioned but I really don't like the idea of frames forced onto me. I much rather get my data in small pieces and can already start processing data as it comes in than having something buffer up everything and then giving it me as a large chunk. Streaming json for instance over websockets is a lot harder than TCP directly. > It seems strange to me that they use Visual Studio rather than mingw/msys. Do any HN readers know why that is? More widespread, easier to handle, more accepted among windows developers. My personal take on that is that there should be a point in actually attending a conference versus just looking at the slides :-) Don't do this. Your implementation does not work if someone invokes the dscriptor's __get__ by hand which is not uncommon. My implementation takes the shortcut but also still does the correct thing if you keep a reference to the property object. Can you elaborate what's the problem with DRM? Because the IE component is a core component of the operating system that other apps can rely on. Ruby and CoffeeScript do and their syntax relies heavily on it. `foo()` and `foo ()` are different things in ruby, so are `foo[x]` and `foo [x]`. That is significant whitespace. I wish the damn thing would support DNS. We have a bunch of servers to SSH into and I have to use the fully qualified domain name unless I want to hardcode all of them (and there are too many). And here I was hoping for a google codesearch replacement. AFAIK the 2012 air supports more than one external monitor when daisy chained. So what's the tickrate for nature's physics simulations? I want to see it one tick after inception. And I will continue to pitch our curlish instead which does not replace curl but amends it: http://packages.python.org/curlish/ It just wraps curl and adds some nicer options, cookie handling, oauth and colorizing to it. Same command line you are already used to but with some extras that simplify live and make it more enjoyable. Do I have to be PCI compliant if I use them? I agree strongly with that. It's easier to use, solves the deployment problem and does not even force the concept of objects onto a newcomer. And unless you will find a way for a male become pregnant that will never change. For better or worse there are differences between males and females and from a pure economical point of view that results in different risks in regards to employers. How exactly does that however play into sexual harassment on conferences? I think you just won the tasteless comment on hackernews award. > There's no inherent reason that pregnancy should result in women spending less time at work than men, and Danish parental leave laws mean that it's possible for a father to spend more time on 100% paid leave than a mother. The risk to employers is a consequence of local laws and social norms, not an absolute. It's not the time that matters, it's the timing. You can't legally (and you should not) force a pregnant woman to come to work. > There's this horrible idea that sexism doesn't exist in enlightened liberal societies Not all gender inequality is sexism. There are physical and psychological differences between our genders. Case in point: possibility of dichromacy among males versus potential tetrachromacy among females. > And in Denmark, you have no control over when a father might take paternity leave. This basic economic truth you're asserting is a product of society, not a product of biology. And even in Denmark there are days where the mother is not allowed to work for the benefit of the child. And that is a product of biology. Where did I do that? I wish they would ignore their damn differences and get Google's map data back :-/ Next step: invert signal and add them up. Pulse Audio is not perfect but what before was. People were bitching about PA and wanted OSS back. I seriously doubt that many of those actually do anything reasonable with audio. The only good thing about GDB is that it can execute almost arbitrary C code in the frames. Otherwise it suffers from the same problems as GCC in that people decided that being able to embed GDB had to be as complicated as possible and it shows. > (also note that pygments chokes on my perfectly valid ruby file, at `%r(\\\\)`) Pygments was actually better at lexing ruby at one point but the regular expressions were too complex and some other bug fixes broke other stuff. I think at the moment it's good enough. But yeah, I was in the same boat. I learned Ruby for Pygments. //EDIT: vim does considerably worse on that file btw. > - Why do I need a class for streaming JSON - Python's got a perfectly good `yield` for returning tokens in such situations. See the msgpack-cli example at the bottom. Say you have a function that returns a generator for tokens in Python. You would need another function that builds objects out of them. How do you customize how objects are being built? A class makes that simpler because each of the methods are extension points you can override. But yeah, a token stream would be much appreciated. > - Why would I ever design the JSON library to be extendable at the tokenizer level? For instance if you want to skip past objects. That's what we're doing for instance for unwanted input data. That implicitly also prevents hash collision DOS attacks because we never build hash tables for things that we don't want. It also gets rid of the suspension of execution when a garbage collector runs and cleans up a nested structure. I can make you tons of examples where the "build a tree, reject a tree" approach destroys an evented Python server. > - The 2GB JSON example is just weird. If you care about such use cases, you a) most likely have a limit on data size at webserver level, b) use proper formats for handling that size of data (I really doubt there's no better data representation once you get to GB sizes). Try using a streaming JSON API like Twitter's firehose. Most people just give up and use XML because there is SAX or if they go with JSON they newline delimit it because most libraries are horrible or useless for parsing streamed JSON. > You can do the same with python's msgpack as the C# version You can't. The unpacker in msgpack for Python only reads full objects. The C# version lets me go into and out of streaming at will and even skip past objects without reading them into memory. The only thing the Python version of msgpack can do with the unpacker is buffering up bytes internally until an object is ready. That object however could still expand into a 10GB blob of data which I would then have to postprocess. > IMO, the Flask example is pushing it - considering how large a job rendering a template is, the number of customization points is probably appropriate, but at some point you're going to get lost in a rabbit hole of wrapper functions that call wrapper functions The actual implementations do a bit more. I have pretty much overriden every single part of that at one point, if for no other reason than debugging. Some of those hooks were added later because people requested them. > It seems to me that the writer has little experience of not using classes, so wants to solve every problem he has with a class. That's a bold statement. Where is the trend to forcefully avoid classes here coming from? Classes are a perfectly valid tool in Python to solve problems. Someone sent me a mail this morning proposing a dictionary with callback functions in addition to a function as if that would solve anything. > Classes hold state. More state adds more complexity, and typical OO design add lots of layers of indirection which also add complexity. Most of the time, you don't need the flexibility that the extra indirection gives you. So you get complexity for little benefit. Functions hold state as well, they just encapsulate it. You can still break up your algorithm into a class with multiple template methods and then encapsulate it in a function if you're afraid of leaking state elsewhere. What I see instead is that people can't get rid of state and put it as global variables into Python modules. Case in point: pickle. It uses sys.modules and pickle.dispatch_table to store some of its state. > If you don't need to hold state, then a collection of functions will usually suffice. In Python, you can use modules for this. Classes have another advantage: virtual method calls. If one function in a module calls into another function in the module I can only do two things: a) copy/paste the library and change one of the functions or b) a monkeypatch which modifies a shared resource someone else might want to use with the old semantics. A class I can subclass and change the behavior for each method separately. We're using salt and while it's incredible buggy still it's the most impressive system we've used so far. It's faster than anything else because it does not go through the process of signing in through ssh and creating a unix session. That might sound like a boring detail but it opens up many possibilities by doing things like asking all machines for their system time and then doing something with it. Periodic reminder to the Linux and free software community of the damage they made with their ideology wars against the Mono environment. Mono is now the most popular game and one of the most popular app development environments. :-) Kudos to Miguel and the rest of the Xamarin team, the update looks amazing. The fact that it does not use a subshell makes it useful. You can trivially use it in bash scripts and cronjobs. I regularly write scripts that involve more than one virtualenv. At the moment this is trivial by just activating and deactivating envs from one script. Starting subshells is complicated because communication into the shell barely exists. Worse than that is that the shebang only supports two arguments and is heavily length limited. There is a good chance I will not attend your conference if it's not payable through PayPal. As a customer the extra safety net is very reassuring. Last time ubuntu replaced something we ended up with upstart ... While I do not recommend people to generate XML with Jinja2, it's actually not to bad at doing that. It will escape properly for you automatically and unlike many other solutions in Python it actually supports streaming. And just for the record: for firefox users there is fox to phone: http://www.foxtophone.com/ > Which everyone wants of course. Except me. Or my girlfriend. Or my parents. Or my sister. Or in fact, everyone I know with one. Even my mother has a problem with that on her iPhone. I installed her Dropbox and hooked up some of her apps on the same phone to the same account so that apps can share common data. Otherwise you have apps that take pictures and you can't mail out those pictures etc. I found it a bit disappointing that the divio slides look nicer than the final result. I loved the clean look of the original design. “Intelligent routing” is round robin and requires knowledge of the number of request handlers. It's not intelligent at all, it just means that you are ruling out high concurrency servers. If you would extend the whole thing to have a negotiation protocol that lets the load balancer know how loaded the individual backend processes are then you could start talking about intelligent routing. That however currently does not exist in the Ruby world. I suppose the trick with the navigation only works on certain touch devices? Does not work on my phone. What ever happened to talking to people and resolving a conflict without involving the internet? :) That's to be expected. Flask builds on top of Werkzeug, itsdangerous and blinker whereas Bottle reimplements part of what Flask and the dependency libraries provides itself. However for the vast majority of applications having strong foundations to build upon is the right thing to do.