There are likely some blacklists for known fingerprinting libraries. But, there's nothing that can tell you for sure, because it is also possible to fingerprint entirely server-side using the information your browser voluntarily transmits or contextual information about your connection. Edit: nevermind, it seems that “state broadcaster” implies more than I thought. > The only time a voltage sufficient enough to kill you, doest kill you, is when it is only present for an extremely small amount of time and/or not traversing your heart. The reason this is the case is because your initial premise is incorrect. Power kills you. Power equals work divided by time. This is why huge voltages over short periods of time don’t kill you. If you are suggesting that we aren’t able to say we’re at all time lows due to a lack of good long term historical information, then you also can’t draw the opposite conclusion that we _aren’t_ at at an all time low. We simply don’t know. But I’d bet it’s highly unlikely that a lack of measurement and/or recording led to better results. I do agree that trust is probably at pretty low levels — exactly because communication is more accessible than any time in history and therefore people have more opportunity to question authority. But a lack in trust doesn’t translate directly to violence. I think that people are becoming very complacent with distrust. The daily media barrage of reasons to distrust so many things has reached the point where it doesn’t cause outrage anymore. It has convinced some people that distrust is normal. Ease of maintenance is rarely a marketable feature in mass-market consumer products, and most often is deprioritized. A good risk assessment starts by evaluating possible attack vectors before they’re exploited. If you wait until they’re actively exploited, you might find yourself dealing with an incident response instead. Another big component of risk is trustworthiness. You might evaluate a vendor’s reputation, test/qa processes, support channels, and the legal environment they operate in. If you don’t even know who the vendor is, that’s a big barrier to establishing much trust. Not necessarily. Validating the authentication labels on a device might give someone enough confidence they can trust it for their particular threat model. While resellers add a definite uncertainty to the security of the supply chain, I think most people would find them to be more trustworthy than a counterfeiting manufacturer. I doubt intel is doing that in this case, as we’re talking about a NIC and not a DRM enforcement mechanism. ...but even if they are, checking a firmware checksum only mitigates risk if you otherwise trust the hardware. Counterfeit silicon could report back whatever your driver wants to hear. And even the presence of a a genuine intel chipset with genuine firmware doesn’t mean there isn’t a malicious component elsewhere on the board. There’s tons of counterfeit silicon out there. Most of them are just cheap approximations or copies of premium components with the motive to make a profit on their sale, but there’s not much preventing any of them from intentionally or unintentionally compromising their hardware. The popularity of programmable silicon and the standardization of silicon package sizes make this super cheap and easy to do as well. A static page is very cheap to implement, if the implementation has no other context. Large organizations have implementation costs and considerations outside of IT, however. I’m sure they could also change their revenue model, but that costs exponentially more than just changing the website to be a static page. Americans tend to relocate very often, relatively speaking to the rest of the world, IIRC. I think there may be some inherent sample biasing going on. I’m here because some European dude a few generations ago decided to move halfway around the world for a chance at a different opportunity, and I’d bet that influenced the risk tolerance of his kids as well. That depends on whether or not the employee is FLSA exempt or non-exempt. You can already opt out of that system, but you have to pay for that privilege. There is already a good number of lending options available to the many (millions?) of people disenfranchised from the traditional banking system. Usually that means offering strong collateral. But the terms of those options aren’t too great because trustworthiness and risk have a strong negative correlation. And those who can prove their trustworthiness almost always prefer to do that rather than pay extra. Doesn't the statement go both ways? How do you tell that a remote phone is in your contact list? > You definitely don't want to run your RDBMS on Kubernetes If you’re targeting AWS you’re probably better off using their solution, but you can totally run your database on k8s. And for some uses it’s even a good idea. It appears that rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure binds even unnamed parties of a class action suit, unless they exclude themselves from an eligible suit. https://civilprocedure.uslegal.com/class-action/binding-natu... I think that’s a good compromise. BTW, it’s actually pretty common in many US states for pharmacists to be required by law to fill prescriptions with their generic equivalents. According to the article, these experiments have already been done in the US before. Pronoun ambiguity strikes again. Yes, that’s what I was referring to, human-animal embryonic experimentation. > Imagine if it were legal for companies to pass something off as a "bank account" when they weren't actually a bank. Robinhood’s attempt at checking accounts come to mind... https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2018/12/14/sipc-hea... I don’t think the difference is due to income directly, but more to do with class/social expectations. Eating is a very social activity, and the way people eat is strongly linked to their individual and group identity. Healthy eating simply isn’t prioritized by some people/groups, and others don’t value it at all. And (the original) Windows Mobile. What do you mean by 'secure'? I just ran panopticlick in a fresh installation of Chrome on Windows in incognito mode. It returned a near-unique fingerprint with >14 bits of estimated entropy. Of course, that makes total sense, because many of the factors that can identify your system have little to do with the browser, but are determined by the underlying system: fonts, display, date/time information, graphics fingerprints, etc. That still won't work. Most people don't have 'extreme' privacy settings, so you'll again be unique. To resist fingerprinting, you want your setup to be as generic as possible. This is one reason why it's important that browser vendors need to tackle this issue by setting privacy focused defaults. To do this well, you have to take special care with how exactly you obscure them. If your browser refuses to report those values, or sends junk values, then you might actually make the problem worse. It's the internet version of this: https://xkcd.com/1105/ There will undoubtably be many thousands of travelers who show up unaware or unprepared for this. Do these people now have to purchase a reusable bottle if they’d like to carry around a water with them? I sure hope this doesn’t end up backfiring and creating more waste. Reusable bottles can consist of an order of magnitude or more plastic than a disposable water bottle, and if people aren’t reusing that bottle after they leave the airport, this might not actually lead to a reduction in waste. Guns have existed for hundreds of years. Why is this just becoming a problem recently? Employment law is a mixed state and federal issue. There are some very significant federal employment protections, such as the Civil Rights Act. Don’t Teslas have a few fluid systems, like coolant and brake fluid? Maybe they removed the vowels so that a randomly generated key doesn’t have any unexpected words in it? > why invent a cure, when you could instead invent a lifelong treatment? Here’s two reasons: 1. Because consumers will likely prefer a cure to a lifelong treatment 2. Because your lifelong treatment is going to be out of patent before you can collect on a lifetime of purchases. Terrorism is in the FBI’s jurisdiction to investigate, so it makes sense they would be involved to determine whether or not terrorism was involved. It also appears some federal legislation has been passed that directs the FBI to provide assistance to state authorities in this cases: https://www.fbi.gov/about/partnerships/office-of-partner-eng... Mostly the former. There’s nothing expensive about decapping a chip and tossing it under an electron microscope. Did they mean expensive to produce, or an expensive price tag (or both)? The Volt was a good car, but it was a $17,000 premium over something like the Prius when it launched. Even with price cuts for later model years, it was still not an easy sell for a buyer focused on economy. I think it would have sold a lot better if they had positioned it as a more upscale vehicle to match the asking price, or at least had given it some other value proposition beyond economy. I've never been able to figure out exactly who the target market for the Volt was. Literally every engineering project has to balance cost vs quality. Typically, “planned obsolescence” refers to an intentional defect that is artificially added in order to prematurely cause a failure. However, that doesn’t mean every failure is a result of planned obsolescence — defects can also can be expected under the normal course of a product’s lifetime. Premium product lifetimes are a result of premium materials and construction, which cost a premium price. Choosing the correct materials to balance the expected lifetime along with other performance and price characteristics is good engineering practice, not malice. GM used to make a Tahoe Hybrid. It was okay, but I think the price premium was a bit much for the economy gain. It also doesn’t help that the units of “miles per gallon” are not linear with consumption. A improvement from 10 to 15 mpg doesn’t sound nearly as impressive as an improvement from 20 to 60 mpg... but unintuitively, over 20,000 miles, it’s the same amount of fuel savings. Not necessarily. There's the added complexity of having an additional electric powertrain, but many this enables many hybrids to concurrently remove the transmission that a conventional ICE car would have. Prii didn't get their reputation for reliability by being unnecessarily complicated. Of course EVs are obviously simpler, but I'm not sure I'd say a Prius is more complicated than many ICE vehicles of today. Twin turbos and 10 speed autos aren't something exotic anymore -- those are available on the base trim of the F150. Preposterous! While the LG Smart Refrigerator, powered by SmartThinQ® technology, is certainly a premium product at an excellent price, I don’t think there’s any evidence here to show that the upstanding employees of the LG Corporation are behind any of these tweets. They probably wouldn’t know what it is or why they shouldn’t use it if they’re being introduced to the word via the Notes app. Because of age appropriateness. Guns are only sold to adults, and the only media censored in the US is that which is broadcast publicly to audiences of all ages. Nudity has been in US movies for 50+ years. Many platforms for children do already censor swears that are typed. > every movie star Is SAG-AFTRA prominent outside of the US? > Let the media center detect airbag deployment on CAN bus, then play a pre-saved quarter second audio sample at a fixed volume. That would be too late, according to the description in the OP. As a person with a motorcycle, I’m glad I’ve seen at least two people suggest only scanning cars :) > Here, I drive up to the pump, grab the right nozzle, fill up, go inside to the cash register and pay. That was exactly how it worked in the US until about 20 years ago. But then stations started to require prepayment because there were a number of people skipping that important final step. Why not simply bury it? Plastic is pretty intert and non-toxic. Wouldn’t that be much better in terms of carbon sequestration? Given that 'malware' is short for 'malicious software', one might make a semantic argument that DRM is actually anti-malware , as it prevents other software from operating maliciously. Copyright infringement is undoubtedly a malicious act under the law in most places. Any kind of security, authentication, or encryption software ever written was done so to "limit what you can do", so I don't think that is enough to constitute maliciousness. That being said, many DRM software implementations have been known to go beyond just protecting the rights of the content creators, and that's a different story. The vast majority of places in the world recognize the right for a creator to exclusively reproduce their creative works for a period of time so that they may enjoy profit from their creativity. That may be semantically different than “ownership”, but is otherwise functionally irrelevant in the context of this conversation. Many SV companies, and certainly tons of corporate America are subject to the same (or worse) criticisms. The concept of copyright absolutely does have a rational basis in scarcity. Creative works take a substantial investment of time and/or money to create. The idea that creators shouldn't have the right to control their works is wildly radical -- even more than the FSF's view. Even the concept of copyleft relies on the right of the creator to impose licensing on their creative works. If copyrights didn't exist, licenses that require source to be shared, like GPL, couldn't exist. You're well entitled to your opinion, but I'm glad the world doesn't work that way, because things like the restrictive clauses in GPL have been very good for the world. Do they need you to take them seriously in order to support their revenue stream? Yes, that's how everything is valued. This is why transaction data is used to determine valuations of just about anything. > I already said people who create things should be paid for that labor—or more to the point, have to be paid if you want them to continue to create things. > There are better ways. Like what, paying for labor instead of the work itself? That may work well (and already does) for more commoditized/custom-purpose/one-time-use creative works, but how do we apply something like that to something like recorded-media entertainment? Prepay for Taylor Swift's next album on Kickstarter? Here’s the second sentence on that page: > This card is constructed with stainless steel on the front and carbon in the back. Have you used their rewards program? You'll usually carry some sort of a balance to do so, and many people use the program. I thought the same thing. I fill my Starbucks balance up with a credit card, and I earn points on that. And that money is basically a 30 day free loan anyway. It's basically a leveraged investment payable in coffee with almost zero risk. The first column, which is about production, doesn’t use that value. Yes, we're aware. The entire article linked in the OP is a direct response to Google's claims about fighting fingerprinting. The argument made by the Princeton researchers here is that Google's claims are not likely to result in good user privacy. Semantically speaking, the elements that could be used to compose a fingerprint is not the same as fingerprinting. If I write a page that uses user agent / resolution to serve up a layout -- that's not fingerprinting. Fingerprinting would be if I tried to identify a particular user with those elements. I think the problem you're trying to illustrate is that it is difficult for a browser to determine what the requesting site intends to do with those parameters. The browser doesn't know if you want canvas access to draw a pretty picture, or if you want canvas access to perform identification of the user. > Ask who the competitors are, and what happens if we come in second place. See if you buy the answer. I suspect you won’t hear anything convincing. That’s kind of a silly and easily-answered question by itself, especially for tech. If you asked anyone with a minimal business background they’d have an easy answer for that: it’s a strategy leveraging first-mover advantage. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-mover_advantage In tech, there are tons of historical instances of imperfect implementations gaining high market share because of first-mover advantage. It’s a really effective tech strategy. Switching costs, vendor lock-in, and technical debt are huge driving forces for this. How is real-world throughput across the internet? I have a gigabit pipe that works just fine on a speed test, but most real-world usage doesn’t go that fast because of bottlenecks elsewhere. Not to imply that you are, but I prefer to embrace nuance rather than neglect it myself by dismissing misunderstandings of it. WiFi is a lot like a microwave, just with some important differences. WiFi is just modulated and about 1/1000th the power. There are real reasons why SAR regulations exist. I blame the misunderstanding squarely on journalists who picked up early stories about SAR limit studies and did an awful job of explaining them. I’m not sure the US should allocate resources to do that either. But that’s irrelevant, all countries have an interest in the success of their industry, and the strength of their utility infrastructure. These things have been a matter of political interest for millennia. Frequency of use doesn’t equate to importance. Example: checking 100 phone notifications about spam email is probably less important to society than a radio alert about a tornado warning. Besides the simple economic downsides of not selling the product, there are concerns about implementing critical infrastructure with a more nebulous chain-of-custody or engineering governance model. Companies that manufacture critical infrastructure within one's own legal/political jurisdiction(s) can be held accountable -- whereas those actions wouldn't be as possible for those outside of that jurisdiction. Or to put it more bluntly -- cyber warfare has been going strong for at least a couple of decades now and has only escalated in recent years. Or, as I suggested, they simply misunderstand. It's not a difficult analogy to respond to. Many people have microwaves, and they're safe, even though they even leak some of their radiation. We have standards for microwave emissions just like we have standards for wifi power limits. There's something to be said about the utility of old analog systems during emergency situations -- which is part of the responsibility of the FCC to account for. Dead phones and offline towers are not unheard of in disaster situations. For example: https://twitter.com/CarmenScurato/status/910957644256546817 The big difference here is that Audible is an audio-book seller which has licensing agreements with publishers, and they are commercially offering the text transcription. Those publishers probably don't have much leverage against third parties who make tools for personal use. Making copies for personal use is legal, as is manufacturing devices which can make copies. I figure the Android functionality is probably legal given this case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Corp._of_America_v._Unive... . Not unless the reader assumes that money equates directly to quality of life. America doesn't really have a reputation for wise spending habits and relaxed working habits. The problem is that social programs in the US are extremely [fragmented]( https://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/i... ), and a well designed program has to work in aggregate. Any solution to this has to be cooperative between federal/state/local authorities, but given that welfare programs are one of the most politically charged topics in the US, there's little chance that this cooperation will happen. I thought federal law required mass market vehicle manufacturers to make parts available for 10 years? Am I mistaken or did Tesla manufacture these under some low-volume exception? Because for every person who signs up and causes them a loss, there’s dozens of others enticed by the same rewards programs who make them a profit. Credit card companies aren’t having any problems being profitable. I would imagine the number of people who only purchase things that are in the 5% category on their card is extremely small. 1. Because those people who were enticed by that program might no be enticed to sign up in the first place if it says “5% cash back (unless you take advantage of this in which case we cancel your account)” 2. I bet government regulators might be a bit peeved by a company that systematically cancels customer accounts for behavior which is within the advertised terms of the agreement. Usually regulators frown upon luring customers in with an advertisement for a product/service and then purposefully sidestepping said product/service. 3. It’s probably such a small number of customers that’s it’s just not even worth their time. I’m fairly certain that it is not worth their efforts to cancel those accounts, evidenced by the fact that they either don’t do it, or the number of customers it affects is so vanishingly small that neither of us are aware of the practice. If you believe so strongly that it is worthwhile for them to do this, then perhaps you have an idea for a lucrative career. But as long as credit card fraud in the US is measured in billions, I’m going to guess that any manpower which can be assigned there is way more lucrative than any manpower assigned to demonizing their honest customers. Are there any of those that are 5%? If so I’m very interested. I feel like this author has not experienced living in a city where there was not enough parking to meet demand, and not enough public transit to make up the difference. It causes its own set of horrible problems. People will not give up their car if they still need it to go to work. You have to have the public transportation system before you remove parking spaces. Otherwise you’re going to make the problem worse , not better. If you remove parking first, people are going to avoid dense areas even more, which is the opposite of what you want to solve this issue. You want to encourage people to live and work in denser areas, not encourage them to move further away. On top of that, you’ll get illegal parking which causes property damage and poses risks to public safety. I have a hunch that any authority who blocks roads in LA to prevent traffic from flowing won’t have much of a successful career in politics. Even just plain old ground-level outdoor paved spaces often need rainwater management structures to meet code, which can easily cost more than the pavement itself. If you remove parking before the transit problem is solved, you’re going to make the problem worse by further discouraging density. People will continue to use whatever transit that works to get them to the places they need to go. If you block drivers from accessing an area without any alternatives , you’re simply going to kill any economic activity in that area long before anyone demands transit. People will individually seek alternatives elsewhere to continue their daily activities before they organize and demand political change. People will always make decisions based on where they need to go today . A building with no parking and no public transit, doesn’t have a bunch of people hanging around it demanding a 10 year transit project. They don’t have 10 years to wait. They need a place to work/shop/live today. Busses and commercial traffic also use and require roads. They don’t exist just for those commuting by car. ROT13 of course, designed to Roman military specifications. My mistake, ROT-13 is actually beyond military grade :D I wonder what happens when you Venmo a dead person. Given other stories I've heard about the difficulty of resolving problematic payments over Venmo with no recourse, I bet they don't have much of a robust system in place for resolving that either. Banking controls are expensive. It's cheap when you simply don't have them. Easy. Google’s CEO runs an advertising company. You assumption is that the app has two functions functions: sending and receiving email. It actually only has one function, put eyes in front of ads. Only if you are rolling around without a highly reflective license plate. In the example thread above, people are reacting by complaining about the problem. If they reacted by switching email providers, they wouldn’t be in that thread. I highly doubt Gmail’s active user count is affected by any more than a minuscule amount as a result. Those users aren't paying customers. Besides, it does appear to be a corner case. It has ~200 upvotes. Gmail has 1.5 billion users. That's 1 in 7,500,000. If every single one of them quits using Gmail, and they tell all of their friends, and all of their friends quit using Gmail , Google will still be able to tell their paying customers that those ads reach 1.5 billion users. > There’s no waste associated with putting an electric motor in a durable good that would potentially last 25-50 years. If that were the engineering goal, they would be able to achieve it while adding a very marginal cost to the bom. Now, when you don’t stop at just the condenser motor, and apply that line of reasoning to every part on the BOM, your appliance now costs double the competition. You can buy these appliances today, they’re designed for commercial use. > It's weird that repairability (either right to repair, or simply technical feasibility) has been a huge topic for at least 10 years in cars, mobile phones, home appliances, etc. And yet i haven't seen any end-user product really advertising it. 99% of people don’t want to repair their appliances. They either “don’t want it to break”, or want it to be repaired by someone else. A product labeled “commercial grade! 10 year warranty!” will always massively outsell a product labeled “user serviceable! Schematics included!” I have a feeling that's more to do with some people's reluctance to admit they were wrong about their initial conclusion, and so they cherry pick the facts to support their initial conclusion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choice-supportive_bias Possibly they would have drawn a different conclusion if given all the facts to being with. It's hard for many to admit they were wrong. You're being silly. All you have established is that cars and cameras are very different things governed by different laws. The point others were making is much more simple: neither DSLRs or purpose-built sports cars are particularly convenient for casual utilitarian use. People who buy both of these things lean more towards the 'hobbyist' side of things. You are absolutely right that there are many people who lug their DSLR everywhere. But I think you might be underestimating just how many people actually do go to racetracks. Of course, some people own fancy things as status symbols. But also, hobbyists don't have to continually "exploit the capabilities" of their hobby to be legitimate hobbyists either. Spills are a normal and expected occurrence in the course of life. I've spilled coffee on myself before, but I've never needed 8 days in the hospital as a result. It is also worth noting that the court in this case did not assign full responsibility to McDonald's; your point was certainly considered in this case. You are mistaken. Free classes like this are common at hospitals in the US. Not paid by insurance... free. Do a quick search and I’m sure you’ll find plenty. They’re typically called “community wellness” or “community education” programs. The era of 'supersize me' fast food marketing is long gone. Most fast food restaurants are not targeting that specific of a market anymore, they're aiming at a much large cross-section of the population. A better example would be an all-you-can-eat buffet. If anyone is having issues loading this site like me -- it looks like DNSSEC for this site isn't validating properly. https://dnssec-analyzer.verisignlabs.com/wattenberger.com Specifically targeting a population, and the coincidental demographics of that population are two entirely different things. That 70% is part of the 100% which they are actually targeting, but only coincidentally. There are plenty of fast food ads targeting health-conscious consumers. You could also point out that 70% of Americans are also Christian, but that doesn't mean every company that sells to Americans specifically targets Christian customers... ...also, most large fast food companies also have a significant presence in multiple countries. They're following the US government's own (very good) standard: NIST 800-63. It specifically bans most of these dumb practices listed in the OP. No 'security questions', no password hints, no special character or other composition rules, no short character limits, no routine expiration dates. The main idea is: let the user make the password they want, require two factor, and run their password against a list of known compromised passwords to make sure they don't pick something stupid. You’re right, I must have totally misread that page I linked. My resolver was returning a bogus result, I toggled DNSSEC validation, and didn’t dig much further. Looks like it‘s an issue with my resolver on this domain. Odd, because I haven’t touched my configuration in ages and I haven’t seen this problem before. Yeah, there’s a lot of misinformation all around here. Not to mention that production cars have a lot different dynamics than an f1 car. They’re designed with very different chassis goals in mind, so they’re going to exhibition very different behaviors around a track. I have a few days experience on track with an SCCA instructor. Braking late and at maximum deceleration is the basic idea, but braking can do lots of things and be used lots of ways. A light application of braking is sometimes important, not to slow the vehicle, but just to transfer weight to the front wheels before a turn. Also, it is possible to use light braking to induce some rotation mid-turn, especially in an FWD vehicle like a Leaf that will likely exhibit significant understeer. Driving a car around a real track is humbling for the first time. The first event I was at, some instructor was taking a few laps with his personal Chevy Volt, and he was effortlessly passing students in a variety of high dollar sports cars. It is very common for employment offer letters in the US to clearly specify that employment is offered at will . This status has slightly different exceptions by jurisdiction, but in general, it means the agreement can be terminated at any time by either party. Most people summarize this as "you can be fired for no reason", because that's the most commonly discussed scenario. But, your employer doesn't have to terminate your employment to terminate your employment agreement . http://www.ncsl.org/research/labor-and-employment/at-will-em... > At-will also means that an employer can change the terms of the employment relationship with no notice and no consequences. For example, an employer can alter wages, terminate benefits, or reduce paid time off. Now, they can't do this retroactively, but they can do it with zero notice. They wouldn't be subject to HIPAA, but they would be subject to GINA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_Information_Nondiscrim... That seems like a lot of money compared to existing prefab options. For the same or less money, why not use something designed to be a dwelling to begin with? The value of the structure does often decrease over time. The land might be a different story, if it’s a neighborhood where people want to move. Location, location, location. You can get property that decreases in value too, just move into a neighborhood in decline. Rent controlled places are great for the person living there. But, they’re bad for the supply of housing, which compounds the need for rent controls in the first place. I live in a city where there are more residential properties than families. Prices are a tiny fraction of what y’all on the coasts cite. Apartments under $1000/month in trendy neighborhoods is common here. I’ve rented small apartments here for $500/month. Rent controls may slow price increases , but encouraging supply decreases price . You can’t fix the problem until you treat the root cause rather than the symptom. Pinball games at the time often paid out prizes and didn’t always do so based solely on skill. The shift towards the modern idea of what pinball machines are like today was a reaction to laws threatening to ban them. I live in a more affordable US city and go to a small dentistry, I paid $80 cash for my last cleaning and x-rays. Well you’re in luck. Go down to your local used car lot and pick up a used 2010 Prius. https://youtu.be/CchHIy7JgvA The premise of this article is a straw man and a red herring. I haven't heard anyone in the intelligence community suggest that Huawei has already implemented any back doors in their devices. The concern is the ongoing support that is inherently necessary with networking equipment. Huawei has publicly stated that Ren Zhengfei holds veto powers as part of their shareholder agreement, so I'm not sure that their claimed ownership model actually translates to the same level of control that implies in the western world. Not that ownership matters anyway. AT&T isn't owned by the US Government either, but I bet the CCP doesn't want them implementing infrastructure projects in China. Actually, we know for a fact they don't because their 'national champion' policy is well known. The article implies that the US intelligence community has said there are back-doors; here's what I was referring to: > Now Huawei has called the American intelligence community’s bluff. Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei offered to license his company’s technology to the West and allow Western companies to take it apart, re-write the source code, and otherwise purge it of any possible trace of Chinese hacking It's not. Tense is important here. From the first sentence of your article, emphasis mine: > American telecom companies are being pressured by the government to avoid doing business with Chinese hardware manufacturer Huawei due to concerns that the Chinese government would use Huawei devices to spy on Americans. US authorities have not said Huawei has done anything nefarious. Almost all concerns are about what could or would happen. Someone tasked with national security recommendations must consider the future scenarios that could unfold as a result of present-state policy. This is why countries around the world have long considered basics like agriculture as an essential component national security. This isn't because they think other countries are poisoning their food during times of peace, it's because a reliance on basic needs gives excessive power to the country supplying it. I highly suggest reading some actual official reports to get a non-clickbait version of the argument: https://republicans-intelligence.house.gov/sites/intelligenc... Specialty welding can be complicated, but basic utilitarian welding is not. Head out to your local tool store, pick up a cheap MIG machine and some scrap steel, and plunk yourself down in front of YouTube for a couple of hours, and then spend a few hours practicing. Now, this won't make you good enough to weld on a bridge or an airplane, but you'll definitely be able to stick metal together for doing one-off stuff at home. Networking hardware requires continued security updates and support for secure operation. The current source code has no relevance to this concern. You should read the report I posted -- You'll find that there are zero concerns in it about problems with Huawei's current code. An offer to audit the current source would only be relevant to a concern with the current source code. While that is absolutely true, there is a level of confidence in knowing that the one from a hospital was sourced from a legitimate supplier and that it likely meets some level of quality control standards, legal standards, and supply chain controls. But this is more of a criticism of Amazon than anything, as those things would be true for a drugstore as much as it would be for a hospital. Yes, it obviously is a better image to have your school look engaged, rather than absent, on national TV. But the other reason (for schools with prominent teams) is that the number of seats available is often less than the number of students who might want to attend, so to be fair to students who actually want to attend, it becomes necessary to disincentive people from requesting tickets if they’re not serious about attending. It’s pretty common for schools to give out tickets in a lottery system, and then penalize your future ability to successfully get a ticket if you show a pattern of not actually using the tickets. Back when I was in school, this was tracked by scanning the tickets when you entered. College athletes participate voluntarily. Funny, because there was trouble, but it's actually the opposite of what you might expect. Apple was the one who was getting sued for entering into the music industry. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer Would a reasonable person believe FaceTime is associated with Facebook? Regardless of Stallman's opinions, whether perceived or actual (I couldn't care less about his non-tech commentary), his poor communication skills have long made him a subpar leader. https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Cancelled Sounds like that company either found an alternative or decided it wasn't important enough of a problem. This isn't a situation inherent to FLOSS. I've worked many sales cycles with commercial software where potential customers act exactly the same way. I wouldn't be surprised if this effect is even stronger for commercial software, because of the sunk cost effect. > One little nuance you have to keep in mind there is that many automakers now generally like emission regulations. The reason is because it creates a cycle of obsolescence. Make a car that will be noncompliant with expected regulations in 'x' years and you now have a guaranteed revenue cycle Not sure about other countries, but in the US, emission regulations don't work like that. Cars only must meet the standard that was in place when they were originally sold. My only concern with that is -- what if you actually need human support? hiQ v. LinkedIn means you probably aren't going to jail for scraping LinkedIn's website. It doesn't mean LinkedIn can't IP ban you. Google respects robots.txt. The most obvious is something like state department emergency assistance, but there's plenty of US government programs without a residency requirement. For example: federal student aid doesn't require US residency. https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/types/international Also, the taxes that the US imposes on citizens overseas has some pretty significant exceptions. US citizens can deduct over $100,000 worth of their foreign-earned income and part of their housing expenses. Procedure. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know I never said our tax code wasn’t complicated. I simply said expatriates still get some services for their tax dollars. I’ll be first in line to complain about complicated taxes. I file three income tax returns, thanks to the fact I live in a jurisdiction with local income taxes as well as state and federal. Of course that would be misleading! ...because Bill Gates would count “0x0d 0x0a” instead. :) The purpose of a contract isn’t to be efficient with paperwork or describe a high-level view of transactions. It’s a document that very granularly describes those transactions. Any large organization has many people with the authority to spend money, and each one of those transactions will be supported by a contract. > The President and Congress make decisions for all of the federal government. That’s fundamentally not true. Appropriations and appointments are not the same as “making decisions”, but even if they were, the judiciary still exists. No, I am not claiming either of those things. Of course, you can do the same with a bus too: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_rapid_transit Maybe not when used as a complete system -- the advantage is that you can piece in a BRT in specific areas where it would be advantageous, while the majority of the system consists of buses on regular streets. I'm not sure 'open source' is a very good qualifier to use in the name of this project. I read the license, and I'm not seeing anything analogous to 'source'. It doesn't appear that any details about the development of the seed has to be shared along with the rights to use the seed. If I'm not mistaken here, this just looks like a copyleft license, which is a totally separate concern from 'open source'. I'd agree with you if we're just talking about business users, or even home users with high-educational attainment. But this article is specifically about the broader population. In that context, I think your assessment that 'old GUIs' were more user-friendly is very rose-tinted. Back in the early 90s when those GUIs were everywhere, personal computers came with documentation, usually still on paper, because the devices weren't even user friendly enough that a typical purchaser could power on the computer and view documentation without help. And even then, these purchasers were a tiny subset of the population, typically with high educational achievement. This was a time when public opinion hadn't even yet tilted in the direction of considering computer literacy to be a skill useful outside of an office building. Computer skills were definitely (and even to some degree still is) something people would list on a resume. Consider the introduction of iOS. Windows Mobile had more features, more applications, was available on cheaper phones, and was entrenched in the business market at the time. It even followed traditional Windows design patterns, and applications often had a menu bar, as to your preference. They had plenty of documentation, and a link for 'Help' was always just a click away inside the Start Menu. So, why was iOS so successful? It wasn't because power-users like you and I switched over. Many power-users mocked the device. It wasn't successful for including user documentation, it didn't and still doesn't. iOS was successful because it could be used by people who were unable or unwilling to read and follow documentation before using such a device. Computer literacy is certainly a good academic initiative, but it won't help you make successful software for the mass market. The vast majority of casual computer users won't pursue educational endeavors to use your application. Most will opt for an alternative that doesn't require it, or they won't use it at all. You should always consider the intended audience for your application. In our information bubble we sometimes lose an accurate perspective of the skills of the general public. This is of little consequence for many applications, but if your application is truly intended for the general public, like a government website, it's something that might need to be highly prioritized. I don't think nicotine has been shown to be carcinogenic in humans, although there's plenty of other bad things it does. Enough people lack the financial literacy to understand the difference between risk and recurring costs. Unfortunately, nobody wants to change this because insurers love charging premium rates for low risk recurring costs, providers love obscuring their prices, and consumers have come to demand their insurance covers “the basics”. Which is why most fire codes don’t allow them on buildings with a bunch of people in them. > 3. Consultant: 60+ hour days are the norm Dang, I thought 12 hour days were bad. Arguably, this is not clickbait. Many define 'clickbait' as a lead that is characteristically deceptive, misleading, or exaggerated. I'd argue this is simply a teaser, as the article certainly delivers on its promise of a 'secret'. If anything, 'secret' is understated. Be careful of what you ask for. IP laws are the foundation of what makes the GPL enforceable. Tax evasion schemes are not legal, by definition. Maybe you are thinking of 'tax avoidance'? It's certainly up for debate, as there are varying definitions. Although, I don't think it's fair to put things like "Man photographs Lock Ness monster, and you'll never guess what happens next!" BS in the same category as my nightly news saying "After the break, new CDC warnings you should know before you vape" Which is why I used GPL as the example -- it requires modifications to be shared. BSD really wouldn't be affected nearly as much. If we lived in a world where all free software was more like BSD, projects would look a lot less like linux, and a lot more like this: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mach_(kernel%29 Unfortunately, in a world without GPL, you might not have easy access to that binary. It could be installed on a piece of multi-million dollar enterprise hardware that you'd have to purchase to get one. That's probably exactly what companies like IBM would would do, if they weren't required to push their changes by GPL. If copyright didn't exist, nobody could be required to share their changes to another person's work under schemes like GPL. Corporations would no longer be legally compelled to contribute to free software projects. Projects like Linux would likely be abandoned as large institutional users fork the projects and leave the original project to rot. Yes, it explicitly does. Even in version 1 this was addressed. See section 3a and 3b: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-1.0.html Or they could simply refuse to sell it to you or anyone else without signing an NDA. The FSF has never viewed anyone who wants exceptions to copyleft as being part of their community to begin with. Even something simple like the JSON license is something that the FSF sees as fundamentally incompatible with their values. https://directory.fsf.org/wiki/License:JSON That may be your opinion, but the word is not universally used in such a liberal manner. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clickbait#Definition They are the standard. Commercial airline safety issues are uncommon enough to be newsworthy. Boeing's customers care a lot more than most automaker's customers. 1 in 4 cars on US roads have known unresolved safety recalls. > Another source tells us Boeing quickly reported the issue with the single plane to the FAA last week, and now more planes with similar cracking have been found. The precise phrasing and context is of ultimate importance in these cases. There's a huge difference between a false direct quote and an editorialized interpretation of someone's words. Not all people's bodies work the same all the time, and not all 5th graders have perfect decision making. Urgent bathroom needs are an event that everyone will have in their life. Negative reinforcement for isolated instances of this is abusive. Bathroom usage is of zero concern to an instructor unless it becomes an abnormal pattern. And if it is, the interest should be out of a concern for health, unless demonstrated otherwise, not a concern for discipline. Really, the only thing we know is that it's not a single plane.... which is the cause for concern. 2/7000 is not a very low incidence rate as far as safety concerns go. Many cars are recalled for far less severe issues with orders of magnitude lower incidence rates. It is neither feasible nor practical to collect everything that comes out of a hydrocarbon-burning ship's exhaust. We have scrubbing for some of the worst stuff, but there's plenty of stuff that isn't collected. When you burn fuel, you get a mix of those emissions. If burning fuel results in X amount of sulfur and Y amount of CO2, you still don't want to increase the amount of X, even if 100% of it is collected, because Y will also go up and it isn't being collected. There are a lot of activities that happen in the course of normal academics that contributes to the economic benefit of the school. Most of this is seen as being a normal course of attending school: tasks assigned for academic credit, or simply voluntarism. Athletics used to be that way until the demand side of the equation got out of hand. > Bosch had plastic welded shut the drum, > the flange in question had the bolt holes and locating features for the gasket still present. That sounds like classic cost-savings methodology. They found a cheaper way to attach two parts while keeping the same tooling and reducing parts-count. What would have been suspicious is if they had kept the expensive features and welded it shut. Cheap is often not maintainable as a side-effect. That doesn't mean it was the primary goal. > If the sum of costs of all parts to assemble a car is above 2x the price of the car, someone is getting ripped off, and we all know who that is. Not really. The business models are way different and have different costs. You're paying for someone to store that part, ship it in low volume to and from a parts warehouse, market to you, tie up capital in it, and gamble on the possibility that you'd want to buy it before those models go obsolete. If you buy 500,000 units via container ship from the factory you could get them for way cheaper too. A thermal fuse isn't a routine consumable. Those are designed to trip when something else is wrong. You need to open it up anyway to fix the root cause or confirm it was a fluke and there is no pending safety hazard. > the army is made of citizens as well after all. That's probably not the case for HK. Any use of a firearm is potentially lethal and should be treated as such. The precision necessary for the scenario you are proposing is not physiologically possible during an active conflict. The components and approximate values of these costs are well known; manufacturing is a well-established and stable industry. If you want some actual values, many of these companies are public and file financial reports: https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/... Electrolux cited a 4.3% operating margin in their latest report. Depends on where you're at. This machine could be profitable in some places, and probably not in others. Probably to keep the momentum of the ingredients at zero in the x/y axes > No one is taking away your guns. You're right, but it's not due to a lack of trying. Kamala Harris, Cory Booker, and Beto O’Rourke all support mandatory buybacks. I don't think the military uses too many small caliber semi-auto rifles. Any modern military rifle I can think of was banned for new sale in 1986. Those are cartridges, not rifles. The function of operation is a pretty important technicality. There are very few guns that aren't based on, derived from, or exactly the same as military weapons. Many of the most popular hunting rifles and shotguns around the world, even those very traditional in style, would qualify as this. Which I agree with -- but the device they're showing it off on looks pretty cramped for screen real estate. It has two 9" screens. If we guess those are 16:9 displays, that's about 69 square inches of space... which is actually a few square inches smaller than a single 13" display of the same ratio. (72 square inches) Copper is still very common in brake pads, both in the semi-metallic and ceramic varieties. California phases out copper-containing brake pads starting in 2025. Canada banned asbestos brakes this year. Brakes are still exempted under US asbestos bans. Manufacturers and repair shops avoid them for obvious reasons, but they're not illegal. https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-2006-05-04-06050400... https://canada.autonews.com/article/20180107/CANADA/18010983... Synthetic rubber was, in fact, invented after Bakelite. There are also significant decreases in performance due to wear isn't due to the material itself, but also the change in geometry. For instance, when rain grooves wear down, they're not able to channel away as much water. Your PD isn’t part of the prescription. But the prescription itself must be provided to you by law in the US. If anyone, a large actor like Salesforce would be more equipped to handle a patchwork of laws than smaller competitors. A patchwork of laws is a pain in the ass for large companies, but it’s a barrier to entry for small ones. Which company does that? There aren't any plans like that in my area. Both Comcast and Verizon have gigabit a la carte here. It must be a generational thing. Most boomers I know must absolutely have their deluxe cable plans. A lot of them grew up with TV being a very important part of their routine, and now many of them have lots of free time now that their kids have left the house. We tried, and it was legislated otherwise for a while, but it didn't really work out. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CableCARD Do they offer higher speeds with a triple-play? That's what I was questioning. My point wasn't that I have good speeds. My point is that you can get the same speeds a la carte as you can with a package. There are digital and 24 hour variants that are not only viable, but common. I'm not so sure about that. 'LGBTQIA+' is widely accepted, and the '+' is a wildcard. The Land O Lakes CEO was showing this off on 60 minutes just this past week. Check out 5:22 in the video here: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/land-olakes-ceo-beth-ford-and-t... What makes you think billionaires aren't trying to use cryptocurrencies to their advantage? Because it's the DEA that does that, not the national guard. The feds have the authority to come in to any state at any moment and shut down any marijuana operations. They did do this for a while until the the DOJ decided to ease enforcement policy under the Obama administration. I'm not sure if that refutes or supports the above point... :D If you can write a program that can automate this, then you're a better programmer than most of us. https://www.justice.gov/oip/blog/foia-update-freedom-informa... AFAIK all mass-market automakers in the US and Europe trace their history to automotive startups in the late 19th century and early 20th century, and Japan and Korea's automakers all formed in the mid 20th century. I guess China probably has the newest automaker startups outside of Tesla, but they don't have much volume outside of their domestic markets. Or on the passenger side mirror of any average passenger car made over the past half century or so: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objects_in_mirror_are_closer_t... > a long time The Ford Edge has had the option since 2015. Looks like the Explorer got it the next year. The Subaru Ascent has it for 2019. I'm sure there are others that didn't come up in the first couple pages of my search results. It has been available on a ton of cars over the past half-decade. It's starting to become a standard feature now. Even the sub $16K Nissan Versa Note has it standard. Other than the fact that Facebook and Google know that you’re looking for therapists... Good process ensures good results: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Toyota_Way I would call that commercial fire services. “Volunteer” fire departments usually refer to a different arrangement. and they were carrying $16,000 in cash? It would be ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/31/5316 ) in that amount, but that isn't my point. The point is that the totality of their actions are not supporting their story very well. Losing anonymity absolutely does affect privacy, that's the entire point to fingerprinting. While anonymity and privacy are theoretically separate concepts, many current techniques used to compromise privacy on the internet are dependent on de-anonymization. None of the data your browser leaks is being used to directly compromise privacy. Your screen resolution, user-agent, canvas fingerprints, etc aren't private information. Their only utility is to support de-anonymization, which in turn allows a compromise in privacy by aggregating your behavior. I think that supports the above point. The dozen companies on the list only account for a few of that 903. As the linked document mentions, there are very few OSHA inspectors. You’re very unlikely to have any sort of real OSHA enforcement at a small business in the US. At a large employer, they often at least recognize and attempt to follow safety regulations. At a small business it is not at all uncommon for management to not care or even be aware that regulations exist. Looking back at my years at a warehouse run by a small business, I didn’t realize how dangerous the things were that I was doing at the time, but pretty much every task I had involved an OSHA violation. It was just the way things worked, and it wasn’t any different than any other nearby businesses. Amazon get a lot of attention due to their size. Similar workplaces with less media and regulatory scrutiny often pay less and have more safety issues. Anecdotally, the people I know who work at an Amazon warehouse tell me that the safety protections there are better (and pay higher) than the other options they had. They might have 0.1% of the workforce, but don’t forget that they’re 5% of the entire retail market and 49% of e-commerce. Replying to myself just to add -- I'm not saying that large companies aren't significant offenders. They employ a lot of people and certainly have the means to implement compliance mechanisms, so they should do better. I'm simply pointing out that smaller businesses get away with much more (many operating without any compliance mechanisms whatsoever), and are able to continue to do so with almost zero scrutiny.