This is fantastic, great job! Two years of OS updates and three years of security updates. The devices that google had and weren't using Qualcomm CPU got updates for a lot longer (e.g Nexus Player). It gets very, very annoying for Google to try to support phones that use CPUs that don't update or release anything anymore. Please explain. > consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others. Competition does not exist in the US for ISPs. > Some Companies Take Up More Bandwidth Than Others. They pay for that bandwidth and we pay for the connection. Asking companies to pay more so they're not artificially throttled does not make sense in the actual world of the internet. > The Government Still Allows Discrimination In Traffic. Saying because there is vague language in NN we need to get rid of it entirely does not make any sense what so ever. You don't demolish a building because the window is broken. > Barriers to Entry Are Created NN removes barriers to entry for many startups that simply can't pay the "troll bridge" of the ISPs. > Technological Stagnation These ISPs that are for the removal of NN were given billions of dollars in tax breaks to make the internet better in the US. NN has nothing to do with development of the internet, and using Europe as an example is pretty stupid. Europe has NN, they also have heavy governmental regulation in terms of the last mile. Saying NN is bad because it doesn't solve that problem is like saying oranges are bad because they can't power your car. It's a totally different matter. > Internet Taxes Could Happen If these taxes are used to deploy more public owned fiber lines, I'm all for it. > Content Restrictions From The Government NN has nothing to do with this. Can't you export your contacts? Most of them come with the email too. I've used firebase before, the default settings have proper read and write settings per user. So are you implying monetization make you all the adjectives you stated? Does someone have a nice guide to do full disk encryption, and other recommendations so that we can at least be a little certain our data isn't being tampered with? The problem is the deep integration between iCloud and Apple devices. Lots of stuff can't be just backed up to a different cloud provider/do locally. You need to document it better. Right now this just looks like a side project that is forgotten. Nothing against you, but good documentation is necessary for acknowledgement and adoption. They'd need to move their servers to google cloud platform. And then they'd still be blockable if Russia decides to block Google entirely. In that case it is definitely possible for them to circumvent the ban. If that happens, Russia would have no way of blocking the app other than DNS blocking which can be simply mitigated against as well. See this is the issue. When looking at the support of terrorist organizations, you need to look at it from both sides. America and NATO have waged wars in basically every neighbour of Iran except a few. They've been directly helping Saudi Arabia with selling them a crazy amount of weapons. Saudi Arabia is a state that has many times threatened Iran. All these support for different factions are a geopolitical game. Criticizing Iran for playing the game doesn't make sense as the second they stop their statehood is threatened. I just would like to add that I hope they stop, but I know why they don't. Now about the nuclear weapons. This is simply not the case anymore. Let's tackle what you said about that one by one. - Iran is developing nuclear weapons. - No they aren't. The agreement they made with 5+1 clearly puts Iran under a magnifying glass of scrutiny. The EU and the white house have said countless times that Iran is keeping their side of the deal up. - Threatening Israel. - This is true, however, Israel is the only country that hasn't signed the NPT. Yes they can technically make nuclear weapons now since they haven't committed to not making it, but at the same time saying Iran threatens them is an understatement. There have been dozens of Israeli officials that have threatened Iran with war. AIPAC has been seriously lobbying in the US to go to war with Iran. So it's not one sided, it's not like Israel is this shining rainbow and Iran is the evil fire nation. Let's stop looking at stuff in black and white. They added two more caffeinated varieties. The collusion investigation and Muller's potentially damaging report? Why? Gender is a spectrum and you can fall anywhere on this spectrum. It is also not biological, it can change anytime and multiple times. As dragonwriter put it earlier, your claim relies on two fundamental assumptions that are plain incorrect. You didn't make an argument. Your "transpose" is literally called a strawman argument. How is this Microsoft's fault? If drivers are getting no updates, how should the OS help? What do you define as a mental disorder? Anything that differs from the norm? How do you define the norm? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity Even if it is, as you put it, a mental disorder, let's not use that as an excuse to dismiss it, alright? >> Lol Is that your response to this? "Lol"? Nice way to have a discourse. Looks like you've made up your mind and are dismissing anything that is different with your opinion. >> which claim? The claim that this creates abuse potential. >> [citation required] What do I need to give you citation on? That same-sex abuse can happen? Or that sexual preferences are by default hetrosexual? Pretty sure both of those are a non-question. > Can I claim to be a female today and use girls' shower? Yes, if you absolutely believe you are a female then yes. I don't believe you using a girl's shower means you're abusive. I don't think I have the right to take away your freedom to be who you want. > Seriously? Feminists demonize men for inappropriate looks, but you think that shared locker rooms are not a problem? Do you not think this is a blanket statement? Who do you see as the manifestation of feminists? Feminism is a vast movement. Judging an entire group because of a vocal minority is kinda like saying muslims are terrorists because of 9/11, London, etc (this isn't my argument, but I'm just saying how absurd it sounds to make a blanket statement against an entire group) Its DNS. How do you propose they have access to the data? Sure they are. However, all dns servers are going to have this issue. Even most selfhosted ones, like a self hosted pihole use Google DNS as its backend. The data is far less valuable than your original claim of "Why would someone route their traffic through your servers" which sounds like a VPN/Proxy. AES-GCM is great tbh. Authenticated encryption built into one. You're literally active on his website :P I'm going to get downvoted to hell by saying this but... He also implied that women who get into google are there because the bar is lowered. This implication means when he sees a female coworker, he automatically assumes they're less "effective" than a male co-worker and they're only there because the standards were lowered for them. Essentially this makes the workplace hostile. If you're a woman, you know that this guy thinks "less" of you because of the way you were born. He basically put into words his implicit and explicit biases towards women. How does this apply to other countries where women are higher in STEM and tech than men? For example, in Iran more than 60% of STEM students are female. Automatically assuming that women are there because the standards were lowered for them. Indicating that when he's working with a female co-worker, he thinks they shouldn't be there and the only reason they're there is because of "reverse discrimination". He spoke about affirmative action as well, but most of his arguments were against women. Oh I was definitely not saying Iran should be a role model for the rest of the world. I'm saying examples exist that prove the negation of the "biological" argument. Which brings doubt into, if we're raising boys and girls without considering gender norms would boys really outnumber girls in tech? Women are forced to take STEM? What the fuck kind of statement is that? The number of Iranians in Iran vastly outnumber the ones studying outside of Iran. Especially in undergrad. Please give me sources that Iranian women are forced to study STEM. My source is I've lived in Iran nearly most of my life. How do you handle the traffic? How much does this cost you to run? Organic food isn't necessarily better for the environment either. It takes a lot more resources (land, manpower, etc) to produce Organic food. I think you misunderstood the article. Google didn't take away their domain. The domain is still owned by Daily Stormer. Google just refused to accept it to be transferred to them which is perfectly within the rules of ICANN. Read about the paradox of tolerance. At some point you need to draw the line. This line is going to be fuzzy as hell, but if you don't you're going to end up with a ton of intolerance. You could believe this, but that doesn't make it the proper way. To be honest, we don't know how to stop these ideas. The nazi party came into power with less than 40% approval and gained that power that nearly destroyed the world. It's scary to say but there are theories floating around from hundreds of years ago that were made by different philosophers about the nature of these. For example, the paradox of tolerance is one of these theories. I'm not saying we should be violent, I'm just saying we have absolutely no idea how to deal with this. This is exactly what I mean by the paradox of tolerance. If we're tolerant towards intolerance, we're going to be outed. What if their beliefs are ruining other people's lives? Where do you draw the line? They also have constant security issues. Some of these security issues make you doubt the quality of the code that Gitlab has... Use your own email, at least if gsuite takes it down you can host it elsewhere. This is terrifying... Americans are already paying a shit ton for internet access. Any increase in price is artificial. And somehow you're going to have to accept that fact that people are going to lose their keys. You're going to want to make sure you can properly reissue one to the correct person. You put your public (and private if you want) pgp key on there. Then you make public posts on your social media signed with that key. This way, you show everyone that you own these accounts or websites or whatever. If any of the proofs changes, it puts it on a timeline. If your account has a hard reset it notifies all your followers. Basically its safeish key sharing in the modern world. How do they know you are who you say you are? What's stopping me from calling them and asking them for a new card on your behalf? Yes, but it's electron. I've honestly seen only one properly written Electron app and it's VSCode. Everything else electron sucks. VSCode is not great either but it's much better than say, Atom or Slack. Nope, they kept it because there weren't better alternatives. You can use a public key in the dns record and also activate dnssec. But dnssec isn't really that secure so... I don't see how is this even related? The video is the typical misinformed bashing of feminism, etc. As a customer I would prefer a live demo. Usually a video demo, unless it has to be video (time-lapse etc) will not get my attention and I will ignore it. No way I'm buying something without a live demo. Well this isn't a normal OS that an everyday user uses? There are people who don't want any binary blobs from Google on their devices. I don’t think anyone is specifically blaming Russia. If they are that’s a pretty naive thing to do. When I personally talk about Russia, I just point out that this happened. This being the rise of fake news, etc. We should remember it was the United States and her allies that normalized this behavior. We should take a few lessons from this, when we do something unethical or questionable these tactics are going to be normalized and other countries are going to use them. Another example is Trump ordering an attack on a sovereign nation without that nation asking or any resolution passing in US Congress or the UNSC. We need to understand that this is the age we live in, and that we need to work around fixing these issues. Not blaming others or trying to reverse technological processes. What management wants is not what shareholders want. What you’re saying is impossible and the law needs to fix this, not appeal to emotion. Are we blaming phone manufacturers for putting new technologies in phones now? Also to be honest at least on android phones you can use various solutions, like plugging into your pc. On iPhone you’re essentially stuck with iCloud or iTunes. Try doing that and then opening a location through iMessage. So we have a channel in Telegram that mirrors hackernews... and this just happened so I guess it's a nice meta bug? https://i.imgur.com/JtbCGkB.png (Disclaimer this doesn't happen, like ever) Are there any demos for this still available? So we should expect grad students, that have no other source of income, to rely on $10-20K a year for rent, food, transportation, and everything else? TBH what kind of game doesn't use https... Depends on the VPN. Https handshakes are very different than say openvpn. But you can definitely hide your vpn behind the https protocol. This is much better nowadays but bgp is still problematic. Not doing it would be devastating for the economy in the long run. It's a hard choice but macro is more important than micro in these decisions. Oh we do. It's just saying you're going to do something vs actually doing it is much different. It surprises me that Trump supporters can't see beyond words. Hopefully after these four years you will understand that jobs are going to be going away. There is essentially no way to move time backwards to when technology was at its infancy and there were hundreds of jobs. Instead of supporting candidates who give people a false hope of steel jobs think about different systems to support everyone in the upcoming job armageddon. My avoidance of their built in apps is just simply that I don't want to be locked in to the apple eco system. Apple has always took a closed approach to their software and it's going to hurt them in the long run. I never mentioned open source software. I meant software made by other companies that don't lock you into their platform such as Google. I don't think anyone here looks at this topic with a black and white lens. There are various pros and cons to each and usually for developers the cons of a walled garden outweighs the pros. Send it via a third party who can read your messages or MMS where everyone can read your messages? Nice alternatives... Link to the demo? Yeah but it wouldn't be that hard to seperate the water. You can set it to connect to your own gateway. I mean they literally just announced a new company that graduated their incubator. How are you opening a bank account in a foreign country as a citizen from Iran? There are use cases for big money transfer and just "storing" money in BTC, not really for daily transactions. Personally for me, if I had some basic income, I'd be more willing to take a risk and potentially create hundreds of new jobs. If if its the iPhone you're talking about. Chrome is a "wrapper" around Safari's web engine. There already is a bunch of RFCs in place for high latency protocols. You can still track signals originating from rooftops using drones and then prosecuting the people doing that for spying. Iran is one of those countries that really don't like two way satellite internet. The discussion isn't about whether we know it's happening or not. We should stop letting deniers move the goal posts. The discussion is we know this is happening, what do we do to stop it? Except they've started expanding their plans to include family plans, etc. There is no indication that it will be getting killed off anytime soon. Also since they're a phone provider they can't just shut down. It'll take them years of bleeding money to finally shut down Project Fi. I think it's on under chat.google.com, they never actually link this through the announcement page. He's saying the definition of the word being used is currently changing. When racist people start talking about illegal immigrants and they refer to all people of a specific race or nationality, they effectively change the definition of the word. Why not both? Content such as this really doesn't belong on this forum. It redditifes this forum for conversation. I've also noticed people jump to attacking each other quite a lot more in the comments of pieces like this. How is this relevant when you're criticizing some detail? Are you saying you can't every criticize something because you're not perfect? Absolutely not relevant to the topic posted. If you would like to discuss this video I recommend you make a post and stop derailing threads like these into your own discussion. Google has slowly but surely started approaching the walled garden approach put forth by Apple. It is totally within their right to do this. I understand why they're doing this. I'm not happy with it. You don't have a right to be heard. I don't have a solution, I'm just ranting here. Sorry. This is just an extension of conservatism being scared of sex and women going their own way. Like it or not, prostitution has helped many people rise out of poverty and even make societies (the "west" back in the early US days) around their business. Laws like this are very hard to vote against because of TV ads opponents of politicians could run demonizing them. I never assumed democrats aren't conservative when it comes to social values. Toxicity towards women taking control of their sexuality runs deep within our society. The argument really stands where senate votes nearly unanimously on a bill and then a court strikes it down for being too overreaching. We've had this happen with a lot of "child pornography" laws in the past. I'm waiting for ACLU to take this to the courts. I don't apply the same logic other places. But banning places from having conversations about how to do it safely is a stupid idea and is going to end with more people hurt. This law benefits no one. If someone is having to resort to prostitution they will, just without the support network they need. I'm middle eastern. I've been followed by a police car for 15-20 minutes at a time (even out of their local jurisdiction) three times so far. This has always happened when I'm driving in a rich neighborhood. Targeting definitely does happen. I'm not the only person with stories like this. For the record I'm in Pennsylvania. You think people are going to stop buying Panera Bread because of this? There are no fines. People don't stop purchasing stuff from them. The risks of not following security practices are so low that it makes logical business sense to not care much about them. Now, say if we add fines on these security breaches. Proper fines, say % of global revenue type fines. Then yeah, they'll start caring. Until then, wait for more of these security breaches. Hey look! I told this company about this security breach months ago! They did nothing to resolve it. They literally have a way to find a person's CC info using their phone number. If people like this don't report it, then bad actors will get their hands on it and put EVERYONE at risk. Just from speaking to my friends who are not tech people and regular Panera Bread customers. They don't care. Sorry for using this language but as a direct quote one of them said "dude who gives a shit, everyone is leaking shit these days." So looking at her videos on Telegram ( https://t.me/nasimesabz1 ), she was anti gun. She was a very weird individual with clear mental health issues. I don't even know what to make of most of her content on that channel. She was definitely weird before YouTube took down her account. Ofcourse this doesn't excuse what she did. I'm honestly confused. Her entire personality was based on being vegan. She considered herself to be someone from an alien planet sent to earth to suffer. She criticized all the suffering around her and explained how nobody could understand her. She was apparently against anal sex. She hated women who used their body to get places. While she herself did do that (explicitly said so) in her videos. She thought there is a conspiracy against her "truth". You know what I find amazing in this entire debate? We provide protections for literal objects in the form of DMCA and other various copyright systems. We provide legal enforcement for the right for these copyrighted systems to be forgotten on search engines. We threaten the rulebreakers with massive fines and prison time. But when it comes to REAL people. People who can have their lives completely changed with wrong/very negative information about them being accessible everywhere we do nothing. It's just fascinating. I know. That's exactly my point. If you have enough money you will be able to take down any information of yourself you don't want under the guise of DMCA or related copyright laws. I'm still pissed off we didn't get encrypted SNI in TLS 1.3 It would've broken so many dpi based censorship systems in countries like Iran, Turkey, and Russia. This is fantastic and amazing to hear. Thank you! Services like google share IPs amongs their services. If SNI was encrypted, youtube.com could not be blocked unless the entire IP space of google is blocked (which would be very hard to do since nearly everyone relies on gmail). For sites like google, blocking IPs would meet resistance. Or just use delta updates. I disagree with this line of thought. Giving readers a fair warning is the right way to go. With all the respect I have for Elon, I don't think he realizes he's not the CEO of a startup company anymore. Getting rid of acronyms will have an inverse effect on productivity. Are you supposed to explain each time you refer to it? I agree if someone is new to the team then you should probably explain a few times before using acronyms. But for established teams, this just slows everyone down. Chain of command is there so that no one goes over the other person's head. If two developers disagree on an approach and one just straight up goes to the manager instead of the project manager it causes issues for the whole team. I'm a fan of "hey you should be able to talk to whomever you want", but not as the default. Company rule is there to protect the worker in case they made a bad decision. As long as it was within the company rule, they can't be blamed as much as "hey I used common sense". For massive companies you need these systems in place. You fired for someone finding bugs in your code? This is beyond ridiculous and you're creating a hostile environment for your developers. It'll come back and bite you in the future. This so much. If you expect me to take on a project without looking at the previous code then you're simply a fool. What. Why should a device be responsible for your own self control? Also, you can just install a parental control application and block any app store downloads. Most android phones have hardware backed secure storage. You can't read the raw files once they're there. It's kinda like yubikey vs having a PGP key. Yep! Just gotta enable hardware acceleration. Cloudflare's dynamic https would add https on the USER->Cloudflare side of communications. It's google IO. So no. It's not silly. If matrix wants to be a thing it needs to get a good and native client for popular operating systems. Riot isn't a good client. They definitely don't want people using it as a backup system. Their unlimited storage is useless because you can't actually use it properly. It saves them money. Yep. I've complained about this so much. Yes it is. Either just blocking the IP or using DPI. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if Valve sued Apple for this. This is definitely anti competitive practices and I think there is a case to be made for it. Even more if they decide to do it in EU. SEEKING WORK - Remote I'm from Philly (currently in Seattle) and I'm mostly a backend developer. However, I'm open to fullstack as well. My preferred languages are Java and GoLang. I have over 6 years of experience in backend development. If I don't know a programming language, I can definitely pick it up within a week. You name it and I'll do it :) My LinkedIn is available on https://linkedin.com/in/aaomidi/ My GitHub is available on https://github.com/aaomidi You can also send me an email at hn@aaomidi.com This CEO is absolutely toxic. He's coming here, insulting everyone who disagrees with him and is essentially trying to attack the CTO as a person. Hopefully this will get forked and the CEO will learn a lesson of respect and self control. Unfortunately they're deleted now. He didn't defend his points when people disagreed with him and just said "you don't understand". That's a shorthand way of calling someone stupid when you haven't even tried to explain. At this point I forgot what he said about the CTO but some of them were pretty insulting. Fair enough I may have jumped the gun a bit. Although I still think coming on here when the CTO isn't able to defend themselves is a little like trying to get people to do mobjustice in a way. But you're right. I'm sorry. I don't understand what's with this weird hate of the working class asking for better conditions on HN? Isn't this essentially how a capitalist economy should function? If companies look at people as capital, then this capital can look at the company as their capital and try to control it by withholding capital from the company. Literally has never really been used in the actual definition. Writers have used to it show how important and foundational some event was. Or just to create some excitement in the readers. I mean I'm surprised you don't see why this question is plain stupid. I've had to deal with an algorithm problem of this difficulty once in my entire work life and I was given a week time to go figure out the best way to go about this. Your problem creates an unrealistic standard of a software developer. You don't get to see something like their coding quality which is a lot more important in a candidate than their ability to solve an arbitrary algorithms question. Especially since these algorithm quesstions are now being studied for the sake of interviews. Rather than to learn something. It's shocking to me how many engineers I come across that think having an algorithms based interview actually gives them good results. I agree with this. My question always is why do you think this is important for the position you're hiring. Does knowing this question mean they're actually good for your position? This is turning into the situation I've seen in places with serious entrance exams for universities. For example in Iran, a lot of not so talented but have great memorization and afforded to do mindless practice exams are making it into higher education while creative and talented and less fortunate people are staying out. There are entire businesses built around practicing algorithm questions now, this is not a good sign. It's not like TLS would've fixed this. Iran is blocking Telegram very easily. If they also used anything with TLS 1.3 or HTTPS with TLS 1.2, the plaintext SNI would've been enough to detect Telegram. This just further shows the need for encrypted SNI fields for TLS 1.3. We need to hide services properly and make the cost of blocking a single service very expensive. They would if it provided more censorship avoidance. Can you clarify what you mean by this? The big announcement is part of transparency and keeping the US government accountable. There is simply no other way, the only reason this is a big announcement is because Elon is very active on social media. Intent may not necessarily matter. So many people here only look at the business cost of what Google wanted to do and don't care about the human cost. It's great that you were born in a western country with a good understanding of freedom and your rights. The majority of the world don't have these conditions. Your "business" decision effects billions of people in the world. I was born and mostly raised in Iran. "Business" decisions from companies that sold the government DPI equipment made sense for them, their shareholders, and their investors. But at what cost? Iran is a very young country in terms of population age. Many Iranians simply didn't have the opportunity to grow simply because a few companies wanted more $$$ in their pockets. If you in any way support these decisions while having complete freedom not to, then you're complicit. You're part of the reason so many countries have a lost/dark generation. You're part of the cause of so much suffering in the world. Good on you Google Engineers who stood against making a few $ of profit to stop the suffering of many, many people. And what about other users who aren't breaking the law? Like me, who has been living in the US since 2011? These bans with no appeal processes are absolutely stupid. See my submissions for more context, but its helluva lot more people than a single incident. They seem to be banning anyone who sounds Iranian. I've never even used Slack in Iran and my name sounds Iranian. Wonder how they decided I'm using it from Iran then. I'm one of the people who got banned: https://twitter.com/aaomidi/status/1075621119028314112 Just FYI for everyone here, the US government explicitly allows instant messaging applications to be exempt from sanctions: https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/... This is to foster more secure and wider internet access for Iranians. The emails they sent did not have any appeals process. They were also sent from no-reply addresses. The worst thing about this isn't them blocking (even though they didn't need to). It was that they assumed their systems are 100% perfect and no one would need to appeal. It was also the timing of this that was annoying. Right before long holidays (harder to get to your workplace and let people know what happened) The CFO was arrested in relation to Iran but not because of it. She was arrested because she lied to banks and sold American made technology to Iran. Slack is actually not required to do this as IM applications are exempt from sanctions. Homosexuality used to be illegal. If we censored anyone talking about it, it would probably still be illegal today and millions of people would still feel disgusted at themselves for having "unnatural feelings." Legality isn't always the best way to draw a line. With the current situation in America, there's really no other thing to do. Yes they might become codependent, but if you look at the situation realistically there's not a lot they can do to change the situation. Being there as a safety net can take a lot of mental pressure off of them. Well he's not considering in a lot of the other cities that have the same problem. Example: Philadelphia and its suburbs. Companies like google shouldn't be allowed to just ban someone's account and leave it at that. We actually need to regulate how OUR data is handled and managed by companies. Google thinks just because they provide an email service, they own all the emails in their service. This should not be the case and with all our reliance on cloud services, we need to be assured that our accounts are safe and we won't be denied access over stuff that isn't in our control. So this is the reason Slack was cracking down on accounts of people from sanctioned countries. Meh. Voter records are all basically public and most have full name, address, phone number and even sometimes party affiliations. I'd argue that keeping those public is also a net good for society. I am so f *ing surprised this needs to be said. IF YOU DID WORK FOR A LEGAL EMPLOYER, YOU DESERVE TO BE PAID FOR IT. (I'm adding to what the op said) The issue wasn't the app exists and people were using it. It was the demographic this app was targeting. The app was targeting 13 to 35 year olds. People under 18 has to get parental permission which was literally just selecting a box. The $20 of free money is a big deal for a kid and they might not have the best idea of what they're giving away with agreeing to this. It's a really scummy move and possibly illegal to target kids like this. I still think it would've been an issue to do that for kids as well. They should've just targeted 18+ How many people do you think joined GitHub from Microsoft after the merger? This is literally human oversight. Which is appeasing the users indirectly. Many products have a key person. It's not really surprising. A lot of science has been dumb luck and doing some random thing at the right time. I mean I hope for all of us this is one of those cases. Not only that. Freedom has its limits. Your freedom to a decision should not trump another person's freedom to live. By not getting a vaccine when you medically can, you're putting others at risk because of your freedom. Yeah I agree with you. Make it financially expensive for them to mess around. This is the biggest waste of time in Iranian society. This is literally government mandated slavery. The current system already incentives you quite a bit to join the military for all the perks you get once you're done. I'm honestly surprised the top comment is advocating for something that goes against every core value of the United States. The country has money. Pay people for this civic duty. You want to help decrease crime and low jobs? Pay people to do public works. We have a crumbling infrastructure. This isn't going to be solved by having a boy scouts system of free labor. Pay people out of high school to do work for the government and for the cities they live in. Right because slavery that existed in the United States is the only true definition for slavery? You're forcing people to do work. What happens if someone says they don't want to do this civic service? Yeah your superior can really ruin your life if you're not "obedient" Probably because people don't have the expertise to understand the weight and the consequences of that refeurandaum? There's a reason we have delegates making decisions for us. People generally don't know the weight and consequences of decisions. We saw this with so many posts of what is the European Union originating out of UK in the days before and after the refeurandaum. Maybe its cheaper to make the batteries in China? People who will even consider an EV will probably know Tesla and at this point know someone who owns one. I think this is a smart idea. They can focus this money on creating more superchargers. That sells a lot more than a 20 minute test drive. It's both actually. Different cultures have had different approaches to raising a child. Painting it as black and white doesn't help. Hey there's another solution. A solution that has provided with much of the worker rights we have today. Unionizing. These mothers should definitely think about it and push for more changes to the work force. The 40 hour work week officially started in 1940 - there's no reason to keep that as the standard anymore. I hope to see a rise in people demanding more rights for the working class. Sorry missed this. I said it'd be cheaper, not more expensive. You understand that policymakers regularly consult professionals in respective fields before making a decision? Policymaker regularly delegate the understanding of specific pieces of technology/etc to professionals they trust and have worked with over their tenure. Americans are usually extremely lazy about this stuff. I wonder what the effects are going to be on Tourism in Europe. Wonder what the risks are. This is actually one of the cases where supply side economics breaks down. People refuse to pay more for this and if you've invested so much for truck, car insurance, etc... A lot of trucks are owner operated. They can't afford to not work - even though they know they will be able to potentially make more money. Owning a truck is a lot of maintenance - insurance, parking costs, etc. A lot of owners also have to pay lease, loans, etc. They can't afford to negotiate for better rates. Just because there isn't a lot of supply doesn't mean that rates go up! They had "reasonable doubt." He basically couldn't do anything about it or he'd be arrested. Was it actually the hospital staff? No one here is talking about legal right. We're talking about moral right. I think it's fair to expect people to think morally. It should be the default way of thinking, not something you spend energy on. You don't understand this do you? When you've spent a ton of capital, have loans to pay, paying insurance, etc. You are not in a position to negotiate. It doesn't make sense because we keep getting fed a simplistic view of "supply vs demand." That is a general trend, but not a rule. If you know you have to work to keep your means of survival, you don't negotiate. We've seen salaries/bonuses/rates slowly go up, but there's always some other sucker who has to be able to pay their bills. Even if this means stuff getting to their destination later than usual. A lot of truck businesses are owner operated, they simply don't have the means to say "no." Whats a good alternative? I mean, this is just an unnecessarily mean comment. Not everyone has the luxury of going to high school in an English speaking country. Not everyone is strong in English but still need to write properly. Thanks though. This isn't the type of stuff Grammarly helped me with. Passive voice misuse is still extremely difficult for me to catch. Even after learning about it multiple times. Yep. My local YMCA requires lifeguards to switch every 15 minutes. Which is what spotify is arguing is happening with Apple Music The fraction doesn't matter at all in this case. Spotify is saying they're abusing the 30% to be able to push their own music application for cheaper. McDonald's doesn't host other food companies though. In this case apple has a marketplace AppStore. :( This would be good - or Bernie/Beto for that Texas vote. Is there direct evidence this is true or is it just a "common sense" thing that makes sense but might very well be false? I honestly don't have an opinion on it. It just seems something that's repeated and accepted often and I'm being skeptical is all. I will probably look into it myself too! So whatever you can add to the discussion is great :) I don't think these are similar at all honestly > showing no regard and respect to the rest of the world. What the fuck? They're not showing "respect" because they don't speak English? Does China block specific parts of wikipedia then? How do they know what part of wikipedia you're visiting? No it's not. This is imperialist thinking. There is no universal language. If you want to understand what they're saying hire a translator or use an online service. They're not using some obscure language only a few people understand. Get out with your western centric thinking. Unfortunately the issue with inequality is that it breeds more inequality. Someone born into the .1% will continue to get richer and richer by literally not doing anything while others on different parts of the spectrum aren't in a position like that and many have negative assets. If the playing ground was equal at birth and people were differentiated based on their hardwork no one would complain. The issue is the playing ground is not level and every day it gets more and more skewed. Exactly this. It's extremely difficult to lose your money at that stage. We can't talk about this without talking about the inequality in wealth which is the biggest factor in economy mobility unfortunately. Honestly, I'm not an economist. But from what I've gathered from reading various opinions on this matter is that economic inequality is the main source of weak economic mobility in developed countries - especially in countries that don't have safety nets. The theory essentially is that strong economic mobility requires some "base" value of economic power. If you're born into a family with negative assets, thousands of dollars in credit card debt, bad neighborhood you're essentially starting your life with negative economic mobility and turning that positive is extremely difficult given the circumstances and in many cases you stay poor. For example, the effects of redlining is still seen to this day after nearly half a century has passed. On the other end, if you're born into a family with a strong economic background and proper investments. You're already starting your life with positive economic mobility. The way to think about it is, if you're on the bottom of the graph in terms of assets, you're going to be going further and further down (until where is the question?) and if you're on the top of the graph you're going to keep going up. College, various inheritance taxes, social safety nets, etc etc try to offset these differences by essentially making the top of the graph a little "weaker" and boosting the bottom of the graph. But is it working? I dislike the redesign very much. I've made a very simple open source extension to automatically redirect all reddit.com and www.reddit.com links to old.reddit.com. - https://github.com/aaomidi/reddit-fixer - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-fixer/boahh... - https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reddit-redire... Like increase the google maps api by 10x? Why would I recommend google to anyone when there is no stability in their platform? Except Google maps was a Google cloud offering. Most democrats are fine with an ID if it's given free of charge and the transportation and loss of wages for the day are covered. Which is my point of remove the bias of getting an ID and then it's fine. In its current state it's not fine and shouldn't be pushed. Thanks So much love and respect for you, ValdikSS.