Excellent, and thank you. I wouldn't have found this without your shameless plug. I can log in, but I'm getting a 503 with the following: "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing—we're going to fix it up and have things back to normal soon." Varicose veins, for one. I think it messes up your feet too, but that's what the standing mat is for. I find that if I try to work through a flu, I'll be sick for a week or two. If I just go home and stay in bed, I get over it in a few days. In the long run, it's much more productive to take care of yourself before your work. No matter how productive you think you are being while sick, the quality of your work is most likely suffering. Unfortunately, they all start out this way it seems. Hopefully, this one will remain this way. I like that idea. Keep the core frozen. With a good API, users can extend it to their liking, and complicate it all they want. Or was just inspired by it. They just did it so that, when no one plays anymore, they could say "See! We told you no one wanted offline play." There's a lot of assholes out there, and nothing feels better than killing them with kindness. Does that make me an asshole too? "The Borowitz Report: The News Reshuffled" certainly sounds like parody to me. To a moron in a hurry, it would look exactly like a Fluke product. This is exactly what trademarks are there to protect against, and Fluke is absolutely correct in their actions to protect their brand. This will likely blow up in Sparkfun's face, and rightly so. It's not just the fact that it's yellow, but it's also shaped just like a Fluke. A quick search on multimeters shows various alternative shapes that Sparkfun could have chosen to distinguish themselves. Fluke is correct in protecting their brand, in this case. It's yellow and shaped just like a Fluke. Sparkfun is in the wrong here. Fluke must protect their brand to keep their trademark valid. Maybe because it would break backwards compatibility (and possibly the spec) for the tab key? Don't even get me started on "PIN number". They would add themselves if it weren't for the infinite loop. 20 bucks a month over the duration of a development cycle could be pretty significant. This will basically allow people to develop their game to the point where success or failure could be predicted, and Epic will miss out on the development cycle revenues from the failures. Scrolling left/right when reading on a small screen on sites that haven't been optimized for small screens. That is some very expensive paint. I see it as more of a multi-part blog series, where you can read the first few parts and wait for the rest, or you can wait until all parts have been written and read it all. In this case, it's better than a blog series, because you can be notified as soon as it's complete without having to keep checking back. Context is important. Most laypersons reading an article don't know the terms "Black Hat", "White Hat", and so on. A good article should differentiate the intentions of the "hacker", so that the reader can imply the morality of those intentions by the context. You are correct in that it does not solve a problem. Furthermore, the article tries to create a problem with CSV that does not exist. > CSV breaks depending on the implementation on Quotes, Commas and lines CSV does not break; the implementation is broken if it doesn't parse CSV properly. With a proper implementation, CSV solves every problem that will arise from this method. I hate that I have to scroll at all to read a couple hundred words at most, let alone scroll five freakin' times on a 1080 display. Edit: And why in the world am I getting the webcam indicator on this site‽ There's people that code on their phones, so...(not me , but there is) Although I prefer the method in the best chosen answer, if I had to choose between red and green, I would choose green. You are confirming an action when choosing yes. The button to cancel the operation should be red. This is too generalized. There are born leaders and there are born followers. Followers are influenced by those around them, while leaders forge their own path no matter what. However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. There are some people who will never become like those around them, but will instead shape those around them to their own image. Edit: Downvotes with no counterpoints? That means I must be right, because the truth hurts. > However, a well rounded person knows when to adapt. They lead when necessary, and take instructions when required. > no one is not influenced by those around them You are correct, but not everyone becomes just like those they choose to be around. Everyone can learn from and influence others, but that doesn't mean "You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." I would have preferred a title along the lines of "There is a good chance that you may become who you choose to be around". > or willing to admit about themselves. Including myself, probably. Could it be made to dynamically load more stories as I scroll? You know, to completely kill my productivity. It's just suffering now with this extension, and I'd like to finish it off. Even more skewed now due to the fact that I answered "yes" without having seen the movie. There was no "I don't know" button. > Reversing cameras always send their output to the big screen on the center console The newer Acura MDXs have a dedicated screen built into the rear-view mirror hanging from the windshield. It looks like a normal mirror until you put it in reverse, and then you can see the output from the backup camera in the left side of the mirror. It's better than most, but still doesn't solve #2 and #3 from your points. Basically, be smart and only use it if/when necessary. Use it only as a tool and not the tool. I hope not. I think it will be like rear/side mirrors. You can use only mirrors to back up, but eventually, they will not be enough, and you will impact something. I think that the same people that don't look now are the same people that won't look then. But there were buttons to be pressed! You could submit that as a guideline. I miss Coder Weekly, and your service sounds very similar, but without the niche aspect. Where do I sign up? EDIT: Thanks. Subbed. I use Balsamiq for this and love it. http://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/ Maybe he imported noodles from Rome? ...these fancy entrepreneurs and their start-up monies. > getting people off balance is always fun. Also fun by actually remembering the names of new people. Apps are great for things that you need notifications for, or anything that needs to be "always on" for you. I prefer not installing apps unless they meet that criteria, or there is no web version available. Agreed, and as a mechanical solution, it is likely better than an electronic solution in a damp environment such as a shower. I don't necessarily "want" to lead, but it's where the money's at. I'll certainly look into this more. > Simon may have no choice but to steal There's always a choice. Thievery is despicable. I don't believe that the presence of the vulnerability is the reason people are looking to migrate. I believe that the discovery of this vulnerability shed light on the code quality of OpenSSL, and that is what is turning people away. Some people have only recently learned of the quality issues, and have lost trust in the project. Others have known about them, but have been begrudgingly dealing with them, and this was the straw that broke the camels back. There's always someone looking to migrate to a different implementation, and all they need is a good reason to justify the effort. Mortgages, donations, and other deductibles. As well as stock trades, investments and other sources of income. I used to wonder that as well until I bought a house and did some investing. For the more simple returns, there's easier ways than copy/pasting. If it's just a W2, there's apps that let you take a picture of it, and it'll OCR it and populate the forms automagically. Publix used to deliver groceries about 10 or so years ago. I used that service from the moment it started to the moment they shut it down. It wasn't viable, because they didn't charge enough, and I would have happily paid more. I miss it to this day, because no one else has started a similar service in my area. Everyone can use it easily. It's an easy tool to use. You don't need a Google account to install an extension. > What do I do? Install the extension and use postman easily. If you give a reason, there's a small chance that you may have to defend that reason legally. Therefore, it's best to not give a specific reason. It's harsh, but protection of the business is more of a priority than potentially hurting someone's feelings by not giving a reason. Of course there are exceptions. My girlfriend being one of them. She's not capable of switching and input and using a different remote to control a different device - or even a universal remote to control both devices, for that matter. If she cannot get to Netflix with the push of a button, then I get a call every time she wants to watch Netflix when I'm not home. Smart TVs make technology accessible, and that's why they are popular. If the moon is only one pixel in an image that doesn't fit on your screen, then it would be invisible in an image that does. It would be impossible to get the whole solar system in one image that fits on your current screen without scrolling. So, what you would really like is a higher resolution screen. Hmmm, I don't know. When I install it on Windows Chrome, I immediately get an icon next to the URL bar. Sorry I can't be of more help. Displaying text clearly and without artifacts surrounding it. Hearts and Euchre - obsessively. I will only switch lanes when I can see what is causing the blockage. If it's an accident to one side, I get to the other. This avoids the mess of merging at the last minute. Having tested this by noting the positions of large distinct trucks that I can see form a distance, I've noticed that I do get through the jam faster this way. It looks like HTML5 has opened up the same avenues of UI abuse that Flash did. I agree. I believe that, to businesses, perception is reality, and Rice's appointment will give the perception of increased data security. People may value privacy, but businesses value security. Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? Thanks for the informative post. I'm new to the idea, and I have a question. You say that the decision making process is democratic. Couldn't that be dangerous? The majority is not always right, or even informed enough to make a correct decision. An executive hierarchy puts this process in the hands of key decision makers, who are supposed to make the correct decisions to protect the company's interests based on their experience. What happens when the decision made by the democratic majority is potentially harmful to the company? Is there a hierarchy in place to mitigate bad decisions? EDIT: jawns has clarified that the democratic process can be used to appoint an executive heirarchy. I was under the impression that every business decision was put to a vote by the entire cooperative. I understand now that key decision makers can be elected in order to mitigate decisions that may be harmful to the business. I've never noticed the "a" was missing until now, but I've intuitively always pronounced it as one word, like "coda-cademy" I purchased a quarter on the street for $100. It was a medical strain that came in a jar labeled with all of the manufacturers information - somewhere out in California. I looked it up on the manufacturers web site, and they were charging $200 to customers with a card. If that is the standard, then they are going to have a hell of a time overriding the street market with retail. Oh, really? -- posted from my smartphone I used to despise the full page ads that would appear before the articles contents were displayed, and would close the page and never come back. Now, I just close the ad and read the article, pretending the ad was never there. Maybe it's just a matter of forced acceptance, because I no longer find it a distraction. However, if you pop something up over the content that I am actively reading, I, like you, am sure to close the page and never come back. Like this, but for employment instead of freelance? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7679422 Yes. In fact, it's the only valid argument. Most people I that I know own a gun, and none have ever killed anybody. People with mental issues kill people, and they use more than just guns. I have a block of knives on my kitchen counter that have the potential to be just as deadly. Cairo may be more accessible from Amsterdam. > The URL is still accessible in iOS by tapping the URL bar, or in the Canary experiment by clicking the origin chip or hitting ⌘-L.[0] I honestly don't see what the big deal is. So, you have to click the origin chip to modify or share the URL. There's even a handy keyboard shortcut. What am I missing? The examples in the link[0] show that it's actually beneficial. [0] http://jakearchibald.com/2014/improving-the-url-bar/ The new Acura MDX has something like this for its backup camera. The center rear view mirror looks normal, until you put it in reverse. When you do, the left hand side of the mirror becomes the backup camera monitor, with no reflection. The best part is, you can still see a reflection in the right side of the mirror, so you can use it as normal, and you don't have to look down at your dashboard to see the video feed. An attacker would have to modify the actual gem files in a way that would yield the same checksums, since the hashing is one way only. This is terrible and very overly dramatic. This whole "white guilt" thing is getting old. I talk to everyone the same way, and have never had an issue with a conversation strictly because of someones race. White people can be unemployed too, and when you ask someone what they do for a living, its up to them as to where the conversation goes next. I live in South Florida, a cultural melting pot, and have never tailored my conversation to someones ethnicity. Just treat people how you would expect them to treat you. The rest is up to them, and it's not your fault if they don't treat you how you expect. > everywhere I click it says I need n more rep to use a piece of functionality. Sorta like HN. I like to prefix the element name with the entity name that will be written to. That way, if I have a form that will be writing to the attributes of multiple entities, I know exactly what each represents. If two entities share an attribute name, then the element names will be distinct. For instance, if I have a UI where the user can enter order details and add order lines, then the elements that represent order attributes are prefixed with "order-" and the others are prefixed with "orderLine-". It is tremendously helpful during maintenance. Oops, I didn't mean to type "orderLine" in camel case. I usually use underscores in the entity and attribute names, and separate them with a dash, like "order_line-item_sku". That way, I can distinctly select the entity or attribute, or easily search for all attributes for a given entity, like "order_line-". There's a saying that goes something like "a successful negotiation is one where both parties feel like they're getting the better deal". I think you are correct. You typically don't have to negotiate much for a fair deal. He's just making the point that it's unethical, which it is. Even if it boils down to simple bandwidth theft. Thanks for this. If you get errors while extracting with WinRar, like "Total path and file name length must not exceed 260 characters", then use the advice here[0] to work around it. [0] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13178377/winrar-total-pat... > I recommend extracting it so that the base directory is C:\Atom or whichever drive you prefer, as this prevents long path name errors. The issue I am referring to is not the same as the issue at the end of the post. I'm referring to an issue with the temp folder that WinRar uses, and not the path to which you are extracting. One more edit: Working well on Win7 Pro SP1. As well, I can often have a five minute phone call to get a few questions answered. It would have taken me five minutes just to type the questions in a clear an unambiguous way, and then I would have to wait for the response. I chose yes, but I really only have sporadic bouts of regret triggered by a specific event: not being able to grok things. Whenever I cannot wrap my head around a CS concept, I blame my postponement of my degree. Whatever it may be, I feel like I would have learned it at university. If I would have finished, I probably wouldn't have learned most of those things, but at least I wouldn't have that nagging feeling every time. Ctrl+Esc. Not as convenient, but it works. Alternatively, pair it with a new mouse fro m the MS Sculpt line, and you have a start button on the mouse. Wow, I did not know that. You are correct, and that is a terrible inconvenience. You could go the Sculpt mouse route still. I have the ergo, and I'm digging it. I have yet to use the (un-customizable) start button on it, but it does support the shortcuts. There are some people who loathe eating, and derive zero pleasure from their taste sense. They perceive meals as a chore. Those people are their very small target market for the complete-meal-replacement aspect of their product. Since I don't have the cred to edit a comment that's been replied to yet, I'll clarify in a reply: You are absolutely correct, and I should have been more clear about the complete-meal-replacement aspect. I was referring to the small segment of people that would love to replace every meal with something like Soylent. So maybe "complete-food-replacement" would have conveyed my intended meaning a bit better. I too ate lots of Ramen in college, but in order to prevent myself from wanting to slit my wrists, I'd usually seek out at least one meal a day with some nutiritional value, and, more importantly, flavor that wasn't just salt water. Specifically regarding temperature, I don't think Celsius is granular enough, unless you like working with fractions. For instance, in my home, I can feel the difference between 72 F (22.2 C) and 73 F (22.8 C), and I prefer 73 F. Fractions would be just as easy for me to decipher, but there are some dim folks out there that have to be catered to, because they are legitimate consumers. Regarding other measurements, I agree that metric should be used, because it just makes sense. Millimeters are about as granular as 1/16 inches, so that would eliminate the need to work with fractions in most cases. > This is not anticipated to pose a problem, as this is considerably longer than the time it would take the Sun to theoretically expand to a red giant and swallow the Earth. That's management speak right there. It's assumptions like this that will surely have future colonial developers cursing their earthbound predecessors. Hoppy beer is already skunked! (j/k) But seriously, a cold beer in the hot sun can be one of life's little pleasures, but it requires the right kind of beer - typically one that you wouldn't drink otherwise. For instance, I would never touch a Corona in a bar, but a Corona with a lime on the beach is a completely different experience. However, my go-to sun-beer is a nice Blue Moon with an orange slice, which is another beer I typically wouldn't drink otherwise. The fact that this has made over $50 in a day makes me question what I've been doing with my life. Hodor. It seems to be a nominal fee to prevent dormant accounts from taking up resources, and ensure a pool of committed candidates. I'm sure they are charging job posters much more money, and those posters would have the confidence that their offers are reaching committed individuals. (mostly - aside from the 30 day trial users) Really, you are more than "mostly" to blame; you are "completely" to blame. You're also bordering on defamation, so you should probably reconsider your article. As I said on the comment on your site: > Nothing is "deep within" the TOS, if you do what you are supposed to do when using it as part of your business model, and read it in it's entirety. You completely and solely failed in your due diligence. You have already used paid-tier resources, and they are simply asking you to reimburse them for that. > where I live That's something that you may need to consider changing if the job situation is really that drastic. You have nothing without your health. Correlation != Causation.* Maybe climate patterns are on a 650,001 year cycle? * I make no claims as to my stance on the issue. I am simply playing devil's advocate. I like Gear Up's game play style more. I'm not a big fan of RTS/RPG elements, and I just like to get into the fray a.s.a.p. Thank you for the link. It looks like fun. I shall check it out after work this evening. on Not that you are even on topic here, but it doesn't take "dozens of trees" to make the little wooden desk that he made. > over which they have full control That may just be the problem. When everyone has full control over how they present themselves, then everyone presents themselves differently. The problem with this approach is the inconsistency - a user has to learn their way around a different UX for each entity's presence. With Facebook and Twitter, it's a familiar UX for the end user, and the information related to different entities is presented in more or less the same format for all entities. This makes is easier for the end user to find the information they are looking for, and sometimes that's better than branding. So, while it's important for an entity to have a branded web identity, I think that it's equally important for an entity to have and promote a presence on popular social media as well. It's a sort of dumbed-down identity for the masses. "That wasn't in the specification" An excuse being an attempt to justify a fault, I don't consider that an excuse. That one is a fact, and it's not the programmers fault when it happens. You spelled "Israel" wrong. I think it's so the people will say "Oh well, at least it's not $400 million.", and go on with their day. But, it could be your theory too, or may both! :-) Tell your friend that there will always be (a) people with legitimate medical issues, (b) people who are fad dieters, and (c) people who judge. She cannot control any of those things, so she should not let those things irritate her. She's improving her life in one way, and letting it stress her in another. Tell her that I said it's okay for her to do whatever she wants for whatever reason she wants to, and it's no on else's business. Also, tell her I said to have a fantastic day! A direct input would be nice. It took me five seconds to keep eight dollars by holding, but it could have taken only one second with direct input. Any particular reason that it's limited to this mechanic? Also, it seems to be stuck on the eight dollar screen. It keeps asking me to hold to $8, but never shows me a new photo. This is the stock Note 3 browser. EDIT: Now I can't even get it to register $3. Perhaps we are hugging the site too hard. Yup. Chrome worked well. Nice work! Nope. Everything. Forever. I have never been convicted of a crime, but I do have felony arrests on my record that have prevented me from getting an apartment, and hindered me from getting into a university. Even if we could just stop charging people with felonies for victimless crimes, then that would be a good start. Not obvious to everyone. HN is a place for people to learn, as well as discuss. Coincidentally, I was dreading having to add an index on a multigigabyte table this weekend, because I didn't know whether or not it would be done in time for Monday morning business. You just helped put my mind at ease, so I can have a stress-free weekend. Thanks for the tip! I do. It's nice. Super fast for power users compared to web mail apps, and probably the best native client for Windows in terms of functionality. I'm not even locked into Exchange. As someone who is currently in the SEO mix and using an SEO vendor, I'll take this opportunity to pick your brain for a single question. What would you consider to be the most important/valuable KPI? For some context, our SEO rep currently touts "number of new leads" as most important due to more people knowing about us, and we think "number of conversions" is more important due to ROI. I've been looking at the Kinesis keyboards to try to get some relief from wrist pain. Which do you use? Have you tried the MS Natural, or did you go straight to Kinesis? I use the Natural. I bought a Sculpt, but took it back because of the top row of keys being so small, and a couple of other gripes. I bought another Natural, but I always ponder the Kinesis line. Besides the unknown experience, the price is also a factor. I don't think the responsibility to get legal permission is on the creator of the collection, but on the person using the logo instead. > All pages have Informal Fallacy. Not 34. ;-) It's not just you. It's an annoying trend. Perhaps it's good for phones and tablets (that's arguable), but I don't think it's good for mouse input. At least this landing page (NPR) has optional buttons on the right side, unlike most pages I've seen like this (Spendee). It's turning "mobile first" into "mobile only", and I am being dragged kicking and screaming into it. Oh wow, I hadn't even noticed that! I use the space bar to scroll in "couch mode", because of the lack of scroll wheel on my laptop. Lately, I feel like I'm going to start shaking my fist at clouds. Royalties. It only validates the number. It doesn't take part in the actual transactions. Perhaps it's because you're ticketing the vehicle's registered owner, but not necessarily the driver. > The right believe that their way is the only way. To be fair, the left feel this way too. Maybe the legal/tax implications of a for-profit entity accepting donations outweigh the benefits? I really don't know; I'm just brainstorming possibilities. > the left has been much more open to compromise Both sides compromise, but only when they think they are getting the better deal. There are moderates on both sides who get things done, and there are extremists on both sides that stifle progress. One side is not better at compromise than the other, in any regard. They are all politicians, and they are all motivated by the same thing: power and self fulfillment. This seems like a solution looking for a problem. The proposed "problem" of trawling through hundreds of emails doesn't seem like a problem to me. I just go through and flag actionable items, instead of trying to answer anything right away. I start with the newest messages first, so I can ignore the thread of messages that lead up to the latest. I've never spent more than an hour narrowing hundreds of emails down to a few that still require my attention. A small price to pay to keep things from falling through the cracks, because guess who is going to get blamed when someone forgets to resend an important message to me? This example illustrates the very slippery slope we find ourselves on today. The problem is that it's really no ones business unless and until I break a law. I shouldn't have to justify may legal actions to anyone, regardless of what they do and don't understand. What about "component" or "module"? Well, maybe not "module", but I'm just brainstorming. From the second section of the Sales FAQ [0]: Alternative Payment Methods PayPal is currently the only way to purchase a license for Sublime Text. However, for most countries a PayPal account is not required; you can purchase as a guest using a credit card. Unfortunately, PayPal requires users in some countries, such as New Zealand, to create an account. [0] http://www.sublimetext.com/sales_faq I'm sure that if he were to abandon Sublime, then he'd open source it. The community is too big not to. Besides, $60 is not a bad price for something that will always be ahead of Lime's curve. In my experience, when a project starts out of the gate by riding on the success of another project, it never fully catches up. To me, it means the maintainers are not capable of creating something themselves that is their own. They will likely always rely on Sublime to come up with new features and ideas first, and then copy them. With the mindset these days, I'm surprised people didn't think it was a bomb. Beautiful! And just a future feature request for the paid version: Would it be possible to limit the bandwidth allotted to an individual application? I know it's a monitoring tool, and that would be more of an administration tool feature, but I think it could fit in with the concept. That's not what OP said. The conversion to a free account and then back is not related to the refusal to refund his money. They temporarily took away paid features, but only because they botched his cancellation/refund request. When he pointed out their confusion, they corrected it. He didn't get a refund because they have a no refund policy. It was neglect for sure, but I think it stemmed from poor communication and not malice. He requested that they cancel his premium service and refund him for the remaining duration. They cancelled the premium service, but neglected to tell him that he wouldn't get a refund. Also, this was during a time when a lot of people were trying to cancel, so I'm sure the customer service team was overloaded with this type of request. > So it behooves me to eat a quick lunch and return to work. As you stated, it's not for everyone. I went from a position with a mandatory half hour lunch to one where I had an optional lunch up to an hour long. I find that I'm much more productive when I take a full hour for lunch, and then stay an extra half hour after when I would normally leave. It really breaks up my day, and time doesn't seem to drag on towards the end of the day. It also helps that I live close to work, so I can go home and play with my dog for a while. She has really good ideas, and has helped me get through some conundrums. Not for everyone. For me, yes, at least 15 minutes, but my SO can often go out in less than 5. I never take naps for that reason, and she takes them frequently. Perhaps there's a correlation between the time it takes to fall asleep and the frequency of naps. Not to mention that, after he complied with no signs of resistance, he still gets a boot in the back from these thugs. The guy even jumps off his back foot a couple times, just to make sure his entire body weight is on him. Good thing he could hear them over the headphones, or he'd have likely been shot in the back. That's the price you pay for not resisting. I'm just curious as to why it's a bad idea? I click URLs in emails all the time. I just hover over it to make sure that the hyperlink matches the text. Is there another possible security issue that I'm missing? Very interesting. I suppose it would only affect browser based email clients, but a lot of the non-tech-savvy people I work with use the web mail client exclusively, so that is definitely an issue. Of course we've heard of phishing, but checking the actual hyperlink rules that out. Your example is an extreme edge case, and the people using those browsers have plenty of other security issues to worry about. Besides, I was genuinely curious. I know about phishing, but I don't know if you had anything else in mind. I learn a lot from the HN community. I could be wrong, but I think the "M" means thousands in this case. I know it means thousands when dealing with inventory UOMs. 100 million lines just seems like a lot, even for a code generator, and not something that would be turned over to a single team. * Always-on internet connection required I kid, but it does say "The Dyson Link app may not be available in all markets.", so I'm assuming that it will not require an internet connection to function properly. And multi-recipe meals. As it is, I either get dinner or dessert. Seeing that I have the willpower of a Kennedy, I'd be eating a full tray of brownies for dinner each night. Huge fines should be imposed for whatever footage is subpoenaed and subsequently found to be "corrupted" or "missing". That's the only way this could work, while still protecting the privacy of the citizens with which police interact. Not to mention that it's carrier exclusive. That only worked once, for the iPhone, and will likely never work that way again. Besides, AT&T has good coverage where I live, but I've heard that they are pretty bad in some metro areas, so they locked out a lot of potential customers from the start. Is there perhaps a demo or video to showcase functionality, so that I don't have to create an account to learn more? I'm specifically interested in the API functionality. We have a marketing campaign application into which we are currently building functionality to track social media posts related to a campaign. On the surface, this looks like something we could leverage instead of building it all out ourselves, but I cannot determine that from the information on the landing page. My solution is to not do any one thing every day, with the exception of common tasks, like eating and breathing. I try to do at least one thing to better myself each day, and that activity can come from a myriad of choices. Even on those days when I seemingly get nothing done, like sitting on the couch stuffing my face and watching football, I feel like I've accomplished resting myself to prepare for a more productive day tomorrow. Life's to short to worry about doing anything that you don't want to do in the moment, as long as all of your responsibilities are out of the way first. By responsibilities, I mean commitments to others, such as family, friends, and associates. If I don't feel like doing something for myself, I just don't do it, and I'm much better off for it. Just guessing, but I would say that's because "git" is only derogatory in British English, and wasn't popular (if even existent) in American English until it's use as the name of a DVCS. How do you like the Smartwatch 2? I have enough points on my Sony card to pick one up, but I'm still on the fence as to whether or not I would actually use it. If you spend your money on something that makes you happy, then it's money well spent. So, in that context, "irrational" is subjective. Thanks! I've been researching, but it's always good to hear from a hands-on real-world user. I'm not sure about the connection protocols, but it looks like it determines which side(s) each device is on by the direction that you swipe to connect them. I've sat on my Note 3 (sans any type of case) more times than I can remember, and have never even so much as scratched it. I keep my phone in my front pocket 90% of the time. However, there's been a number of times where I've been distracted, and have slipped it in my back pocket just before sitting on it, such as finishing a conversation just before getting into the car or working on something that may get my front wet, like gardening. It's a nice adrenaline rush feeling it under me all of a sudden, but, thankfully, I've never inflicted damage like that. Looks nice so far. Looking forward to the "live instance", assuming it will be a pre-populated project showing off all of the functionality. I manage multiple concurrent projects, and I don't see an overview of open issues across projects. Am I missing that, or are there plans to add that? No, no...thank you for your contribution! > I don't need or use an app to interact with any of those things, and when I have been offered apps, they've been worse than useless. A store clerk recently invited me to download their app, and when I showed her that it requested every single permission, she was still baffled as to why I would want to cancel the download. > Why can I find a shelf stocker in Target and he can use his li'l belt computer to tell me where anything is in the store, down to the shelf, and how many they have, but I can't have access to that information before I enter the store? Home Depot's mobile app will tell you exactly where an item is on the shelf, including aisle, section, and level. They even have a map so you can find items that aren't on numbered aisles. It's fantastic. I would imagine that this holds true for social media apps, but, in my experience, the browser is still king for commerce. Would this reduce the storage lifespan of the disc? Would this technique make it physically more brittle, if the current form factor is used? > holding a particular position This is the "exercise" part. Your really don't realize how much effort it takes to hold a position until after you've had to hold it for a minute or two. It's my favorite form of exercise. It's not an endorphin rush, per se, but more of an endorphin creep. Also, in my experience, The endorphin high seems to last longer than a high intensity workout. To me, it's just as good, except, different. It really sucks that it's so difficult to find a business class 17" laptop. Any suggestions? Very nice, thanks. Comparable price to the Thinkpad (my current favorite). The only think missing is the button mouse (probably the reason Thinkpads are my favorite), but I just picked up a Logitech T650 trackpad this week, and am forcing myself to get used to it, due to RSI issues. By gosh, this looks like it just might work! And some good glazed baby carrots might as well be a dessert. I interpret that as constructively figuring out ways to mitigate the stress point, instead of trying to ignore it or running from it, which is destructive, because it doesn't reduce or remove it. I use Bootstrap, because the majority of the apps that I build are for internal use within the company that I work for. The default look and feel is perfect for these utilitarian apps, and we don't have to worry about being inconsistent in our design by using it. It's just the right tool for my job. > or ask for a second one if you don't like the first That's actually very common, especially in states where you only have to pay for what you eat, so restaurants are all to happy to replace your meal if you don't like it. That being said, I understand why you are doing it the way you're doing it, thanks to your explanation. As for the price, I don't think it's the price that people would balk at, but rather, the principle - the fact that they can flat out lose their money based on someone else's whim. I think that if you figure out how to give them something for their money when a date falls through, then it would just make people feel better. I don't know what that could be though, so I'll leave it to you. While I'm here, I'll add my vote to get rid of the Facebook requirement. I'm very single and ready to mingle, but I don't do social media. One thing I learned from Alaska State Troopers is that there are charities who will come pick up Moose roadkill in Alaska and process the meat for needy families. Pretty cool. I'm curious to know how the videos stack up to the tuts+ video series [0]. (Even though I think tuts+ is ST2 only.) Have you viewed those? [0] http://code.tutsplus.com/courses/perfect-workflow-in-sublime... An older link, but: http://emacsredux.com/blog/2014/01/01/a-peek-at-emacs-24-dot... > UI design is becoming like fashion I think it's always been fashionable to have a modern UI. Just look at windows (the concept). I think the trends are just moving faster nowadays, as the tools to related to developing UIs become more accessible. I'm with you. Move advanced options to about:config, or somewhere similar. > the answer eliminates twins I don't believe so, because regardless of which child has blue eyes, it doesn't eliminate the possibility that either or both of the other children also have blue eyes. If the statement was qualified with an "only", then you could eliminate twins. This is interesting to me, as it kind of hits home. I'm more introverted than extroverted, but I can be a true extrovert when I choose to be. I grew up with the introverted face, and had trouble with relationships (friendships, really, at that age). One day in high school, a girl that I liked told me that I should smile more. I took that advice to heart, and from that day on, I told myself that I would try to smile all-the-time. Well, fast forward a couple of decades, and I can honestly say that that is the one piece of advice that has stuck with me all of these years. The results were instant and measurable. People, in general, treated me differently...better. My social awkwardness faded to but a memory. So much so, that I don't feel guilty doing introverted activities (which I do...a lot), because I know I don't have to be. Why can't we have both?[0] I'm curious to know if there are any drawbacks to the approach in the linked article. [0] http://www.hanselman.com/blog/CDNsFailButYourScriptsDontHave... This article[0] looks like it supports both (after a cursory glance): [0] http://eddmann.com/posts/providing-local-js-and-css-resource... In my personal situation, this isn't feasible, because I have a very hard time sitting in chairs where I cannot plant my feet firmly on the ground in front of me. I can only dangle my feet, or plant them underneath me, for a few minutes. After that, my back starts to hurt terribly bad, and stays that way for a while. I wish the solution was that simple for me. If I were the type of person it would work for, I would definitely go the stool/highchair route over an expensive adjustable desk. Aliexpress is where you want to go for single quantity orders. Here's just one of a few that I found there: http://www.aliexpress.com/item/Electrical-Sit-and-Stand-Heig... EDIT: Holy wow, I totally missed the shipping on that thing! Anyway, I'm sure there's more affordable options there, for those in the market. While we're being positive, I absolutely do not think Amazon would be stupid enough to shoot themselves in the foot sending all recorded data up to the cloud. I'm certain that within a few hours of release, someone will have a network monitor hooked up. Their findings will be widely known almost immediately, and this thing would be dead in the water if they were sending everything up. They know this already. Exactly. Casual conversation won't be sent up; only commands. Right, so it sends the commands that you give it only after it recognizes a pre-programmed word. It will likely not send up casual conversation surrounding the command, as there would not be a non-nefarious reason to do that. Only organic tangelos have bugs. The pause button for a live stream is the one that says "mute". ;-) Fiji is unique, because it's softened more so than others. In my opinion, it's delicious. While I normally don't buy battled water, if I must, it's Fiji, if available. Vaping and smoking are two different experiences, and eating it is yet another. IMHO, in order to properly review a strain, all routes of ingestion should be analyzed. Data visualization. Deh-tal, Doo-tal, Keh-fi, Kuh-fi, Neh-len, Nuh-len So basically, put the current value of the coins in escrow, instead of the coins themselves, in case they drop in value dramatically over time. Makes sense to me. I could see this with physical bitcoins, but the fact that these are virtual bitcoins is certainly worrisome. I'm relatively new here. While I do run across comments where people seem to be talking down to others, I see that they are mostly in the minority. That is very refreshing, compared to most other sites where intellectual conversations are taking place. I usually just chalk it up to the difficulty in conveying emotion through strictly text. In the case where it is obviously not so, it's easy enough to ignore the person. Basically, there's always going to be one or two of that guy in any conversation. I'm just happy that they're seemingly kept to a minimum on HN. Yes, because everyone that uses Gmail has been doing so for 10 years. /s While we value the knowledge you have to share with us, there are words you can choose to convey that knowledge that won't leave you coming off so brashly. Agreed. My front tire slipped to the left on wet slanted concrete. My helmet hit the ground so hard that my glasses flew off my face and were flattened upon impact. I just ended up with a little scuff and a headache. (and a broken shoulder and knuckle) There was nothing I could do to prevent the impact, as I've trained myself to pull my money makers under me in a fall and let my body take the hit (the broken finger got wrapped up in the brake lever on the way down). There was something preventative that I could do in case of an impact, and boy am I glad I did: wear a helmet. That's what the helmet is for! ;-) I used to reach out my hands when falling, but now I tuck them in and lead with my shoulder. that was my first major fall, but it's something that I would repeat to myself in my head while riding. In the aforementioned case, I was falling sideways and forwards. I suppose if I were leading with my head I would try to break the fall with my hands. I don't know; it all comes down to muscle memory, subliminal reaction, and how bad I'm freaking out at the time. I took safety one step further, and just haven't been back on the bike since. I keep saying I gotta get it fixed up and start riding again, but I'm not in too much of a hurry. I got a recumbent stationary bike for the house, and I ride that in front of Netflix. I actually ride now more than I ever did! On a side note, I've actually been thinking of taking up martial arts training. For what it's worth, I found the quip to be funny. I also found it to be appropriate in the context, as anyone who has braved the Black Friday crowd would (only once - lesson learned). But then again, I'm also one of those old curmudgeons who think that everybody gets their panties in a twist way to easily these days. Why would you think anyone else is beneath you? I'm sorry that you feel privileged in some way because you are white, but everyone is created equal, regardless of race. You'll be a happier person if you live and let live, instead of letting people annoy you so easily. The modal design is purely subjective. I think they did a fine job. It's great for the purpose, because it's uncluttered, has clear prompts, and has useful placeholders. IMHO, anything else would just be fluff that gets in the way of the UX. I missed those the first time around, because my gaze was focused on the form and it's container. You're right, that should be addressed. I would imagine addressing the scroll bar issue would resolve the cut off text as well. It looks like something that wasn't a priority for roll-out, because it doesn't really affect UX so much, but I do think it's something that needs to be fixed in the next release. I would imagine that the "living with a parent" trend correlates with the "foreign born" trend. From what I've heard about other cultures outside of the US, it's common for a child to live with a parent up until they get married. Maybe I'm weird, but I feel slightly offended if a vendor is not offering their lowest price to begin with. A lower price from a different vendor doesn't bother me, but knowing that someone else can pay a lower price for the same product from the same vendor just irks me a little. Especially in these times of fierce pricing competition. It just feels disingenuous. Of course, this is just from this consumer's point of view. I can see the added value to the vendor, but since I'm only a consumer, it is only the consumers' perspective that affects me. That makes sense. But this quote from the article made me think that they may leave it open as an option for other types of vendors: "and for sellers looking to communicate and negotiate directly with customers in an online marketplace environment just like they do normally in their own physical store or gallery" I'm certainly in the (b) category. I don't have to have most things right away. I have a list of things that check pricing on frequently, and when the price is right, I buy. Sometimes I never buy because the price never meets the threshold. Of course, that's only for things I desire, and don't necessarily need. Of course, as morley pointed out in a separate reply, this seems like it may only be limited to art and memorabilia, which tend not to have a set value. If limited to these types of items, then Amazon's approach may make sense. Makes sense. Another great use case that I didn't think of. > physical store I've always heard that Special K is a dissociative, not a hallucinogen. This has been confirmed with my experience with it as well. It's the only drug I've every tried where I can float above myself and look down on my body, but I've never seen anything that really wasn't there, no matter how much I've taken. I don't know that it isn't a hallucinogen, but I've always heard that it's not. Although, I wouldn't consider an out-of-body experience a hallucination, because it's not adding anything to the scene. I think it's more of a perspective shift, based on what you already know about yourself and your surroundings. I wonder if it could be experienced by someone who has (hypothetically) never looked at themselves in a mirror, or someone who is blindfolded and moved into a different setting that they were not previously familiar with. I've experienced plenty of hallucinations, and the out-of-body experience from K was dramatically different for me. If felt more like a dream state, rather than a mostly normal state where my eyes were playing tricks on me (LSD and the like). Cool. Thanks for the clarification. Whatever it is, it sure is "special". (in a good way) Torrent files brought the power of Usenet to the masses through ease of use and a total HTTP based solution (i.e. not having to pay extra for a separate Usenet account). I don't think connection speed had as much to do with anything, but the sheer number of new file sharers thrust torrents into the limelight.