Also feels like a regression. What's wrong with keeping that option? Regex is universal way of matching strings. > difficult or impossible using just a regex search I am sorry but this isn't true. I can prove it. Regex is used to parse the program itself that runs APT, this is called Lexical analysis[1]. GNU Bison and Flex [2] are lexical analyzers for example that compile a lot of code we write today. So whatever pattern matching code was written in C as part of the APT 2.0 package, that code itself is read and compiled by regex. So, it provably cannot be impossible to do a match using this new feature you're referring to that cannot be matched using plain old regex. Difficulty is subjective depending on who the target demographic is. All these things are actually moot - it doesn't cost you anything to keep Regex option to search for some package names, perhaps a bit of additional code to maintain. Also, other means of pattern matching can be added in addition to regex search feature. Why not both? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis [2] https://aquamentus.com/flex_bison.html I am not an expert at epidemiology but I found WHO's leadership sorely lacking, profoundly confused and generally weak in every way. Let this be a lesson to learn for western democracies to not put all of their eggs in one basket. Diversification, localization and strategic globalization of the supply chain should be at the forefront of the issues to be discussed, ratified and acted upon after this pandemic is over. When one country manufactures 90% of world's goods (not accurate, to make a point), while the top 1% gets their bonuses for increasing profit margins, this is what we have. We've lost skills, we've lost our stance to manufacture things in our own homeland. It is depressing, deeply worrying and feels like the entire world has been gutted out by one country. Just to make it clear - think about this scenario - what would happen if one country made the food for the rest of the world? (Thankfully, we don't, but it can happen). What about pharmaceuticals? (Unfortunately, 90% of the world's generic drugs are made in Asia, primarily in India who in turn depends on China) [1]. [1] China is the world's largest raw materials exporter for Drugs: https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-opens-door-to-foreign-dru... Edit: I just realized that some of the startup and entrepreneurs around the world are on this forum, if you'd like to get into manufacturing, want to learn about more abstract concepts of manufacturing, I implore you to checkout: Manufacturing Planning and Control for Supply Chain Management reference book - https://books.google.com/books/about/Manufacturing_Planning_... This book is absolute gold . Manufacturing is like playing this game Factorio (google it) but in real life. It is an exciting field ripe for innovation, many very hard problems and unlimited potential (and a lot of risk as well). I don't have a good answer. First and foremost, the shipping rates for consumer goods from China is outrageously low. People buying from Germany to Australia to USA - $2 shipped PCBs and $4 toys shipped - all have one thing in common: Shipping cost is highly subsized because of this treaty - https://www.vox.com/2018/10/19/17996378/trump-china-universa... Specifcally, the problem is the Universal Postal Union: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Postal_Union Locally made goods can benefit from some tax breaks and government subsidies as well, but the aforementioned problem needs to be resolved. Alas, it won't be because executives keep lobbying and paying off key decision makers. The whole thing is corrupt. I don't agree with President Trump on majority of things, but I try to not let bias triumph over logic, pragmatism and rational ideas; no matter who is pushing them. It is not about autarky, but diversification and resiliency of the supply chain. Automakers are experts at this - BMW cars made in USA (South Carolina) have US made parts and ones made in Germany have locally sourced parts from Germany, yet the ones made in South Africa have diversified sources - both local and international. If you're in the US, you can see this % of locally made parts right on the window price sticker. It's not just for show - if there is a shortage of headliners in US, it can import it for a short term needs from Europe and vice-versa. No one is suggesting complete in-house isolation aka Autarky, but to avoid SPOF (single point of failure) supply chains - probability of each link breaking adds up when your supply chain is 18 levels deep from an iPhone to the copper mine. Let's go to the source of this problem - Corn/Wheat lobbyist paying off lawmakers in DC. This is the root cause of American sell out. It is an awful system that needs to be completely dismantled, criminilized and banned. Please don't tell me about how each special group has the right to lobby... this is an asymmetrical game. As the corn/wheat lobbyists lobby, who is opposing them? No one. And, as their interests are in billions of dollars, it is literally impossible of oppose. I am willing to bet, large number of America's problems can be traced straight to the abhorrently corrupt process of lobbying. https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-out-of-politics/ You could vote for him if you're in the US. College Prep is a giant business that needs to be dismantled. They have a monopoly in this area. IMO each college should be doing their own objective test. Definitely agree about subjective tests - smooth talkers will get ahead. But that's already the case in getting a job after they graduate - interviewing process is already broken. It needs to be dismantled due to monopoly. I’m not sure how. Those are orthogonal. I think it’s pretty insane that a single company is a gatekeeper to elite institutions. I’m honestly not sure of the solution, but the problem is pretty evident. College Prep could raise exam fees by 200% tomorrow and you have no law, no oversight from the government or anything preventing them from doing so. Absolute monopoly. They’re no different than professors in bed with book publishers, mandating a particular book for the course. Students need to spend $350 on a textbook is insanity. Not sure if I agree, more likely is the following: - Apple presumably is subsidizing hardware if it leads to larger NPV for their service business and recurring revenues for the lifetime of the said hardware. For instance, if a user buys an iPhone, they're more likely to buy Apple music, News+, iCloud storage plans, etc. This is akin to, in extreme case, Sony Playstation - they're often sold at a loss hoping to create future revenue streams from games. The reason why they can get away from selling Playstation consoles at a loss is because without buying games, it is completely useless piece of hardware. In the case of iPhone, it is not quite the same as Playstation because you don't need Apple Music to use an iPhone. Coronavirus has an incubation period of avg 5 days, and it gets contagious on the 2nd day. So, no, that will not work unless we have billions of tests and we test every citizen 3 times a week. Given that we don't have tests, and we cannot test every citizen with force; this is not gonna work. This cannot be stated enough. Why is it so difficult to understand for most people that MacOS is a much larger part of the equation than simply comparing mac vs. pc hardware? The engine behind moore's law is that for the same given silicon area, we can pack more and more transistors. So what, one might say? Because if we can cram more and more die on a wafer (which has remained a standard 300mm diameter since 2000's) then the $/die goes down. Running a semiconductor fab is about how many wafers can be processed per unit time (or also known as WS/W or wafer starts per week). I see problems with this analogy but that's fine, its an analogy after all :) "If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, we would produce a billion rolls royces a year, get a million miles per gallon, can transport 10000 people per car and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. Oh and it would cost $3.50 per car." Design is not just about how a thing looks or what kind of shape it has, but the intelligence that goes into how it works. From the video - it is exchanging encrypted IDs between 2 phones over bluetooth, this is potentially huge if adopted around the world. I wonder if other governments can get in touch with SG government to fork this solution if privacy across countries is of concern. http://archive.is/MSgJs Any virologists here? Is it possible that we may have a grave future where a virus emerges with R0 value of 6-7 (such as measles virus), long incubation period (10 days, contagious on 2nd day) and a death rate of 50-100% (such as Ebola)? A virus with the combination of all of the aforementioned properties would guarantee complete extinction of humans (or we get very close to it). Should we consider ourselves lucky? Edit: my intent wasn't to incite panic, but to learn about the virology, molecular biology and the physics of transmission. I am truly alarmed and completely unqualified to say this but I'll throw it there anyways - I would vote for reducing military spending by 90% and increasing pandemic R&D, hygiene and medicine spending by 10000%. If a nation is nuclear armed, we don't need a massive military perhaps. Isn’t this is literally survivorship-bias? There are a lot of events that can happen in future which has no precedence. But I generally agree with you, it’s hard to speculate. This is horrific. I am gonna use this term "Don't burn your bridges until after you've cross them" to communicate that contagious incubation period is extremely dangerous and the reason why the current Coronavirus epidemic turned into a global pandemic. Thus, testing is by far the most important capability to have - it is a litmust test whether the pathogen is ready to build one of those bridges to cross. I am seeing a distinct lack of emphasis on “You’re contagious even before you realize you have COVID-19”. Instead of just telling people “Stay home”, we need to provide the reason why. I don’t see that in White House briefings. In the press. No where. It seems to be that the spread of the virus is fundamentally linked to this incubatory contagious effects, otherwise this whole Coronavirus pandemic would have been a localized epidemic in Wuhan. Can we press hard on this? Tell everyone you know. The press isn’t doing their job, it feels. iPad OS (and iOS) has 1 major flaw and no one seems to be talking about it: - The animations/effects etc take way too long. It is fatiguing to work on it because every action takes at least 2+ seconds with a dozen animations, each one lasting 100ms-300ms! Try the following task yourself: Copy a piece of text from safari and create a new note in the Notes app, and paste it in there. While you're doing this, time it. Seriously, do it. And then do it 10 times. See how tired you get. We need a completely new operating system with absolutely zero animations. You know what happens when you launch vim from CLI? It starts up. No animations. CLI is a pain to work with at times, but this aspect is so critical to putting a smile on the users face. Everything would instantly become insanely fast. I understand the value of animations - they're there to provide context, where something slides in and slides out from. This is fine for iPhone. But not for a workstation. I also understand that I can disable motion in accessibility settings but it still doesn't disable all of them. Also, that's not the default so that's a moot point. This is such a low hanging fruit to speed up things, but alas, we have UX/UI designers that insist on "sleek" and "sexy" UX/UI without delving into the fundamentals of what makes a product or software pleasant to use. While you're at it, you'd also improve the UX - battery life because you're not churning transparency effects and motion blur through the GPU pipes. Yes, battery life is "UX" IMO. I knew this would come up, thus I already addressed it in my comment above. That's not the default. And it still doesn't feel good - because animations are at the core of the UX/UI of Apple software. IMO the software needs to be designed from ground up with strict understanding of productivity and less marketing/design/aesthetics/animation. "Reduce motion" seems like an after thought hidden deep in the accessibility settings. Then you'd have IBM AS/400 :) Those things are used in airline ticketing, certain large grocery stores, semiconductor fabs and manufacturing MRPs systems for WIP tracking, and logistics industry - when you need speed and no bullshit. It is archaic but works faster than any Javascript app you can build. IMO this is a very underappreciated UI that needs more praise. Intel's, Global Foundries, TSMC factories (fab + assembly) run on IBM AS/400 I believe. I have anecdotal information about large companies switching to contemporary systems with nothing but dissatisfaction from the employees that actually use this system, 8 hours a day for many years. UI: https://i0.wp.com/as400i.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/main... Usually ships within 6-8 weeks. The negativity is warranted if you've ever run Julia or had to maintain it in production. Use it for your own Jupyter notebooks and personal analysis? Great! Need to debug some weird obscure error (which Julia does a poor job of reporting to the user, let alone which line in the stack trace) while having production pressure to get it up and running again? Julia is unquestionably, unarguably and utterly unsuitable. Do not use it in any production workflow, heed my advice as a maintainer of Julia repos and the tech debt that graduate students have created in our company (I am sorry but just stating the facts). You're still unsure? Let's switch sides, you maintain our company's production Julia repositories and I will take your spot to write beautiful code in a couple of hobby projects. I guarantee you, with absolute certainty, you will come down to your knees. You'll lose sleep. You'll hate management for letting this happen. I'd love to do a write up on the issues to guide the Julia team towards focusing on production and robustness, investing most of their efforts in a solid debugger support (Juno - totally incapable tool), and stopping all new features and "optimization" projects before getting these things sorted out. I am just too beaten, too bruised and injured to have the mental capacity to write an article. :( I am sorry if I am too harsh. You're right, I see the problem. I'll do an article and post it with detailed analysis. It will take some time because repos are like Tolstoy's quote - "All good repos are alike, every broken repo is broken in its own way". There are issues ranging from startup time, upstream packages breaking, constantly changing ecosystem (given for a new language), quirky behaviors and certain problems related to HTTP package and LibPQ packages that I couldn't even debug. So, I rewrote them in Python. Until then - I concede, please take it with a grain of salt and use your own judgement. Thank you, I can definitively say that some of the problems arise from poor programming practices than the language itself. But some languages are better at preventing people from writing bad code - see Rust and Go (impeccable packagement, project structure, memory management, RAII, etc) and Python (strict syntax PEP8/black). This is terrifying. When the Federal government stops functioning, the country will be in chaos. I very much admire Gov Cuomo - he is perfectly straight forward in his approach, putting aside partisanship and truly care about his state and the New York City. I encourage everyone to watch his updates to see for yourself. We need more leaders like him. In his presentation, he is telling how to run the Federal goverment and recommendations - which just illustrates the competance of the executive branch of the US Govt. Same thing with Gov Newsom of California. Latest update: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlZeKTlpcqU I also heard that Zoom has a lot of CCP influence in terms of its investment mix, CEO is Chinese (take it with a grain of salt) and generally, there is nervousness around the chinese influence and surveillance. US was delayed with the onset compared to Europe and the rest of the world. This is not some competition that lowest number of cases wins. If anything else, you need to account for cases/capita. Furthermore, India, a country of 1 billion+ citizens has less than 1000 cases. Why? Because they haven't got enough testing capacity. Please stop this ranking nonsense. It is not helping in anyway. If we want to assess how effective each country will fare - look no further than totalitarian and authoritarian states. Also, wait for all of this to be over with and then we can assess who did better and who did worse. Amidst the crisis, I am frankly concerned about comments such as this. Ranking by cases/capita (per 1M) 1. Iceland: 978 2. Switzerland: 864 3. Spain: 612 4. Norway: 417 5. Austria: 396 6. Germany: 297 7. Belgium: 293 8. Iran: 258 9. France: 245 10. Netherlands: 245 11. Denmark: 241 12. Sweden: 191 13. Ireland: 183 14. S Korea: 174 15. Portugal: 157 16. USA: 98 Ignoring smaller countries such as Estonia, Vatican City, etc Source: https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Even the aforementioned ranking is useless because the onset is staggered. It is like taking a slice of a timeseries data in the middle of highest rates of changes and saying "Here! Look. We have some definitive answers." I am in no way opposed to spreading the message to folks in deep south states who are largely ignoring this crisis. But using misleading data to alarm them is not the right way to go about this. The press should be doing their job of communicating what exactly is going on in hospitals, pressuring leaders of the states to consider the warnings, and generally taking an objective, scientific approach in informing the public. Then use cases/capita. US has 330 million people and comparing it with #2 spot (Italy with 60 million) is completely insane, not to mention that the worse is yet to come to US. I am all for taking a critical look at American systems and their effectiveness of the response, but the ranking by the case numbers is naive, misleading and unproductive. Agreed that we need to spread the message far and wide. Just slamming down on people that are doing their best to cope with this situation isn't very productive, if not discouraging and harmful. In these times, Solidarity is needed. Just the way we support Italian crisis, we need to do the same to the US and the rest of the countries. Slam governments, take it up on the streets to address issues after this pandemic is over. I edited my comment with some data. The onset is staggered, the entire ranking thing is useless until the pandemic is over. It is simply a tracker, not an objective measure of the efficacy or the effectiveness of the measures each country is taking. It is too soon. Unfortunately not because of obvious reasons, but we are a Biotech AI startup, about 180+ people. I am actually terrified about home remedies regular people provide without deep understanding of human physiology and medicine. Please refrain from providing advice to people if you're not in the position to do so unless you're a medical doctor. It sounds good hearted but this is exactly the kind of things we shouldn't be perpetuating. You can cause inadvertent loss of life in worst case. My parents are forwarding all kinds of shit from social media from fake vaccine news to completely insane home remedies such as going to a sauna when you have fever to "kill the virus". I am not suggesting you're doing this, but just to illustrate extreme case of misinformation. Please don't do any of this. I beg you. If you want to help, volunteer in a hospital. I see, perhaps you can then you can: - Spread information about hygiene, CDC recommendations on how to prevent spread of Coronavirus and reiterate/ephasize the importance of washing hands/cleaning public spaces. - Donate money to medical research, who knows, some of these home remedies may be useful. But not without getting the research done first. You don't see the danger of providing medical advise to others? I've been wrong many times of something that I thought was intuitive to me but ultimately there was a "oh..." moment when I saw experimental results or some concrete evidence. There is also a network effect - you say X to person Y. Person Y tells X to 10 other friends who then tell 1000 other people. The misinformation that started from you could potentially affect a lot of people and then you start having deep thoughts such as - I tested X on myself and it worked. But now 100,000 people are doing it - is it safe? This is why you should stop from providing medical advice to others. I am saying this with respect to you and your earnest intentions from heart. This is nice but still has major confounding effects that could completely change the story: - Amount of testing - Sampling process of testing - i.e. Policies that govern whether someone should be tested or not. Each country has their own policy. - Demographics, especially age - Still shows total cases, should be cases/capita - Some effects of weather/humidity Take it with a grain of salt but I am hearing (through finance podcasts) that a lot of hedge fund managers and investment bankers are working alone from home and without physical proximity with their teams, the panic levels are setting in. I think it makes sense to me - when we are not physically banded together, we have a lost sense of safety and security. Yeah that’s where I heard it. There was a question about remote work. I also think it’s a horrible name, reminds me of “Tootsie” and an equally ugly logo to match. These things are subjective but if enough people hate it, perhaps it’s important to look into it. Definitely. There is also universal agreement in good branding vs bad branding. I’ve been browsing the top branding blog for over 12 years now: https://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Still subjective but let’s compare Jitsi brand with something from https://www.cghnyc.com/ There is certainly a huge difference even though it’s not a quantitative measure. Jitsi brand just sucks so bad. :( I've spent significant time in Japan and everytime I return back to US, I never go "Gee...I wish we had one of them Japanese toilets". It's fine. Not great, but it does the job. Although I think bidets are great, we should get that going in the USA. HFT should be banned and there should be a 15 minute delay before trade execution. I think 3D printing is overrated. If you have a mold shop and an injection molding machine, you can get a mold made in emergency mode within 24 hours (yes, its possible). Optimization can take another 24 hours and some blank shots. If you don't care about aesthetics, you can do it much, much quicker. Then, its 20 seconds per part for next 300,000 parts for dirt cheap. Raw polymers can be sourced rapidly as there is a very strong supply chain around the world. 3D printing said it will change the world in 2011. Then it said it will revolutionize manufacturing in 2015. Its 2020 and it didn't happen. Injection molding is not going anywhere. SLA litho has nicer quality parts but take exceedingly long to print and more importantly - clean/UV bake takes a long time to cure. One area where 3D printing is actually useful is to be able to print parts that would be impossible to manufacture using injection molding - that cost to benefit ratio must be evaluated and questioned - do we really need a part like this? Perhaps its a dental implant, etc. Then it's justified. Within 48 hours or less if there is a national emergency calling to get it done. The main time sink is CAD work to get the part designed, and then designing mold cavity and runners and getting the EDM die made, and running the EDM process to create cavity. The injection molding machine if run by a competent expert team - they already know most pitfalls of things such as rib/wall thickness, shot weight, run time and temperature for a particular type of plastic. You can run test shots and optimize the injection molding parameters in a very short time. Alternatively, its possible to just use Aluminium molds for upto 10k parts. Surveillance accounts are already the case. And, we already conduct "Digital Cash" payments every day - Credit cards, ACH and Wire transfers and many other means where physical paper bundles of cash aren't literally shipped when you send money to another country. I guess, can you exemplify what exactly the government would be able to do with this bill vs. what it can already do? If they send you a check, that's not helping you much. It goes through the bank and there is 100% traceability of the $$$ from the Fed to your bank account which is already very much "Digital". Let me illustrate: FED -> JOE's bank account -> ATM cash withdrawal -> Buys private stuff $$$ cash FED -> JOE cashes the check -> Buys private stuff with $$$ cash The FED still knows that it went to JOE. Whether they use the bank as the intermediary or a check-cashing service as an intermediary, its all traceable. May be my logic is flawed here? To me, it doesn't make any difference. In both cases, what JOE bought with hard $$$ cash is indistinguishable. I think we're making a big deal out of this - I haven't read the bill but I am presuming that its just a modernization of physical mailing of checks to some wire transfer. Injection molding - The TOP thing we need to get mass manufacturing going. I just watched NYTimes front page video of Georgia Tech students trying to 3D print their way - it is unbelievably naive to use 3D printing in a situation that needs thousands and hundreds of thousands of parts. It defies common sense and elevates 3D printing to a new buzzwordy things by the media. Do you have injection molding tools and mold making expertise? It's an opportunity cost. If we allocate resources that can otherwise be put to a better use, why not? Efficiency is king in mass production. By all means, use 3D printing at hospital level to get things made that's needed. A parts of the face shield (such as the head band) can be locally manufacturered using 3d printers. But it is boggling to me that the media keeps wanting to get 3D printing buzzword clicks than actually asking manufacturing engineers. I'd like to add that most media professionals and journalists have no clue about manufacturing engineering and how difficult it is to produce something at mass scale. But they inccessantly write about 3D printing for more buzzword invoked clicks. Impossible to read anything on this website on mobile. How is it possible for any web designer to conceive a website where only 20% of the screen shows text? If you’re not a doctor, you should really stop providing medical advice to others. You’ve been aggressively pushing this whole home remedy thing. Stop saying things with authority, you can suggest things with “This is my personal advice but talk to your doctor”. I’m flagging your comments. Side note: Substack's font kerning is wrong and if this website is designed to be a blog - they really need to look at the font settings. Edit: it appears to be an issue with the font itself. I just turned off the custom font the website is so much more tolerable. Yeah, people don't get this fundamental aspect of governments vs. companies. China is a company who's CEO is Xi Jingpin and it has 1.4 billion employees. US Government (and all other democratic governments) have to show and to convince the rest of the Congress that we need to shut America down. Not saying that US gov did stellar in this pandemic, but its harder than it seems. It is also unfair to compare governments to private companies with 5-10 magnitude of order difference in every aspect from finances to number of people. IMO I've seen praise in literally every news article and very few criticisms and skeptics. I've said this time and again only to get downvotes since there is no proof or substantiation about the CCP surveillance claims. But, it is an important to keep in mind. There are things that I cannot say due to our employment contract and NDA, but to say the least, we are looking into this matter. Surveillance prospects, doesn't matter where they originate - US or China or Country X - need to be discussed and examined. But apparently, saying anything against China on HN is an automatic ban for creating a flame war. We've become too soft. Obviously personal attacks and racism is not tolerable. But, I would personally (some may disagree) say that we should also criticize bad parts of culture too...that's for another day or a different forum. Can we just get past the my country your country bullshit on HN and talk about privacy implications especially from the world's largest surveillance network? It is one thing to be spied upon for advertisement tracking, an entirely another to be spied upon by a brutal authoritarian government. Fearlessly criticizing CCP or the NSA, or Israeli intelligence agency or whatever... should be one of the most important things to talk about on "Hacker" news forum. I am gonna fire off some anon emails to WSJ/NYTimes/WaPo/Guardian to create some awareness and perhaps they can dig further into Chinese influence in using Zoom. I am deeply concerned. The entire world has given up video/audio/screen/application privacy in a snap... for the data might be stored in Tianjin datacenter, needless to say whose keys are in the hands of CCP - I guarantee that but cannot provide proof. Edit: past comments that were downvoted (and flagged): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22657794 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22684767 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22663295 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22705960 I am glad to hear. My perception is based on entire posts (not just comments) that were flagged due to extreme polarization of views. I can't find the thread but most comments that were anti-China were downvoted/flagged in that thread. I just have a general feeling, but I am glad to see your concerned voiced. Hey OP here, I am not working on some sinister corp. I work at a biotech startup. We are just concerned about IP theft than anything else. I can't edit the comment anymore...I just wrote down whatever, sorry if that was "hinting" to something more sinister. By all means, ignore it. I think it is probably a perception thing or may be not. Here is my opinion. Dang is doing his job and it is tough. He is keeping this place sound and clean. Dang - nothing against you but I see some double standards for e.g. criticizing CCP has far more weight than criticizing western governments. No one gets offended for criticizing the UK Govt or the German Govt or the even the Indian Govt - but when it comes to criticizing the Chinese Govt... we can't do that, it is a flame war. If people get offended, so be it. If someone from China or of Chinese ethnicity is reading this criticism and doesn't like it...well, tough luck. The onus is on the person getting offended, not the offender. This double standard needs to end (or as I see it through my own lens). Infact, we should be criticizing the CCP even more so than democratic governments. The chilling effect is very real. Beware everyone. Where is the press over this? Aeron. Look no further. I can’t upvote your comment enough. Most people questioning why Twitter needs have 2k staff is because of advertising. I’ve advertised on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Google - there is a tremendous amount of work that goes into the “money making” bit of these companies. Remove ad-revenue and all these companies would collapse. They have no other model. China runs like a company who’s CEO is Xi Jingpin and they have 1.4 billion employees. I heard the company culture is pretty horrifying - if you don’t follow orders from the security staff, you can face serious consequences. If you whistleblow, you’re destined to death. Nothing less. I disagree. I think Aeron chair is a masterpiece of ergonomics engineering. They are also not for everyone - some people I know hate it. But, Herman Miller is an amazing company with strong engineering culture - they’ve essentially perfected what an ergonomic chair should comprise of. Perhaps you should try a different size. Aeron comes in A, B and C sizes. This can make or break your opinion. This is not a bad idea. Cap the prices to $2.50/gallon and whatever the difference is should be all taxed. Does anyone find these names a bit weird? What happened to 80's glorious days where company and product names were super cool. - DynaMax - Ultron - Trinitron - Hypersystems - Logicore - Supra - Intertech - UniversalSystems - NationalTech - Automark - Spectra - Pentatype - PolyMatrix - MicroSpace - RotoCore Now we have things such as Flikr, Waymo, Skype, Jitsi and this thing... Jamo or Jami. :-/ Human race is regressing. Why does a product name have to have a "meaning" behind it? Kodachrome was abstract. That's true, otherwise it gets drowned in the noise. I guess, I was just commenting on the general trend of the way we name things today. How about Kodak? I am sure there are many names that are abstract. I wish media would stop tooting how amazing "3D Printing" is. It is just one of the ways of manufacturing. IMO, it is a poor way to do anything besides home hobby projects (there are a few medical exceptions). It takes 12+ hours to print anything useful. Yet media loves talking about 3D printing. For anyone who has worked in product design and manufacturing, it is one thing to be able to make a few prototypes (which is where 3D printing shines), and another challenge to make 5 million of those prototypes per week. It is monumentally difficult to produce anything in high volume. I wish the media would talk about many other amazing manufacturing technologies - injection molding (20 seconds a part!), die cast aluminium, water jet cutting, laser cutting, metal stamping, and machining. These are equally amazing technologies that make the world tick...yet 3D printing gets disproportionately amount of attention. Mold making alone is a topic of insane complexity and engineering challenges. Yep, if a hospital has a couple of 3D printers donated to them, by all means, make something . I am mostly concerned with the coverage from the media. Here are a few articles: https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/07/health/librarian-3d-printing-... https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-3d-printing-vent... https://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/coronavirus/art... https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-3d-pri... https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/03/27/950240/3d-printi... And NYTimes: https://www.google.com/search?q=nytimes+3d+printing+coronavi... It's cool but I am cynical that media loves talking about 3D printing because it generates more viewership; no one wants to read an article "Decades old technology of injection molding is still the best way to make high volume parts during this pandemic". Having worked in manufacturing for over 10 years, most of your claims are either A) Factually false B) Twisting my original points and cherry picking. No one is questioning the unique aspects that 3D printing brings to the table, it is just the wrong type of solution for this situation. > Face shields are useful and can be printed in under 3 hours (for the Prusa design). Some people have knocked the time down to about one hour. For something that costs cents and can be made at home, that's pretty useful. 3 hours is still too long and that's not the central point I am arguing about. It is mostly about media coverage. If you have a 3D printer, by all means use it. > Tell that to SpaceX. I've worked on 3D printers before it was cool. Way back in 2005, I designed and built turbine blade prototypes on Stratasys 3D printers that cost upwards of $250k. Can we get past this narrative of 3D printing usefulness to its narrow application? It is not going to revolutionize manufacturing anytime soon. Tell that to GE, Lockheed Martin, Apple, Intel, Boeing, etc. Every company has invested in 3D printing primarily for prototyping and occasionally for medium-volume production. You're not going to see 3D printed Nike soles on $40 shoe anytime soon. If you look at the amount of manufacturing that takes place on 3D printers vs. other technologies, you would not even see the slice of the pie that is for "3D printing". Additive manufacturing has niche applications. > All these technologies have been around for decades now. Why would they get any attention? Because in the time of war, when the nation is mobilizing to making millions of something, you want the press to talk about things that work? > Take injection molding. It may take 20 seconds, but that's _ after the manufacturing facilities and the mold are setup _ . This is unlike essentially pressing a print button, which is where we want to go. No shit, you need mold that takes time to make and validate. Usually 3-4 weeks, sometimes 8 weeks. But when there is a national emergency, you can turn it around within 48 hours. That's including the entire NRE process, design, validation and tooling. After 48 hours, you would have printed a few dozen parts in your beloved 3D printers. I would be churning out a part every 20 seconds after the initial 48 hours. Even if it is 100+ hours, it is still worth it when the quantity you want to make is 5 million. > 5 million units a week... these are not prototypes. Call them production samples or what have you, but this is an assembly line. Hey! why would you point that out? Isn't that obvious that by definition you cannot make 5 million prototypes? "These prototypes" - I was referring to the aforementioned reference to the prototypes in the previous sentence. Jeez. Just curious, how do you define what a tech company is? In addition, I think the definition of the term "Technology" is quite broad. According to the Oxford dictionary, Technology: The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry. In the formal terms, tech industry is all industry that relies on scientific knowledge to gain leverage. What large industry today doesn't involve using science in some form or the other? Perhaps the industry of religion. It is hard to find one and there is a gradual curve between least scientifically based industry to the most. I would even say - the general public needs to boycott Zoom and shift to something else that's open. Large scale (never this large in the history of mankind) data collection of facial features across the globe along with other meta data such as name and email address, perhaps a phone number - this is unprecedented amount of data that any government agency would kill to have. Just in a couple of months, the world has given up privacy in a snap. I would say the same thing about Facebook. Look at what we've created: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLo3e1Pak-Y And then the demand goes down after increasing the production capacity in 6 months. You have under utilized production lines and need to fire a bunch of staff. You see the problem? You can get flour from centralmilling.com Wouldn't there be a second peak as soon as we lift social distancing and other measures of containing this virus we have currently in place? These models assume that the same level of societal restrictions continue to be present into the future? We are no where near herd immunity for COVID-19. I don't see how we can keep the cases low and open up the economy. Wall Street says otherwise - market is up this week. Credit card rewards is a bizarre almost impossible to get rid of idea. Those "rewards" are amortized across all customers for a given business by the virtue of a higher transaction fee. There is no such thing as free lunch obviously. It has a positive feedback loop - the more people use credit cards (because of rewards and fraud protection), the more the competition to provide better rewards. This competition drives higher transaction fees to business which in turn pass those onto the customers. At the end, consumers lose no matter how you slice the pie. The only way to get rid of this racket is to pass a law that bans credit card rewards. Watch the chaos that ensues after that. The more positive way to look at this is that a consumer using a CC is paying 2-3% extra for a product to have an isolation between their bank account and the business charging them. The reward thing is a distraction to lure consumers. 2-3% doesn't sound like a bad deal for fraud protection, isolation and some perks. Someone has to take on liability risk and that's what CC companies do. It also polices businesses from defrauding and exploiting the consumer - I would guess that if a business has a very high percentage of charge backs, they'll be investigated and reprimanded, if not blocked by the CC company. > As a matter of course I just ask if there is a cash discount. Frequently there is. If it beats 2% I almost always take it. For a meal, that's fine. For a $2000 computer from a shady seller on the streets of Hong Kong, I would gladly pay $40 as an insurance against fraud. Peace of mind is nice and good CC companies (American Express) got your back. Actually this pandemic has shown some true colors of many nations. 1) US trying to unsuccessfully hoard supplies, issues with the German testing company 2) China trying to use soft power, but the whole drama feels fake. It is good that they are sending supplies (often faulty and not up to the quality, see dutch story around this) but it doesn't feel genuine. 3) European countries are in-fighting for supplies. Switzerland wants supplies from Germany who is unwilling to supply them. Austria and Germany butt heads. 4) India banning critical medical exports There are so many stories of how each nation is behaving. Even within the US, states are bidding against each other and the federal government has not shown solid leadership. When times are grim, humans tend to invoke strong tribal instincts (for e.g. brotherhood that forms between soldiers). If we hypothetically had a more deadly virus than Coronavirus, say with a CFR of 50% and we were unable to stop it, there would be in-fighting between counties and neighborhoods. There are some good stories too, especially the sacrifice of the healthcare workers, delivery staff and politicians. When times are great -> Globalism When times are tough -> Isolation and tribalism There are a ton of sources here: https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/china-floods-europe-d... China is trying the same thing that US did for many decades after WWII - to rally up global support through humanitarian aid: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid The problem is that the whole thing feels fake for 2 reasons (this is my personal opinion): 1) They are an authoritarian state using soft power for a democratic nation (Italy, Netherlands) - there is a real conflict of interest. 2) It is "pull" rather than "push" when it comes to soft power. You cannot muscle your way through it. As a superpower, you need to influence other nations such that those nations "want" to collaborate and be influenced - leading by example, helping them gain foothold after the catastrophy, long term investments in shared interests, etc. You can't buy your way into it. IMO - China has a branding and goodwill problem :-). You're seeing that in HK. People outside of this propaganda sphere have no trust in the CCP. All democratic nations should get together and invest in manufacturing. If democracy falls, the treaty would asymetrically punish those that give up rights and freedom of their people. CCP does not understand that playing asymmetric games from business laws (booting Uber off of China for example), diplomacy and global influence, etc is damaging long term brand and goodwill. In this pandemic, democratic nations are suffering more than authoritarian regimes purely by choice - complete Wuhan style measures are unacceptable say in Sweden. This asymmetry is going to give a short term boost to China. Long term, my opinion is that western democracies will realize what they’re against - all eggs in a single totalitarian basket - is a bad idea. Manufacturing and reliance on China will change. It is already changing: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-04-08/japan... What's the differentiating factor? Cursory look at it - I don't see strong E2E encryption or anything besides a bog standard messaging app. We have many - whatsapp, facebook messenger, imessage, hangouts, telegram, signal, wechat, etc. > Convert audio messages to text, use smart replies, stay online even with bad internet connection That doesn't cut it, IMO. In fact it is repulsing me (offline apps are great) but I don't want to convert audio messages to text unless that happens locally. Fuck smart replies, no thanks. Oh come on, there is no denying that China subsidizes local businesses asymmetrically. I've lived in China and have used Didi. In addition, WHO is heavily influenced by China; here is an interview with a senior WHO official who was asked about Taiwan - he simply hangs up the phone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlCYFh8U2xM Completely tangent observation: What's the point of using sketch scribbles over the diagrams? They could just make it in powerpoint and simplify. It would be easier to read as well. Decoration for the sake of decoration? Why? I wonder if this is an overly stated aspect of the reason why Humans propelled themselves. I thought the reason why we beat all other animals was because we evolved to have a larger brain size especially the frontal lobe which is used for inventing, mirror neurons (copying), planning and strategy. Hunting isn't necessary to survive. We can live off of bugs, plants and fruits, etc. It is a good story as in if they didn't do what they are doing today - say every healthcare worker quits tomorrow, we are in a huge trouble. They are identical to soldiers. Some healthcare workers are being exposed to Coronavirus and dying. In fact, we should have similar veteran-like benefits for healthcare workers for their sacrifice during this time. Same with delivery workers - they are the logistics arm of this war. That's not guaranteed. There are number of reasons one of them being by sheer chance. I spent my early programming days in high school build John’s GOL in Macromedia Flash. This is how I got into programming. Thank you John for inspiring mankind for many generations to come. I was thinking of compiling a list of made in non-China items. My comment is being downvoted but the reason is not some inherent anti-China motives. I have a hard time finding anything on Amazon that's not made in China. That's a horrible state of affairs and we need to diversify manufacturing. May be there should be carbon footprint score against each item. The sad part is that consumers DO NOT CARE. They are like these mindless brains that see a slightly lower price and they hop on it. Vast majority of the people of the planet do not care whether its made in China or not. They will save $2 for selling their souls. IMO this is a good move. The counter arguments are: - Delivery apps are struggling and they have to charge 30% to survive in a cut-throat market (many delivery services competing). - Why not charge the consumer? Restaurants are struggling and take the fees off of them and charge consumers. I feel like delivery companies are "double dipping", they charge delivery fee and they charge 30% to the restaurants as commission. That's unsustainable. Charge the consumer not the restaurant. It has all kinds of nasty disincentives - "We won't list your restaurant on our super popular delivery app because you didn't agree to pay 30% commission to us." Fuck that. Delivery services should just charge by the mile/time of the delivery it takes. That's kind of like Uber but instead of driving around a human, they're driving around food. + 10.99 sandwich + 1.99 chips + 5.50 delivery charge 5.50 delivery charge is based on the time/distance of the restaurant to the house. If they pool multiple orders, they it should be amortized and split. Personally, I tip because I have to but not because I want to . Tipping is a shitty culture and needs to be abolished like Japan. Just pay the employees enough. There should be laws that protect service workers and guarantee their wage. I am happy to know that $8.00 is the delivery fee upfront because of increased salary for service workers than having to "voluntarily" tip $2.50. That's the job of the delivery company to pay, not for the consumers to pony up atop $5.50 delivery fee. I have a hard time following your comment and logic. Can you expand in plain words what you mean, preferably with an example and concrete details? Specifically: > It's much easier to point out that taking a certain set of actions will lead to a certain set of outcomes This statement is too vague. What specific actions and what specific outcomes? > since those are abstract concepts that require critical thinking and making value judgments What is "making value judgements" mean? Also, when you say "American justice system" - is this specific to the American judicial law and it does not apply to other countries? > regardless of the pricing If Intel sells $5 CPUs, will you change your mind? I don't understand the obsessive praise of AMD. Keep in mind that Jim Keller, an Intel ex-chip architect lead the AMD Zen platform when he was hired in 2013 (after working at Apple on the A4/A5 SOCs). It is the same dude competing against himself. Btw, he is back at Intel since 2018 to help Intel out. Thanks for clarifying. I agree with you. Tangential: Does anyone know how to generate HTML docs such as this? It looks like a page in a book - with a header/footer and page number. And, surprisingly no one in 1991 imaged we would be reading it on a 4k widescreen - and here I am, and it is extremely readable (using SF Mono on macOS). I would love to know what tools can be used to generate almost paper-like HTML docs. Edit: I found the answer, tiny link at the bottom: https://tools.ietf.org/tools/rfcmarkup/ With similar formatting and index? What's up with magically doing implicit things when one line can explicitly define the URL? Remember, the more magic things that happen behind the framework, especially with syntax and overloading of operators, the worst the library will be to maintain as it grows. Explicit > implicit. Most people have a hard time measuring 0.02% baking percentage of 200g flour. Not because they don't know what grams is, but because they don't have the equipment or means to measure it. Everytime I hear someone say things about units, it is not that people don't understand - there are other issues around that. For example, Americans know that metric system is better but they can't just switch solo until the entire nation changes which is a huge task. Furthermore, those people who gawk at Americans still use 360 degrees for a full circle, 24 hour segments in a day and other weird units - for e.g. Switzerland still uses points for fonts! Not mm. I would go ahead and even say - Metric system is based on base 10 which sucks, we should rewind back the history and grow 12 fingers because Duodecimal system is far better than decimal system: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duodecimal We are just stuck with base 10. Just like Americans are stuck with their archaic units. It has nothing to do with the fact that people are smart/dumb. I am gonna push back on that nonsense. Send me an email message, I can ship you some. I've got a kilo of SAF red and gold yeast, I can ship you 50g (or anyone on HN, feel free). Btw, you don't need much yeast - just use less than 0.5 grams, let the dough rise for 8 hours at room temp. You can save that dough and continue making more bread from the culture. Get flour from Centralmilling company: https://centralmilling.com/store/ Order a 50 lb sack and you're good to go. They still have it in stock. That's my point that supports "America is the only country in the world that still doesn't use metric units." - well, they tried. Many times: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metrication_in_the_United_Stat... It is sometimes hard to get rid of 100+ years of history, in the case of typography thats probably longer. We need an open-source color standard. PANTONE has virtually no competition (RAL, etc are a minuscule % of the market share) and they charge exorbitant prices for their color chips. Standard should be open and anyone can make and sell color chips. How is that even possible? Please thoroughly read the HN guidelines: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html This is no way to argue on HN. Be respectful to others even if they seem to not understand your point, then clarify further. Rhetorical questions like this are insulting and lead to poor discussions. IMO this is a horrible case design - why make it round so it rolls around on your desk? Can't stand it up right, etc. It is not an object that you continuously hold in your palm, then why not make it a box? Add draft angles to help with the injection molding process. Industrial designers are continually chasing organic forms for no reason at all from car interiors to headphone cases - functionalism takes a back seat, fancy presentations to executives impress and sexy curves appeal to the masses. It is almost as if we've forgotten how to design things from the ground up - functional aspects should define the form. Earbuds are fine though - they need to be ergonomic to sit in the ear. Why MongoDB? I live in the Bay area - I cannot find a single thing appealing about this place except 1 - weather. But that can be had at many cities in California. Things that suck in Bay Area: 1) People. I don't like to hang with AI engineers and arrogant people. Humbleness is hard to come by here. This is usually brought up as a positive, I couldn't disagree more. 2) Homelessness - Some areas feel like it's Somalia 3) Unkept, unmaintained infrastructure - Pretty much pot holes everywhere, roads ruin tyres and rip apart suspension systems, even if a road is recently built, it has major quality issues. Infrastructure in Bay area is below par that of places like China, Korea, Japan, EU, Switzerland, England, and pretty much any developed country and many parts of the US. Texas has the best roads IMO. I've been to all these places and infrastructure (Alameda county) just reeks of awful people running this place, lack of care for quality and attention to detail, and perhaps mismanagement of funds. 3) Housing - self explanatory 4) Bang for the buck - Cost of living does not match the standard of living. People automatically assume that cost living is proportional to the quality of living. Not even close in the bay area. 5) Micro-analysis of Food culture: I cannot go out and hang with people without someone trying to analyze between 4.8 and 4.9 stars on Yelp. You forgot the purpose of us getting together. This probably exists everywhere in major cities, not just the Bay area. 6) Transit - sucks, expensive and unmaintained. Rampant theft on BART, you generally feel unsafe. 7) Traffic - before this pandemic, it was difficult to go anywhere without taking 3 hours off. 8) Crime - I've had my car broken into 4 times (the city) in the course of 8 months. 9) Way too many laws - Regulation in California will cut you by thousand cuts. Wanna grab a lot and build your own house? Good luck with 18,000 pages of law that govern what you can and cannot do with your land. This is the same in Oregon and Washington state. 10) Wanna form an LLC? $800/year. Why!? What costs are involved in providing a registration for a company? It is $50 in some states, free in many other states. 11) Taxes - I am a centrist and IMO california has way too many taxes (count) and way too much (amount) of your income, property, tolls, estate, utilities, etc. I am fine with high taxes if that results in a better quality of life, but I feel like I am robbed off. 12) Extreme sensitivity towards race, gender, minorities, etc. Shops like this should not exist: https://www.shopwomenmade.com/ - Yep, this is in Berkeley. This is a hot topic but IMO ultra liberalism is playing into their own agenda. 13) Intolerence to anything but extreme left in politics. Oh god, you're doing exactly what extreme right is doing - not listening to other views. Why the hell am I here? I am looking to get out of the bay area and never return, even for pleasure. SF Bay Area is one of the worst places to live IMO having lived in half a dozen cities in the US and expat in Asia. Advice to entrepreneurs in the bay area: Find a place in other parts of California, it's a gorgeous state with many cheap cities - perhaps you can help build those small cities into better communities. If Magic Leap can form a 3000 people tech HQ in Ft. Lauderdale in Florida, I am sure you can attract talent in Monterrey, Redding, Bakersfield, etc. To add to that, even if Julia had excellent documentation literally everywhere and on every library, I wish there were better stack trace and meaningful error messages. Even if Julia performed 10x worse, this overlooked aspect of Julia would make up for it. It is rather unbelievable how much time I need to spend to figure out what's wrong with a particular piece of Julia code. Founders of Julia - please focus on error messages. Some cool things from Rust: https://doc.rust-lang.org/edition-guide/rust-2018/the-compil... I actually prefer the vastness of space in the US. Just go out in the American country side and there is so much beauty. I would love to see a world where the idea of a city is obsolete, distributed local communities of 2000 people spread across the span of American wilderness. Basic services such as electricity, sewage and internet are all maintained by standards set by the state authorities, but run by locals. It all sounds too hipster, but it is not. This COVID-19 pandemic has taught us a lot about how we can survive as a distributed species as compared to dense city life. Europe has no such luxury due to the density of people cramped in tight corridors and old (but beautiful) architecture. There it makes sense to have a well organized city life. IMO city life is overrated but that's just my opinion/perspective of society. A friend is someone that I enjoy being around, share ideas and interests, and be a good companion. By definition, my friends cannot be lame, can they? Please write more about this because I feel the exact same. Use built in HTML forms. Let the page refresh, what's wrong with going to `/orders/{order_id}` page to get information about the order? It is REST-ful and static. Why do you want things moving around and reacting? People of the internet - imagine if the internet protocols were given to us, but no browser existed. Would we develop this non-sense we have today? What should have happened is the following: - Develop web-to-native-UI mapper, call that thing a browser. - Don't let developers style native elements. A drop down should not be designed by people except for the owners of the OS. Yes, it looks different on different OS but your application should be more than putting lipstick on a pig. - Accept the fact that your application looks different on different OS'es but embrace the fact that your application works intuitively to the users, you have much less to maintain and focus on the logic of your app. The web went downhill the day ` ` tag was allowed to be styled by CSS. We had a web-to-native-UI mapper! I am forever a believer that democratically designed things generally suck unless there is a BDFL who can make shots. Dictatorship is a necessity of great products and services - Steve Jobs to Guido, democracy is good in politics, not in software development. Feature creep from the public will ruin whatever youre buidling. Designers will ravage through what worked well and replace it with "taste". /Rant, I am getting old. Humans tried to make the web "pop", but instead it exploded with chaos. SPA is a poor approximation of a native client with a hugely bloated browser stuck in some level of the abstraction, bypassing native app libraries, design sensibilities, typography guidelines and accessibility by implementing some UI framework that was developed by people that are entirely unqualified for it. Have you looked it the guidelines for UI development, say for MacOS? Here you go: https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guideline... PWAs, browser apps - they bypass all this work from professionals and give it in the hands of an unequiped developer. Oh god. A browser is a window, an area of the screen that is allowed to do whatever it wants in a sandbox mode. This is a terrible idea. It becomes complete wild-wild-west. I am disappointed by the lack of leadership from the white house. The president should address the nation, bring it together and create a strategy to resolve these issues. Edit: I should say "disappointed" instead of "surprised". Agree with the responses, there is no expectation anymore from the Whitehouse after 3 years of incompetency. One big problem is that the elected after being elected, choose to not follow or dilute those promises. There is no accountability. So time and again, democracy fails as they just change their minds after being elected. There is this "damping" factor like a mechanical system, that takes the energy out of the people's hands and dampens it with lobbying, dishonesty, unaccountability and complete neglect for public interest. The response of the system is now steady state with little change. We need a public roster of each politician and their promises written in notarized documents, that can be used to strip them of relection and penalize them in some way so that future politicians cannot weasel their way out of promises. I would also vote for public presentations with slides + data by each politician instead of these stupid debates and speeches. They should be documented and scrutinized for accuracy of data and their claims. We have startup decks, but yet politicians don't have to make presentations. Instead they trade blows on a debate stage with polished repertoire which has now become an entertainment show, at least at the presidential level. I think you're providing a great perspective into the complexity of the problem. If it was easy and straight forward, I presume it would have been solved a long ago. Penalty is tricky because the analysis of the problem has gray areas and its not strictly black or white. We need an umpire that can enforce and have oversight. I am curious, what would such a system look like? I am thinking that a "promise" is not a quantitative term. It needs to be ratified into specific data oriented actions that can go through a litmus test whether it was fulfilled or betrayed. After that, one idea is to have an accountability score tracked by bureaucracy and have that printed on the ballot along with their principle accomplishments in the supplement. Another idea is to have a penalty score of not meeting prior promises as a dilution factor to the number of votes. If a politician only met 90% of the promises, they will lose 10% of the voting power of the public (like a 0.X multiplier to the votes). Just thinking out loud, there may be major issues with these ideas. Only on HN do you find a theory of politics based on Controls/DSP fundamentals. Nyquist plot of political instability would be nice. I applaud you. I don't agree with what Trump says. Nor do I condone violence... Would you be ok with WeChat censoring "anti-China slogans" coming from HK? Think about it. Deeply. People in China think of HK citizens as against their country and what they stand for. And, just because we fall into one side of the barricade, we think that WeChat censoring stuff is NOT OK. Are we asking Facebook to do the same as WeChat? Here is another hypothetical situation. Imagine if all tech companies were pro-republican and there was no voice for democrats on social media. Just saying to make a point. Now reverse the situation, aren't Republicans in this nation feeling threatened by excessive control of information governed by a handful few? Think deeply and try putting yourself in their shoes. When you fall into the abyss, the abyss falls into you. This is a dangerous situation to be taking sides and also a dangerous situation to stay neutral as our nation falls apart. I think breaking the TOC should be applied universally across the board. But you can't write the TOC that picks sides (I don't think violent statements are acceptable by either side). My fear is that there are people on Twitter asking to ban President Trump's account. Slowly, eroding constitutional rights (I know Twitter is a private platform, but come on, it is really a public place of discourse). Right now its violence, then it's hate, then it's policy and the environment, then it's anything against democrats. We become blind to what's acceptable and what's not. This is a slippery slope. Be careful, tread slowly. I agree with your assessment of the situation. I also agree with getting rid of posts that incite violence. I am just concerned about whether it grows over time into eroding away the ability to speak on the internet. This is just one thing. We don't even have any visibility in the true special sauce - the algorithms that determine what to show to people. Do you see the problem with this or you think that people who are responsible for these algos are good samaritans and they don't need any public oversight? Thanks for sharing your perspective. I guess it is a bit excessive to think about future repercussions, my conscience is only guided by past examples of slow erosion. I hope that silicon valley folks remain vigilant and self-critical. Regarding the algos, I agree, it is an entirely separate problem. I don't know where else to post about it, this thread seems the most relevant. Regarding yesterday's Buffalo police department incident where one officer pushed an elderly person who was then bleeding on the floor. The police department put out a statement [1]: > "Our position is these officers were simply following orders from Deputy Police Commissioner Joseph Gramaglia to clear the square," Evans said. "It doesn't specify clear the square of men, 50 and under or 15 to 40. They were simply doing their job. I don't know how much contact was made. He did slip in my estimation. He fell backwards." IMO - This idea of "I was just following" orders needs to be eradicated. That is a cop out (pardon the pun) and totally puts the responsibility towards no one because the superiors are not even at the scene. Every cop, every officer, every law enforcement persons must not blindly follow orders like they're in the military. They must have some self restraint and put public safety first. I am sorry as this has nothing to do with Police unions, but I felt like speaking up about this excuse of following orders from the superiors is absolutely terrifying. [1] https://buffalonews.com/2020/06/05/57-members-of-buffalo-pol... I second that. As a mechanical engineer, we needed to learn about public works and prior disasters that has happened when there is lack of rigor or otherwise oversight, including Tacoma bridge and Hyatt Regency walkway. I think the problem is also with non-technical people who focus on aesthetics and push technical folks to make the product bloated. Design education would help project managers, and non-tech customers who are requesting that product or feature. This is such a common problem that there is a meme about it "Can you make it pop a little more?". Providing advice to technical folks is just a small part of this problem. I mostly agree with your parent post and your response. I think when technical people who have excellent understanding of user needs usually produce better product/service than designers getting together in a room with post-it notes - this may be an unpopular opinion but I've seen it time and again - "Design Thinking" is largely a buzz word in all places I've worked. Also, just to nitpick - Apple has produced some of the worst products with no understanding of what the user wants - for e.g. Apple Music App. Also, Google, a recent one - Google Meet hides its mute/unmute button and in a completely undiscoverable way. Imagine driving a car where the brake pedal disappears only to appear when you hover your arm in a particular position left of the steering wheel. Now you can apply brakes. That's what they're doing with Google Meet, when I want to unmute to say something, I have to hover my mouse on the bottom of the screen and the unmute button pops up. Why isn't it always visible!? If I were leading that project, I would ask the team to scratch the entire UI and rebuild it and make sure these things don't happen again. I don't know. Just looking at one of the things that they've posted: https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/981606881255976961 > Overlapping images is a great way to add depth to an interface and make it look more “designed”. I don't know if this is sarcasm. No one is asking why do we need to add "depth"? What problem is "depth" of overlapping icons solving? I would stay away from this. This is how you get more "trendy" designs than something timeless when fundamentals are thought through. Over many years, I've come to know that "Design" is a very subjective field. There are efforts to make meaningful measurements, A/B testing, etc but the domain space of possibilities is so large that it is impossible to test all configurations - layout alone has endless possibilities and which layout is better? My guess is as good as the designer's. I need to be able to see either one of the following to consume the advice - 1) Deep logic that describes the fundamental problem, an unchained reasoning leading to the solution with little ambiguity or "gray areas". or 2) Concrete experimental or empirical data that a particular solution works while making sure things like accessibility are accounted for. Otherwise, how do I know that some authority in "Design" is correct and I should follow their advice? I am just speaking my mind, what kind of things prevent me from trusting others despite of their benevolent intentions. Time and again, I've been bitten by bad subjective advice - there is a lot of bullshit out there. Tread carefully, adopt what makes sense to you and ignore others unless evidence shows otherwise. That said, there are a lot of gems out there as well. If the thing I am making is art and is subjective , then why can't I just be original? If a particular activity is totally arbitrary, then all bets are off. Blindly following advice is why we as a society get stuck in a local optimum and don't try other things. Domain exploration and experimention, originality and authenticity are paramount to getting out of the local optima. Every once in a while someone does and they revolutionize the world. Life 20 years ago was kinda nice. Computers were cool. Sunday news is what you need to read to get global coverage. No social media or friends showing off their best and hiding the worse, neighbors and LAN parties, 9/11 happened and the country got together, I don't know... we didn't have insane Javascript frameworks. Things were much better. Ecommerce wasn't that big, so I actually went to the stores to buy stuff. Malls were cool. I am pretty sure I am wrong. Definitely, I feel like my life just has been in this cacoon lacking externalities and realities of struggles many others experience. I express my empathy towards them and protest for a just, fair and accountable system of law enforcement. What’s wrong with paying for a product or a service if it’s better for my students? Isn’t the teacher’s job to find the best available tools for their students and not engage in some kind of open source software usage high score? Edit: People are getting downvoted left and right. Why is this such a polarizing topic? I found your response, regardless of the stance, absolutely rude. It’s important to understand and try to find why that person is thinking this way than to shut them down in the manner you have, again with the same subjective ideology that the parent is commenting on. Yea physical goods was a bad analogy, I’ve redacted it. On HN, as the topic gets more divisive, please be nice and respectful. Think about, the other person is not stupid to feel so passionate or strongly about something. There must beSome reason. Peel the layers until you get to the bottom of it. IMO, that’s so much more interesting to study than to ignore them. Humanity gets better when we try to get out of a local optima. When we do don’t explore radical voices, and instead ignore them, we have no possible way to wiggle out of the uncanny valley. This refactoring if you will, of the human progress guided by logical reasoning, understanding of trade offs, gathering empirical data and studying behavior is paramount to a peaceful and harmonious society. I urge you to please listen to others and ask them why they think that way. What are the pros and cons of a particular approach. Be honest and seek truth. I pay for SublimeText because I genuinely feel like paying for it - think about it - why does someone go out of their way to spend money on something they wouldn’t feel is “better”? I agree that criteria of what’s better is subjective but regardless, I don’t think it’s saying anything my stance on open source software. Good points. One major problem is I can make 10,000 copies of the software in a minute. The hardware developer still gets to feed their children with an income. This pattern needs to die. Whenever I paste a link in any sort of messaging app - iMessages to Slack - it puts a thumbnail and summary, polluting the entire conversation with tons of noise. Messaging apps have no business in looking up the URL. Just let it pass as a link. Fuck everything about this and we need to push back on this nonsense. To me it pollutes the discussion away from the messages and puts a bunch of thumbnails where it could just be a clean text conversation. The thing that bothers me is also that I, as a user, have no choice - it just does it automatically. Do you like IRC? haha, wow. This is some story. Thanks for sharing. My guess is he is going back to Apple. I like it when they’re introducing him and during the introduction he was praised for “Zen Architecture”; you can see Jim in the background shaking his head - sign of humility that he is not alone, amazing engineering team that made that happen under his leadership. This kind of humility is rare. Lol my guess is as good as yours and everyone else’s. I partially agree with your points. I've worked in deeply esoteric fields - layout editors for semiconductors to wind-turbine simulation packages. There is a whole world of software out there besides the tools most software engineers use - things like PostgreSQL and your favorite web framework. A turbine simulation package costs $250k a year in license and it is specifically tailored for our wind turbine nacelle loads, configuration and wind farm layout. If they just give out this software for free but provide support, I am not sure if that would be sustainable. They can provide the source code for inspection ("visible code" not "open source code") if that's what your concern is. Most esoteric software don't care about the visibility of their code. It is just the right to use it freely that they opposite and I feel like rightfully so. I resonate with the way you think. A lot of non-technical people get hung up on the marketing terms than actually thinking through the fundamentals. For e.g. "Handspun ice-cream! OMG!". Uhh..what difference does it make if it is hand-spun or machine-spun? It is not tool of spinning ice-cream, but what the process is. To majority of non-techy people, processed or machined or anything to do with automating a method is highly repulsive - thanks to the hipster marketing. The general take away is - "Automated machines will never replace the touch of the hand"... oh really? then how come we can make insanely precise things called semiconductors in almost a completely automated fashion. Some fabs don't even have operators inside, just technicians or engineers. This is an extreme example just to make a point. The general jab at the Americans. If I look at Europe food culture with a certain lens, I just see shitty doner kebab places in every corner and turkish grocery/meat stores that smell horrible. Obviously, that lens is cracked, tinted with biases. Some points are valid though. Honestly, as an American, we've got some awful vegetables and tasteless food just about everywhere unless fat/sugar is added to them. Probably due to the way mass production and transportation of food goes in to the US. It wasn't like that. There is nothing wrong with our soil. I spent some time in India, Thailand, Vietnam, Japan and Korea and the veggies are almost like they grow in your home garden. Go to a store and pick out a tomato and it is impossibly good. America has farmers markets in every city, even in some of the most impoverished cities. But that's not where the majority of the middle class goes to shop for their vegetables. Try growing veggies in your own garden on American soil and its gonna taste amazing. Don't worry, Asian population wants malls, walmarts, and giant grocery stores with similar tasteless food. It is happening at a massive unprecedented scale. I don't think is a good just for kids, it is good for humans in general. I sit on the commode, bored without a cellphone and find a shampoo bottle, ponder about all the processes that goes into make shampoo. We all need boredom. Shut down computers once in a while, go garden. Or just sit. Definitely, if you want imperfections, artisan value and appreciate craftsmanship, there is nothing wrong with handmade goods. Just don't tell me that your Japanese knife when hand sharpened cannot be as good as something done by a robotic arm. Otherwise, I have some news - Japanese knife's edge sharpness(not durability) is no match for a surgical scalpel which is made by millions in quantities in fully automated fashion for less than $20. Or even a razor blade that costs $0.10. If scalpels were made from bluesteel (RH 62+), which is a horrible idea for a scalpel but just to make a point, then they would totally match a Japanese knife's durability too. I could find countless examples where machines can have proper process control (SPC with control charts), high repeatability and can work well given all PMs are done and they're well maintained - totally out perform humans in many handcrafted jobs. Even things that we traditionally associate with artisan such as Guitars can be manufactured better and for cheaper by machines. "Only a master luthier can tell if the wood is good by knocking on it and feeling the resonance" - absolutely not. We can have ultra precision transducers and a whole bunch of DSP to figure that out and actually quantify that bullshit claim of artisanal value. "But they have no human-like imperfections" - sure, just add random variation in the runtime code and imperfections can be automated. What bothers me about this artisanal movement is not about craftsmanship, but about the marketing of it - just say it's handmade. Not because it is better but we want to preserve old ways of doing things. Don't say machines are not capable because I will show at your door and automate your job away. This is the correct answer. Hashing can happen at many different layers in the app or even as a ephemeral Postgres function call in the database. Storing hashes is not storing secrets. If one has to worry about exposing the lock to public, then there is something wrong with the security of that lock. Use a better lock. And...you didn't explain the most important part of your ramble: > they have to be kept secret or else an attacker gains a significant advantage. Can you please explain? Why is this the case? Sorry to be snarky, but after reading your elaborate response, I was left thirsty. I love looking at old processes only to think "Boy...we've lost the ability to make mechanical things well because almost everything (barring servos, actuators) is now software controlled". In electronics, it is dumbed down to reading a 870 page datasheet about an all-in-one-mother-of-all-peripherals SOC. No more discrete circuitry, no more logic chips, none of that. Note that I am not saying those solutions were better, but there was a lot of hardwork, talent and intense discipline in making stuff back in the day. Drawings were hand drawn! Some guy was bending down for 3 days straight to make that schematic! It's all too viscerally physical and mechanical. I want a time machine to go to the 70's for a bit, and furiously document and interview people. Lot of this knowledge and expertise is lost because we don't need this stuff anymore. Remember things when they had toggle switches and knobs? What happened? We have touch screens that ask us to scan the QR code of the water filter before dispensing water from the Fridge. Oh, but it shows today's weather on the door. So great. On Hackernews, we are such an intense bit of people - we should bring some of the old tech back and simplify our world. If you're in software, build flat, simple and fast apps that are maintainable. Make them composable and modular. If you're in hardware, build high quality stuff for twice the price but then convince the user through honest & truthful marketing that this product is better for you in the long run. Instead, the rush these days is to market products with abhorrent psychological tricks and backstab users with all kinds of dark patterns. Shame on you guys. When you're on your death bed, none of this will matter. Do good things and build great stuff. Atleast I will reflect back that I made the users, you know the ones that provided me with a living wage, happy. Yea, bringing Apple into the picture dilutes what Zoom does. Not to mention things they do that we don’t even know. Why is that US gets muddled up with a truly authoritarian regime like the CCP. Shit is broken in America, but millions of people marched in last couple of weeks. I don’t think there is a possibility of any kind of anti-gov protests in China. Apple is an extremely privacy centric company to the point where it’s become it’s primary selling point. It’s advertising it proudly and backing up with real actionable steps - T2 chip, iMessage, Face ID, localized ML, etc. Point is: it’s important to keep the grand picture in mind and once in a while step back and think - “Shit...what am I doing?” even though you can’t do much about it due to family, responsibilities and other hard realities of life. When building a company, I don’t want to just build something that deceives people, deploy shady tactics and dark patterns. I want to run an honest business that I can reflect back in life and say “yep, it was a struggle but I did the right things.” We laugh at it, but that kind of thinking is sort of great. Same, used them for years for business travel. Painless in every way. Check out was easy, about 2 mins at the gate. Check in was parking the car and walking off from the garage to the Airport terminal. No need to do anything. People say they don’t like the idea of a page refreshing. But, I like it. I like using old school forms without JavaScript. I think we should build apps without JS, just forms and pure HTML. I agree with you. Perhaps plain JS to do basic things. @dang - Suggest altering the title to say what it is "Achieving 3K, 60fps, 130ms Video Conferencing with Rust". This comment belongs on Reddit, not here. We've gained nothing from this comment. It is a joke about robots taking over the world. $7.4M number was put in the comment deliberately to get attention and then proceeding to inquire whether it comes in Dalmatian spots painted over. Will they deliver themselves? Perhaps I should respond with "haha"? What should I say? If this isn't Reddit, may be I need to go there again, perhaps things have improved? I come on HN to get away from jokes, especially of the type in the parent comment. Allow this and then the top comment in every thread on HN is some form a joke. The internet is filled to the brim with entertainment and jokes. It is nice to come here on HN and participate in intellectual, curious and informative discussion. A little humor here and there is fine. I don't think I am reading too much, I've provided the explanation and my thoughts around erosion of quality on HN. > HN may be serious, but we're not entirely humorless. I can agree with that, a little sprinkle of tasteful humor doesn't hurt even thought it doesn't add anything meaningful to the discussion. Totally ok. > or we can learn to read them That's an awful way to think about hard to read code. I could produce the most unreadable one liners you've ever seen in your life. We should condemn that and not blame it on others to "learn how to read". I question that as this place erodes into literally full of entertainment posts. Guidelines are great and I usually abide by them, once in a while there is a reason to break them and I've substantiated those reasons. Consider my take on this as a form of protest against the eroding quality of HN discussions. I challenge it respectfully. I think that guideline and the reasons for it "semi-noob" illusion is condescending IMO. Imagine a new user enters HN ecosystem. They write a complain about HN turning into Reddit - as they felt and observed . Then they go read the guideline that makes a fool out of them as "semi-noob". I don't think that kind of treatment belongs here. I realize that and regret posting it now with all these replies that have nothing to do with BD robots. :-( Thanks for the explanation and I can see why this whole complaining bit gets old and chewed upon over years. I've personally not stumbled upon anyone that complains about HN turning into Reddit. Also, I feel out of place because I don't own this forum, don't have a stake in HN moderation and its workings. I don't think I have the right to complain in the first place. Just felt like saying at the time and it felt right . Appreciate your thoughts and clarification. Fair, I've actually seen both types of situations. I only complain after having some domain knowledge of the project and the language/tools. After sufficient understanding, I will make sure that the code that gets merged into master is highly readable. Simple > complicated. Always. Don't be ashamed to write simple code. One of the things I keep hearing from non-Americans is how dumb Americans are and then proceed to explaining the benefits of the metric system. I see this from random internet forums to Youtube comments, from news paper articles to talking to people in Europe. What people don't realize is that America is like a giant ship that has a ton of inertia to change. It is the world's largest economy with huge diversity of evolved shit that has piled up. It is difficult to clean it despite of the will. The US gov tried to convert America to the metric system unsuccessfully [1]. The US (NIST) in collaboration with international bodies lead the redefinition of SI units based on fundamental constants [2]. Furthermore, semiconductor industry, university labs, medical industry, etc. all use ISO standards and the metric system. The US semiconductor industry alone is larger than the GDP of Switzerland. I studied engineering in America and we used the metric system throughout with some problems in ANSI units for familiarization of the units - ultimately, the engineer needs to adapt to the company's unit system and not try to be a thorn. I personally am tired of the rest of the world patronizingly explaining the advantages of the metric system to Americans - over and over. It is not that difficult of a concept and most technical people, engineers I know in the US already understand the benefits of the metric system. It is mildly annoying at best and condescending at worst. If we are in the unit system mess, there are a lot of things that still do not follow base-10 based units. For example, font type units (points) from Switzerland. Or the way we measure time. How come there aren't 10/100th units of a minute/hour commonly used around the world? A second is split into 1000 milliseconds but a minute is not split into 1000 seconds. Why this inconsistency? Why 360 degrees? If we didn't have 10 fingers, the entire decimal system is worse than base 12 or duodecimal system [3]. The problems faced by America are exactly the same type of problems if we want to convert the entire world to duodecimal system. It is next to impossible despite of clear advantages. Note that I am not defending the people that arrogantly want to stick to status quo - there are certainly people like that in the US. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metrication_in_the_United_Stat... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019_redefinition_of_the_SI_ba... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duodecimal Yes, 2 additional symbols are needed. A dozen(base-10) equals to 10(bass-12). IMO there is no question about metric system's usefulness especially because our counting system is in base-10. Metric system is tailored to that, whereas US ANSI system is tailored for base-12, which is the wrong base to work in. This entire thread starting from the GP is full of anecdotal unsubstantiated and glib responses, so I think that since we are not doing the typical HN due diligence of informative substantiated discussions, my theory is that coffee gives me the ability to produce more bullshit that I usually put out and perpetuate falsehood, untruthful information on the internet to stir up the pot, to make intellectual discourse an unbearable activity and my participation leaves the world worse off than it was before. Sips more coffee . It will be possible to virtualize old apps. For example, running OSX tiger in a VM. I am not an expert at this but I want to inquire: - Everytime there is any kind of benchmark between 2 or more languages, there is always a caveat - "Not a fair comparison" or the algorithm isn't right. What, then, is a good way to compare languages? After all, they are not apples-oranges comparison. They are a tool to get things done. It is like I am comparing 2 different brands of hammers. Sure the grip is different, the shape of the head is different, but if we are testing a particular aspect of nailing - say nails/sec, then it is worth investigating which one is better. One hammer takes a lot of expertise to use it and yet another one is easy to use. So, then, write those pros and cons down, it doesn't make the comparison a worthless activity which is the cliche response to benchmarks - developer time matters and not the language. What is a good way to compare 2 languages. Say Python vs. C? Are there standard implementations of algorithms (e.g. Mandelbrot) or something like that we can use and definitively compare the speed? Shouldn't we have standards around these benchmarks? Some kind of a ISO implementation of an algorithm reviewed by experts that can be used for benchmarking? For majority of programmers, the speed doesn't quite matter. But that discussion is off the table and orthogonal. Sure for most things, I personally pick up Python and it is the fastest way to develop for me. But there are many reasons why we should compare languages and these concerns are shouldn't stop us from evaluating objectively. What is the reason for extremely large font size trends, especially ticking up after 2015? Huge typography is obnoxious, from marketing philosophy standpoint - it screams insecurity. From a technical standpoint, it is inappropriate for the screen size. Yet designers today love choosing HUGE typography to be bold and daring. From Dropbox to IBM, from GS to Apple - this whole trendy huge font thing bothers me. I understand that they're using huge font sizes to show off to the world their new typeface. Make no mistake, it will be used in huge sizes as it is the current trend - a cool thing to do as a designer is to employ massive bold typography today. What's that have to do with Font licenses? I am talking about the size of the font taking up almost half of my screen. > It's far cheaper to take something like Helvetica Helvetica costs $$$ if you want to use it for commercial use. No more than any other font. Also, you cannot modify Helvetica, especially if you get it from Monotype (previously Linotype): https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/linotype/helvetica/ How do you control huge crowds if they go violent, go into neighborhoods and start killing/robbing/raping ______ people? Edit: I am raising a hypothetical question which people are responding with the current reality. Yes, I know that it is not happening currently, which is why I am raising the what-if question. I've even left the race or sides off of the question to talk about the objective ways of dealing with a situation like this. I watched Police brutality videos on Github, someone put together a compendium of it. We need a similar compendium of brutal protestors instigating violence and promoting things like this, too? No? I feel like there is a lot of momentum behind BLM movement, I personally support the cause and social changes. But, I am getting an impression of hypocritical aspects of this momentum and not addressing problems when they arise. Saying anything against BLM in the bay area is like a social suicide, I would lose friends. I personally think that BLM is extremely disorganized and doesn't have good leadership to make the change happen. BLM is doesn't know diplomacy and strategy. I don't think this is a theoretical possibility. There is a huge income inequality, the society is splitting 4-ways - top/bottom(social status and income) and left/right (political). As we get more polarized, there is a possibility of people starving and oppressed which will end up going on the left or right or top or bottom and creating havoc. 2020 is an unprecedented year so far. I don't agree that this is a theoretical possibility. Totally agree. > If there is righteousness in the heart, there will be beauty in the character. If there is beauty in the character, there will be harmony in the home. If there is harmony in the home, there will be order in the nations. When there is order in the nations, there will peace in the world. - Confucious Even ripping off requires time/money. Font design isn't a trivial activity that most people deem it to be. I suggest downloading FontForge and try to make your own ripoff. You'll be amazed at the complexity and the skill required to design a typeface. Adjusting kerning pairs alone will take weeks of meticulous work. The entire field of design (not just web-design) has regressed after the golden era of design IMO - 1965-1990. May be they should just stick a static HTML page? No javascript should be necessary for displaying type, am I wrong? Why do we need animations? Why do we need this presentation hoohaa? I went to the protests myself and I support the cause. May be we should question all aspects of a problem, leave aside biases and understand the situation to make a better society? Getting rid of police control measures without proper authority is a good idea, but there should be reservations for when it's needed. I want to make sure those are not eroded or the society turns into something like Somalia. I also found your comment distasteful as it condemns my intent without substantiation. It is like calling someone with "obsession for murderous things". I take offense in that. I've been pretty careful about phrasing it as I know the trolls. But I am afraid that we cannot discuss all sides of the equation even though they are uncomfortable. This is the drowning of the voices, the chilling effect of a massive momentum where certain things will inevitably get tramped. Allowing discussion in a polite, unbiased manner should not be met with opposition, but with objective refutal if you have any. Just saying "When that becomes an issue, we'll address it" is inadequate as that just screams of going too far, removing law and order and turning this place into a total anarchy. Yes, this is the trolling narrative as well - I fully recognize it. I want peace in the world. Law and order and uplifting of the nation, a unification of both left and right into doing what's right for progress. Yes, we are stuck in chaos of echo chambers. Loss of borders in the tables (source code file tree). One of the arguments by Designers is that they make the UI more approachable - they don't realize that they are biased by their personal aesthetic taste, their friends like the same type of flat sleek modern UI designs, and they like going to minimal galleries, subscribe to itsnotthat and read the colossal blog. This is a cultural imposition, not something a professional would do. Yet, we have modern designers injecting their personal taste of modernism into UIs, in this case, Github developers are not the average Joe - they are familiar with complexity, highly dense information screens (code!) and don't need any of this non-sense. Non-designers I've met actually have a better more grounded and functional approach to design, which is what I think design is. Yet the general opinion amongst designers is that the engineers are like Milton from Office Space - they don't understand fashion, current trends and aesthetics. Don't be so judgemental. I could probably find a lot of things in your life which I would find "dorky". There is no universal definition of Dorkiness, it is a condescending term for things that people don't agree with, without any kind of justification. It is a matter of personal taste and opinion. Keep it to yourself please. What am I judging? The fact that it's condescending? Craigslist is the epitome of simplicity. It may not be pretty, but it does what it is supposed to and nothing more. This practice should be applied universally throughout our lives in every field, perhaps except Art where creativity is revered and the avant-garde prevail. Perhaps I am being too sensitive, I am trying to introspect. What's clear to me is that when we call people nerds, dorks, weirdos, geeks, etc. it has an undertone of condescence. May be it triggered me because I was called a nerd in highschool and throughout college, almost always in a derogatory manner. What's wrong with being nerdy and interested in technology and science and math I said to myself and ignored others as much as possible. Thanks, I appreciate your comment.