Get a lawyer ASAP! When you are an employee, the employer owns all your time. There is no such thing as "spare time" or "side project on my own". That's why employer can tell you that you have to be there and then, can call you at any time and can drug test your to ensure you are 100% committed to the company. It's just modern slavery. Sure you can negotiate such clauses out, but it would be still difficult to claim ownership to anything you make "outside work". For the future - if you are entrepreneurial, create your own company and work on a b2b basis. It is much healthier and you wouldn't run to such problems (or much less likely). This assumes the employer is only motivated by money, but there may be big egos that would sink the ship just for the sake of enforcing the contract. May be delicate and ugly. I think the "end-to-end" statement is also misleading as you don't really know whether the communication is indeed encrypted end to end. If you want true end to end ecryption you can grab a tool that will generate public and private key pair, send public key to your contact and ask them for their public key. Then use tool to encrypt your following messages with your private key and received messages with your contact's public key. Then it doesn't matter whether underlying transport is encrypted or not. Things like Whatsapp give false sense of security. I am pretty sure the messaging can be accessed but nobody will ever admit it. You can make it less obvious that you are sending encrypted messages by using two way binary to English text transcoder, so your messages will appear like an English conversation (although easy to pick as gibberish by a censor) You don't know whether private key is generated in a way that could be replicated on the server and you don't know what is running on the other side. Here in the UK government is pushing no rights employment under guise of fairer taxation. People providing services will be taxed as employees but will not have any workers' rights, including no right to unionise, no equal pay, no maternity leave and so on. Currently this won't affect existing employees, but from April nothing will stop employers from terminating their staff and issuing new NRE contracts on a take it or leave it basis. What's most bizarre is that even the unions are not too fussed about it, it's like they either don't believe this is actually happening or they just don't care. The legislation is in current Finance Bill and so far has met no resistance and likely is going to pass. You should be able to compile and run app that is truly open source if you have right tools and skills. Workers re-hired on a contract could defend themselves against lack of employment protections by working outside IR35 and providing these protections themselves. The change takes this away as only the client will be able to decide how worker is taxed. This favour agencies over independent workers as agencies have more freedoms what business costs they can deduct from tax and what salaries to pay to their workers. This is a seemingly subtle change, that changes from benign to lethal. When this happens people still will be able to transmit encrypted end to end messages, just they will have to encrypt them themselves off platform. I wonder how quickly this is going to be illegal and when algorithms to conceal true message in a regular text that makes sense will be more widely available. We are getting closer to thoughtcrime being a thing How is it even possible to sell products with these parts if you are unlikely going to get RoHS certificates? That's like asking to go bankrupt. You are essentially shifting the problem from entity to entity and from one domain to another. If you self host your repository, your hosting provider can pull the plug and you essentially end up in square one. If you decide to self host, you should consider multi-cloud cross continent and cross political doctrine cluster. It doesn't sound like it is mutually exclusive. However restricting access to technology by AMD looks bad. I failed every single interview when I had to do programming task on the spot, however people who hired me based on my resume and how I talk about solving problems, had great business with me for many years. Well, if you discussed some detail and can't remember which channel / thread it was on then the search is a must. I could agree that search may not be needed for a small team of a couple of people, but large teams with dozens of channels and topics should be able to search them to find required information. I wouldn't be surprised if they bought it to extinguish it, probably a proxy buy by Intel. Why such corporate lobbying isn't illegal? Are chillies the braces of cuisine? I have a lab coat with my name and company on it and I put it on in the morning and take it off after I close all work apps. Neat trick. It has Intel Wi-Fi... [flagged] Are you sure? Last update to Windows Linux subsystem makes you feel like running Linux natively. It's a huge step and it will only improve. Some companies (like Apple) make it impossible to repair your own device even if you have tools and skills because they ask vendors to not sell spare parts to third parties. For example if a charging IC dies you have an option to either send it to Apple and pay significant mark up for the 10 minute repair or throw away the device. You should be able to buy such chip and replace it without company involvement. I hope that this practice will be illegal in the future. Apple also controls the hardware - for example they prevent vendors from selling some spare parts to 3rd parties. For example if a USB charging chip dies, you cannot replace it yourself, because you can't buy the part. Government is also blocking research and treatment of PTSD using certain drugs to help pharmaceutical companies. For many years getting medical cannabis or other substances deemed illegal was next to impossible without becoming a criminal. If you are good at OS, doesn't mean you have also be good at browsers. Unfortunately that is true. I am not optimistic that it will change, but it is miles better than Apple in this regard. Community should put more pressure on Microsoft to change these anti-patterns. It's the problem of Facebook and PayPal that they have inadequate protections and blame the users for that. I think the issue is of allowing a payment to go through without triggering any security checks. Probably some basic checks should also be done whether a company publishing an app actually exist. The problem is that people are now trained to click popup windows without reading the contents, just to make them go away thanks to brilliant GDPR and cookie law. I am not sure if a huge red warning sign would have helped. People are blind to these things. So you have to pay for a watch that collects your data? Furthermore the watch is likely full of proprietary chips - which is fine if you could buy those. If "your" watch goes bad, only Apple will be able to repair it and for sure their charge you adequately. And you give your data for free. It is no longer private if you upload it to cloud. Surely it was engineers decision to do short cuts. This is just appalling. All managers should be in prison. This is a case of privatisation of profits. The company for all intents and purposes is a state run company through regulations. Corruption and greed enabled to side step these Apple has become an ecosystem to avoid at all cost. From denying the right to repair, design of devices to make it prone to catastrophic failures, making it difficult to recover own data (to force people to use cloud backup so they can look at all your data) and many more (like trying to make employees go through security checks without being paid for it)... Greed has blinded them. What if you let the child buy drugs? Same thing. Don't let your child do illegal things and better - don't help it. If you hear your child is reciting the number plates, make sure all recording hardware in your car is off before you lecture the kid that what it does is absolutely forbidden. This is CIY - cobble it yourself. It is a matter of time they will make it difficult if not impossible or they will start blocking websites unless authors start paying % per visitor. How exactly does it help IT education and what was wrong with it that it needed a "reboot"? It's incredible that so much tax payer money and human resources are devoted to defend pharmaceutical companies monopoly on drugs. By his inventory it sounds like his customers would likely be people with chronic conditions that have strong presence of pharmaceutical lobby to prevent legal sales of cannabis and probably cannot afford Xanax through legal means because the cost of getting medical help is extortionate. Workplace these days is a minefield. If you have to talk to someone, only talk about what needs to be talked about and nothing more. Preferably also try to record every interaction or at least run a diary - location, time, who, few bullet points describing the encounter plus some additional facts - what was in the room? was there anyone else? how they looked like? in what manner the person talked to you? and so on. You will thank yourself later if it turns out you were working with a snake. Isn't what notice period in the contract is for? If you find something nicer, you give a notice and they can prepare your replacement. Why this additional weird dance? We had computers at school, but we didn't have great teachers. Wouldn't be better if school spent money on good specialists willing to share their knowledge or at least make sure kids watch certain channels on YouTube that have wealth of knowledge? If parents won't spend $200 on a computer to help their children get better future, their certainly won't spend $25. I bet they wouldn't even treat this seriously. If the height is exact 6700, they will usually add some random number, otherwise people wouldn't believe it is 6700... Imagine if someone like Hitler came to power again and decided to exterminate people of certain ethnicity or political interests. He or she could just order or seize a data dump from all those companies and have everyone ready to be rounded up. During the WWII Germans would seize church records and censuses from government buildings to easily find people to arrest and dispose of. Today he or she would have an app for that... > Add me to the woodworking ex-developers (...) I have a lot of time on my hands. Be careful with that table saw... You could tell someone's ethnicity from their surname with great accuracy. Not that they particularly cared who will go to a camp... Better that, than getting yourself "disappeared" if you catch my drift... Believe or not, there are people who crave such feudal relationship despite being quite intelligent and capable of discovering new things (to please their masters). From my experience out of the box you get poor performance and you have to spend a lot of time figuring out how to change configuration to improve it as knowledge is scattered in many places and not always up to date. Then it still likes to stall from time to time or sometimes doesn't register key presses properly. It's a poor user experience, but even worse is that alternatives are often worse. I wish there was an editor with low latency, smart search, some proper file system database, so it doesn't take ages to open a directory and built in VCS support, that works quicker than manually issuing commands in a terminal. I think the success of VSCode is because you can easily open it in your current directory from the terminal and it will show you your folder etc. without having to setup a project first and that you are ready to type you code quickly after opening. If I had to open PyCharm every time I want to try some Python in a new directory, I would probably start questioning my life choices. Before VSCode I would just use nano or Sublime. I am running it most of the time with i7-8750H and also 64G or ram, plus a rather fast NVMe drive. Performance in comparison with VSCode is just bad. That being said I am using all JetBrain products (I have a license for all of them), because simply there is nothing better for my use case. But I wish they put some effort in optimising their code. Ok so it removes the C surface of attack, but does it not introduce the Go one? What makes it superior when it comes to security? I had a quite successful blog and great organic traffic from Facebook. My blog was doing great monetising adverts, so I had some cash to reinvest. I bought some adverts on Facebook in hope to bring more awareness to my little blog and get more traffic. The moment I stopped buying ads my organic traffic was a small fraction of what it used to be. People were sharing the content organically, but it didn't have the same reach. I decided to never give Facebook more money after this and removed anything related to Facebook from my blog. That being said this has severely damaged its growth and I closed it a year or so later. I saw that blogs similar to mine grew quite big and I know they heavily spend on advertising. Part of me is thinking maybe I made a huge mistake and I should share my revenue with Facebook by means of buying ads, but I would always had this voice inside my head that I would be doing something unethical. I would understand if Facebook displayed information, for example: "Your post will not be shared to your friends, because linked website owner does not buy advertising". That would be fair, but they make people believe they genuinely can share things with friends, but instead it all goes in vain, in the name of greed. Thank you! Are you aware of any surfaces of attack against Go that do no exist in C? Such a massive marketing fail. Hacktoberfest reminds me of an event called Oktoberfest where alcoholics from around the world join their ranks and collectively destroy their livers and promote destructive drug taking (alcohol is a drug). On a second thought, given how much of a car crash this thing is, perhaps Hactoberfest bears appropriate name in the end. Damn DigitaOcean... get you . together! When I find something annoying in an open source tool that I use or missing some functionality that would be helpful for me, then I consider contributing, but only to get the things I need and nothing more. Once I get the PR through, I don't have any more interest in contributing unless I face another issue that bothers me enough. I read that Poland has quite draconian drug laws. Such laws are what institutionalised racism is based on in the US - it comes from the premise that people from disadvantaged background will be more likely to be involved in drugs than other groups - this is of course not true, as person living on handouts is just as likely to take drugs as a rich person working in banking sector. It's what law enforcement is being focused on. I believe most western countries have this setup copied from the US and it is being used for oppression of groups that government deems undesirable. If cops were the "good guys", they would investigate why certain politicians push drug prohibition, who profits from it and why police is being used to support it. In my country if you are black, you are 6 times more likely to be harassed by law enforcement than if you were white, despite the drug use being at the same level. I am just saying to Poland is likely oppressing groups of people, just not based on race. They use the same tools, however. Using drugs is natural for intelligent beings. It is similar like saying only poor people listen to music. Everyone does it, but the propaganda is focused on people who governments deem undesirable. What is exactly the point of such devices? If you create something worthwhile with it, you cannot exactly include it in your product. I get that you can create something like a one off garage opener based on face recognition, but you won't learn any real world knowledge of developing a product and if you later on decide that this is something for you, you'll have to learn a whole new ecosystem. These devices remind me of "game maker" software claiming you could make your own game with it, but you were limited with what developer had in store for you and you wouldn't become a game developer from using it. These days there is a low barrier of entry to create "own" CPU. Just get your favourite FPGA ecosystem, configure ready made core and off you go. Route manufacturer's reference design in Eagle or Kicad add your peripherals then send the design to JLCPCB or other fab and job done. There is plenty of good soldering tutorials on YT. I tried to find any documentation, code, schematics but gave up after 30 minutes. Who is this for? It seems like this product is for people who want to say they do AI and show some PCBs on their Instagram. I tried to find any documentation, schematics, code and I can't see it anywhere on that website. It is easy. For example you could hire 10000 people to perform calculations for your complex mathematical model (like it was done century ago) or you can buy Raspberry PI to perform the same task in no time. Which will be cheaper? It is pretty much the current greed driven technology. Company doesn't want to invest in proper FPGA technology that will allow reconfiguration of chipsets on the fly, but instead they want people to buy new chipsets every year or so and preferably make the old ones obsolete (not resellable) Man I swear I got retconned, I just couldn't see this. I would like to retract all I wrote. It's pretty cool! This kind of proves my point. It doesn't lead to maximisation of profits therefore it is not being developed. Lack of repairability is sort of akin to security by obscurity. This is flawed thinking and motivated by Apple's greed. It is one of the manipulation techniques used to convince people they should trade freedom to use their devices however they want for notion of security. Apple is known for opposing right to repair initiatives and prefer that faulty devices would rather be destroyed than repaired. I think people should accept the fact of life that stolen goods will be used one way or another anyway. I think good compromise is to make sure phone reset wipes all data irrecoverably. Rather than fighting the effect, maybe we should address why people steal and why government is ineffective at catching them (but seems to be doing just fine catching students relaxing with a wrong kind of plant) I think you have not explained why do you think lock ins are good apart from saying that it may prevent users from being subjected to something bad aka boogeyman companies who try to thwart right to repair use. In other words "you cannot repair your own device for your own good, now give us more of your money". It is interesting that companies adopt this totalitarian thinking as in Lenin's quote: "The best way to control the opposition is to lead it ourselves." It looks like things are going towards total control, software and hardware lockdowns, massive data collection and making sure devices cannot be repaired independently only discarded. Someone should read some of Richard Thaler's works. In other words you cannot simulate population's irrational behaviour. The fact that someone wants to take other person fruits of work and redistribute them using arbitrary rules, means anything but fair. Something like "fair" tax policy is impossible because the world isn't fair. It's like trying to find mathematical formula to make 2 x 2 equal 5. Anyone trying to shape tax policy is biased one way or another and is causing detachment from effort and reward which is extremely demotivating. It looks innocent on a spreadsheet, but tell someone who worked hard all their life that now they need to part with half of their salary to fund some vanity projects meanwhile they neighbour gets paid for watching telly all day. I would recommend reading "Misbehaving" that talks about economy and people behaviour. It is quite an eye opener. Not sure why this policy is touted as a champion example how to deal with the drug "problem". Only thing it does it reduces exposure of drug consumers to law enforcement harassment while at the same time helps organised crime making more money. I would rather look into why some people promote this and maybe look into their finances. Drug use is natural for intelligent beings and prohibition of that is like trying to ban music or sex. It will never work, but will create a plethora of problems that we experience. From the rise of organised crime to people being unable to access medication they need. It is being tolerated by the population because of massive propaganda and manipulation (for example someone done something bad? Make sure to mention they used cannabis or other drug even if that had nothing to do with the thing that has been done). It is in a way similar to how it was possible to ban same sex intercourse in some countries - people were made to believe it was a "sin". Many health issues are caused by the contamination in drugs available on the streets, that are attributed to drugs themselves. Some popular drugs could be much safer if you could buy a medical grade. In other words it is another money maker based on people suffering and deception and promotion of Portugal model looks very suspicious. > which lead to an HIV, Hepatitis B/C, AND Tubercolosis epidemic It seems like these problems are not directly caused by the drug, but by the fact users cannot buy clean medical grade with a safe method of administration. Portugal model doesn't seem to address that, but only makes consumption slightly more "comfortable" to the users. That is helpful, but even with a clean needle they will administer something possibly contaminated anyway. Good program would also give out medical grade clean heroin like they do in Switzerland. Clean heroin is relatively safe contrary to popular opinion. This removes the dealers from that segment of the market or at least severely reduces the sales volume. Yes this is helpful in that way, but call me cynical - without removing the market from the hands of criminals, what it does is ensures that the consumer will be a paying client a little bit longer. But if a dealer messes up and mixes the Fentanyl unevenly, the clean needle won't help much. They cut drugs with various substances to increase volume and / or perceived strength, and that can cause health issues just as dangerous or even death by accidental overdose. In fact the number of overdose deaths have increased in Portugal since that policy has been implemented. Another flaw of this policy is that when users don't have to spend money on paraphernalia, they will have more money to spend on drugs. So I would say this is not about safety of the consumers, but to protect Portugal's healthcare system. It is easier and cheaper to deal with a dead overdosed consumer than a consumer who caught HIV. Many people who take drugs lead happy and productive life and use them as a tool and this approach doesn't seem to address why people reach for drugs in the first place. That's why I believe this policy is dishonest. This is true, but many contaminants can still cause serious diseases and uneven distribution of active substances may lead to accidental overdose. Also unknown composition of the "drug" can cause unexpected interactions with other drugs people may be taking at the same time. There also seems to be no proof that drop in prevalence of those diseases caused by needle sharing actually is caused by this program and not by cultural change and education that maybe changing the method of administering the drug is "healthier" (e.g. consumers started to prefer smoking over injecting). Do you have evidence that this is the case? Drug use comes from natural urge to explore consciousness and people take drugs regardless of the law around it. If they are no longer being harassed by law enforcement, then it is easier for them to pursue this and Portugal's policy does that. If I recall the drug use is estimated from surveys and people lie when it comes to that (for example there is thinking what if they start to investigate me if I respond "yes", even if the survey is "anonymous"). Other way to estimate is by looking at numbers of people caught with the system. Now, because the harassment has been relaxed obviously fewer LE will bother going after consumers and from that it is easy for propaganda machinery to tout the policy is working. Well, it is working for those involved in the trade. You sell more if your customers are not being harassed, simple fact of life. What I don't like about AI processed images is that they are not real. I can't go past the fact that I am not looking at the picture as it looks like in reality but somehow smart approximation of the world that is not necessarily true. I hope that the model Apple is using will be made illegal, most likely in the EU first. But I am concerned that if you have a one trillion dollars, they you pretty much can do anything you want, as with such money you can buy any decision. Apple should be forced to allow 3rd party app stores in their ecosystem. There are many other things Apple is doing wrong and all we can do now is to raise awareness about their shady practices. I am proud that I pretty much cured everyone in my circle from buying any Apple products. I believe that in many countries it is now illegal practice to make cancellation difficult. Isn't that the beauty of open source, when if someone has severe OCD they could just spend their time tidying up the kernel driver instead of watching mind numbing telly? Maybe the one good thing could come out of this is that Microsoft could fix broken audio subsystem on Linux. I agree that Windows itself handles audio barely okay, but Linux is a pure drama. Sure it works for regular user watching videos on YT, but if you want to do any professional audio work, Linux just don't cut it. Its libraries like Jack or Pulseaudio don't work properly, they crash, have latency, crackles and other issues... Mainstream doesn't use Linux because of no gaming ecosystem. There have been some attempts at getting games running, but for average user it seems too limited. Still in 2020 the Linux desktop experience isn't smooth - you often need to dig into configuration files and it is too easy to mess it up. Then you have Google purposefully turning off GPU acceleration in Chrome so people think that Linux is just slower than Windows. I think Linux is missing proper UX team dedicated to making basic user problems easy to solve without the need of PhD in computer science. While this looks cool it is far from useful. I took time to build such cluster with the Pies and shortly after it landed in the box of things I may need in the future. It's just too slow to do anything useful. Watching stuff compile or even boot was like watching paint dry. It is much better to get a bunch of used NUC if you are space conscious or just get VMWare Workstation or similar tool to simulate number of machines on your desktop. Given that time = money and that the job of money people is extract most value from shortest amount of time and that they seem to do it quite well, won't it mean that people actually get art worth their time? I think that you are upset that mediocre artists no longer could easily shove their art down people's throats? Today it is extremely easy to self-publish. If artist believes their art really should reach other people they have means to do it easier than ever. But the fact someone wants to put money behind it is a generally good indicator whether art is good or not. I think this business model where someone buying purchasing a physical product must register their data with manufacturer or 3rd party service and be constantly online should be made illegal. There is no business need for this apart from spying on people and gathering data to improve manipulation of messages to trick people into buying more into the manufacturer ecosystem. We need to stop this. It should have self-hosted voice recognition software and be able plug to your own music collection on your NAS. If you wanted features like weather forecast, then these should be opt in and only send anonymous data related to weather forecast request. It should be illegal to use even those anonymised requests to do commercial research without paying the customer. Why would they require registration? They should have customer data on the invoice. There is no need for anything else. Apple entire business model should be illegal. They amassed so much wealth by using various loopholes and tricks, that any normal business wouldn't be able to achieve. Lawmakers should carefully go through it and make every bit impossible to do by any other company in the future and the wealth that Apple amassed should be sold and distributed among Apple customers. I hope that savings created by not having an office will be passed on the employees plus employee should be paid extra for use of home as office. Not sure why working in office isn't considered a luxury? You are literally making your whole team commute from various parts of the city just to have a face to face contact. Mind you that this arrangement has been created because in the past there was no way to effectively communicate, but now this is no longer a problem, therefore commuting is just a thing from the past that some people are too attached to, akin to preferring listening to vinyl instead of Tidal or something. Why people should live in the past? That ship has sailed. > Some of the best work I've done is when I'm able to go brainstorm in a room with my leadership. That suggests you and your team have communication issues and meeting in person is just a plaster over it. Why exactly do you need to see other team members in person? > I have to feel bad for people who have never experienced true friendship at work Why do you think getting friendly with people at work is appropriate? Mixing work and personal life will introduce unconscious bias and you will give different treatment to people who didn't invite you to their weeding. This is bad for business. It seems like you just feel lonely and you use workplace to find friends. Can you see how wrong that sounds? Did you think about finding a hobby, getting good at something other than work and meet people that way? (there is plenty of meetups for people sharing the same interests) Why do you work until midnight and blame WFH for that? Google is using their power, money and influence to occupy another niche? They should stick to their search engine and ads and the rest of the company should be ordered to be broken up. They are too big and that gives them unfair advantage in the markets. At very least they should be ordered to pay tax in a way that any normal business pays it. It should also be calculated how much money they made using tax arrangements normal company couldn't afford to do and that money should be confiscated. This is great. When I was looking for my missing cat I discovered so many hidden trails in my borough that was just amazing. For example a gap between two residential homes I thought it leads to someone's garden but actually it was a quite long public footpath with signs of homeless people camping on it. I also found two abandoned properties that I wouldn't see in Google Maps. One of which was totally overgrown with bushes, weeds and someone even left a half of the car there. Then I found an article that the owner of the site was ordered to clear it, but that it seems has never happened. Cat returned a few days later. By law you need to pay for accepted work at least the minimum wage. My question is whether AWS is breaking the law by appropriating someone else work without payment? Or do you think something like this should be regulated? I see this as a loophole, where companies can gain useful projects without having to pay wages. The model where company makes money off of someone else's work without paying them should be illegal. Currently you cannot hire someone as an apprentice and don't pay them - you need to give at least the minimum wage. OSS is sort of a loophole where companies can obtain work without payment. I think this practice should be illegal and regardless of the license company adopting OSS solution should pay its contributors market rates - that is the amount of money it would take AWS to pay to create such product. There is the same argument that people who want apprenticeship use. They want to work for a company and learn, but company won't hire them because they don't have money to pay for "idle" worker and the overhead to teach them. But this is for the greater good. In the past you had companies who used their market share in particular city to drive wages down and people had a choice either work for them and starve or move to different city. Minimum wage stops this, at a cost of some people being unable to work for free. I can accept that. There will be projects for sure that would love their software were used by AWS and other companies without paying them, but that will only create a race to the bottom. We should stop exploitation of engineers by these giant companies. This is an edge case, but for sure they would have family members who would inherit the titles and in an event of absence of such people then the state should take ownership. Yes it should be illegal to use OSS in SaaS platforms without paying the OSS contributors. Oh the good old companies paying in exposure... If you make a profit from using someone else software you should pay them (plus appropriate tax) regardless of the software license. Big companies use OSS to avoid hiring employees and paying their wages plus taxes. It is a loophole that should be regulated. You can exclude companies that have multi billion company in their tree. You cannot circumvent that. If you want to do a service for a company that has a multi billion company in the chain then you would have to get full commercial license and when that happens you simply raise an invoice to the client that covers this cost. It is pretty simple and you cannot get around it. This is a loophole that allows big companies to avoid hiring engineers and paying right tax. Not sure why would you support this? Little to no effect, but for some individual that "little" could mean being alive. Just because majority don't find a benefit it shouldn't mean that someone who actually benefit shouldn't use this. But regardless, corrupt organisations like WHO should have no say in these matters or at least shouldn't be listened to. You don't know if that release wasn't paid by competing pharmaceutical companies. Unfortunately the software I use only exists on Windows or Mac and does not work under Wine. Linux is still severely lacking when it comes to audio implementation. If I had access to forensic audio analysis tools on Linux I would have switched yesterday. I hate Windows and Mac OS, but it is a necessary evil for now. I would be wary of saying "just works" - you still have to dig into config files now and then and the potential to completely mess up your installation if you don't know what you are doing is real. I still cannot get my laptop's NVidia GPU working on Ubuntu. I noticed that after I bought some old less known books for Apple also made great strides in ecological manufacturing and supplier accountability Do you have evidence of that? It seems like it is quite the opposite. Apple prefer to destroy not working phones or Macs instead of repairing them. They make sure independent repair shops cannot repair any of their products and design them in a way so that they fail in short space of time, so customers can either pay for repair through the nose or buy a new Mac. Why not just ban computers or even why not jail people who even think about using ytdl? These organisations like RIAA need reality check. Sadly there is no body to stand against their bullying and stiffling the freedom of speech. It is like your abusive partner brings up all the things they think you did wrong when they don't have any logical argument. What about your brain when you remembered the copyrighted song that you listened to on YouTube and then you just listen to it in your head instead of playing a video? It's just ridiculous. These greedy organisations should be made illegal. What if I remember the song I listened to on YouTube and I can remember any copyrighted material? Are they going to serve me with DMCA to disable part of my brain? These organisations are ridiculous. What do you mean? There is plenty of places where you can get a coffee and hangout or even pull your laptop and do some work. I am not talking Starbucks, but family coffee shops. They have books, board games, cards and WiFi. Often also a selection of home made sandwiches and cakes. It probably depends on what scale these parts can be provided on. It is possible that for a digital camera the supply capability could meet the demands but would struggle with the volume required for a phone. I used to run distributed system based on a few bash scripts and rsync to work in real time. It has become more complex when each "cell" exceeded the node capacity. The file naming system was not flexible enough to split these cells into smaller nodes and I abandoned writing a router for Nginx to direct requests to right server based on the filenames. I just decided to throw a couple of big machines at the problem instead and that removed all complexity. It wouldn't be possible just a couple of years ago though. For a couple of years the rsync solution worked very well. I've been using ZT for years. It's been absolutely amazing. It had some growing pains and often the network interface would hang, sometimes so badly that a full node restart would have been required, but these days it is super stable even under high load (talking about 1x-1xx TB per month) This still reeks of hypocrisy. For example almost any large and "reputable" outlet writes outright lies about drugs and their effects or use them to sensationalise the event (for example if there was an accident there is almost always a mention that someone had cannabis in their system even if it was obviously not related to anything). This is extremely harmful as it creates stigma for people who need cannabis or other drugs as a medicine and often they cannot access it at all because lawmaker believe what these outlets write. So when Twitter blocks someone because they think their reporting is dishonest, I don't understand why they won't block all outlets that spew lies. Exactly this. Medium that uses censorship for any reason, they think you are too stupid to understand the content in front of you so they take that decision from you to delete something. That should be illegal with few exceptions. Not sure what it has to do with right/left wing. Free speech should exist regardless of your economic or social views and should be protected with the force of law. I reported many Tweets from "reputable" news outlets that have this type of propaganda and lies and literally none were addressed. That makes me think Twitter has an agenda that is not very nice. Platforms should welcome users of any background and views. Company shouldn't be able to ban someone based on their views and opinions. If user will violating T&C or the law then company should be able to remove the account. I hope they will not drop their CPLD chips. They were made obsolete at least once but Xilinx fortunately decided to extend the support for a couple of more years. CPLD are very useful for repairing vintage gear where logic components fail and are no longer available (for example custom programmed PALs), so you can describe the logic in Verilog and often solder it in place of multiple chips. If they drop it then the only way to do it would be to use full blown FPGA which is a bit wasteful. This can be used with a client-server model, that is if there are enough free cells and I/O available on FPGA it could let it install the configuration and then any application could communicate with it concurrently, maybe with some basic auth. I would expect them to do The Beatles edition at some point thanks to 4 audio channels hard panned left and right. I hope that the ytdl gets reinstated and thanks to RIAA action it gets much more popular. I know a number of artists personally and they hate RIAA and the labels that are essentially a cancer on the artists back. The irony that freedom of speech is more protected in Germany than in the US. This is fascinating and sad to hear. Do you have any theory why people won't get together and do something against these organisations? It is hard to see how they are working in the interests of the authors, but rather they seem to care about institutions that exploit them. And any of the new billionaires is not eccentric enough to commission such bribe. They all want to be famous and be remembered by inventing another scooter or some form of a phone or another gizmo, but none of them think about freeing our culture from mafia like organisations gatekeeping it. It seems like the concept of psychological injury is treated as a second class event where often it can leave scars for years or even lifetime. Have look at materials linked there http://dangerousprototypes.com/blog/2011/04/17/replacing-dis... This is an extreme, but for example telling someone mean things can have a lasting impact. I created a social network in 2000. You could friend people, send messages, posts, follow and so on. Unfortunately I didn't have money to expand the capacity and when I added crowdfunding feature, some people were threatening me with reporting it everywhere and sending me nasty messages. Unfortunately I didn't have strength to go through this and I closed it. At peak I had over 50000 active users, but I didn't know how to deal with all threats. I think the main problem is the stigma of using the mental health services, lack of access to therapists and generally useful things like mindfulness, some basic CBT principles are not being taught in schools. Many people view companies customer support as their "safe space" where they can vent their frustrations and problems and these days a valuable customer service operator needs to have training in psychotherapy, to know how to defuse people and steer them to having a mindset where they could feel comfortable to seek help. I suspect that you are assuming that people in general think rationally and behave according to set scenarios. Unfortunately that is not a reality. If you were able to invent such effective system of triaging and funneling, I think you would become a billionaire in no time. I remember a few - for example someone would introduce themselves as a lawyer and then point out that some clauses in t&c are illegal and that he will report it "to authorities" (and sometimes they would offer "help" if I pay), or someone would upload their nude pictures and then report this to hosting provider that the website is showing these pictures without their consent. Some people would demand that I give them access to private messages of their "partners" and would threaten me that they will find me and "sort me out". Sometimes I had technical issues where the server would go down for a couple of hours - so there was a profile of a local band, something like a Facebook pages are now, and they made a post about the concert they are going to have, but the server was down on that day and they blamed me they lost money because just a few people came to the concert. I also had someone claiming to be a partner of one of the users demanding that I delete his partner account as she ignores him and only spends time on the website and sent me my home address. Very stressful. edit: I remember one more. One guy would post his nude pictures typically exposing his face and his bottom and then he would write his name and address and add messages like "beat this guy up", "come find me" he would register other accounts and then post degrading comments under these pictures of himself. I initially thought that this is some kind of revenge and I was promptly deleting this and removing these accounts. Eventually that person would write that this is turning them on and was very upset that it gets deleted. It's when I added IP blocking and blocked all addresses he used. I also came across people who would report bugs that don't exist. The team would spend days trying to track down the problem user is reporting, but the problem was never there. One case I remember user would claim that he paid for an item, but it is not visible on his account and he would keep asking for a refund, but when checked the items looked as they should. We asked him to send some screenshots and apparently he had photoshopped the items out from the screens. He stopped asking when we told him that our support member would like to access his desktop remotely to fix the problem. What Microsoft is doing should be illegal. If you buy a product, you should be able to use it throughout your lifetime or until the product naturally cease to operate. In this case, Microsoft should release an open source tool to cross sign the drivers if they don't want to support it or add an update that disables checking for signatures. If a company can disable software features in the future, then you are no buying the product but merely renting it. Imagine if you bought a car and then 5 years later company rep would come in and welded the wheels so that you wouldn't be able to upgrade your tires. That wouldn't fly, so why software companies are allowed to do this? Why someone should install a new version of system that introduces all kind of spying and data harvesting just to use it as they used to? It's like saying oh you need to change the oil, why don't you buy a new car while at it? It's like buying a property with a charge and restrictions on it. Some of these restrictions should be made illegal. There is no business case for them apart from extracting money from customers for no value for them. Any restriction should only be legal if it helps the product to work as intended or is required by any health and safety regulations. A restriction that forces customer to buy an "upgraded" product should never be allowed. This desperately needs to be regulated. Companies should not be allowed to do this. How is it different from extortion? Don't forget about OS updates that disable phone features. For example Samsung ran an update that disabled phone call recording. If you wanted a phone so you can record your calls to elderly parents to have memories of them, you could no longer do that after updating the phone and there was no warning that such update does that. "brainy" people can also think how to exploit society, and they are actually quite effective at it. Take a look at the rise of various totalitarian societies in the last century. The books that have been written by them more or less are still the basis of frameworks various countries have adopted. I don't want to minimise what your mom does, but part of the problem is that it is only being talked about abusive men and people may think the women cannot abuse. It seems like it is where equality needs to be improved as men do not have access to help as good as women. There is hope that one of the fresh billionaires takes an axe at the RIAA and other abusive organisations and brings hope to all artists that are being exploited by labels, lawyers and organisations like RIAA. Best gig I had I found on gumtree. A very rich guy wanted to create a startup. We clicked over the phone and I joined the small team. We worked in a basement of one of his posh houses in the city centre. We could sleep there and there was always fresh food delivered by his house staff. I spent two years with them. He then sold the company for just below 50 million as it was no longer fun for him. I remember spending good two weeks writing XPath parser in C and then the client changed their system responses to JSON. My last experience with XPath. I don't know how someone ever could think this is a good idea and also got so many governments to implement this. Whoever is behind it, he or she is a genius of evil. Let's ditch this nonsense now. Majority of time that humanity existed that wasn't a problem. Maybe this was influenced by industrialisation and 9-5 culture. It would be great if we also left behind these rigid rules when people should work (certainly the new work from home adoption could help with that). I'd rather go to sleep earlier so that the 4am feels like 5am instead of force almost entire world to change their clocks. What's the problem to go an hour earlier to work during the summer? It's not like working hours are regulated by law. I naturally go to sleep about 3am and wake up 9am. I tried different hours, but it was unsustainable. I would feel terrible the whole day as it is just to possible for me to fall asleep let's say at 11pm or even 1am. This was a horror for me and actually prompted to start my own business so I could be in charge of when I work. I was only able to find one employer before that, who was happy for me to come to work at 10 or 11. Different employers after a period of time would report that other staff feel that I am getting privileges and they also would want to come "when they please". So that would end up with me quitting. It's a shame that somehow 9-5 is embedded in our culture so strongly if you want to oppose it you are being viewed as if you were saying a blasphemy! Are you me? It is very easy to find your own cycle. I found that my natural hours for sleep are from 3am to 9am. I can easily fall asleep when I go to bed say 2:45am and feel great when I wake up. If I try to go to sleep at 1am, it's pointless. I am too alert and have to get up and do things. That's perfect example of lazy thinking. They would see you catching sleep, but would never see you work and in their brain this would form as "he is lazy". The information that you work night shifts would get registered, but they would have to be informed with the same frequency as they see you sleep that you worked a night shift, otherwise after a day or two they would revert to thinking you are lazy. It is quite fascinating. I had the same problem with my partner - that is she would work night shifts and she wouldn't see me doing anything around the house, but I would do all the chores all the time. So if she came home in the evening and saw a little bit of rubbish that accumulated since the morning she would start making argument that I don't clean the house, but in the morning I did clean it. It helped when I started making a log on a sheet fixed to the fridge. I would always show her the log when she would come home. At the same time I had a feeling that she is not doing much and that I am doing all the chores. I wouldn't acknowledge that over the weekend she would do general cleaning as well that would take her almost as much time as myself doing chores over the week. I understand that I didn't think "sleep earlier" through. I wouldn't be able to do that easily. I can't go around getting to sleep at other time than 3am, it seems like my body is fixed to that hour. I realised I should have added that. It's 3am DST, so it is a bit easier for me now that time changed. Can you not add these instructions? At least when you use FPGA IP, it can be done. But you would have to update the toolchain etc to support these new instructions. This is neat! I wish we had more DOS-like applications instead of poor looking Windows and graphical ui that you have to spend ages to navigate with mouse instead of using a number of keyboard shortcuts. There is a suppression of source code. I am always downloading videos when someone repairs something of my interest or similar. Sometime authors take those videos down shortly after uploading because they think these are boring or have mistakes. I find them extremely valuable regardless of their issues. I use ytdl daily. I hope RIAA gets shut down. They don't work for artists and they are suppressing the culture. I dreamed of something like this for ages. Now I need to find a nice pocket monitor and a power bank. I am going to feel like a teen again. Respect! I had devices with eMMC and can't remember any of them being "fast" and "reliable". I can't understand the reason why this port even was invented. The cables I have seen are few times bigger than the connector itself, so there is a lot of pressure and tension being applied on that tiny port. Only thing I can think of is saving some PCB space, but if they put more effort into arranging components, then I am sure full size port would fit nicely. When I first got a computer magazine in a PDF format in the late 90s, I knew this is going to be the future. It looked so slick on my CRT monitor and I've been looking at pages, zooming, zooming out, just for the sake of it. Whenever I open a PDF file my mind goes back in time and relives these moments of joy. I had this mindset for a long time that we would save money running our own infrastructure. I remember talking days with our CTO about getting dedicated servers and spinning up one of the Citrix or VMWare offerings. I was sure that we could run our backend on one dedicated server for a fraction of the equivalent on AWS. I based my assumptions on running my own infrastructure for years without issues. However, once we started growing I understood that adding resources, changing network policies, spinning test environments would be extremely difficult and would stall our growth. I am so glad they didn't listen to me. One missed opportunity regarding the educational value is that it is a shame they used some BGA chips instead of more soldering friendly package. People then could learn how to mod these by swapping RAM or other components or training repairs. Sure you can do BGA as well, but it may be too intimidating for a beginner and may require special equipment. I wish people were taught in school about the various manipulation techniques that are being used against them. Unfortunately that would mean currently both sides would not be voteable, but that should in the long run make democracy healthier. Currently democracy is legal, because if you have enough money you can easily manipulate people into anything, and if you can print money they your power is unrestricted. I believe that whoever wins, there will be a minor difference to day to day life, except that one side will have this group oppressed and the other side another, whoever wins. If you use divide and conquer, you need to follow up with the work against imaginary threats to be seen as trustworthy. You are correct. Unfortunately I can't see any comparable chip in a package other than some kind of BGA. edit: that makes me think if they could release something less capable but in more friendly packages? That will probably not have enough market share to be viable. Why would you have a stand to sue RIAA if GitHub would have blocked your account? I think you may only have a claim against GH, but I have not read T&C well enough, but I can imagine they would have an entry enabling them to block anyone for any reason. I don't think you could do anything about it. I had a great blog that started getting me over $2000 per month from Google Ads (several million views), then suddenly after 3 months it dropped to $300 with the same amount of views and never gone up. No matter how much promo I did I would never get past $300. It seems like Google somehow put restriction on my account without any explanation. Eventually my blog died (also because Facebook capped organic reach of my posts after I stopped buying ads. I had tens of thousands of followers but content they shared would never reach their friends after I was no longer a paying customer. Pretty shady stuff). I decided to not contact neither Google nor Facebook about this, because I was worried they will ban me and I needed access to GMail and Facebook (to talk with family). I really hope these companies get properly investigated, because they have unregulated power of altering the markets to their favour. This power should only be reserved to governments and if Google or Facebook are so big, they need to be divided and their business space heavily regulated. People pay with their data. It suits Google very well. If they were able to make billions, lest they could do is to have a proper customer service. I see them now as a company exploiting their customers in every way possible and then giving them a middle finger if there is any problem they experience. It should not be legal to respond to customer issues with bots or people not trained to deal with specific requests. If this means customers would have to pay extra, I am fine with that. Did you have access to the entire source code and understanding of all services running the system? Capping could have been done by a service created by a team you wouldn't have access to and without knowledge something like that even exist (and rightfully so, as it would take one whistleblower to harm the business). So I am not surprised you would write that there was no such facility. I went into OVH and AWS rabbit hole. I think person needs to understand the concept of alternative cost when approaching such problem. Sure, you will save money on the server itself, but you don't get all other things that AWS is adding and you would have to one way or another do them by yourself. Even if your time is extremely cheap, I don't think one is able to beat their price as much to justify doing all this work. They've been at it for years and their solution is battle tested and you may be adding issues you won't be aware of that will bite you once you get growing. It's possible to implement something like this and you wouldn't be able to find out, as a service sitting between the network and ad servers, it could even be embedded in an innocent looking load balancer. Why would you think something like that wouldn't exist? I am sceptical, but I wish you all the best. I hope you'll be successful like this dude who got Spotify playlist export back on - it was epic. Is Google actually under any scrutiny? I get an impression that they can pay their way out of anything or get a slap on the wrist. I agree though that you cannot check if the VPN provider logs your traffic or not even if they claim they don't log it. They did settle, but it is worth noting that Microsoft is not Google. I consider Google to be much higher on the ladder of evil. They could use that to suppress funding to websites that are not in line with Google world views and boost funding to websites aligning with their views. They could also use this to help website competitors who pay for ad words. My traffic also got down once I stopped paying for ad words, but the increase of traffic I was getting from ads, was nowhere near the size of the drop after I stopped using it. Then they capped the ad sense. When an engineer takes a flight to install memory, it is clear that you are being over charged. These companies milked their monopoly position quite well. Isn't the problem about actual tracking and not the cookies? If you track someone without using any cookie you still need to ask for consent. I kind of don't understand the this post. Can someone explain why is it okay to track someone without cookie? Do you know why promoting Nazi symbols is illegal, but communist symbols (a system that claimed magnitude more lives than Nazism) are completely fine to promote? For me so far the worst thing Google did was disabling API for call recording. That makes new phones pretty much useless for me. I always record calls, so that I can go back to them if I forget something or that nobody can claim they said something when they didn't (most recently insurance salesperson told me I will have option X if I take their insurance and they once I bought it, there was no such option. Once I pulled the "I have recorded your salesman lying to me", I got a prompt refund and apologies). Ok but then why don't they disable the camera and a microphone when you record videos? You can hide the phone in a way that the person you talk to won't see you are recording it. I don't accept this explanation. I am not sure if that is true. I am running Samsung S9 with an early Android version and call recording works just fine. The Samsung released an update that disables call recording altogether (and does not allow you to turn off updates, so I've been postponing the OS update for almost two years now every day or so). You are most likely unable to choose the class you are born into, so where you belong is outside your control, in a similar way to the colour of your skin. In that respect I fail to see how Communism is different from Nazism. In both systems the outcome is that part of the population becomes enslaved, they only had different criteria who is going to suffer. So you can put your phone on recording e.g. in a restaurant "intercepting communications", but when someone calls you it's a no-no. Regardless, in my country recording is perfectly legal and yet Google has disabled it. If this is the law, then don't you think they should either follow it or not? I am not sure how you can only partially follow the law. I'd rather think that insurance companies and similar who rely on sales over the phone lobbied Google to disable it. The law thing for me is too poorly done to be a valid excuse. Wouldn't that tell any spy device / software that the subject has switched off the means he or she can be surveiled by? I cannot see how this could help with anything. They should rather do a physical switch that would 0 the data lines from these devices, so that camera or the microphone would be seen as working, but not sending any signal. Even better if you could pre-program some kind of ambience sound and pre-recorded cam video, so that once you turn it off, the perpetrator will think that they are still getting something. I wouldn't be surprised if the cartels were not funding research and development of such machines. I am not saying this particular one, but having an autonomous drone flying over long distance and capable of some more serious cargo seems like a dream come true (for example 100 mile radius should be enough to cross the border). If they could pair it with autonomous submarines then this opens the world of possibilities when it comes to moving the product across the world.