So says a person posting to news.ycombinator.com! Go back to Usenet. I'm not a ruby programmer and it's not immediately obvious what the result would be. I know a pretty large number of languages to the point where, unless it's LISP, I can look at code in any language and have some idea of what it does. When a languages gets "so cool" that it's cryptic than I no longer see the benefit. Only 0.001% of startups (and I'm being generous) need the sort of power being discussed here. The reason "a scalable database" doesn't exist is because there isn't a big enough market for one. I have no doubt we'll hear more about this in coming months, not because of any specific need, but because it's the latest fad. Your list of features has nothing to do with getting things done. They are almost completely academic. MySQL. Easy to setup replication and good tool support. For the last 8 years, I've been developing LAMP projects on Windows and deploying on Linux. I don't have any trouble with PHP extensions nor do I have to change any code to deploy on Linux. PHP. So in a year down the road, you won't have to make the switch to it like everyone else has. "OK, the DA is saying that. Not Hans. Hans is not saying he will tell them where he hid the body. The DA is trying to get the public on board with the sentence and so holding bogus announcements that he is negotiating for a reduced sentence in return for body location. This is a publicity stunt by the DA to fool the public with spin." http://www.crazyontap.com/topic.php?TopicId=36938#465360 Google's strategy is the same as Microsoft's -- and it certainly hasn't served Microsoft well in this space. Tables render better on mobile browser than pure CSS layouts. Mobile browsers are very smart about tables and almost always do the right thing. CSS is just too complex to get a good result when you need to scale down to a small screen. If you use tables, you don't have to avoid CSS. They compliment each other. I agree that nested tables are ugly, but they're also completely necessary now because of CSS. Using tables to render your main multi-column layout wouldn't require any nesting. Also, tables are more likely to render in different browsers (including mobile browsers) than a complex CSS layout. Given the number of CSS hacks and extra HTML tags in exactly the right order that is necessary for most column layouts the end result is almost always less complex with a table. Forms are tabular data -- headers on side, data on the other. Screen readers should have long adapted to that scenario. Exceptions are not meant to be handled where they occur, that's why they unroll the stack. For the most part, you can't recover from an exception -- you just abort whatever you're doing, print an error message, and let the user try something else. Checked exceptions cause developers to re-interpret the exceptions or just swallow them -- neither is a benefit. I've never downvoted a story before but this one deserved it; but now I can no longer downvote! I am sad. How the hell does this get upvoted to the #2 spot on hacker news? This is both dumb and not news. Ranting on magic_quotes_gpc has been done to death already. Now for some code: if (get_magic_quotes_gpc()) { array_stripslashes($_GET); array_stripslashes($_POST); array_stripslashes($_REQUEST); array_stripslashes($_COOKIE); } function array_stripslashes(array &$array) { foreach ($array as $key => &$value) { if (is_string($value)) $value = stripslashes($value); elseif (is_array($value)) array_stripslashes($value); } } Only programmers who don't regularly use PHP seem to be bothered to point this out. Why don't PHP programmers care? Because PHP is a weakly typed language that operates in an environment where most of the data comes in as strings. More often than not, the double equals does exactly what you intend it to do. Programmers who use the triple equals in PHP for all comparisons have entirely missed the point. I love boolean constants for assignments, but I think you've got a good point with regards to comparisons. Rarely, in real PHP code, do you see comparisons involving boolean constants. Most of the time, you just do this: if ($var) { dothis(); } if (!$var) { dothis(); } The constants are definitely adding to the confusion. However, only in these contrived examples does one compare numbers and strings with boolean constants. The type conversion is logical, it just looks funny. While I was not 100% enthused about the idea of having every application go through Apple's gatekeepers, I did think the concept had merit. Enforcing a little quality control could be a good thing; especially with the large number of users who've never owned a smartphone before. But the quality of approved applications isn't any better than what's available on the average Pocket PC software site. They're just rubber-stamping applications. Some applications have horrible engrish descriptions. Approved applications disappear and reappear depending on the whim this week. Updates to applications take forever. Apple has dropped the ball on almost everything related to iPhone apps, from the app store to the f king NDA. "The point being: strings and booleans are an overlapped type space." That's the problem. Because they overlap for comparisons, you can't tell an empty string apart from boolean false. It would be safer if it wasn't that way. But the function returning false is perfectly valid. It's not any different from returning null or some other value because it is distinct from a string. In PHP, like your Perl example, you could easily write "if (is_bool($str)) {...}" if you wanted to. It's not really any different. The problem is that you don't get an error if you go ahead and treat that boolean as an empty string. If the gatekeepers aren't keeping apps out of the store, then they're not offering a useful service for users or developers. Instead, all they're doing is preventing users from getting at applications they might want and preventing developers from getting their applications (and updates) out. If they'd have a better approval process, they wouldn't have to yank applications at all. It's one thing to simply not allow an application that nobody has ever seen and it's entirely another to make them just disappear after they've been bought. Which do you think is better for PR? "can you imagine the firestorm if Apple were to reject apps on the basis of the quality of their ad copy?" Firestorm? From who? Apple is vetting the applications, so I expect a higher quality experience. The ad copy might be written by the developer but it's part of the store. You don't expect bad ad copy on Amazon or Dell and you shouldn't expect it on Apple's store either. I'm expecting Apple to reject applications based on their quality. If users and developers have to jump through hoops, there should be a real tangible benefit. "We know they could do that if they wanted to, because they did so all last year..." How is Apple not allowing any 3rd party applications like how Sony runs the Playstation? "they were met by an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. So now Apple is trying something else." ...And they're still met with an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. What we have now is the worst the both worlds: a closed platform without any closed platform benefits. I'd be just as happy if they opened the whole thing up. Or providing a tighter app store while opening the whole thing up. And yes, they have enormous backlog but it's never going to go away because every update of every application also needs to go through the process. Every app that has been approved today will have to be approved again and again and again. Think back to how much of your western education was spent on completely pointless exercises... MySQL does have built-in measures to prevent this kind of disaster! They should have enabled binary logging and use that to make low impact backups. They also could have used replication (also built in) to avoid all these problems and have a hot backup. The only reason they retained the 'Gold Support Service' is because their own database administrators obviously had no idea what they were doing or how to use the software correctly. There are always companies that will make use of commercial support for FOSS but MySQL will probably never make any money from me. In its first full quarter of sales, the iPhone exceeded the marketshare of Microsoft's entire lineup of Windows Mobile smartphones in North America. That's HUGE. Despite Microsoft's massive head start, years of smartphones sold, they were overtaken in a single quarter. You could easily call that "total failure" without it being a huge hyperbole. The fact is, if you look at it in this abstract way then your feelings are valid. But during concrete web development, the functionality of PHP's comparison operators make a lot of sense and make the code simpler and easier to understand. On the web, all the data comes in as strings including numbers. So the comparisons work well the numbers in strings. The rest of the weirdness comes from PHP copying C and Perl semantics. It's completely open source. It wouldn't be hard to fork it and add in ad blocking. Google controls their own specific branded instance of Chrome but that's all. Hardly the stuff conspiracy theories are made of, though. Typical users aren't clever enough to be this stupid. XUL is worth it but not for XUL apps. The advantage of Firefox is in the huge body of add-ons. The vast majority of Firefox's add-ons are written in Javascript and XUL. They modify the UI. They add to the UI. They do an amazing level of customization and it's completely cross-platform! Chrome will never have the comprehensive add-on system that Firefox has specifically because it doesn't have something like XUL; instead it has those different native interfaces for each platform. Symbian is hell on developers. It is a platform, but it's not really used/marketed as a platform. But you can't ignore the ABCException, your app will crash. If you ignore the -1, then you're app will happily continue on doing something wrong. Encoding the name of the buyer in the MP3 is not DRM. It doesn't restrict your usage of the media in any way. If they do that, I fully support it. If course you could mirror all your resources locally and quickly switch over if Google were to go down. "writing your own high-level PHP inside PHP" If you're smart, like smarty, you'd compile your high-level PHP into PHP and then you're not doing a ton of pointless string operations. The best thing to do is convert all your PHP errors into exceptions: function errorToExceptionHandler($errNo, $errStr, $errFile, $errLine, $errContext) { if (error_reporting() == 0) return; throw new ErrorException($errStr, 0, $errNo, $errFile, $errLine); } set_error_handler('errorToExceptionHandler'); You get a complete stack trace and try/catch handling of errors. It will throw even for notices and warnings, but that's a good thing. Return-type errors force people using your code to also add error checking into their own applications at every call. It's an intrusive error handling method, and this is one of the reasons I don't use it. The clear advantages of exceptions over return-type error handling is: - Exceptions cannot be ignored, error codes are ignored by default . - Exceptions can (and do) contain significantly more information about the error. Stack traces are typical but since exceptions are objects they can contain any amount of extra information. Error codes are typically integers. Sometimes they're just negative integers. - Exceptions free-up the return of functions for useful results. You can call functions as parameters: readAll(OpenFile(GetFileName())). Pretty much any negative practice regarding exceptions apply equally to error codes. Batteries are probably safer enclosed in a unibody design than attached externally. This article includes the same false assumption of just about every other article on PHP: PHP is Easy I'm not sure how anyone can claim that a language which only exposes the underlying C API of all the included libraries could be considered easy . Does no one stop to think that the reason 99% of PHP code is bad is because the language is actually hard ? It's the C of scripting languages; it doesn't include a lot of fancy constructs or high-level abstractions. And, like C, that's what makes it powerful. I think confusion exists because PHP is extremely accessible . It's intimately connected with the web environment (more so, and less securely, in the past) making it quick to get started. But that has never made it easy. This article says "I think PHP is a great language for anyone to learn how to program with." So he clearly thinks PHP is easy rather than just merely accessible and I couldn't disagree with him more. PHP is a simple language, but that doesn't make it easy. PHP does give you enough rope to hang yourself, and unlike most other languages with a similar property (like C, C++, and Perl) PHP gets too much blame for that. I think Python is a far easier language. No $'s, much greater consistency, more available abstractions. You can pretty much handle most of the common complaints of PHP and build very large complex code bases, however, you have to put in the work. Other languages have that work already included. You can build projects that large and easy to maintain in PHP, but you won't find many examples of that in the community. You can organize your PHP5 code just like almost any project in Python, Java, or .NET. But you do have to write a lot of code that isn't necessary in those other languages because they already have it included (and it's the standard way to do it). I find most PHP code in the wild totally appalling. It's easy to blame the tool. I think I can explain the problem. I taught PHP for a semester at the college level to Web designers. I had 3 months (1 class a week) to get them from no programming experience at all to having a small web application (a contact list). Mostly they all managed to accomplish the task but obviously there's only time to cover the minimum functionality necessary. In that sense, PHP is easy. Now, here's the problem, absolutely nothing they learned is useful for building a reasonable-sized long-lasting web application. They didn't use any classes. They didn't use a template engine. They didn't use a database abstraction. They learned PHP but they didn't learn to use PHP to build real applications. So all that easiness of PHP is all wrong. If you want to do it right, it's not easy. "PHP is a kludge made of all sort of functions cluttering the only namespace there is" Yeah, how many namespaces does C have again? If you were to write a web application in C with all the same open source C libraries as are available for PHP, your only namespace in C would look almost identical. "While K&R clearly understood the value of separating language from library, PHP deliberately ignores this lesson" Ironically, this is exactly what made PHP successful. Everything is included in the box. It wouldn't have been half as successful without including every useful library they could find. "C has a lot of fancy constructs and high-level abstractions: you just have to point the right libraries to the compiler/linker." You're not going to get closures, classes, meta programming, etc, etc, from libraries in C. And guess what, PHP has libraries too! PHP is a crappy template engine. Inlining code into an HTML document requires a lot of discipline, a lot of code to write, and is error prone. Why not let software handle that task for you? You want to create more work for yourself? "No second templating engine can reduce complexting" Oh yeah, compare: with: {$firstName} Isn't that reduced complexity? And that's not even getting into other constructs. In my template language (based on smarty), a single {loop} tag expands to 10 lines of PHP code. Would you also claim that no programming language can ever reduce complexity over assembly language? Probably not. This is just the same thing. Compiling a higher level language into a lower level language. "PHP: " Bzzzt wrong. And this is why having a template engine might be a good thing. "PHP's loop: " It's at least to be correct and useful. And the template engine can inline the code (rather than call a loop() function) for better performance. All those correctly expanded PHP tags intermixed in the HTML makes the template harder to follow. You might want to type twice as much identical code for each output variable, but I don't want to do that. It is an advantage that it's cleaner and clearer. "You have full control on what your php.ini have." If you're writing, for example, an open source application or an application that is hosted by your customers (I have worked on both) you can't assume you have any control over the php.ini. The recommended php.ini file has short_open_tag disabled and having short_open_tag enabled makes it more difficult to use PHP to template XML files. It's not deprecated yet, but I wouldn't count on it sticking around forever. All my PHP software works irregardless of the php.ini settings and works across all platforms. If that's not a concern of yours, that's fine. We just have different requirements. " " You're making the assumption that my template constructs are just simple 1-to-1 mappings to PHP statements but that's not the case. My {loop} tag gives access the previous entry, whether or not the row is odd or even, whether or not it's the first and last entry, etc. It's a very powerful tag for the kind of common tasks that come up in a web application. But that's just one example, there's also tags for caching template blocks as well as tags for interactive controls. The level of complexity that's hidden behind a few simple tags is enormous -- which is entirely the point. I have lots of code which uses PHP itself for templates so I'm aware of the difference. I didn't start using templates, I started the other way and worked towards using templates because they make the job easier and quicker. "Here is an idea, better performace is gained by not loading the templating engine at all." For a compiling template engine, there's the initial cost of compiling the template when it's been changed but then there is very little additional cost. It generates a regular PHP file that's run just any other. Once the app has been running for a few minutes the template engine doesn't need to be loaded at all. "We can continue discussion without making attacks?" That wasn't an attack. I was making a point -- the template engine insulates you from all kinds of problems. If you forget to wrap some variable in your h() function, you might never even notice. However you've just opened yourself up to a cross-site scripting attack. And even if you never make mistakes ever, you might not be the only one working on it. It's a rather strange argument: Use the least popular language around to make the most money. He's probably right. When I was younger (and I'm not that old) I did a stint working in COBOL. And honestly, you couldn't pay me enough to do that day in and day out!! But those that can stand it and know how to do it are paid well and have reasonable job security. What about Canada, we officially use the metric system. Kids are taught metric, roads signs are in kilometers, temperature in Celsius, but almost no Canadian can tell your their own weight in kilograms or their height in meters! If the US ever went all the way metric, I think they'd still end up using all their legacy measurements for decades. Certainly the US letter paper size isn't going anywhere -- everything is designed for it. The chicken and the egg are both well established. As the owner of a semi-popular anonymous forum (with some moderation) I have no sympathy for these idiots. They are decent people caught being in a wild and crazy mob? How is that not contradictory. Flaming is ok, but calling for these women to be raped and so on is just disturbing and weird and anyone doing it is a bit far from a decent person in any context. "You might miss a lot of meaningful errors and get corrupted data, but at least the system keeps running, and that's the most you can hope for if your programmers are as crappy and lazy as the article describes." What? If I'm working with crappy programmers I don't want the system to keep going and corrupting data -- in the vast majority of cases, that's the worst possible result. Taking down the system with an nice error message and stack trace is a much much better. Crappy programmers, in the presence of checked exceptions, will handle exceptions with empty catch clauses (to prevent breaking anything) and there will be no way to find that error when it happens. Yeah, nothing is better than a whole lot of corrupt business data! It's so much better to have the system not crash than collect incorrect money amounts or send 10 million unpaid widgets out. When an exception occurs and the system goes down, you get a nice notification and a stack trace. From there you can actually go about fixing the problems created by those hordes of crappy Java programmers rather than just ignoring the problem and hope that nobody will notice. I'm looking for text, not video. I can't be bothered to watch something that I can read in a fraction of the time. I don't understand how youtube would be allowed but Hulu wouldn't. The real problem is that all the content is licensed regionally; Hulu has the rights to content in the US but not Canada. And we're probably just not worth the hassle. So much for the World Wide Web; I feel like it's getting more regional every day. From the talk: "Would you like to purchase one rocket launcher for $0.99?" Oh yeah, that sounds like fun. Clearly a great way to be nickle and dimed to death in every application and game. A lot of Firefox's bloat comes from the XUL interface. It's their cross-platform GUI which is written in XML and Javascript. It's what allows add-ons to reach in and modify some very deep elements of the browser. For example, I run the Tab Mix Plus extension which radically changes the operation of tabs. However, XUL and Javascript is a very heavy-weight way of doing things. Chrome and other browsers have a native UI. That is partially what makes Chrome a light-weight browser. It also means that the deep level of cross platform add-on's available for Firefox will not be possible for Chrome in it's current state. I've read the proposals for expanding Chrome extensions and it sounds like they want to go a similar route to XUL. It probably won't be as low-level because they'll want to keep their native UI code. That will help Chrome to provide some more complex plugins with their own UI but still won't allow for some of the more radical and interesting plugins available for Firefox. As as Canadian, I think there should be a market for this kind of thing. For Hulu, I wonder if using a proxy would be a major performance issue. Limiting content based on geography is terrible but you really can't get many people to care because American's get everything and they're the biggest market. I love using Google services: Search, Maps, Gmail, and so on but I've not seen any evidence that even have non-technical support staff. If you call, they can't direct you anywhere. It doesn't seem like a smart place to do business. It's a great list as long as your startup doesn't intend to ever make any money! No accountant, no business people, nothing of the sort? Speaking from experience, the business management side is very important if you want your venture to be successful (or take advantage of success when it comes). I can live with a lot of the crap. I understand the history and practicality of it. But the backslash for namespaces. That's just too much. There's no history for it. There's no good reason for it. It's just stupid and ugly. If someone forked PHP tomorrow and changed just that one thing for now I'd probably use the fork. The decision shows that PHP will not get better. Because the language already has :: copied from C++. But rather than continuing to use :: for both namespaces and static class access, exactly like it's done in C++, they added yet another operator. To solve a problem that doesn't exist. So rather than simplifying the language, they're making it more complicated (especially by choosing the escape character). It's just dumb. I'm not a Ruby programmer so I have a simple question: Is it common to request whether an object implements a particular method before you make any sort of call? That seems considerably more fussy than strong typing of interfaces or even the type-hinting of interfaces that PHP has. I can't help thinking a cleaner solution is the more traditional way: Create a subclass called NumberArray that can only hold numbers and has specific methods for operating on them. But I guess that might not be the "Ruby-way". I work as a consultant for a lot of medium sized businesses and none of them have any intention of moving away from XP anytime soon. However, that does not imply that they want to move to any other operating system. The main reason they don't want to move away from XP is the support and training costs. Moving to OS X or Linux would be even worse . All of these columnists miss the point -- OS X and Linux won't sell for exact same reason that Vista doesn't. The author seems to miss the point. This isn't like Apple emulating classic in OS X (or even PowerPC on Intel). This is Microsoft emulating one operating system from within another operating system where the compatibility between them is extremely high. You can take most well written XP applications and run them on Vista without a hitch and the situation will likely be better with Windows 7. So, if the operating systems are so compatible what's the point of XP mode? There's a huge body of badly written software designed for and test only on XP that are necessary for businesses. These businesses haven't just been hesitant to upgrade to Vista, they aren't even considering it. If it doesn't run their app, there's no point. XP Mode is a way to coax them into upgrading by giving them an option to run their old crappy software on this new OS. That is all. You're not supposed to be using XP mode to run games, so it's lack of GPU support doesn't matter. You're not supposed to be using it to interact with all sorts of devices. That's what the host operating system, Windows 7, is for. If you're going to virtualize everything in XP, you might as well just be running XP. This doesn't seem to jive with the generally accepted reasoning for the 160 character limit. From Wikipedia: The key idea for SMS was to use this telephony-optimized system and to transport messages on the signalling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed. In this way unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages without additional cost. However, it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to 128 bytes (later improved to 160 characters), so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats. Therefore the service was named "Short Message Service" Backing up MySQL's binary log is probably a better solution than doing periodic mysqldumps. Also the ordering of the inserts in the dump isn't likely to be deterministic, screwing up some of the benefit of this method. The web browser has very little to do with this problem; it is merely doing what the website has told it to do (or not to do). I run a small forum where clicking back and forth between forms without losing what you've typed is a very important feature. It works exactly the way this author wants in all browsers because the headers are set correctly. Similarly, I also work on a big web application where clicking the back button and getting stale information is bad. Again, the website sets the proper headers and the information is refreshed (if appropriate) or left alone (if appropriate). This is not a browser issue. The differences are likely caused by how different browsers implement (or don't implement) the standard. Cache control headers Most of the enhancements made in HTML over the last few decades would be impossible if browsers didn't render incorrect HTML. Even simple things, like having closed single tags ( vs. ) is only possible because old browsers are really forgiving. As far as I can tell, it's great for solving problems people don't actually have and probably creating problems they didn't imagine. The problem with languages where everything is possible syntactically is that everything is possible syntactically. You're no longer dealing with a language that everyone speaks and understands -- instead you have to learn to local dialect just to get started. If the programmer before you was a total git, you'll be in more trouble than if you'd use a more constrained language. This is why most languages after C++ have avoided operator overloading. There isn't enough utility for me to bother with OpenID. This should really be integrated into browsers rather than some crazy web service scheme. Say what you will about the big ball of mud that is the PHP function library, it is still useful. Sometimes just being able to call a simple function is refreshingly straight forward. "Good" API design these days seems to mean including the entire alphabet of OO design patterns. I'm particularly interested in the PHP date() function myself, since the date handling in Javascript is seriously insufficient. This is an arms race that Palm can win, though. If Apple finds a way to detect it, Palm can release an update to make it work again. At some point, Palm will end up with an implementation indistinguishable in every way from an existing iPod. If they've already done that, then the game is already over. If they haven't, it might take only one more iteration. I didn't bother to signup. Is there anyway to let people use the site without having an (immediate) signup? Cookies to hold some configuration? For example, Stackoverflow.com lets you contribute without signing in but then gives incentives to do so. > Am I the only one sypathetic to Google here? Google was in the right for terminating the account but they legitimately lost the first case. They did not provide evidence of why the account was terminated. Not to the author nor to the small claims court. So they lost and they deserved to lose, in my opinion. During the appeal, they finally provided that information and won. The issue isn't so much who was right or wrong but how terrible (or non-existent) Googles customer service is. They can't answer simple questions and if you've really been terminated unjustly, you have no way of knowing and they keep your money. How exactly do you rename a variable? Ironically, I just got the following message from Google: --/ snip /-- Hello, It has come to our attention that invalid clicks or impressions have been generated on your Google ads, posing a financial risk to our AdWords advertisers. Please note that any activity that may artificially inflate an advertiser's costs or a publisher's earnings is strictly prohibited by our program policies. We understand that you may want more information about the activity we detected. However, because we have a need to protect our proprietary detection systems, we're unable to provide our publishers with any details about their account activity, including any web pages or users that may have been involved. Thank you for your understanding. --/ snip /-- We run a fairly popular site that I'm not going to mention and we have a few AdSense banners in our forum. We aren't clicking on our own ads or doing anything else sneaky. So what are supposed to do about this? We can't change anything because we aren't doing anything. So next month will Google just cut us off? Frustrating to say the least. In the land of laptops, powering down is a lot less frequent. Vista's "power button" by default suspends. The hardware power button suspends. I suspect a lot of Windows users almost never reboot. coredumpster.com seems like the perfect domain for a parody of stackoverflow. Python must be developed by the makes-Linux-frozen-in-time team then. And don't even get me started on KDE! If you're not running Linux as God intended, from the command line and programming only in C, you are part of the problem. > Just because one is sandboxed and the other is not, does not mean that it's inherently more secure. Actually, that is actually what it means. Security is the reason for the sandbox and is an essential property of the native client. Sure, bugs could exist that defeat the protections but that can just as easily be said for any code. ActiveX is very different -- by design, there are no protections. However, I'm not sure I understand why the code has to be native -- A think Google could have built a C-compatible VM machine language that would be easier to validate and then just JIT that in the browser. They already need a patched GCC to compile the native code for the client. And a VM JIT could be ported to other platforms besides x86. Why does it have to be native? A JIT could handle SIMD if those instructions are included in the VM. I'm not thinking about a high-level VM like Java but something considerably more low-level. A machine language with the most important features of any modern CPU but without the ambiguities and trappings of any particular architecture. In NaCl, they're already restricting the code to a subset of x86 instructions, so it's not far off. And it doesn't even have to be JIT -- it could just be a compiler that translates from the verifiable VM code directly into x86 before anything is run. All architectures have opcodes for moving data, addition, multiplication, bit shifting, etc. They also all have a stack and registers. While the details are different (number of registers, for example), in general they all work the same. The genie is out of the bottle. I don't know who's paying $25.00 a game on their mobile phone -- but if they did it a year ago, they aren't going to do it now. Now that has Apple come along and changed the market, every user is going to compare the experience and price and decide that what came before was bullsh*t. You're basically saying that lawyers shouldn't take cases for murders, or anyone else morally suspect. But that completely defeats the purpose of having a justice system. It's not the lawyers fault that someone's life was ruined -- if you want to blame anyone, blame the jury. Or blame the politicians that made the laws in the first place. "Enclose the /element/ in matching delimiters" I don't understand this part? What is he proposing this looks like? Let google host it for you: http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxlibs/ Using Google's version also means that it will only be cached once between all the sites that use it. This is similar to what you're talking about with bundling it in the browser, You close your web browser? Edit: Was this downmodded by people who actually close their browser during the day? Those that don't should up-mod it. > "::" wouldn't work, because it's ambiguous at compile time. Why is "::" ambiguous at compile time? It seems to me something is rotten here. C++ using :: for both namespaces and static access of classes. Why didn't PHP go the same way? I never complain about the choice of operator, I complain about it's need to exist in the first place. :: would have done the job just fine, just as it does in C++, which is where they stole it from in the first place. It's a valid question. The browser is the gateway to most of the applications I use in a day. Closing it down would be like shutting down my computer whenever I step away from it. I don't disagree that applications (and operating systems) should start up quickly, but it hardly seems like a critical complaint. And, as much as I appreciate improved Javascript performance, the differences are not that significant in the real-world. I'm not sure I fully get the explanation from your EDIT. If you had a single scope resolution operator ::, classes and namespaces should share the same hash and lookup. A class is, fundamentally, a namespace. namespace foo; function bar(){echo "func\n";} class foo{ static function bar(){echo "func\n";} } Should be equivalent as far as invoking them is concerned. The private browsing mode is terrible! I've been using the Stealthier plugin for previous versions of Firefox and it works great. You activate it and from then on nothing you do gets stored in the history. You deactivate it, and history starts getting tracked again. It's simple and it works. Having private browsing mode close out all the other tabs is incredibly annoying! What purpose does it serve? Sadly, asking questions is apparently considered "not contributing". Very friendly. Performance is always a trade-off; wou rarely get something for nothing. These object stores are great when all your doing it storing objects, but that's a pretty simplistic use-case. If you need to do more with your data than simply read it back in object-sized chunks, you're going to find that a relational database probably provides better performance. For web sites especially, retrieving and constructing objects is a fairly expensive operation if you're just generating list pages. I wonder if we just have a generation of programmers who can't think in SQL. They're used to using ORMs (which are useful abstractions) but can't work at a lower level. Sending a query over the line to get exactly the results you want, and no more, and have it optimized and run entirely on server is pretty damn efficient. A. That is fine until the first time somebody has to write a report. B. With the right product, administration is easy. MySQL is completely ubiquitous and something like SQL server is easy. This certainly conflicts with point C. C. Most of these people aren't doing high-volume anything. If you are doing high-volume stuff (like Google) then of course it makes sense to use something very specific to your task. But that doesn't mean Bigtable, for example, makes for a good generic solution. That's crazy advice even for MySQL. Having a DB that exceeds physical RAM is why you use a DBMS. I do my own hosting, but I agree with this completely. Downtime at any scale is inevitable, but with Google's massive infrastructure you're far better off. You're right, and that's what great about ORMs! But if you're asking a question of your data, like "how many widgets did I sell today?" then navigating a conceptional graph of data is the slowest, most convoluted, way of getting at that information. My suggestion: plan on adding some kind of real file system. I've worked with OS's that try and de-emphasize (or eliminate) the traditional file system and it just doesn't work. Programmers eventually hack their own "file system" to work with the files that everyone has. When every computer is networked and connected to the Internet, communicating by files, file names, and file extensions, is universal. Speed isn't everything. For the love of all web developers everywhere, pick any browser (Safari, Chrome, Opera, or Firefox) and dump IE. We would greatly appreciate it. While a SQL database isn't always the right tool for the job, it most definitely is the best default answer most of the time. We keep seeing these articles over and over and they keep missing the point. This is what the author says about an e-commerce order : "But in practice, and the app almost always wants to retrieve the entire record all at one, and write the entire record all at once." Right, because no business ever wants a total of their orders in the month?!? Or a business never wants to know who their best customers are? This is the worst example ever and proves that this "in practice" thought is entirely backwards. "the point was that joins are expensive." That is a blatant myth. Joins are not slow. I use MySQL and SQL Server everyday and there isn't a really huge difference in performance. And I'm working with large (100 line) queries over large sets of data trying to return real-time results. I've got more joins, subselects, and unions going on than the average user will ever use and I still return results instantly. Now older versions of MySQL, like 3.23, are still in use (unfortunately) and pretty crappy but it was released over 8 years ago. Most of these performance myths about MySQL are outdated. There seems to be this whole generation of open source programmers who think that software development is a game. Zed gave away his software to get all kinds of accolades and adoring fans -- which, when you think about it, is pretty bloody bizarre. Open source software is wonderful because it keeps us programmers from constantly reinventing the wheel. It gives us all the collective ability to improve the infrastructure that our products depend on. It's not really surprising that the most mature, stable, and user-friendly products are operating systems, web servers, database servers, and so on. It's bottom layer that programmers use to build software products regular people use. Zed's pissed because Mongrel doesn't get mentioned anywhere. I use open source software in my business all the time to advance what we can deliver to our customers; if someone wants to know what we run, I'll tell them. But guess what, they don't want to know! If all Zed wanted was credit, he should have picked a product with more MBA appeal. Instead he build a web server -- that's infrastructure -- and nobody outside of the programming community gives a crap about infrastructure. It's the final product that matters. Even if Ruby on Rails gets mentioned, most people wouldn't know the difference between it and PHP. All they know is that you're in the same camp as 37 signals. Just as companies that use PHP will say it's the same technology that powers Facebook. Ultimately, it doesn't matter what license he gives his software for the game he's playing. The rest of us, however, just want to get our work done. Web app programmers care about infrastructure; hacker news wouldn't exist if we weren't constantly talking about it. Hell, even this rant from Zed is now on the top. Zed gets all the credit he can possibly get from Mongrel -- hell, I'm not even a RoR developer and I know he's the primary author. I use Apache, but I couldn't tell you who's in charge of it right now. It seems strange to me that, as he says: "when I would try to get work, it was impossible for me to explain the magnitude of Mongrel’s impact". Who was he talking to in these companies? My point is that MBA's don't care about Mongrel. HR drones don't care about Mongrel. If that's who he wants to target, stop building the next mail server and start building to next twitter -- it's probably less technically interesting but you'll be more popular. Fair enough. Maybe it's not the reason he did it (and maybe it's not the reason he's writing a mail server either). But this rant is all about the accolades. And, come on, he does get the credit. He gets lots of credit. He just wants more credit. Enough to go to the bank, it seems. He's not being held to a different standard. Microsoft doesn't get credit for every memo or power point presentation! Why should Zed get credit for every web site? It doesn't make sense. He wrote a cog. I include things like programming languages and libraries as infrastructure too. Microsoft gets paid because they're a business. It is unreasonable because Zed is not running a business. Running a business is hard -- a lot harder than just writing software and releasing it to the wind. A novice developer doesn't really need PHP-specific performance tips. Yes, but you can still complain about things they don't offer. There's nothing inherently wrong with that. I have a Vista on my laptop, and it isn't horrible but it also isn't an improvement over XP. When I recently purchased a new computer, I built it for XP. I fully disagree with Atwoods comment: A world where people regularly use 9 year old operating systems is not a healthy computing ecosystem I'm really very fine with that. There's been an over-emphasis on the operating system for far too long. It should just shut up and get out of the way. As long as it continues to be updated and has plenty of drivers, we don't need to be changing operating systems very 3 years. XP has ushered in a period of relative stability to our industry that's been very good thing and, unsurprisingly, people are reluctant to move away from that. Unfortunately, XP is really at the end of it's life due to the move to 64bit. I'm confident that Windows 7 is an improvement over Vista, but I'm not yet convinced that it's the next 9 year operating system. I run a lot of custom apps on my WinMo phone. In fact, my entire phone experience has been customized (of course, it's terrible to begin with). No, the PHP internals team was not right. The author missed the only valid argument: PHP already has a namespace operator! It is '::' just as it is in C++. Classes are namespaces and PHP should have worked just like in C++ where they stole the design from in the first place. Instead, because nobody wanted to fix the bunged up internals to make it work properly, they decided to add this new character and make the whole language that much more complicated. Now we have this new operator that we didn't need and a bunch of different syntax and semantics for accessing static class members and namespaces. Why would it take a complete change of PHP's semantics? Accessing static members of classes follow C++ syntax, there's no reason why namespaces couldn't follow the same syntax and semantics. It would break nothing in the PHP language spec. namespace foo1; function bar(); class foo2 { function bar(); } foo1::bar(); // Namespace call foo2::bar(); // Static method call namespace foo2; // Syntax error; class foo2 already exists. The problem is, the internals of PHP are that namespaces and classes are in different hashes and the call to either compile to entirely different byte code. The "correct" implementation would have namespaces and classes together and both calls compile to the same code. Now I accept that the PHP internals are perhaps too convoluted to resolve this issue but that doesn't make this any less terrible. It's a hack solution. Death by a million cuts. The scope-resolution operator doesn't matter. The weird scoping rules aren't so bad. The inconsistent function parameters are really no big deal. What's one more mis-feature right? I was really hoping that PHP was going to grow up and shed some its moronic nature but this is yet another half-ass solution. I've read that link and I understand it. They treat namespace access and static class access as different things. If they were the same, and namespaces and classes shared the same hash, and static class access and namespace access where the same (like in C++) this would be a non-issue. As for your ambiguity, it's a simple name clash. On the second declaration, you should get an error because foo::bar is already defined. You know, like you would in C++. You completely missed the point. Yes, you can defend all those things individually. And individually, they aren't a big deal. But together PHP seems like a big ball of mud. I'm actually a big user (and defender) of PHP; between posting this I'm working on PHP code. I've used it since PHP 3.0 and I'm pretty forgiving of legacy problems -- it's an organic language with pieces added when they're needed. The PHP 3.0 time was great because every release (which was frequent) brought some new feature you were wishing for. PHP 5.0 has been great and PHP 6.0 with unicode is going to be a nice addition too. But it's like 2 steps forward and 1 step back. There's no reason for PHP to add namespaces in such a confusing and different way. PHP borrows from C, Java, Perl, and C++ and anyone familiar with those languages is going to feel comfortable with it. But this namespace implementation is just bizarre. And it can't be blamed on any legacy issues or backwards compatibility. They made the easy choice -- add a character to the language so the parser has something else to grab onto so they can treat static class access and namespace access as different things. I don't call that making it right. It made it "work". Adding another confusing symbol to a language already filled with symbols is not right. Ummm, no. In C++, classes are looked up the same as namespaces, you can have a namespace called foo::foo::foo::foo which contains a class called foo! The only restriction is that you can't have a class or namespace with the exact same fully qualified name. That's a perfectly reasonable restriction. The whole purpose of namespaces is so you can have a class called foo in a different namespace from another class called foo. From a previous link on this subject: Java: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Package access: foo.bar.baz C#: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Namespace access: foo.bar.baz Python: Attribute/Method access: foo.bar Static method access: Foo.bar Module access: foo.bar.baz C++ Attribute/Method access: foo.bar and foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Namespace access: Foo::bar Perl: Attribute/Method access: $foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Module access: Foo::bar PHP: Attribute/Method access: $foo->bar Static method access: Foo::bar Namespace access: Foo\bar Variety is not unambiguously good. Variety is good if you're producing something different. Variety is bad if it's different for no reason. I work in many different languages, and having to learn yet another syntax unnecessarily is not a good thing. The PHP developers had a chance to add namespaces in a way that didn't make the language worse -- they didn't do that. Sure, maybe it's not a big deal -- just like all the other bad decisions, like magic_quotes, weren't a big deal. It's just disappointing that they couldn't do it right. The server is still producing HTML and CSS which can modified by the client. I guess the real question is, what exactly is the problem with HTML? HTML is ok, it's CSS that's got the problem. It's the difference between Microsoft Word and Publisher; CSS doesn't provide enough layout primitives to do common web layouts easily. Instead, you have to specifically structure your HTML for it and layer on the tags and copious amounts of CSS code. but it is always source code to the client Source code is what people read/write, object code is what software & hardware reads/writes. HTML is always object code to the client. HTML and CSS are still source code to most people -- most web sites are designed by designers who hand you off perfect static renderings before you tear them apart and plug them into whatever template engine you're using. But look at something like http://www.extjs.com -- the HTML is complete object code generated entirely using Javascript. Yes, but the app store is 99% of the marketing for iPhone applications. And their are other issues, like the app store approval process, for example. So, your point is that programs can't process data if it isn't human readable? I agree! But the main failing of the original design of CSS (which could resolve most of these arguments) is that they didn't include a way to do page layout in the way that tables work. Many years later, with CSS3, they've finally adding it. But it seems like an obvious layout deficiency given the previous use of tables for layout. Those languages that use the dot for scope resolution have created an ambiguous operator in the plus sign. Yeah, I think that's a bad idea too. Javascript is particularly bad because it's dynamically typed -- you may have to insert a few extra empty strings to get what you want. You chose 6 languages all from the same paradigm. Um, yes, that's the point!! All languages from the same paradigm doing things mostly the same. I can switch between Java, C#, PHP, and Javascript without too much trouble. If you've got a radically different language, it doesn't really matter to this discussion. This is the last reply I'll be writing. This is good, since you've run out of things to say except attack my programming skill and teamwork even though you don't know me. Typical. But if you are CONFUSED by a backslash, you ought to reconsider your choice of profession. I'm sorry you feel that everything is beyond criticism. I wonder, is there anything you actually care about? Go back to coding in COBOL -- if "ADD 1 TO VARIABLE" doesn't confuse you, I'm sure you'll be happy. why don't you take the opportunity to create a working patch that uses the double-colon? It's a fair question. Unfortunately I'm very busy, I have enough time to code, take care of the kids, and post to hackernews. I'm also a PHP programmer not a C programmer (right now, anyway). But the implication of your question is that I have no right to complain about open source projects? I cannot have both a namespace and class named foo in the global scope or within the same namespace. Yes, but you make that sound like a bad thing. In real life, having classes and namespaces with the same names would not be good. Nobody is going to do it, so why support it? Can you think of an example where it makes sense to have a class and namespace with the same name? And spin it however you'd like, having a namespace conflict with a classname is far more confusing Really? Because that's how every other language works from Java, C#, C++, Perl, etc. If you didn't know that, it's probably not such a big deal. Here's a simple task you can't do in CSS2: Create a multi-line form where the labels are right-aligned to the fields, the fields all line up, and everything expands to fill the contents. My bad, didn't check my facts, table-cell is in CSS2! Of course, in my defense, it doesn't matter which standard it's defined in if it isn't supported by IE. It isn't even supported in IE7 and we've just recently dropped support for IE6. ...which will be great in 2015 when enough browsers implement it to be useful. :) From the article: Look at Shapira’s article, says Snyder. It’s missing 'anything resembling a point of view.' And that’s exactly what Nolan’s Gawker post provided. A lot of blogs that are second-hand reporting, what they usually add id their own opinion on the topic. They were interested (or disgusted) enough when reading the article to add their 2 cents to the topic. Sometimes that opinion is just as interesting (or more) as the original article. Programming on paper is amazingly bad (I've done it, mostly for exams). Even worse, you will teach programmers that you develop linearly (from top to bottom) and once a line of code is written it cannot be changed. Those are terrible coding habits. Really brute forcing a solution isn't bad for a first run. If they done it, tell them to make it faster or smaller. Given that they've solved it once, they should understand the problem better. ...and all these sites are pure luxeries. ...and all the content is generated by the kids themselves. Switching to Linux is as easy as switching to Windows 7 -- both options require reinstalling your operating system and all your applications. Interesting thoughts on autoloading: http://wiki.getheavy.info/index.php/A_Note_About_Auto-Loadin... I'm disappointed more frameworks don't autoload. I much prefer it to manually loading everything and I've used both styles over the years. There is also the small performance benefit of only loading classes I need at runtime rather than loading every possible class at parse time. But really, requiring everything manually seems redundant to me. On the otherhand, it's pretty hard to argue that a web browser shouldn't be a standard part of the operating system. When I install XP, I need to fire up something to download Firefox. I don't think Microsoft bundling software with Windows is inappropriate, within reason. Where the monopoly and anti-trust concerns for me come in is their agreements with PC manufacturers that penalizes them for providing alternative operating systems. I've been doing that since the PHP3 days (before require_once existed, and you had to track repeated requires yourself). Since moving to autoload with PHP5, I don't find any loss of clarity. I'm curious what mess you get from autoloading? I still haven't bothered to signup for Stackoverflow because of the OpenID requirement. If it has username/password it'd be done already. I wish git was bit more user-friendly on Windows. With TortioseSVN, using subversion is so smooth and easy I almost forget it's there. I've got a bunch of Git tools installed in Windows, but it's all so horrible. The GUI tools are significantly worse than using Git bash at the command line. I think, for Git, the GUI I'm looking for probably isn't possible. It's designed with the philosophy of small command line tools combined together -- that's not something you can paint over with pretty UI. Seems like there would be an opportunity to license their game engine, provide a bunch of support staff and programmers, and sub-license it to other companies. Well, lets not forget there's still that free() call which will try and free the integer value packed into the pointer. PHP is ubiquitous, and now I can be more easily targeted by languages that can compile to PHP. They must have had a use-case in mind when adding it, because it's a lot of work for nothing otherwise. re⋅ject 3. to refuse to accept (someone or something); source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/reject Seem to me like the "reject"/"not approve" disparity is splitting hairs. I don't think Apple is developing a competitor to Google Voice -- which is probably part of the problem. If they did build a competitor, it really wouldn't matter. Apple could do it better and more seamlessly. However, what's really happening is that Apple is seeing the writing on the wall. A lot of the core functionality of the phone, like Maps and search, are already provided by Google. Once you add in Google Voice with call management, voicemail, and SMS then suddenly it's not really Apple's phone anymore -- it's Google's. There may be a big difference between an app under review and being rejected. There's also a difference between an app being sold in store for months and an app being pulled from the store! Reminder, it was Apple pulling 3 existing Google voice applications that prompted questions to Google about the status of their official app in the first place. Google's response at the time sounded pretty final: "We will continue to work to bring our services to iPhone users, for example, by taking advantage of advances in mobile browsers." Microsoft is the worst for this! .NET is a terrible name to search for. SQL Server Reporting Services is also awful. At least they've seemed to have gotten the clue with Silverlight. If you watch his talk he doesn't claim he invented JSON; he goes out of his way to say he discovered it -- because it was already there. And he even says that he wasn't the first to discover it either -- as many other people figured it out around the same time. Ask on insert of external drive? "Port Cocoa to Windows and port iTunes to Cococa" OpenStep was already ported Windows NT at one time ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:OPENSTEP_on_Windows_NT.jpg ). They already port other libraries to Windows to support iTunes and Safari. I think this option makes the most sense moving forward if they want to continue building cross-platform applications. All the "web designers" I've worked with lately have put significant effort into user experience design -- certainly it's much more "on the radar" than it was a few years ago. They're not completely separate concepts. As a programmer, I can manage my own PC and Network. A user experience designer should be able to do graphic design just as easily. Different skills, but none the less related. From what I've looked into, Safari on Windows isn't using Cocoa. The latest Safari even looks much more like a Windows application than previous versions. So maybe I'm wrong about this point. However, I still think they're going to have to port iTunes to Cocoa simply because they've essentially deprecated Carbon. For the Windows version of iTunes, maybe they'll just have an completely separate version that isn't a port. string.strip() is a convenience, you can find a horribly verbose way to do it C# as well. The "nano" is all about size -- it's right there in the name! Apple going after the flip makes perfect sense; there's not a lot of difference between them hardware-wise except for the camera. It might just take another generation before the nano is superior to the flip (factoring in it's size) -- It's already a pretty good value. "There is a built-in business model here: smart advertising. Artists can pay to have their songs cued up to FOO listeners in exchange for BAZ dollars." Ok, but how do you intend to actually get this advertising money? It's not as simple "if you build it, they will come". You need to be able to sell the site to advertisers. I didn't see anything in your "About me" background that makes you qualified for the "make money" part of this venture. Or you just planning to sell it to someone else to make that happen? The difference between error codes and exceptions are that, for error codes, you must check the result of every function call and method and in some way handle that result. Contrast this to exceptions, where the advantage is that your error handling is centralized. You should throw as much as necessary and catch in a few key places. Checked exceptions ruins that advantage of exceptions -- you're back to writing a whole bunch of buggy error handling code rather than just a few key catches. The result is errors are being hidden, masked, or ignored for absolutely no gain except to satisfy the compiler. AT&T already allows Google Voice on other phones. I find it fascinating that so many people continue to blame AT&T well after it's very clear that they had nothing to do with it. They just can't imagine that their poor little underdog Apple would limit competition on their device. Apple has a lot to lose if this app is allowed. Search and maps is already provided by Google. Add in call management, voice mail, and SMS and you have a phone almost completely powered by Google software -- that's not a position that Apple wants to be in! Their excuse of "duplicate functionality" really is an honest answer. Remember, they also denied Latitude. > how many of these cellphones even give AT&T the ability to ban a specific app? If AT&T wanted to block Google Voice, they could easily do it from the network level. > iPhone is one of the only phones that AT&T would have the ability to 'ban' an app on The assumption here is that AT&T some measure of control but there doesn't seem to be any evidence of that. Wasn't the entire deal with AT&T that Apple maintains all the control? That's why there isn't a T-mobile iPhone instead. We know of the contract stipulation from AT&T that requires Apple prevent high-traffic applications and VoIP but that seems to be it. Apple seems to more than willing to take all the responsibility -- why should anyone assume differently? Isn't this solved by the "draggable" attribute? Why work at the events-level at all for this. You could simply use the IEView plugin in Firefox to achieve the effect you are looking for. I have a few IE-only sites and it seamlessly uses IE to render those sites while in Firefox. You configure which sites automatically use that rendering engine. It depends on whether or not the application is resubmitted. If, after the first rejection the developer says "to hell with this" and never comes back then the throughput is increased. However, if the developer subsequently resubmits only to be tripped up on the next item then you've increased the overhead for both the developer and Apple. Each resubmission is more overhead. But, as the system grows, your ability to add or change functionality without breaking things I disagree unless all your changes are really shallow. You change the structure of your application in significant ways and you'll break the tests too. So now you have two problems. See, I think the value in tests would be that they are reusable. If you're smart enough to write a test for a situation, then you're smart enough to code for that situation in the first place (and conversely if you miss an edge case in code, you're just as likely to miss an edge case in testing). If you're constantly rewriting your tests -- what's the gain? Now certainly writing everything twice is actually a great way to catch errors. NASA does that with the shuttle. But I wouldn't argue that its faster. I prefer to just liberally sprinkle my code with run-time assertions. We have a small defect rate even after pushing out massive structural changes to the application. The bugs that we do have tend to involve an unpredictable set of conditions that no automated test would ever be written to find. Perhaps if you need traits, you're doing it wrong. Does PHP really need all the added complexity of this? Does it really help solve the problem or did you just add a new maintenance nightmare? I'm sorry, I still don't see the advantage of OpenID. Can anyone explain why it's any more convenient than username/password? I still haven't bothered to sign up for StackOverflow because the signup seemed far more complicated than it is for just about any other Web 2.0 site. All the sites I visit remember my password. My browser remembers my password on top of that. My browser is synced to all my other browsers, etc. Given the StackOverflow example, it would take exactly 5 seconds to type in my usual username and unsecure password and start using the site. The whole Open ID thing seems like a hell of lot more work. It sounds like a solution in search of a problem. I don't really need security for my slashdot account or hacker news. Now combining with OAuth is interesting, but I don't have a "contact list" anywhere. I don't really have any information that I need (or want) to share between sites. It's definitely a cool option though, so I won't bemoan it's existence. However, I am annoyed at sites that require OpenID without the standard alternative. In this world, perhaps the less that's directly attributed to you the better off you are. Your identity is also tied to livejournal. I have no such place that I would want my identity tied to. I could run my own OpenID server or some such thing but that's even more of pain in the ass. I can type those strings in my sleep, what string to do I type in login to an OpenID site? Oh, you mean I have to find that string somewhere? Probably typing in a lot more than 2 strings to sign up for it? Yeah, I thought so. You might I'm being purposely difficult -- and maybe I am. But I'm an intelligent user, I visit hacker news, etc. Imagine rolling this out to your average web user? Good luck with that. See I could do that, yes. But exactly how many steps, how much technology, and how many organizations are between me and the site I'm logging into. It just doesn't seem worth the effort. What's the payoff? I wouldn't know where to begin to set that up -- there's the complicated part. Honestly, this should all be built into the browser -- all this web-service stuff is entirely the wrong approach. Hold everyone back from what? Technology for technology sake? Why do all this? For security? So nobody can hack into my flickr and look at my pictures of my kittens? For convenience? I have to sign up to some completely unrelated service so I can login to your site? The average web user isn't going to give a crap, and honestly neither do I. And I generally love technology for technology sake. And don't get me started on how horrible HTML email is... ;) A lot of Web 2.0 sites don't even bother validating your email anymore -- such as hackernews, reddit, etc. They have a username and password that isn't connected to anything. That works for me. And I don't have to signup for some completely unrelated service to receive an email -- everybody already has email. I'm surprised nobody suggested adding a mouse over to the orange dots. The first thing I did was mouse-over to look for a tooltip to explain the dot and got nothing. I'm surprised nobody suggested adding a mouse over to the orange dots. The first thing I did was mouse-over to look for a tooltip to explain the dot and got nothing. It doesn't have to be an image -- you can put a title attribute on a and still get a tooltip! Apple cannot go back an update every previous iPod in existence. So at some point, the Palm pre will respond exactly like some existing iPod model and Apple won't be able to do anything more. This article does point out one thing that I've always found really strange/dumb about Unix. Why does the shell expand the wildcards? That's not how it works in Windows, for example. I periodically have to cleanup abandoned and overflowing unix mailboxes where every message is it's own file. You'd think a simple "rm *" would work, but it doesn't, because you get an error message saying that there are "too many arguments". From my perspective there's one argument, the asterisk. Very confusing. I end up having to use xargs to get it work. Seems like a poor design. Shouldn't that be part of the OS API? Why call me with 1,000 arguments, when I could call an API with the wildcard and get the 1,000 files back? My poor argv can't handle it the other way. Copyright is a compromise between the general public and the creators of the material. It's a construct that exists to promote the creation and distribution of works. If you can't watch a movie, what does that serve? The public is clearly not getting anything. And the creator isn't getting anything either. Everybody loses. This isn't the same as simply not being able to pay either. What's the best way to start for someone who doesn't want their entire internet identity tied with up Yahoo, Google, or Facebook? "From the perspective of copyright law, yes, it can be classified as quoting" Then aren't we done. Fair use and all that. It doesn't matter what value Murdoch places to them. In fact, why should it matter? Should every teaser be worth $1,000,000? If you let the marketplace decide then what happens? Probably what we have right now, because at least one news producer will think that Google is providing a great service. "but those 'headlines and teasers' do carry news value" Newspaper vending boxes have a nice glass window in front so you can read the headlines and choose whether or not to buy the paper. How is what Google does any different at all? When it comes to rendering (layout on the page), IE7 is a lot like IE6. When in doubt, serialize to a string. The end result compared with a type-less database is nearly the same. The age old computing phrase "garbage in, garbage out" applies here. You're putting a lot of faith into this. The fact is that performance, scalability, features, and correctness are a trade-off. RDBMS is optimized for certain conditions and these NoSQL databases are optimized for other conditions. NoSQL databases are horrible at things that RDBMS's do extremely well and vice-versa. NoSQL isn't some magic discovery -- of course they're going to run into problems that RDBMS solved years ago! Your argument for small boxes seems to be the same argument for one large box. My (extremely average) desktop has a terabyte of storage in it -- why do I need a bunch of boxes running a distributed database? One big server is a hell of a lot easier to manage than a fleet (a fleet!) of small boxes. Hey, is there anyone out there that uses SQLite and actually uses it's "duck typing" feature to some effect? I'm using it, but I still declare my "column affinity" and store values with the proper types. I don't put strings in my number columns, for example. I can't even imagine a good reason for that. Or, as it historically been the case, a browser vendor implements the feature (so it's "supported") but they do it wrong. As much as people hate to hear it, the only real solution is some kind of browser-version tagging. If it wasn't for Microsoft's browsers supporting browser-specific conditional comments, we'd have a much harder time writing standards-compliant web pages that work the same for every browser. I don't know very many people who still use email for personal communication. It's all Twitter, Facebook, Skype, or just IM. Even my parents seem to able to navigate Facebook just fine but have considerably more trouble with their email client. While I still use email just as much for business communication, I hardly use it at all for just talking to friends and family. "The problem with using data like this is that it's completely anecdotal and self-selecting." That was the idea. I'm not Wolfram Alpha, I'm a human having a conversation. I didn't make any predictions about the future, I'm just expressing my own personal take on the situation. I'm sure I'm going to get down-modded to hell for this especially since you've been up-modded pretty high for contributing basically nothing. "Just because the world around you looks one way doesn't mean it's the same everywhere." The ironic part about your AOL/ICQ/MSN example is that, like Facebook, there are network effects. I used ICQ pretty much right up until nobody else did. People are communicating by Facebook so much that even though I don't use it much, if I want to be in the loop that is where I need to go. There are 250 million people communicating on Facebook -- clearly there's a lot less need to communicate by email. My own personal experience is that for the average user trying to communicate for non-business means, they get a far better experience from other tools than from email. Now, of course, this all just my personal option. If you want some actual data, you won't find it on hacker news. I don't see how you can compromise. If you're just a little dynamic, then you still need to bring in a software interpreter to process the page (this is a point in the article). You also immediately lose the security of static files. To get the benefit of static files, you have to go all in -- otherwise, you might as well just be using a CMS that caches. Using text-indent: -1000px is a terrible hack anyway. Some hacks are necessary but when you're moving elements off the page to achieve an effect, you're definitely doing it wrong. Fair enough, I was quick to respond. I didn't mean to comment directly to the author but make a general statement of the current state of the art in CSS: to achieve an effect use the craziest hacks one can find. As you said, patio probably just found that code on the web and used it. with the appropriate alt-text. Of course, your code has to be handle both regular submit buttons and image submit buttons interchangeably (it's a good thing to add). That also requires changing the markup but if you've got a template engine that's easy enough. The low-level aspects of an operating system are now available, for free, to whatever company wants them in the form of Linux. Both of Google's operating systems (Android and Chrome OS) are based on Linux. The Palm Pre is based on Linux. The fact is that even the device drivers, I/O subsystems, network stacks, file systems, and the X number of ways the an OS interacts with the machine are no longer significantly important. What is important is how the OS interacts with the user. This is where Apple shines. This is also where Google is looking to shine as well. If the user experience can be provided entirely within the browser, why not? As you said, it has become commoditised. Is there really a qualitative distinction? Apple's operating supports Apple's hardware (Mac and iPhone). Linux claims great compatibility with most PC hardware and tonnes of other random equipment out there. Windows is Windows. Do you think the average person cares what file system underpins the iPhone or that Android and the Pre share an OS kernel? But you are right, you can't replace an operating system with browser. However, you can treat the OS as just another layer in the stack in between the network card and the browser. It's even an interchangeable component -- swap out Linux or Windows or OS X and you have still have something that can push bits onto the net and run a browser. I think a lot of people take Windows for granted. It's amazing that we have one operating system that can smoothly run on the most expensive and advanced PC hardware and run on a netbook that costs less than a really good dinner out. Hardware manufacturers can put other own drivers as easily as anyone can put out software. And the same software runs on PC models from dozens of manufacturers and whatever Frankenstein-PC you can build yourself. Developers can target one API for all that hardware. The author doesn't seem to think much of that. Apple is an exception, an outlier, and a niche. You misunderstood me. They are very successful (and very profitable) but they're still an exception and a niche. If every PC manufacturer went the same route as Apple, they'd probably all fail.