This is known as the instrumentalist approach to quantum mechanics, where we deliberately avoid thinking about the philosophical interpretations of things like the wavefunction, and only focus on the results of experiments. The thinking being, the observables don't change regardless of whether you pick MWI or pilot wave or the Copenhagen interpretation, so what does it matter? (The actual phrase "shut up and calculate" is older than this paper; I think David Mermin coined it.) This approach rubs some people the wrong way, either because it's seen as a failure of imagination on the part of physicists to look at the bigger questions, or because it drifts close to the discredited logical positivism of the mid-20th century. Those are valid complaints, but I think it can also be seen as humility on the part of physicists, and an understanding that this is outside their field of expertise. "Science" is a fundamentally empirical exercise; if you're doing thinking without empiricism, it might still be valuable thinking, but it isn't science. "Shut up and calculate" is shorthand for, "Because these questions are not empirical, our tools and methods we have as scientists are not capable of addressing them." It's acknowledging that their powers are limited. (I do think it would be nice if more physicists thought about it anyway, because in their abscence the void has been filled with woo by a bunch of New Age cranks, but that's not a moral obligation on their part) This is becoming such a common story that I'm starting to think it's a little irresponsible of both Amazon and GitHub to not react better to it. Clearly Amazon is capable of detecting when this happens as evidenced by their rapid response; when they see AWS keys published to GitHub, they should block the account, or at least prevent it from spinning up any new instances. They can then contact the owner over e-mail to follow up. Same thing with GitHub. When they see an AWS key, they need to block that push and send back a message saying "If you're really, really, REALLY sure you want to do this, add .allowawskey at the root of your commit and push again". There's no excuse for letting people shoot themselves in the foot like this over and over. (Edited for typo) > They have service limits and routinely waive charges from abuse events like this. That's almost worse though. Maybe I'm being unfair here, but the fact that they will waive charges immediately if you ask, but don't just block them pre-emptively, tells me that they're hoping at least some customers (with deep pockets and automated billing that no one pays attention to) will just pay the bill and never notice. Maybe they're making more money from that than they're losing by waiving charges on compromised accounts for customers who ask. Not to mention, if it was written as an actual shell application, it would probably be easy to use Emscripten or something to make a web version, if someone really wanted it. For the interested, parent is probably referring to Calvary Cemetery [1]. I don't think it's the largest cemetery in the US by acreage, but it's the largest by number of burials. I've always thought it must drive economists and real estate developers nuts that there's all this land in New York City which is probably permanently off-limits to development. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvary_Cemetery_(Queens,_New_... That's one of the features Ars offers to premium subscribers: http://arstechnica.com/subscriptions/ , so I don't think there is a supported way. There are Chrome/Safari extensions out there for "single-pagifying" articles though. Credit to Panos and everyone who put that together, I didn't see the removable screen coming. That was the kind of "one more thing" moment that rivals Apple at their best showmanship. They're trying, they're moving in the right direction, but it's still a ways away. Some nice things recently: - The console host application on Windows 10 finally doesn't suck. Resizeable, copy-paste supported, word wrap text selection, etc. - It seems like they're trying to make their dev tools use a lot less "black box magic", the kind that that's wonderful when it works right and impossible to debug when it goes wrong. At an ASP.NET workshop recently, Scott Hanselman went to great pains to emphasize that everything he was doing in the VS GUI could also be done from the command line. - Nuget keeps improving. It's still not a replacement for apt or even Homebrew, but they're listening to feedback and making the changes people request. I feel like in another year or so it could be a real contender. Edit: Formatting You can defeat the system any number of ways. This is just to wash Tesla's hands of any liability: if you get in a crash because you intentionally subverted the engagement requirements, it's clearly your own fault (not attacking Tesla here, it's what all the other carmakers do too). I imagine it's nothing more complicated than "OpenSSL isn't the native crypto implementation on Windows, SChannel is". Microsoft's engineers are probably much more familiar with SChannel, and they don't want to have to test/validate two crypto systems in parallel. Besides, this should make OpenSSH better in the long run; it should be able to have any compatible crypto layer underneath. You're probably fine, unless you ever want to commit to ReactOS. From what I've heard, they're very serious about not letting anyone with exposure to Microsoft's code touch the project, because the clean-room implementation requirements are so strict. Buying it, because now it's treated as an exchange of currency. There is now nothing different between Bitcoin and Euros as far as taxes go, which is as it should be. While the DoJ's legal argument here is insane and it deserves to be thrown out with prejudice, software companies have happily used the "we're not selling this to you, we're licensing it to you" argument to justify all kinds of gross anti-consumer behavior - including Apple, when they used it to crush Psystar. It's a long shot, but I wonder if the DoJ prevails here it'll make companies think a little harder about whether licensing is the correct way to distribute software, and if consumers might end up getting some rights back because of it. No x86 computer ships with locked bootloaders, it's part of the spec that you have to be able to disable SecureBoot in the BIOS. Having said that, I don't think Linux will be a good fit for this device. People will first have to reverse-engineer the locking mechanism (which is done in software in Windows). That'll probably happen quickly, but then there's the issue of the hybrid graphics, which Linux has never played well with IME. That's assuming Linux drivers will be available for the dGPU at all; it's apparently a custom part from Nvidia and there may not even be a binary blob for them on Linux. As someone not terribly well-versed in the jargon of the finance and stock market worlds, this was a pretty good article for helping me make sense of it all. My head is spinning a little, but I've got the gist of it. Kudos to a16z for the good writeup. I do have one question: can someone clarify for me what "tracking stock" is? I see that it has no voting rights and pays no dividends, but I don't understand how the market sets a price in that case. What is stock if not voting rights and dividends? A big part of it is that Grantland was seldom accused of writing "clickbait" or churning out low-quality content. They had talented writers producing good longform material. If ESPN couldn't make that profitable, it's a blow to the argument (often seen on HN) that people are willing to pay for quality journalism. So, I figure this is as good a place to any to ask: I'm not totally clear on how AMP is supposed to work. From what I can tell, it "speeds up the web" by being a subset of HTML that forbids JavaScript, but there's nothing stopping publishers from just not putting any JS on their page right now. The reason they don't is that they need the ad revenue, and I don't see what AMP is doing to fix that. Is Google paying publishers to host AMP versions of their pages? Exactly. I understand where pilif and Lx1oG-AWb6h_ZG0 are coming from when they say that indexOf, length, and substring actually get a little ill-defined when Unicode is involved, but I can't see the logical leap from that to it being a good idea to exclude them entirely. The motto of a good API/SDK is "Make the easy case easy, and the hard case possible"; Swift seems to fail the first condition. Surely there are default assumptions for these methods that work most of the time, with the option for more complicated functionality if you need it . Maybe all this complexity is necessary when you're writing huge i18n'd apps, but the point is that if it's too much bother to even do Hello World, I'm never going to get to the huge i18n'ed apps. It's still possible to exploit because "DDoS" isn't one attack, but a category: people keep finding new ways to slam a target with tons of traffic. For a while, the most common way was with botnets of compromised PCs. They still exist, but big attacks with them are less common since Microsoft has gotten better at securing people's computers. The big thing now is "amplification attacks": basically, finding a way to send a small amount of data and get some other host to flood your target with a huge amount of data in response. Search "NTP amplification attack" for details. More recently, China has weaponized the Great Firewall to be yet another DDoS vector: they inject JavaScript into pages that people visit, and that JS floods a target with requests. As long as there is some way to point a lot of requests somewhere you want, DDoS attacks will be a thing. jwz just confirmed on Twitter that he blocks requests with HN in the referrer: https://twitter.com/jwz/status/665658171415859200 What a wonderfully self-serving explanation. Here's an alternative one: hedge fund managers are shutting down their funds because people are waking up to the fact that hedge funds are a terrible investment. After the managers take their 2-and-20, hedge funds have lagged the market every year, in both market ups and downs. Funds are trying to slow the rush to the exits by slashing fees ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/693d9b74-73f3-11e5-bdb1-e6e47... ) to keep more people from going the way of CalPERS, but I don't think it's going to work. There's just too much freely-available evidence that hedge funds aren't worth the fees for what you get. Blaming the government as they turn off the lights is a handy way to get at least something positive out of it though. Raise your hand if you saw this coming when the US government blocked Intel from supplying chips for China's supercomputing initiative. Way to go, ITAR: once again you've successfully spurred a country to move away from its dependence on American technology, while doing nothing to meaningfully improve our security. I thought the IMF had made it clear that the yuan could never join the SDR basket as long as China kept currency controls in place. The article says the IMF's analysts have suddenly decided that the yuan is "freely usable", and it does mention other liberalizations that China has done, but there is nothing about whether capital controls were loosened. Did China adjust its policy here, or is the IMF lowering its standards due to Chinese pressure, or was I mistaken all along that currency controls were a no-go? Not to mention several of the companies on that "worst performers" list are not at all desktop focused. HTC? Mediatek? These are very much mobile-focused companies. They just happen to be mobile-focused companies that are doing very badly for other reasons. What a lazy article. Before you jump in with outrage or bafflement, consider that this isn't all that shocking, nor is having to pay a bank to keep your money totally unprecedented. Consider: if you want someone else to store your car, or your junk, or your data, you have to pay them. The only reason banks normally pay you instead is that your deposits are so useful (for making loans, and profit on those loans), that it's worth it to pay you to convince you to put your money there. But if economic conditions are such that the bank can't make any profit using your money, there's no reason why they would pay you to keep it there. You might ask, why on earth would I pay a negative interest rate on deposits if I can just keep my money under my mattress? And yes, you could do that, and some people will (or they'll move to a different bank). But then you can't pay with debit cards or use any of the other services provided by a bank, or benefit from its physical security. Those things do cost the bank money which has to be paid somehow, it was just hidden from you by the interest rate. I was just referring to storage, like in a parking garage or something. Sorry if my run-on sentence made it a little obtuse :-) My takeaway from this is that the $80 Apple charger is definitely safer and has higher-quality components than the $12 cheapo Chinese charger, but not nearly so much better that it solely explains the price difference, and that Apple is making a healthy margin on these things. So my question is, is anyone selling a quality charger without the Apple tax? Is there anyone making, say, $40 chargers that have the components of the real thing? I don't know that the United States is "moving away from monogamy". I've certainly read more about polygamous relationships lately, but I think that's a consequence of the greater visibility afforded by the Internet, and the decreasing stigmatization of such relationships making people more likely to be open about it. I would want to see some hard evidence before just saying that polygamy is actually increasing in frequency though; I suspect it's no more or less prevalent than it ever was. The complete lack of an L3 cache is fascinating if true. Not being an expert on chip design, I had thought the "number of cache levels" trend was monotonically increasing, especially since some of Intel's latest chips now have L4 caches, but now this. Can someone explain how they can get away with this? Is it enough to just have a really fast and wide bus, did they possibly need to make changes on the OS level, or is it just more acceptable on a device where you'll only be running one or two applications and very few background daemons/services? Reminder: in 2008, Microsoft offered to buy Yahoo for $45 billion, and Jerry Yang turned them down. Whatever they get for the core business (which, as jonkee says, the street thinks is worth nothing), I'm guessing it's going to be a lot less than $45 billion. something something looking a gift horse in the mouth. > From a content creator (studio) perspective, I have to imagine this is ineffective. It's effective if you consider what their real goal is: to keep any one streaming provider from becoming too popular, and then in a position to start making demands from the creators. They're deathly afraid of streaming ending up like music did with iTunes, where Apple had the record companies in an iron grip until they were broken by streaming. Thus, they want to keep each service as weak as possible, so they can remain in a position to yank popular titles if any of them get too uppity. And, honestly, it's working. For a while, it looked like Netflix would be the movie-and-TV streaming provider, and everyone else was going to be an also-ran, but now Hulu and Amazon Video are respectable competitors. I don't really like that, but their success means that there will definitely never be one service which has everything. Everyone would just switch to that one to pay only one subscription, and that service would have way too much leverage over the creators. HFS+ isn't so much "crazy" as it is "really friggin old". It's not much more than a coat of paint on top of HFS, which was introduced in 1985 (!), and thus is missing out on the last three decades of filesystem research. I might be too optimistic, but I've been assuming that Apple started development on a replacement for HFS+ as soon as the ZFS deal collapsed. I know that was years ago, but filsystems take a looooong time to get right. It's coming, guys, I promise! Just to clarify, you're taking about Chakra going cross-platform, not Edge itself? I think a few of these replies might be looking at whatever_dude's comment and getting the wrong idea. Platform lock-in. Dieter Bohn and Walt Mossberg at the Verge weren't impressed either. Consensus seems to be that the hardware is solid, but tablet Android is still a mess. Worse, even if Google fixes the problems in the OS, there are ( still! ) virtually no 3rd-party apps that support tablet Android natively; they're all just blown-up phone apps. Not only does that ruin the experience but-- like Microsoft and their stalled phone ambitions-- it's not a problem Google can fix no matter how good their developers are. All the software patches in the world can't fix the issue of apathetic 3rd-party devs. So far there have been multiple Satoshi Nakamoto reveals which, of course, never panned out. To their credit Wired is hedging their bets, saying Wright could be a determined hoaxer and even providing some countervailing evidence to their own theory. Good journalism, that. Having said that, I looked over the article and this seems to be the most convincing Satoshi Nakamoto theory thus far. There's no need to jump to any firm conclusions yet though: I'm certain the Internet will conclusively prove or disprove this over the next few days. If this turns out to be true, it could mean a lot or nothing, depending on what Wright decides to do. The big questions would be, a) does he have the private keys to Satoshi's 1.1MM BTC stash or has he lost them and b) will he decide to be actively involved in Bitcoin development/governance. The Bitcoin market has mostly been assuming that Satoshi's bitcoins are lost forever, and the price reflects that. If it turns out Wright can still sell those Bitcoins it would have a dramatic- but probably not cataclysmic- effect on the price. The other question would be if he wanted to involve himself in Bitcoin development. If he really is Satoshi, his voice would carry a lot of weight on big, divisive issues like block size. For better or worse. The writing was on the wall for JetBrains as soon as Microsoft announced Roslyn, pretty much ensuring that somebody (maybe volunteers, maybe Microsoft itself) would write an open-source version of ReSharper with better VS integration than the real thing. Management knows this and they're trying to get some money for it while they can. Are you white? There's your answer. Not even joking. That quote is correct, but you need to understand the context: Scott Aaronson is pretty much the entire reason why you can safely ignore any article about D-Wave, because he's the one doing the legwork to debunk their BS. So articles from/about him are exempt. Awww, they updated the appearance of Raymond Chen's blog? I kinda liked the defiantly, unapologetically old-fashioned look it had before (like Jamie Zawinski's site). Fair enough, but this isn't exactly an argument in C's favor. If you're saying "But we need this unsafe behavior for performance!", that only adds to the urgency to abandon C as soon as possible in favor of things like Rust, which should eventually have all of the speed and none of the UB insanity. No, they shouldn't. "The plural of anecdote is not data": of course you can go around cherry-picking people who are unhappy with the ACA; health care is extremely complicated, no solution was ever going to be perfect, and this law in particular attracts people with an axe to grind. But I can find just as many anecdotes of people who are a lot better off under the ACA. Stories are pointless; the only effective measurement is the bird's-eye view of the numbers as a whole: how many uninsured are there now, what is happening to the mean/median premiums, etc. How is broadband penetration in India? Does the bandwidth exist to pull this off? > E.g. the website service posts random inspirational quotes from dead people or TIL from random wikipedia pages. You never have to log into Facebook and yet it seems like you're "with it". For a large percentage of my Facebook friends, if they were silently replaced with bots like this, I doubt I'd ever notice. Sigh. You're doing the exact thing that WalterBright complained about above ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10859674 ). Of course that is not what the poster meant. It's not just Android: on both Windows and Linux, F.lux seems to interact badly with certain Intel video chipsets, and often just turns on and off continuously until I reboot the system. It's great software, but having it native to the OS would be even better. I hope the other vendors follow Apple's lead here. > based on its stellar reputation as one of the indispensible, foundational computer science books that every programmer should read. A while back, I was joking with some friends that TAoCP is to the programming world what Finnegans Wake is to English literature: you're not supposed to read it, nobody's ever actually read it. We all just say we've read it, talk about how brilliant it is, and place it prominently on our office bookshelves to silently humblebrag to anyone who drops by. Sorry you had to spend $178.08 on that lesson, mate. Not a Fitbit, but I do have a Microsoft Band, which tracks, among other things, your galvanic skin response. I still haven't found any real use for this data, but I have noted that resistivity definitely plummets in response to stressful events, even if I'm not sweating enough to consciously notice it. I once looked at the daily graph and noticed a dip right when our application started throwing errors while I was on-call :) Again, I don't know what use this is, but physiological data is just fascinating in its own right. I can sort of see that as a concern, but... why on earth would you wear your Fitbit to a police interview? If I ever got hauled in for questioning by the cops, then guilty or innocent I would definitely not be wearing something that tracks my heart rate! In any case, I don't think this would be admissible evidence. As far as admissible evidence, polygraphs are only just scraping by on the skin of their teeth, and wearable devices don't come close to their level of accuracy/depth. The main reason these devices can be sold with none of the regulation that accompanies "real" medical equipment is that the companies state up front that "to be used for general fitness only, not intended for use to treat any particular disease", etc., and their accuracy reflects that. The heart rate measurements of Fitbits and other wearables aren't awful , but they're sufficiently inaccurate that any decent lawyer should be able to get that thrown out without question. Edit : Not to mention JTsummers' point about there being no baseline/control measurement on this data, if it existed. Definitely not admissible. If you want something to be worried about vis-à-vis wearables and the privacy of health data, worry about your health insurer getting a hold of it and jacking up your premiums for not taking enough steps every day. That, to me, is the real worry here, not the cops. Or worse: what if it could only express it as a probability. You show up a few minutes early to the restaurant and your fitbit can only say, "There's a 35% chance they're about to propose, a 20% they're breaking up with you, 45% chance it's just dinner." Gah. Cory Doctorow or William Gibson: if you guys are looking for story ideas, you can have that one for free. > but (if done right) it would have been worth the effort. You could say that about literally any failed initiative in history. And another thing: is Medium really that popular? I mean, inside the tech bubble I know it is, but I feel like this might be another case of us having a warped view of the world (like how, outside "tech people" I still have yet to encounter somebody who has heard of Slack). To the general public Medium is just another thing alongside Tumblr and WordPress and Squarespace; I really don't think it's in imminent danger of taking over the web as a monoculture. This is amazing. John Carmack has become like the Lone Ranger of code optimization. He shows up out of nowhere, makes your game run 20 times faster, then rides off into the sunset. "Who was that masked man?" "Oh, he's John Carmack." > was hoping for a big win this quarter. The largest quarterly profit ever recorded by any company wasn't enough of a big win? I don't want to soapbox too much, but there is something deeply wrong with capitalism when you can be more profitable than any corporation that has ever existed and it seems like a letdown. > Especially with so much foreign debt in USD, a lot of companies are going to have a hard time paying off bonds and loans, hurting their ability to grow. All the tech companies that have had big bond issues recently (Apple, Microsoft, etc.) are doing it because it's literally cheaper than repatriating their actual foreign earnings to the United States. As long as those foreign earnings continue to exist, borrowing money is arguably a better way to finance their day-to-day operations, especially when interest rates don't seem likely to climb much in the intermediate future. I think the biggest thing, and one that a lot of people are missing, is that the 6/6S phones caused a one-time burst of switchers who were only on Android because they wanted big phones and they previously couldn't get them from Apple. (Evidence: a year after the 6's release, this happened: https://theoverspill.wordpress.com/2015/09/01/premium-androi... ) Now 1.5 years into the 6/6S cycle, almost all of them have switched, and iOS-vs-Android market share (in saturated markets) has reached a new steady-state. > As for bonds, I meant by foreign companies. Ah, I'm sorry, I misunderstood your post. But even so I'm not clear on why the indebtedness of foreign companies affects Apple all that much, except that it's a signal of the health of the global economy. I don't want to sound like the know-it-all smartass here, but from the moment Firefox OS was announced I gave it a negligible probably of amounting to anything and was really baffled that Mozilla decided to focus their efforts in that direction. I don't think they appreciated just how brutal and unforgiving the smartphone market is. Apple makes money on it, but they spend billions on R&D and billions more on marketing. Samsung makes money, but a lot less than they used to and only because they own their entire component pipeline and also spend billions on marketing. Google makes money, because they own the operating system that 80% of the phones use and use it to push people to their wide array of services. Everyone else is breaking even at best, and hemorrhaging cash at worst. Think how many billions Sony and Microsoft and Nokia and Palm and Blackberry spent on their smartphone efforts only to get shoved to the sidelines. This is a market where you've gotta pay big in order to play; to be honest it was downright silly of Mozilla to expect that they could get a foot in the door. Do you remember when the WSJ first started really dismantling the Theranos house of cards last fall, how a bunch of prominent VCs and publications like TechCrunch, with a lot to lose if the startup bubble pops, immediately circled the wagons? There was a lot of "this is a media hit piece", "we need time to evaluate the technology", "Liz Holmes is a visionary", etc. I wonder if we'll be getting retractions and apologies from those people. sigh Many moons ago when I was a starry-eyed lad just learning to use Git, I remember all the cheerful sentences in the Git book like "Unlike SVN, with Git you can work even when the server is down!" The more things change, the more they stay the same. Developers: "I can't get any work done because GitHub is down!" Linus Torvalds: [ facepalm ] I think people read into TypeScript too much. It's just a "right-now minimal-hassle" way to make front-end dev's lives easier, nothing more. Maybe Microsoft disagrees, but I see TypeScript as something intended to make itself obsolete: eventually, when all browsers are running ES9 (or whichever version we decid has fixed "all" of JavaScript's problems) or WebAssembly (and we're all writing front-end code in C#/C++/Ruby/whatever), then TypeScript will just fade away, by design. For now, it's kinda like JQuery in motivation if not literally architecture: it shields you from browser inconsistencies (in this case, where you don't know what ES version the target is running) and helps you avoid JavaScript's headaches. Just as JQuery became less necessary as time went on-- not because it got worse but because browsers got better-- so too will TypeScript. They're trying to do the same time thing as Soros did, yes. But even after its recent $300 billion spending spree to defend the yuan, China still has trillions in foreign currency reserves left, orders of magnitude more than the BoE ever did. And they have a cultural imperative against "giving in" to Western capitalist pigs. I really don't think these guys have thought their plan through. Interesting note: they just surpassed Apple in market cap, so are now the most valuable (publicly-traded) company in the world. We'll see if it lasts, but it's a notable accomplishment even if not. Weird. I've used Microsoft's homegrown Swype equivalent a bunch, and it seems just as good. Is this an acquihire, or patent-related? > This isn't a criticism of capitalism. > This is an acknowledgment our current "capitalist" financial system isn't able to produce "capitalism" itself. That's a No True Scotsman argument intended to shield capitalism from any criticism. "The system isn't working? Then it must not be real capitalism." It won't happen until "those people who actually understand how the technology around them works" decide to become legislators. Are you quitting your engineering job to run for office? If I could use this to get subtitled gifs of the scene in question, not just screenshots, it would go from amazing to godlike. On the roadmap for v2, hopefully? > My take on this is not that Apple has gotten worse, but that they have actually gotten better at cloud services. Which isn't saying much, since they're still terrible. Their cloud-synced Notes.app is almost unusable; every time I add a note on the phone there's maybe a one-in-three chance it'll sync to the desktop immediately, a one-in-three chance it'll sync the next day, and a one-in-three chance it'll appear three days later or more. If Apple has in fact gotten better at cloud services, it's only because they were so abysmal before that there was nowhere to go but up. "Absolutely awful" is stronger language than I would use, but yeah, I'm not feeling it. The 'a', 'c', parentheses, and especially the 's' remind me of lettering you'd see at a cheesy Greek restaurant. I didn't hate the cursive as much as the other replies here though, I think it could be a real benefit if your editor was configured correctly. You must be new here. >the LINQ (IQueryable?) interface is very well designed/used It's very well designed/used if someone else does the heavy lifting of creating the data provider for you. Speaking as someone who has done it, writing your own IQueryable LINQ provider is a serious hassle, though fortunately it only has to be done once. If it's something you really wanted, I would try to lean on RethinkDB to do it rather than implementing it yourself. I assume you and you friends don't work for Microsoft, since Snapchat is the highest-profile absentee from Windows Phone :P I guess this is a useful lesson to any would-be founders who want to make a business out of breaking the law: make sure you don't break laws higher than those on the municipal level. The difference between Uber and Zenefits/Theranos is that cities have limited resources and angry citizens can convince them to back down (and if you lose, hey, just ignore that city and try somewhere else), whereas state and Federal agencies can nuke you at any time and don't really have to worry about the vox populi. I'm usually the first person fawning over any new SSC post, but by his own admission here he's just regurgitating the points from the original HN thread ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11074587 ). Putting too much stock in this post is kind of "training on your validation data", as it were. > Arbitration clauses are wrongly maligned ... The major arbitration companies are fair and professional. I'm gonna call [citation needed] on this. The recent NYT series on binding arbitration claimed exactly the opposite: that arbitration almost always rules in favor of the company and that arbitration companies which do rule in favor of individuals quickly find themselves getting no more business. They cited peer-reviewed sources and law professors, so I want to see yours. Yahoo still serves ~12% of all search engine traffic in the US. I'll bet you Google and Microsoft are going to be fighting bitterly to buy the right to redirect that traffic to their engine. I believe the advertising revenue (which is what really matters) still goes to Yahoo though. That's what Microsoft would be after. > Power users definitely know the difference between paid results and real results, and over time will steer everyone they can off of Google if it persists in showing a lack of respect for the intelligence of its users. When I start seeing technical people, HN comments, etc. advocating for using Bing instead of Google, I'll believe this. I don't think it's ever gonna ever happen. Google's power users are, if anything, an even more captive and loyal audience than Joe Public, and they know it. Open the Run panel and try to go to "C:\con\con". Instant BSOD. (This was an old trick I used to do as a bratty kid when people left their computers unlocked. Nice to see that it still works!) I truly believe that it would've happened sooner, but Microsoft needed to wait until it had built up some degree of confidence among developers that the whole "new Microsoft" thing is for real. If they'd done it three years ago, everyone would've panicked, assumed that things like e.g. .NET on Linux were dead, and just written off Xamarin's offerings immediately. Now I think a lot of people are at least cautiously optimistic that Microsoft's cross-platform and OSS intentions are genuine. You can see it right here in this thread: as another commenter said, not that long ago this news would've prompted universal predictions of doom, whereas now people seem thrilled. Timing is everything. Seriously. I remember a time when people protested their local governments when they gave in to corporate blackmail of the "let us do this illegal thing or we'll take our business elsewhere" variety. And now some of them are instead protesting when local governments don't give in. God help us. Do networked games usually encrypt their traffic? Genuinely asking as someone unfamiliar with this sort of thing. Seems like a lot of extra CPU cycles and latency for not much gain. Are people worried about attackers analyzing their strats ;-)? Oh dear, someone can't just copy off Scalia's work anymore. Didn't pg actually say that he deliberately wants the UX of Hacker News to be kind of crappy to keep out the riffraff? There's certainly a discussion to be had about whether that's good thinking, but for better or worse, I think it's intentional. > That is a good sign. It means the ship is slowly turning around. That's what it could mean, if this were some other company. You're right in saying that sometimes layoffs are an unpleasant but necessary part of some larger plan to refocus and turn the company around. But this is IBM we're talking about: there is no plan. There's not the slightest shred of evidence that there's a real mission underway to make them relevant again, a la "the new Microsoft". It's just an endless cycle of layoffs and stock buybacks until the whole thing winds up and just goes poof in a handful of dust. It'll take a while because IBM is still huge, but 2025 is my estimated date for when it's no more. Sure, I'll bite. I'm one of the people reporting 'Trump anxiety', and other anxieties too: - We're now setting global temperature records almost every single month. Every month and every year have been the hottest on record, suggesting that we're now in the "runaway acceleration" period of global warming and there's nothing we could about it even if we weren't still just sitting on our hands and battling a "culture war of attrition" with the people who still insist the whole thing is made up. - Things like http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything... suggest that "political belief congruence" and information bubbles have become so strong that rational political discourse is now impossible, and outrage+stonewalling will continue forever. If Trump doesn't win in November, then at best we'll keep "lurching from crisis to crisis" until we finally hit some issue where one side resorts to civil unrest rather than lose, like Matthew Yglesias predicted, and the whole thing blows up. - The lack of any serious effort on any side to de-escalate tensions between China and the United States essentially guarantees that, like almost every instance where a rising global power clashed with the incumbent, we'll be going to war; probably in more than 15 but less than 30 years. So what do you do in this case? What do you do when your anxiety isn't caused by your own problems (I've got a cushy job and no childhood trauma) but by larger issues that you have no hope of solving? I'm genuinely worried now. I'll have to thumb through the Book of Revelation again, but I'm pretty sure MSSQL on Linux and Donald Trump possibly becoming the next President are two of the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Still sounds wonderful, but when's the damn thing coming out? I first heard about Miegakure in an xkcd from 6 years ago, and was immediately ready to hand over my money. It's been hard to maintain that enthusiasm through one and a half Presidential terms... I wonder how long Hacker News commenters will keep excoriating the US government for this kind of shit without realizing European governments aren't really any better. I really, really do. This has been a running joke on the Verge's main podcast for the last few months. People have confirmed that "Hey Siri", "OK Google" "Hey Alexa" and "Hey Cortana" all work on their respective platforms when the hosts blurt them out, and can trigger various mischievous actions. And that's a podcast listened to by comparatively few people. Imagine the mayhem if someone were to do this on, say, the Super Bowl. Does arXiv accept biology papers? I think they are exclusively math/physics/CS. While PHP_CEO might be distracting entertainment, some of the best accounts, including the ones mentioned on this thread (@StartupLJackson, @SwiftOnSecurity, @internetofshit, etc.) are not parody but satire, which is definitely a worthy use of the medium. I have to assume the timing of this, coming so soon after the Pentagon bailed on BD, is no coincidence. Does Google figure that the division cannot turn a profit without that sweet spigot of defense dollars? Exactly. Looking around on Twitter and in the comments sections of other sites reporting on this verdict, I'm seeing a worryingly positive response based on nothing but negative feelings about Gawker. Yes, Gawker sucks, but never forget that there are bad people who want to pick easy targets for example cases in order to set bad judicial precedent, and this is some truly atrocious precedent. Ugh, no thank you. I've liked some of Jerry's opinion pieces in the past, but I think he's way off the mark here, especially with this: > The causes they enunciate are tarnished, just for being in their mouths. That's the kind of thinking that gets you atrocious policy, especially in the judicial sphere. As I said below, people who want bad to enshrine bad precedent will pick the most unsympathetic targets in the courts in order to get it - including law enforcement (actually, especially law enforcement. Why isn't Apple helping the FBI stop terrorists???) The courts sometimes see through this trick. Did you know that your Miranda rights exist because the Supreme Court threw out the conviction of a scumbag who had, indisputably, robbed and raped a mentally handicapped girl? It's sad that they didn't this time though, and that apparently the vox populi didn't either. In many states you don't have to pay until the appeals process is complete, but in Florida you have to pay (or at least post a bond, it's unclear) immediately. There's a good chance Gawker will be closing down. My wording probably could've been better, but the point still stands: you have legal protection from government overreach thanks to a court decision in favor of a rotten defendant. There are plenty of other examples throughout history if that one is not convincing. It kinda looks like it's being "set up" right now in preparation for a more formal announcement. Maybe we just need to wait? It would be a little weird to make a big announcement right this moment, since it's currently Saturday night in Redmond. I imagine it's running into Twitter rate limits pretty quick. You might have better luck on one of those other social apps that's all the rage with the youths, but if you're not into Kik or GroupMe you may need to wait until the hype dies down before getting into a longer conversation. The rewards are one. Granted, they're not huge (I also use Bing and find it amounts to about 1 $5 Amazon gift card per month), but if you find the result quality indistinguishable, it's enough. Also, like sremani, I want to drive innovation in the area of search, and while lots of people pay lip service to wanting more competition, putting your money where your mouth is by not using Google is the only real way to do that. I'm sure that Microsoft has a great deal of data telling them that the Rewards program has a positive ROI, especially because a lot of the rewards are sweepstakes which essentially cost them nothing. Also, I have watched other people use Bing and seen four-digit numbers in their rewards count on the top-right. (It's agonizing, like watching someone who doesn't know about tab-completion use the command line.) This tells me that the number of people who use the Rewards is quite small and this contributes to its usefulness. In shipping, volumes are so huge that, for all practical purposes, improvements in marginal costs justify any upfront expenditure. That's why freight companies keep buying these $200MM+ ships even though the improvement in fuel costs over their existing fleet is just a few percent. "The bash shell is coming to Windows" Whoa. Are there any significant differences between this and AWS Lambda? I know this sounds accusative and I swear I don't mean it that way: Lambda is awesome and if this is more-or-less the same thing, this will be too. I just want to make sure I'm understanding correctly what the service is :) Planned obsolescence is bad enough, but this is something much worse and downright evil. When Amazon zapped people's e-books right from their Kindles, that got a deserved outcry, but at least that had the flimsy justification of Amazon not having the rights to the books in question and so they were in some sense illegal copies. Here the only justification is "Nah, we don't feel like this anymore", and they won't even let you continue running it at your own risk with no updates. "Don't be evil" indeed. This isn't as necessary as it used to be: conhost.exe got a major overhaul in Windows 10 and it sucks a lot less now. There's wrapped selection, copy/paste, and transparency (if you're into that). There's plenty more to go but overall the experience is no longer pull-your-hair-out agony, and Microsoft did say (without providing any specifics) that more improvements were on the way and that they are still soliciting feedback and feature suggestions. You could propose changing the way commands are displayed if you wanted. It is not in the current Preview Build; they have said it's coming soon but did not give specifics. Preview builds are pretty fast-paced now (about once a week) so I suspect it won't be long. I must've missed that bit. Thanks! That top comment - oh dear. Of course, it is an anonymous Reddit comment, so approach with skepticism, but FWIW, it does match up with what I have been hearing through other channels like Glassdoor and old-fashioned gossip. Another thing to consider is that social sharing via those buttons just doesn't seem to be "a thing" on Twitter. I'm a heavy (probably excessive) Twitter user, and I interact with a lot of other heavy users, and I almost never see tweets generated by those buttons. IME, when people on Twitter share links it's usually by copy-pasting the URL, and when those Share buttons are used, it's usually by bots or the, er, less technically literate. It's just not part of the culture. Fingers crossed; that might get be about to get better when the new 520 bridge opens, since it has an HOV lane for the busses. The busses won't be stuck in traffic with everyone else and it might even cause more people to take them. It got downvoted because it's blatantly untrue, as is your comment. Windows' profit comes from licenses, same as it always did - the W10 upgrade was free for personal copies, but business users still pay, as do people who buy a new computer. The idea that Microsoft is making a big chunk of its money through data selling is baloney. Ugh. Never have I gone so fast from "this is a great idea!" to "this is a fucking terrible idea" as I have with named/marketed vulnerabilities. Heartbleed was a perfect usage because it really was ultra-critical: the patch needed to be applied ASAP and people really did need to STOP signing into servers until it was fixed, and then generate new keys afterward. But now it has become cheap marketing for infosec hucksters trying to get attention for their crappy firm, and used on bugs that are really no big deal. Stop, stop, for the love of god please stop. You're making things worse. I have a gut feeling that this is in fact the plan. People keep asking "When can we have Visual Studio on OS X/Linux?", but I don't think that's ever going to happen: VS is so tightly coupled with COM and Win32 that they'd basically have to write it from scratch, or write an entire Windows emulation layer. But what they can do is gradually add features to VSC until it does most of the things you wanted full VS for: Intellisense, deploy-anywhere frameworks and debugging being the main ones. Doing it that way will probably be more performant too. I think what the parent meant was that VSC (along with Atom, and to lesser extent SublimeText) is a good example of "the middle way" that is rapidly gaining popularity. First we had console editors, but they weren't powerful enough, especially for newer languages/frameworks. Then we had full IDEs (VS/Eclipse/IntelliJ), but they got to be slow and clunky. Now the trend is toward "enhanced text editors" (VSC/Atom/ST): editors that can have modular plugin functionality and interact with the console so you don't lose any of its versatility. They're usually faster and more lightweight than IDEs but keep most of what you need. The parent is saying that Eclipse was the flagship of "Generation 2" and VSC is for "Generation 3" And remember, no one is saying you have to use these programs. Console editors and IDEs will still be here. This is another option for people who want it, which has turned out to be a lot of people. I understand; I just think you're being a little harsh on the OP, even if their language was a bit exuberant. They said they tried Atom and found it too slow, so if VSC was the first "3rd gen editor" (a term I just made up) that was usable in their workflow, then for them, it is a revolution. Assume good faith when comments are ambiguous :) NTFS handles append just fine. As another comment speculated, the parent may have meant NFS, which does notoriously have lots of problems with append, and many other POSIX semantics. > How about just jamming them? The time window in which that's a valid option is closing fast. Autonomous flyers that don't need an external signal are already pretty good and after a few more years of iterations, they'll be even better and available to everyone. Not to mention air traffic requires lots of radio communication of its own, along with radar and GPS, and jamming equipment would need to be guaranteed not to interfere with any of that. It's a non-solution. https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/721460062355468289 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/26589529219124838... I suppose you could interpret these as not necessarily saying "there is no such thing as climate change", if you wanted to be denser than a neutron star. Saw people snickering about this on Twitter a few days ago. Might not be HN-worthy, but I'll admit it's the best Wikipedia disambiguation link of all time. It really is hideous. I grew up in the Boston area, and even as a little kid I distinctly remember thinking, "This has got to be the ugliest building in the world". Then when I got older I thought, "Well, the world is a big place and I haven't seen much of it, so I don't have much of a frame of reference. I'm sure there are uglier buildings somewhere." And then when I got a little older still, it was kind of satisfying to see multiple articles and polls saying that no, it is indeed one of the ugliest buildings in the entire world. It's not even that I think Brutalism is inherently bad. I think there are some really nice examples, like the AT&T building in NYC: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33_Thomas_Street#/media/File:A... . But Boston City Hall is Brutalism at its absolute worst. sigh... this again. He's being downvoted because statements like > "A free press and whistleblowers are essential to democracy. Without a free press & whistleblowers democracy cannot function." are applause lights that contribute nothing of substance to this conversation. Pick a bunch of random people-- hell, even random politicians-- and ask them if a free press is essential to democracy. I guarantee you 100% of them will say yes, and probably 100% of them actually believe it and aren't just cynical liars. This suggests that the causes of this muzzling are deeper than people simply not realizing how important a free press is, and that the solutions are more complex than repeating two-sentence mantras that everyone already agrees with. If you don't trust the Ubuntu release team, why are you downloading Ubuntu to begin with? Your threat model makes no sense. Surely state regulations supersede local ones if there's a direct conflict, or they would if the city every complained and the matter were ever brought in front of a judge? > The absolute rate was 13 per 100,000 people. That statistic is meaningless if you don't compare it to the absolute rate for other causes of death. In the US, suicide is the second-leading cause of death* of people aged 15-34, and very high on the list for ages 10-15 and 35-54 (source: http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr65/nvsr65_02.pdf , pages 18-19). "A signal of our society crumbling before our eyes", maybe not, but if the second-leading cause of death in a large age group was a bacterial disease, and it has increased by a double-digit percentage in the last decade, people would be calling that a public health emergency. * Accidents being #1. And since accidents are, well, accidents, suicide is arguably the leading cause of death that we can meaningfully do something about. Yeah, but "50.6b net income on 39.4% gross margins" doesn't get those juicy clicks like "Apple is DOOOOMED!!1!" does. These journalists gotta put food on the table somehow. One other highlight from the report: the total lifetime cost of the program is now estimated at 1.3 trillion dollars, or $1300000000000 if you prefer longhand (up from the 1 trillion dollar estimate of a few years ago). Other things we could've done with that money besides spending it on this useless garbage heap of a plane are left to the reader's imagination. > A custom DNA sequence costs about 10 cents per base, with Twist hoping to get that cost down to 2 cents. A quick trip to Wolfram Alpha says that this works out to about $400 million per gigabyte. Obviously it will come down, but even with exponentially decreasing cost this has a long way to go before it becomes competitive with magnetic storage. Still, it's good to see that there's more attention being paid to the need of very-long-term storage, which is woefully inadequate at the moment. Have you seen the Senate recently? Grassley is a Republican, and the current MO of the Republican Senate is to do absolutely nothing, no matter how uncontroversial, until the Evil Tyrant Obama is finally defeated. Despite their current dominance, Apple knows that downward swings of fate come fast and hard in the tech industry. Consider that 10 years ago, the biggest names in mobile were Palm, Nokia and Blackberry, and now they're either gone or hollow shells. You can think farther back and find plenty more examples of unassailable kings who went bust in a hurry. Then compare that to e.g. Microsoft, who at one point looked doomed but managed to get relevant again by using their huge cash pile to break into a capital-intensive business, which they wouldn't've been able to do without it. I imagine in this sector more than most there's a strong temptation to amass a huge safety net so you can ride out getting "disrupted". As a leftist Keynesian I don't particularly like it-- seeing all that money sitting there doing nothing drives me crazy-- but I understand the motivation. RationalWiki: The first hit is always free ;) > and if the whole process was public there would be too much bikeshedding and pressure on the negotiators. That's a feature, not a bug. Whence this argument that trade negotiations are somehow different from every single other aspect of good governance? For all other mechanisms of government, everyone agrees that transparency is a vital mechanism for preventing corruption, and that whatever inefficiencies it introduces into the system are a necessary evil. Yet somehow free trade agreements operate on a different set of rules; even though time after time it's been shown that this invites boatloads of the exact corruption that government transparency is meant to combat. [source: every TPP/TTIP leak thus far] If you want the "full story", with peer-reviewed sources, about SSRIs, including a true/false on the various assertions that get passed around the Internet often with little justification, I strongly recommend http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/07/ssris-much-more-than-yo... . Scott is both a licensed psychiatrist and a very good rationalist with access to a lot of good data, who doesn't easily fall for Internet misinformation and definitely doesn't gloss over the "complicated bits" about the flaws and methodologies in clinical trials. This post is my go-to source for most discussions about SSRIs. TechCrunch became just another blogspam outfit after Arrington left (or earlier, depending on who you ask). It still has some name recognition, which is why you sometimes see prominent VCs posting editorials there, but it's a shell of what it once was. It used to be a really good source of information but you were right to stop reading it years ago. It's not totally unsubstantiated, Tesla did post this: https://www.teslamotors.com/blog/putting-tesla-hepa-filter-a... . Of course you should have a healthy degree of skepticism regarding tests Tesla did itself and maybe the numbers are massaged a little, but I doubt they'd straight-up lie. It seems like this test would be pretty easy to replicate by an independent source too, if someone wanted to try. Edit: I did not see that there's already an entire HN discussion thread about this post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11617945 which discuss other possible weaknesses. Still, even with the usual HN nitpicking, I think it comes out pretty good. It's very efficient and it's a great solution overall; the only problem is there are only so many dams we can build, since each one requires drowning a valley. You should probably brace yourself for a C&D and/or DMCA takedown request from Apple, regardless of the actual legality of what you're doing. They won't like this. At some point you're going to just have to accept that an upvote/rating system means that the articles on HN are "whatever the HN community wants to see", and no amount of griping or rules lawyering is ever going to change that. HN is a self-selecting population which mostly shares the same interests, and those interests are usually about hacking or IT or entrepreneurship, but not always. The population likes hearing about Tesla, so Tesla articles get front-paged. HN upvotes jokes all the time. As for porn, it would be removed by the moderators the first few times, but if a majority the community decided it really wanted it, it would eventually push back on the moderators and the moderation standards would change (well, or YC would just shut it down). At that point it would be up to you whether you wanted to keep coming here, but at the end of the day there's no real way for a vote-based system to perpetually override what the community wants. In practice it works because we're mostly interested in the same things and mostly agree on what isn't appropriate, but you do get edge cases like this. PhotoDNA has always been free, though it is limited to "qualifying organizations", which I assume means they want to know who you are and how much traffic you plan to send before they give you access. [I've removed this comment since I guess I can't delete it altogether, see my edit below.] I did read that article when Anil first posted it and while I agree with him, it's tough to apply his lessons on a day-to-day basis. You might come across several articles per day, and on each one you have to decide what you want to do about the comments. You could use the opportunity to launch into Anil's manifesto, but most of the time you won't have the time or mental energy for that, and so just leaving without reading the comments is the only real option. Edit: On further reflection, I guess Anil was writing as much or more about the "Don't read the comments" joke itself as about what to do when you come upon a comments section. And in that vein, it's true that my comment is pretty unhelpful. I've deleted it. Apparently they're not doing well. Good riddance. Palantir is creepy as hell. For all the snark about how startups and places like Apple are run like cults, like in The Circle, Palantir is the one outfit I know of where the stereotype is really true. And in the post-Snowden world where we know for sure just how all-devouring the US intelligence's community's desires are regarding our privacy, the last thing we need is Silicon Vally outfits helping them out. Assuming Karp can't right the ship again, I will not be sorry to see them go. I don't believe there were ever a Muslim Leader of the LCC/GLC either, so that's being a bit disingenuous; the implied statement "first Muslim in a primary position of London's government" is still true. No, it depends on a central cabal of Chinese miners. So much better! I'm going to echo all the other commenters: why not put the company out of business? Indeed, doing anything other than that is moral hazard. (Assuming you're referring to the James Pinkstone story referenced in the beginning) Sort of. Pinkstone was telling the truth in that iTunes did delete all his music, but after some follow-up with Apple it was determined that it was a bug and not, as he speculated in the first post, the result of a conspiracy to control what happens to music you already purchased (the Apple CSR was just clueless; which is well within the realm of possibility) That doesn't really matter to this story's context though: the Slate author is complaining that its the general shittiness of iTunes, not any sinister agenda on Apple's part, that is destroying his desire to collect music. This is a pretty serious changelist for a monthly release cadence. I was a big fan of Sublime Text for a while but began looking elsewhere when we went such a long time with no updates. Atom and VSC both seem to release much faster; they're already very good and I can't wait to see where they are in a year or two. As far as I'm concerned, it doesn't work until Scott Aaronson says it works. EDIT: My comment was kind of snarky and curt without much info; I need to be better about that. I did read Scott's post when it was published, and the consensus I got from it is that D-Wave's device achieves a constant-factor speedup, not a quantum one. I just think, with that being generally accepted by all parties now, it's pretty disingenuous to keep calling it a "quantum computer", when it's really a (faster) classical computer that uses quantum mechanical effects. I mean, the Intel chip in my laptop also uses QM effects because the feature size is so small, but nobody calls it a quantum computer. Maybe that's the media's fault though. Are D-Wave/Google themselves still saying "quantum computer"? SECOND EDIT: Rereading Scott's post more carefully, it seems like Google and D-Wave are now calling it a "quantum annealing device" and are more forthcoming about the lack of quantum speedup. So unless they're talking out of both sides of their mouth and still saying "quantum computer" to the popular press to build hype, I guess everyone is a reasonable person after all and it's the media's fault as usual. [Google announces Home, an Echo competitor] This seems cool. Echo is pretty neat but this space could use some competition. ["available later this year"] Ah, so it's doomed. Those four words are a death sentence, particularly from Google's hardware department. This entire keynote just keeps highlighting that one sentence from the end of Maciej's wonderful http://idlewords.com/talks/internet_with_a_human_face.htm "Yesterday ... I realized how long it had been since I looked at a new technology with wonder, instead of an automatic feeling of dread." EDIT: Speaking of Maciej, if you're not already following him on Twitter, today is the day to do that. He's having a field day with this keynote. Move fast and break people. Does anyone here have any experience with one of these in a hilly city? Does it work, or is the utility so compromised that it's no longer worth it? I wouldn't mind one but I'm in Seattle and afraid that our inclines would severely crimp it. Sounds good, although I have something of a weight problem as well and so I bet it would struggle with me. Maybe this can be the reward I promise myself if I manage to actually lose weight. Thanks! It has regenerative braking (see http://boostedboards.com/faq/ towards the bottom of the Product tab) The Chinese maglev projects are white elephants. All they demonstrate is that maglev can kind of work if you have a government willing to write a blank check in order to demonstrate the power of the glorious People's Republic; but this says nothing about their practicality in the rest of the world, where their cost/benefit ratio has to withstand comparison against other technologies. > The Second Avenue subway cost a lot more. This is an apples and oranges comparison. Big construction projects will always cost a lot more in the United States because of high labor costs, getting a plan that is acceptable to all levels of government and other stakeholders, environmental impact studies/minimization, and all those other pesky things that China doesn't have to worry about. You would have to do a comparison with a Chinese rail project to get useful results. What fun! I like the suggestion here for 'kindness' as a good first search, but don't forget to try the inflammatory ones too! "liberals" and "gamergate" seem like fun places to start. - Why the arbitrary 12-character limit? There are so many more controversial phrases yet to try. - I seem to frequently get this error in Chrome when trying to submit: "hivemind.js:62 Uncaught TypeError: arr.map is not a function" Awww, mean old Google API. Why have something like this at all if you can't look up flamebait? I wonder if you could build the same thing with the Twitter API and a quick clustering algorithm. That might even fit the spirit of the application better: Google definitely curates its search suggestions, whereas Twitter posts really are "the hivemind". Still, this is cool. Thanks for sharing! My favorite New Yorker cartoon ever: http://www.condenaststore.com/-sp/Yes-the-planet-got-destroy... "Yes, the planet was destroyed. But for a beautiful moment in time we created a lot of value for shareholders." I'm not very familiar with FileVault, but does it not provide a recovery key when you set it up? (for writing down and stashing in a safe place or backing up to the cloud) Every other FDE scheme I've ever seen does, accompanied by big scary "WRITE THIS DOWN. IF YOU LOSE IT, AND THEN YOUR DISK GETS CORRUPTED, YOUR DATA IS GONE FOREVER" warnings, and with good reason: yeah, if the master key sector is corrupted and you don't have a backup, you're screwed. Ah, that's my misunderstanding then. I always thought the recovery key was the volume master key, for the purposes of guarding against accidents like this. Good to know that's not the case; I think I should go check up on my backup solution now. Did you steal that from the Ars comments, or are you the same guy trying to get cleverness points twice? Sure does make this line in Thiel's Wikipedia page a bit awkward: "The Thiel Foundation is also a supporter of the Committee to Protect Journalists, which promotes the right of journalists to report the news freely without fear of reprisal" Oh, but I'm sure this wasn't reprisal against Gawker (and specifically Valleywag, which was always extremely critical of libertarian VC techbros in general and Thiel in particular), he was just so moved by the plight of a pro wrestler suffering immensely from a leaked sex tape. Look, I'll get out in front of people accusing me of bias and just say it: I've always hated Thiel. I hate his politics, the behavior of several of the companies he founded, and his smarmy "drop out of college!" advice. But even if you don't share my bile, you should be deeply disturbed by the fact that at least one Silicon Valley billionaire is talking about freedom and innovation with one side of this mouth, while using his money to try and destroy insufficiently sycophantic press outlets. We're moving ever-closer to a world where our industry leaders are not very distinguishable from 19th century robber barons (maybe not to you, but increasingly to the general public) (Reposting here since I'm not sure which submission on new is going to "win") Sure does make this line in Thiel's Wikipedia page a bit awkward: "The Thiel Foundation is also a supporter of the Committee to Protect Journalists, which promotes the right of journalists to report the news freely without fear of reprisal" Oh, but I'm sure this wasn't reprisal against Gawker (and specifically Valleywag, which was always extremely critical of libertarian VC techbros in general and Thiel in particular), he was just so moved by the plight of a pro wrestler suffering immensely from a leaked sex tape. Look, I'll get out in front of people accusing me of bias and just say it: I've always hated Thiel. I hate his politics, the behavior of several of the companies he founded, and his smarmy "drop out of college!" advice. But even if you don't share my bile, you should be deeply disturbed by the fact that at least one Silicon Valley billionaire is talking about freedom and innovation with one side of his mouth, while using his money to try and destroy insufficiently sycophantic press outlets. We're moving ever-closer to a world where our industry leaders are not very distinguishable from 19th century robber barons (maybe not to you, but increasingly to the general public) > but Gawker seems to very clearly be in the wrong here That's not really relevant to my point. Even if Gawker was completely wrong to do what they did, why did Thiel pick that case to donate to? Plenty of people file lawsuits just as valid as Hulk Hogan's every day. Or why didn't he file an amicus curiae? This is clearly an attempt to destroy press he has a grudge against, which is alarming even if the specific lawsuit he picked was a valid one and the defendants were "Gawker bloggers". Look at the bigger picture. This is kind of par for the course in non-profit AI research. OpenAI's spiritual parent MIRI also has something of a problem with lots of press releases and credential waving with few impactful papers or research. That sounds a little harsh and I don't really mean in that way. Commercial AI/ML projects, since they have a clear goal they can measure against (play Go, drive a car, get better search results) tend to make meaningful progress that we can see, whereas the more philosophical and research-oriented non-profits don't have a yardstick like that, and probably won't until we have an inkling on how to actually make "strong AI". So this organization will probably seem like vaporware for some time, but hopefully it will prove its worth in the long run. Now we have to hope this doesn't get overturned by a Circuit judge like it did before. Still, this is excellent news. Is it apropos on HN to link to cite one's own comment? I made a comment about this a month or so ago that I think is relevant: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11592455 . Essentially, I think this cash hoarding is motivated by fear, fear of being "disrupted" and becoming the next RIM or Palm or whatever: in a dominant position in year N; dead as a doorknob in year N+3. And this is the toughest kind of fear, because it's perfectly reasonable but can still get pathological when taken too far. To make this clear (because TFA certainly, and probably intentionally, didn't), this is not the same thing as what Thiel is doing. Omidyar and FLM are filing an amicus brief, not donating money. The fact that you even think "totalitarian levels of redistribution" is a cogent concept is a strong indicator that your opinion on this topic isn't worth much. Who said I wanted a debate? Perhaps I'm having a bad morning and simply wanted to vent at the uninformed adolescent libertarianism all too common on HN. In addition to the other replies, I want to point out that a major reason for the tunnel's existence isn't just to reduce travel times, but to provide an alternative way for freight to cross the mountains besides using trucks over the roads, which are dangerous and make a lot more pollution. Even if transit times for passengers don't decrease that much, this will be judged a success if it gets a lot of freight trucks off the road. If you've got a recent-ish smartphone, I would highly recommend getting yourself a Google Cardboard for watching YouTube 360 videos, it really makes it even cooler. Yeah it's "poor man's VR" and certainly not in the same league as things like the Rift/Vive, but it's 15 bucks, so why not? I definitely feel like I've gotten 15 bucks worth of use out of mine, mostly because of videos like this. I always thought Steam Machines were intended to be a hedge, if Microsoft continued down the Windows 8 path of "make everything a Metro tablet app and lock out Win32 games". Since Microsoft did a near-total 180 on that for Windows 10, Steam Machines don't have much of a purpose anymore, but could still be judged a success. You don't call a hedge "failed" if the bad scenario never came to pass; it was good risk management. Red? Not bloody likely. We should be cheering Apple for even using yellow, most of the time when things are on fire we don't even get that. Instead we get "green, with the tiny blue 'i' in the corner". Status pages are a bad joke. > One way to look at this is that people won't feel embarrassed by things they do in public. I've heard this theory before, that once there are no more secrets, we won't be embarrassed by our social missteps anymore, or able to use them to attack others because the attacking party will be equally guilty. I think it's a load of BS. Humans are nasty, shitty little hypocrites: if they have dirt on someone else they'll shout it from the rooftops without caring one whit if they're just as bad. Similarly, the people consuming the gossip won't care one bit if they have equally embarrassing stuff in public, before using that data to pass unalterable moral judgment. Have you ever seen an internet comment section filled with Screaming Moral Outrage at some faux pas, even though most of those commenters are probably worse people? That's what the future is going to be like. Picture a shame mob stamping on a human face, forever. Patent invalidation is executed lazily. If somebody ever challenges Microsoft on this patent, then the prior art from Minority Report could be brought up, but until then it stays on the books. I already knew that Fadell was a jerk, but apparently he's delusional as well. Via http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-03/flying-goo... : "I don’t know why I feel this way, but between working closely with Bill Campbell, working closely with Steve Jobs and watching a lot of my mentors pass on, unfortunately, I feel like I bear this responsibility now. There’s a few of us who are keepers of that knowledge. It’s almost our responsibility to be able to continue that way of thinking, that way of working. Expect excellence, respect excellence, drive hard, change things, don’t accept the status quo, push yourself, push the people on your team harder than they could ever imagine, and they will do more than they could have ever imagined." You gotta love these incompetent execs, who have taken nothing away from Steve Jobs' legacy except "be an asshole". Tony, listen: Steve Jobs succeeded in spite of being a massive douche, because he was a genius who essentially invented new product categories, and made them work really really well. You, on the other hand, stuck networking interfaces in common household appliances, usually making them worse. Your psychopathic treatment of your employees gains you nothing in that case. > demanding a democratic open process would lead to no free trade deals at all Sounds like a win-win. You could, but you won't. Referrals are a great way to lose friends in a hurry, especially with something like cellphone plans where everyone already has one and so the only way to get the referral bonus is to convince someone to switch from their existing plan, (as opposed to brand-new services where they just have to sign if up they find it useful). Ever unfriended a bunch of people on Facebook because they wouldn't stop pestering you to help them out in some stupid game, or about this great nutritional supplement program they wanted you to try? This is kinda neat, and if any friends of mine express independently express interest in switching to T-Mobile, I suppose I'll bring this up and make a little cash (I'm a current customer), but don't think this is going to be a huge deal. I'm sure T-Mobile knows this, and are counting on the nice PR of this announcement as much as its actual effectiveness in signing up new subscribers. I'm not sure what you want Microsoft to do in that case. When a new product (Trello, Slack) appears and it turns out tons of workers and enterprises like it, Microsoft has 3 options: 1. Ignore it, and hope it turns out to be a fad. 2. Buy them and rebrand it 3. Try to launch their own competitor version 1 isn't really an option, and between 2 and 3, I'd rather Microsoft did 3, so we can have more competition. The fact that it's a closed platform and tied in to all their services is just kind of unavoidable; it would be kind of silly of them to launch a new product and not tie it in to O365. > What does it bring to the table that I can't code myself? The ability to create reasonably good-looking cross-platform desktop applications using Node.js. Obviously Electron is not much use to you if you're already experienced in the native development kit of your platform, but if your main expertise is Node.js (which is the case for an increasing number of developers), Electron is quite handy. > It's simple: make computers secure enough that connecting one to the net won't imply being hacked within a few days (minutes in some cases). You remind me of that episode of Star Trek when the crew is trying to figure out how to stop an asteroid impact and Q goes "It's simple! Just change the gravitational constant of the universe". Huh, I did not know until just now that US Cellular owned their own network. I could've sworn that Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint were the only four network owners in America and US Cellular was an MVNO. Guess that says something about either the quality of their network or the quality of their marketing. And as we all know, those don't count because gang members' lives aren't worth anything. It's only a real mass shooting if it was nice white children who died. Only a Sith deals in absolutes! > Linux, please take off. Sorry, no can do. We have to complete the process of breaking everything with systemd, then as soon as that's done rewrite KDE and Gnome from scratch again . > Apple really needs to improve OpenGL support at least. Bump version to 4.4. They should also fix any OpenGL bugs in a timely manner. Not going to happen. Metal is the One True Way now. btrfs was available in the Linux kernel in 2009, but didn't see production release in the tinkerer-friendly distros until 2012 and in an enterprise distro until 2015. These things take time: filesystems need to be absolutely bulletproof, especially in the consumer space where (unlike Linux) most users will have no idea what to do if something goes wrong. I'd say Microsoft is still on schedule. Questions like this are appropriate when discussing voluntary euthanasia for terminal medical conditions (which I am in favor of, for the record). They are not at all relevant in cases like this; where Facebook is trying to aid detection and intervention in cases of mental illness when the suicidal person is (literally) not thinking properly. Nowhere in this discussion is there an implication that suicide is wrong, immoral, or a crime, or that the people should be punished; I don't understand why you're even bringing that up. Not sure what your point is. Are you saying Apple should use this? AFAICT it's still under the CDDL, which is the main reason Apple abandoned the ZFS plans in the first place. It'll be amusing if this creates an arms race where Google ignores more and more autocomplete values, until someone just makes an Apache/nginx extension which just gives them a random value. > was it incompatible by design or simply by incompetent management? "Have you stopped beating your wife?" Seriously, what a dumb question. The answer is "neither": at the time of its release, IE6 was great. It was way better than its only real competition, Netscape 6, which hadn't seen updates in years. Yes, it had bugs, but all software does. If Microsoft had just given it regular updates, it would've been fine. The issue with IE6 was not that it was bad ab initio , it was that Microsoft abandoned development when they felt they had no competition, so it slipped farther and farther behind web standards. I'm not terribly well-versed in stocks and trading, so forgive me if this is an obvious question, but: My broker (Fidelity) charges me something like $7/day/stock to keep a stop order open. Presumably I could accomplish the same thing for free with Trigger. Is there some major difference between a "sell if below X" Trigger and a stop order, or is Fidelity just bilking me? Interesting, I guess I just need a new broker. Amusingly, after I finished my comment I figured I'd log into my Fidelity account (which I hadn't done in a while), and I couldn't because it turns out they don't allow certain characters in their passwords and so the last time I changed my password it silently failed without telling me. Still, Trigger sounds pretty neat even if you do have a non-crappy broker. As soon as HN picks it apart to make sure there are no obvious pitfalls, I'll definitely take a look. The first thing you should do, if you want Silicon Valley to help fight cyberterrorism, is not talk to it via the RAND Corporation. Politically, Silicon Valley is an uneasy truce between liberals and libertarians, and while they don't agree on everything, I think one thing they share is a negative attitude towards the RAND Corporation; perceiving it as the face of the unaccountable military-industrial complex and its close friend, the panopticon surveillance state. Try again. This is fascinating. How do ancaps propose that DRO's will enforce their judgments? With violence? What's to stop the losing party from just gathering a bigger militia and shooting back to prevent collection? I wonder what the most interesting program you can fit in the number of bytes it takes just to represent this class's name is.