I have been using RimuHosting for my own projects and for customers for test deployments for years - so far I have had good experiences with them. They did complain once that I was using too much CPU, but I checked, and found problems (my fault) with a Merb deployment). Use the Apache Benchmark "ab" program, and measure the number of requests per second for your application. It is number of requests per second that should interest you. If you do not have ab installed, try: sudo apt-get install apache2-utils then: man ab I would try to build something like clusty.com, except I would try to identify themes in user search requests and track these for each user over time, using click throughs per user to keep search results on theme. I can't agree with him about organic food health benefits. When you eat industrially raised food (oil based fertilizer) you get a smaller spectrum of minerals, etc. And, as my young grandson once said: "why would anyone want to eat food with bug spray on it?" That said, it is a matter of free choice - my wife and I gladly pay slightly higher prices for locally grown organic food. If not organic, we then at least favor locally grown food. SOAP is so 20th century :-) Seriously, a long time ago I implemented SOAP for a commercial J2EE product, and used SOAP, but I don't use it anymore. Good riddance - REST style is easier to support and use. I just wrote a book for APress on Web 3.0, and my pitch was that it is more about publishing and reusing data. That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can't always pull it off. A subjective rant: I tried to get into Python about 5 years ago - worked through 'Dive Into Python' and used it for several projects. Once I tried Ruby for a few projects, I never looked back: I now only use Python when I need a library that is only available for Python. So, try both for a few small projects and take your pick. BTW, I think that being proficient in just one scripting language is enough. I split my work time between Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java - perhaps not an optimum choice, but flexible enough for most problems that I need to solve. AppEngine is pretty much awesome when you want to reduce web portal hosting costs. I am rewriting/augmenting a Rails web app in JRuby + Sinatra + DataMapper so it will run well on either Java AppEngine or one of my own servers using (C)Ruby. If my project gets a lot of users I would like to keep my costs down. (I usually deploy to Amazon AWS, but if you can live within the AppEngine restrictions, then AppEngine is even cheaper than Amazon.) The ability of receiving email sounds good, but I usually only use this for new account verification - with AppEngine you can just use Google accounts. I tried to convince one customer to use Heroku, and we did for a while, but they ended up paying big $$ to RackSpace. Considering increased admin/engineering time, I have little doubt that they would have been better off paying $500/month to Heroku, rather than RackSpace. Another customer wanted to use Heroku, but we ended up building our own system using multiple EC2s - again, long term the hosting costs will be much less, but the admin/engineering costs especially during development were a large expense. For my own web portal project? I am using AppEngine (code in JRuby+datamapper+Sinara, but I am considering a rewrite in Java because of the superior tool support). I have a small Myers Parrot - he is most of the time pretty cool, although he occasionally de-evolves into a miniature raptor. I usually work out of my home office, and he is usually happy enough sitting on my shoulder while I work. Parrots are not low maintenance though, requiring lots of attention. I took yesterday afternoon off work and my wife and I took my parrot to a local park (Sedona Red Rock Crossing - google it, then click images, you will be glad you did :-) Anyway, my bird was so happy getting a ride in the car (he loves the car) and a few hours in the park, that he will be a "good boy" for a day or two. The point of this little story is: parrots are good pets if you give them lots of attention and don't let them get too bored (they are reasonably intelligent). Use ice and ibuprofen to reduce swelling - once swelling is reduced, things get better. (At least this was my experience.) Bing is not so awful. Actually, I like Bing better than I thought I would; for one thing, the background pictures :-) Also Microsoft is very generous with providing free REST style search and spelling APIs (it took about 2 minutes to write a Ruby client, which I posted here http://markwatson.com/blog/2009/06/ruby-client-for-search-an... ) I am pretty much "anti Microsoft", but I try to not be dogmatic about it :-) I used C++ when I worked on game AI and a few Nintendo U64 games, also for some virtual reality stuff for Disney and SAIC. Right choice for the games, in retrospect probably not for VR. C++ is fine when you need high performance and can live with more expensive development. I wrote this - a little out of date, but hopefully a good and short introduction. What was fun about writing this book was that many Lisp heavy hitters helped out with ideas and corrections. BTW, I am working on another Lisp book, specific to Franz AllegroGraph (RDF, SPARQL, etc.) I plan on releasing a free PDF, with a print book also available. Very cool explanation :-) I have several little writing projects that I distribute, but I chose the Creative Commons 'no commercial use, no derivatives' license because that was what I felt good with. People who create stuff have the right to choose the license. I just had an Apress book published, and the contract gives APress the distribution rights - fine with me since they effectively paid me to write the book: their advances allowed me to have a really good time and spend most of my time writing for 4 months. (I enjoy consulting, but writing is even more fun.) Thanks! You may be over generalizing. I think that it depends a lot on the client. For clients who often try to get more work for their money, I agree. Good clients will offer a little more money for small change orders. And, all that said, this is why I most enjoy working on a time and materials basis. Hello dwiel, I did something sort-of like this about 12 years ago. My wife and I sold our house in San Diego and moved to the mountains in Central Arizona. Definitely lower cost of living. We bought a small, very well insulated house, and except for travel (for fun) and health insurance, our living expenses are very low. We find our fun in hanging with friends, cooking, hiking, etc. Living away from large cities == great life style. Highly recommended. I have to admit that I find more value in just using RDF and RDFS, along with simple to install and admin RDF data stores like Sesame, and perhaps Redland (nice, but does not fully support RDFS inferencing). Something that works for me is always keeping Sesame running (and OpenCyc, but mostly for learning/experimenting - I have never done anything practical with OpenCyc, after years of playing with it) on a server on my LAN at home. If you always have a RDF data store available, then it is easier to use it as an alternative to a relational database, if that is appropriate for a project. Anyway, I like "semantic web 'light'" :-) I spent 2 ours this morning playing with RDS - not really a waste of time since I deploy most of my customer's projects to EC2, etc. Sort-of kicking the tires. Anyway, it is easy to use, and not having to deal yourself with failure recover, managing a EBS volume if you run MySQL yourself, etc. makes it look like a good service once it comes out of beta. A few things: right now, you can't pay a reservation fee to get the really cheap EC2 rates. (Basically RDS is a managed-for-your EC2+EBS.) Also, it would be great if they also support PostgreSQL. I don't really agree with you unless you work for a very large company that has an economy of scale. Think you can compete with AppEngine for cost per computation/bandwidth/storage? Developing for AppEngine is a bit restrictive, and Amazon provides much more flexibility for not too much more money for computation/bandwidth/storage. Also, Amazon associated services like S3 and SimpleDB really are inexpensive for what you get. I used to base my consulting business on deploying customer aps to VPSs or cheap servers. I think that Amazon and Google AppEngine are the future. Well, I think this white paper goes a little overboard, but I might point some customers and potential customers to this PDF anyway. I love Ruby as a language (I have gone from roughly 50% Common Lisp, 50% Java to using Ruby for about 1/2 my projects - all in a 3 year time period). Just a matter of letting go of the desire for great runtime performance :-) My older brother taught me to play when I was 8 years old (a long time ago!) - now I can give him a 9 stone handicap :-) Once, in the late 70s, I got to play the womens world champion when she was in San Diego - awesome experience. Go is a beautiful game, but not for everyone. This looks good, but I have not tried installing and running it. Something similar I have spend some time playing with (no real projects with it yet, though): gem install cassandra cassandra_helper cassandra This installs all of the Java libs required to run Cassandra and provides a nice Ruby client. If I have to use a word processor, then I use Pages for OS X. The full screen mode is nice, and it seems more responsive that OO or Office. IMO, best is LaTex, but some collaborators, publishers, and customers don't like it. The advantage of LaTex is that you can spend more time writing and less time worrying about styling and formatting. I don't think that I have ever seen their web site down, but in the last 3 months (or so), a few times my robots stopped getting event notifications for brief periods of time. But, hey, the system is in beta. I'm pretty much enthusiastic about Wave: I'm writing a DevX article right now on Wave robot programming, and I have a business idea using the Wave platform that I want to try out. That is a strong statement, and not true for everyone, so I would vote for it not being necessary to know Java. Until about 3 years ago, I used Common Lisp and Java each roughly 40% in my work (I still think that if you search for "Java consultant" I am the number 1 Google hit :-) However, after I started using Ruby, I have transitioned to using Ruby for most of my work. Ruby is great because it provides most of the advantages of Lisp except for the fantastic run time performance (natively compiled Common Lisp is fast!). However, for many (at least web) applications, bottlenecks tend to be stuff like session handling across multiple servers, database access, dealing with network partitioning and server failure, etc. One problem with Lisp is the lack of a super rich ecology of libraries. Lots of great stuff is available for Lisp, but still weak compared to Ruby, Java, Python, etc. I'm rewriting a customers app right now because we learned what we needed to learn with a small Common Lisp prototype, and are now doing a hopefully final Ruby + Rails rich UI web portal (it is so much easier to write a rich web UI in Rails that in Lisp-based alternatives). I would advise concentrating on one language and platform, and only spend perhaps 5 to 10 hours a week (an evening and some weekend time) learning new languages and frameworks. BTW, feel free to substitute Python for Ruby, in my advice to your students - pick a primary language based on which you enjoy using the most. Also, Java as your primary language is fine also, if that suits you. I've had a difficult time getting into either Clojure or Scala - bought a book on each, and had fun playing, but neither language felt great to me. I am stuck on (J)Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java when I need it. BTW, Kenny is about as close to a "pure Common Lisp" purist as you can get. I worked with him for about half a year - cool guy,and very much focused on Lisp. Amazon gave me the equivalent of 10,000 free hours on a small EC2 instance when I was working on my last book. I used a few hours of this to prepare a custom AMI with all of the examples in my book set up with Ubuntu and all required infrastructure. I'll be able to keep updated book example AMIs in S3 forever now without it costing me any money out of pocket. I also used some of this free time to do a 4 day machine learning run on all current English Wikipedia articles. I will always create an AMI for all of my future books - awesome for readers to be able to have everything all set up. Also, they can clone my AMI, and have a fast start to deploying anything in my book that they want to use for their own projects. For Amazon, this seems like viral marketing at its best :-) I think that it was very savvy of Amazon to do this because I ended up writing a lot of material in the book on using Amazon AWS (Elastic MapReduce, S3, etc.). I now spend lots of time experimenting and blogging about AWS, and I ask my customers to host on AWS because I am now so used to using it. I used to host customer work on VPSs or cheap dedicated servers, but now Amazon is definitely my deployment platform first choice and recommendation. (BTW, I host some of my own stuff on AppEngine because it is even cheaper, but the extra effort of dealing with AppEngine makes it not as attractive for customer projects.) If most app time is spent in database calls, or network, etc., then Ruby and JRuby are definitely fast enough. For some work, the order of magnitude faster performance of natively compiled Lisp, or Java is required, and in those few cases, I will not use Ruby. That was a good writeup. I use screen so often, that I don't think much about it, so this article was a good refresher. A little off topic, but: I should spend about 5% of the time I devote to exploring new programming languages to revisiting command shortcuts, etc. for tools like Emacs, Idea, Rubymine, Eclipse, etc. A few days ago, I set up Emacs for Rails development (involved learning a bunch of new keyboard shortcuts) - now depending on what aspects of a project I am working on, I use either Rubymine or Emacs (or TextMate if I have my MacBook booted to OS X) Fairly good search results, except for one thing: it seemed to me that the highest ranked results tended to be "aggregation sites" that contain links to the original material. I prefer to be pointed to the original sites. This comment is based on only 5 minutes of experimenting, but is hopefully fair. No. However, I am more optimistic than I was a year ago. I think that here in the USA our economy will (hopefully, slowly) settle downwards over the next decade - I don't think it will fall off a cliff. Slow adjustments are good because people have a chance to adjust their lifestyles and expectations. My wife and I don't buy anything on credit, including property, cars, etc. We save first, then buy - a smart way to live (I think) because it avoids a life time of making interest payments at the small cost of having to wait a while before making large purchases. Having a modest life style also helps :-) It seems like most of our whole country has gone crazy living on credit. There are a few technical bloggers I follow that I might watch a few 'at work' screencasts. However, I think I prefer the polished type of screencast where, for example, someone shows good use of Emacs + Slime working with a remote server (just an example :-) This is more complicated than you may think. For example, if you live in the USA, how do you estimate the dollar's fall in value over the next 10 to 20 years? Also, here in the USA, our government (for very good reasons) underestimates inflation. In the last decade, stuff like the cost of food, medical expenses, and housing have been removed or diminished in the inflation rate calculations. Stuff like the drop in consumer electronics is factored into this calculation with a strong weighting factor. Nice writeup. I also spent a few hours kicking the tires of RDS the first day it was released. I use Amazon AWS a lot for both customer work and my own projects. The two things I most want to see are continued improvements to cloud watch and better proxy support for failover. blank - clean screen, clean mind :-) Thanks rbanffy - that is my read of the AGPL also. I suppose that if there were a problem, then MongoDB would not be as popular :-) I haven't yet used Rackspace cloud services, but from reading the documentation, I do like that they integrate a persistent file system with compute units (whatever they call them). Compare with EC2 and separate EBS volumes: I used to spend a lot of time with EC2 deployments dealing with attaching EBS volumes, then starting services that required the EBS volumes (though I finally got this down pat). S3 is fairly much awesome. Has anyone here ever lost data in S3 (not counting human/admin errors)? I've twice had issues with EBS volumes, but never with S3. Also, at least for my applications, S3 is so cheap. Anyway, I may get bit by this someday, but I infrequently back up what I keep in S3. Well, I liked the article - I have worked through the real world haskell book just enough to sort-of understand this article :-) That said, I gave up on Haskell. I spend a lot of time semi-learning languages because it is fun. But, for practicality, I really concentrate on knowing just Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java very well. Striking a good balance between practicality and having fun is not so easy to do. My antivirus is that I usually boot my MacBook to Ubuntu. For both Ubuntu and OS X I stay up to date with security updates. And hope for the best. Sorry if this is off topic because it is a command line solution: zip -9 -r -e foo.zip foo/ The -e argument will cause zip to ask for a password. That said, I usually create a normal ZIP file, then use GPG to encrypt it and make sure clients have my public key. I use Hadoop with custom map/reduce apps, but I am just experimenting a little with Pig, and playing with Hive is on my to-do list. I may change my mind on this, but I find the map/reduce model to be easy to work with, and development/debugging is fairly quick and easy running a single development Hadoop node. BTW, I don't view Hadoop as only being useful for very large datasets. It seems reasonable to build automated Hadoop processing into a new application that has smaller data size requirements. You don't give up much in performance, and the extra development time is reasonable. Then you have lots of flexibility for scaling up. Also, if you only have sporadic needs to process large data sets, using Elastic MapReduce is very cost effective. I have been an independent consultant for 12 years. I have a master services agreement/NDA that has slowly evolved over time, often adding something to get a gig. Feel free to use mine ( http://markwatson.com/consulting/nda.htm ) but if you improve it, please share your changes back with me. After just re-reading my own doc, it is probably too long. It used to be about half this length. You make a very good point: definitely cross out and initial parts of a customer's agreement that you are uncomfortable with. Once I had the president of a company (new client) tell me how much he appreciated me haggling a bit. This guy was a lawyer and told me he was surprised by how often people just sign stuff. Anyway, his telling me this after the fact made me feel much better about haggling in the future. Just an opinion, but my wife and I both like Heifer Project, and I also like afsc.org/ Nice writeup. My current favorite is MongoDB (I blogged a few days ago on an easy way to index and search text in MongoDB docs), but I still also use CouchDB (and covered CouchDB in my last APress book). I have played a little with Tokyo Cabinet/Tyrant but find it a little too 'low level' - would probably be great if you only need a fast hash. Cassandra is also worth a good look: if you are a Ruby developer, the Cassandra gem can auto-install all of Cassandra and manage it for you - very elegant, really. I admit that one reason I like MongoDB is that it is so simple to use, and the documentation is good. I can't answer your question from personal experience because I always just use plain old EBS volumes with my EC2s. That said, here is a good writeup on RAID use with EBS by someone at Heroku: http://orion.heroku.com/past/2009/7/29/io_performance_on_ebs... I think that most developers have a "personal server" (or two!) I keep MongoDB, CouchDB, Sesame, PostgreSQL+PostGIS, etc. "always on" for my personal and research projects - keeping my stuff separate and using customer's VPSs or EC2 instances, etc. for their work. Would I want to have all of this stuff running all the time on my laptop? I don't think so. I used to keep at least one server running on our home network but now I mostly use a really cheap VPS, and a small "3 year pay in advance" EC2 instance. Running a server or two in my house is something that I only do for special needs. Anyway, I live with the network latency hit for the convenience of (usually) not having to run servers in my home. Hello Drusneko, re: "Sure, your content may disappear if the startup goes offline" good point. I mirror my Google Docs (in case Google goes belly up :-) and online pictures. For "personal servers", S3 is very cheap for backing up information (static web pages, data stores), and a once a week or once a month cron job does the trick. Anyway, good point on backups. I don't know Don Dodge, but he seems to be a very cool guy, and the tone of his microsoft-fu (get the joke :-) seemed just right. I offer a 12.5% discount for customers who use 'express service' which basically means that they agree to pay within 7 days of invoice and agree to use my simple NDA/contract and not use up my time doing contract negotiation. If they don't pay on time, they lose the discount. I've been lucky: only one no-pay in 12 years, and that was for about an hour of work on what was originally a half day estimate (the "customer" sincerely thanked, but said that it was not worth his trouble to pay a tiny one hour invoice). I just let it slide, but in retrospect, I wish that I had re-submitted the invoice. Great writeup. I use CouchDB behind nginx anyway for simple authentication so I'll have to try this. The only problem is "continuous replication currently does not survive server restart" - that is not so good. OK, apparently this is not such a problem; from the book: "At the time of writing, CouchDB doesn’t remember continuous replications over a server restart. For the time being, you are required to trigger them again, when you restart CouchDB." So, put something in /etc/rc.local for each server to start the replication again. Although I do all of my deployments on Linux, so MacRuby is not so useful to me, I still think that this is an exciting project: LVM compiler technology, potential for good runtime performance compared to other Ruby implementations, and a really nice interface for writing native Mac applications. If I had to write a Mac app, MacRuby and HotCocoa look great. Interesting. Sort of like Heroku with "instant install", no admin. I don't touch .Net with a 10 foot pole (yeah, letting my M$crosoft biases show), but this does look cool. I have mostly worked from home for the last 12 years. There is a real trick to it: identify projects that are mostly self contained with well defined deliverables; avoid projects that require tight coupling with the activities of other workers. The biggest drawback is missing the fun of 'white board time' but adequate time on the telephone (or Skype for video) helps. The advantages mostly involve being able to schedule work time for when you are feeling (and being) most productive. The ability to take a break (even if it is only doing 20 minutes of yard work, running an errand, playing a musical instrument for a few minutes, talk with family and neighbors) is often just the thing to later help get into a good work flow. A great article! It made me realize that I need to be much more careful in setting up restrictions for PostgreSQL users (i.e., client applications). I think I'll wait until a VirtualBox pre-built image is available. I did recently go to the trouble of building the open source edition of the IntelliJ IDEA IDE, but since I have no interest in hacking on Chromium OS, this looks like a major time sink. I have used RimuHosting for years to host both my and customers JSP ('J2EE lite') web apps. Great service. I still use Rimuhosting for low volume and testing, but for more capacity it is hard to beat EC2 as a general purpose platform, especially if you need (or can effectively use) SQS, EBS, S3, etc. It would be difficult, I think, to WFH if you lived alone. Except for doing charity work, my wife is usually at home, but does not interrupt me while I am working. Having friendly neighbors and friends who live near by is good also. I used to work exclusively in my home office, but transitioned to also working in other rooms, and sometimes on our deck. I think that I take a productivity hit doing this, but it is fun to mix it up re: working environment. I think he nailed it: more of a competition for developer support. TextMate and RubyMine (Ruby and Rails), Eclipse (AppEngine, Wave robot dev), IntelliJ (Java), AquaEmacs and SBCL/Franz/Gambit-C (Common Lisp and Scheme). For documentation/writing: OmniGraffle and Latex (and sometimes Page or OpenOffice.org) I'm writing an article for DevX as we speak for Heroku deployments. I think that Heroku is a good alternative for some applications where saving money by managing your own EC2s is offset by decreased development and admin costs. I'm also writing about Heroku deployments that use remote CouchDB or MongoDB services. I like his response. re: Wave itself: I am more enthusiastic about Wave as a platform (custom robots for back end processing, gadgets) for software development. My wife and I sort of did this. We owned a great house near the beach in California and had "regular" jobs. We moved to the mountains in central Arizona (Sedona), she stopped working and I write and do some software development work. The trick was cutting expenses: less expensive area to live, bought a much smaller (and well insulated) home, and get our joy not from buying material crap but rather from cooking, hiking, hanging with friends and family. It is all about deciding what is important to you in life. I wish they had released this new feature a year ago - it would have saved me a lot of effort setting up both customers and my EC2 backed applications. I'll use this in the future, and I will convert my own permanent EC2 instance. There is a bit of trickery that I had to learn to auto mount EBS volumes when my AMIs start up - some Ruby scripting code I probably won't have to use anymore. I agree. I do use Chef and Capistrano to automate creating AMIs, but then I like to just save the AMIs and boot from them. Also, creating a new AMI from an old one is quick and easy. As a long time Microsoft detractor, I must admit that Bing has a few things that I like: 1. instant view popups 2. free search and spelling APIs for developers. I wrote a web blog showing how to use these services in just a few lines of Ruby code. and, free is good 3. daily pictures :-) I understand where you are coming from re: privacy issues, but aren't you also missing some real value? I check Facebook 2 or 3 times a week to see what family and friends have been doing. With Twitter, I follow people into the same technologies that I am interested in, and I get a lot of interesting links. re: gmail: I have never bought anything from a sponsored search link, but I do occasionally buy things from advertisement links on my email - also, sometimes I get an email from a customer asking me to help them with a problem and a useful link is on the right side of the customer email. Sure, privacy issues are huge, but I think that people need to make a personal calculation of benefits vs. potential problems. Really nice article. Knowledge as an industry must mostly play a supportive role to the physical world of oil, food production, building and maintaining infrastructure, etc. Most people probably don't like to think about this, but at least in the USA we are looking at a major transformation in our society. IMO, either our government will go bankrupt or inflate the value of the dollar towards zero. This economic trend will certainly force us (eventually) to take a hard look on IT spending, military spending, etc. to evaluate what value we get for spent resources. I also expect our society to decentralize as unemployed/under-employed get involved in local food production, etc. The future does not frighten me, and will probably be very interesting to live through, but things will change a lot in the next ten years. A few are, but in general I like two types of blogs: 1. how-to articles that solve specific development problems I have run into 2. thought-articles that expose me to a different point of view, even if I don't entirely agree with it I have enjoyed screencasts on slime+emacs use and some rails stuff. It seems to me that many (most?) people I know just can not cope with the truth about our economy, but there is some real nervousness. I have had friends who have lost over 50% of their retirement funds in the last two years - they tend to be more realists than other friends and family members who get (or will get) government pensions. The pensioners tend to have faith in the US and local governments that seems to me to be outside the bounds of clear thought and common sense. I may be over simplifying this, but I think that in addition to the obvious greed and avarice of the elites, that we have a basic problem with fear. Fear can keep a society from making sacrifices now rather than postponing the pain and making the future more difficult. I think that the next ten years will be interesting to live through (in negative and in positive ways) but facing problems head on seems like a better approach to what our leaders are doing now. I hear you. I am still a "google fan," specifically I have a business idea I want to implement on top of Wave, and I plan on continuing using GMail. That said, I switched my default Firefox search to Clusty yesterday. This morning, I searched for a vendor of old Rudger Mark II magazines/clips. I clicked on a paid link, and ended up spending a fair amount of money. Clusty got a profit slice that Google would have got if their privacy issues had not caught my attention. The sci-fi author David Brin (a cool guy, BTW) advocates for no privacy as long as everyone has an equal amount of "non privacy" - the problem as I see it is the corporations, who profit by knowing everything about you via discount cards at supermarkets, the web, etc. I'll stop complaining when we have the ability to know private corporate details, have congress people have to wear Nascar-like advertisements on their clothes, etc. I have had 3 customers have me use github, and that works fine. For my own stuff, I prefer using one of my own servers. I bet that he wishes he could roll-back that comment! I think that most non-tech people would be very surprised if they realized how much personal data our corporate overlords have collected. I know where this guy is coming from: I get a few proposals a year from potential customers to do projects for them that I consider to have a very low chance of business success. I clearly state my reservations and try to make helpful suggestions. If they still want to do the project, I try to talk them into a small first-stage project. Chris: never use automatic memory management? The only time I have, after the fact, thought it worthwhile using C/C++ was some Nintendo game development. Well worth the effort to lower memory footprint and get good runtime performance. Everything else I have done, in hindsight, would have been better done in a language with automatic GC. Fortunately for me, SAIC bought me a Lisp machine in 1982 and since then I have been able to do a lot of my work in Lisp, Prolog, Ruby, and Java :-) Good article and quantified my own take, making me feel justified for setting up RAID0. Lately, I have spent 5 to 10 hours a week doing setup/experiments on EC2 + EBS (about half on customer projects, and about half for my own stuff). I expect (hope!) that this time spent per week will decrease drastically since although I have been having a lot of fun, this is time spent not doing development. I continue to be a big fan of Heroku because it saves me so much time, but I have been having limited success getting customers to go with Heroku - they seem to want to pay for custom EC2 setups. BTW, one huge advantage of running on EC2 is that it is so easy to run an old version of a system to test against. I moved my own reserved instance from booting on an ephemeral drive (out of S3) to booting off of EBS. I only deployed what I currently need, and will always have the old version around to test against, check a bootup script, etc. I have a beta account but I have not yet used it very much because I have CouchDB running on two of my own servers, and usually on my laptop. Except for not really being able to do ad-hoc queries (you write map/reduce view functions which create indices) I like CouchDB. That said, I use MongoDB a little more frequently because it is easier for me to use. What I really like about CouchDB is the way it uses REST and JSON. I use Ruby clients, and sometimes I prefer to just use simplehttp and json gems, and do everything low level because it feels natural. I wrote 2 Springer-Verlag Lisp books in ancient times, and have about 25 years of Lisp experience. That said, Ruby has mostly replaced Lisp in my toolbox. When I do use a Lisp family language, it is most often Gambit-C Scheme to build small standalone executables - and sometimes Franz or SBCL Common Lisp. BTW, I consider Python and Ruby to be fairly interchangable - use whichever you like best. Both are great languages with great libraries and supporting open source projects. I used to worry more about good runtime performance. Now I prefer to use a language that is easier and faster to use in development. re: pluses and minuses: Lisp: + better interactive development style; I'll keep a Lisp repla open most of the day. For Ruby, irb is not something that I live in. + really great runtime perfromance - not as many libraries for web frameworks, database, etc. Ruby: + very concise and fun to develop with + many great libraries and frameworks - poor runtime performance You are right about writing: it shows you what you don't yet thoroughly understand and need to think about some more. I find that some good books take a very long time for me to read because I need to stop and mull over what I am reading. Case in point: I just finished a short Joseph Campbell book ("Pathways to Bliss"): I would literally stop every paragraph or two and reflect on how the material was relevant to my own life, about my own 'myth,' etc. It took me a month to work through this short book. Not to mention nice add-ons like PostGIS. MySQL is simpler to set up in master-slave configurations, but except for that, PostgreSQL is almost always my choice. I must admit that I usually think that whatever projects that I happen to be working on are: most fun, most interesting, etc. Same comment applies to programming languages, tools, and frameworks. This is a reflection of a simple fact of life: whatever we think hard about and generally mull over, becomes very interesting. That said, I am likely to be using Lisp a lot next year: I have a partially written book on Franz AllegroGraph that the people at Franz suggested that I put on hold until their new version 4 is released. The free version of AllegroGraph is awesome (supports 50 million RDF triples, and easily used from Lisp, Java, Ruby, Python, etc. clients). The $$ version scales very well to huge data sets. Thanks to whoever added the 2001 date to my submission - I'll remember to do that next time. The history of Javascript is a history of accidents :-) Javascript is one language that I wish I new better. I can code in Javascript, but I need references handy to help me remember how to do things. I tend to just remember the basics required to write CouchDB view functions and simple web related tasks. However, nice tools like Rails AJAX helpers, couch-potato (generates CouchDB views from Ruby) and other tools pretty much make it possible to not spend too much time dealing with Javascript. Regardess of technical merit, Javascript is used on a wide scale and its use will I think keep increasing. The popup dialog box was fine. It would have been better though to have more of the defaults tuned to more privacy enhancing options. Facebook is cool, though, and I check my home page a couple of times a week. That said, Facebook is more interesting as an application delivery platform, and their third party developer support seems to be pretty good. Good article. I get a lot of interesting information from following a small number of technical blogs of people I know (usually just through years of email contact) and trust. That is how I get valuable/interesting things to read. (I also use twitter for this purpose.) Redit (hint: strong customize the 'My Redit' lists you subscribe to narrow things down to your particular interests) and Hacker News are also pretty good if you stick to the first few pages of up-voted links. re: search engines: one of my primary uses for web search is pasting in error messages from server build errors, runtime errors, etc. Also, for quickly looking up an API I can't quite remember. A very different process than using search to find fun stuff to read. Nice article. I especially like the attitude of the author: "One barrier I have encountered is that there is a bias against BI efforts that require 'programming.'" That is a good list! Good idea "using SimpleDB for dumping a lot of important metrics data" and reminded me to install webrat, which I just did (people at a Merb Camp were raving about webrat) and from the github doc page, it looks like a good and easy way to sanity check that web apps are not broken. You might want to experiment for an hour or so with DrScheme/MzScheme: lots of good libraries for web app development -- same comment applies to Chicken Scheme. My favorite Scheme is Gambit-C which has fewer libraries but if you install from source, then look in the examples directory for a simple HTTP server example. That said, DrScheme would be a fast way to evaluate Scheme for your purposes. Common sense and obvious. In the 1980s I worked on a large DARPA project where a huge hit was taken because our admins never tried to restore from backups. It is the kind of lesson that is (hopefully) learned with just one bad experience. This is another reason why I like EC2 deployments: it is fairly easy to take your backups (automated deployment scripts, application, data) and spin up another copy of your whole system (except for flipping the DNS). Make sure those EBS-backed EC2 AMIs are really bootable and functioning :-) Nice presentation! Sorry that this is little off topic, but: MongoDB is released under the AGPL. As a MongoDB user, I have been fine with this because I always use mongodb as-is as a service, and will probably never want to modify it. Question though: why is it a big deal that MySQL be available with commercial licenses as long as it is used as a service, and there are non-GPL client libraries available? I asked this question before, but did not receive very many replies. The bruhaha over the Oracle Sun acquisition made me think more about this. Good questions. I would think that if they are making money with AWS then they will keep buying more servers. I usually trust S3 for backups and restores but periodically back my own data off of AWS to local storage. I expect both Amazon and Google infrastructure services to experience outages from time to time. However, they have far more resources and expertise than I do to provide scalable services for a low cost. Anyone tried this? In the 1980s, the Coral Common Lisp system (precursor to Macintosh Common Lisp, which this IDE is derived from) was a gift from heaven. It was so good that after I ported the ISI Grapher to CCL, I immediately gave my old Lisp Machine to someone else at SAIC who wanted it. I'm downloading MCLIDE now, but it would be good to hear some reviews before I take the time to set it up. For me the issue is that Emacs + either SLIME or the Scheme minor mode is very good for development. I just tried it with Clozure CL. Seems to work fine, but I am going to stick with Emacs+SLIME with colored fonts, etc. My mistake, there is a plugin for colored/styled fonts. Also, as someone kindly pointed out in an email: http://www.clairvaux.org/ColorCoded.html As a Linux user since 1992, Ubuntu is my favorite distro, out of many great distros. Mark Shuttleworth has really done the whole world a great service, definitely someone who has given something back to the world. I use Ubuntu on all of my servers, most of my customers' deployments, and boot it on my MacBook. I hope that Shuttleworth keeps putting a lot of energy into promoting Ubuntu. The directions say to set export MYSQL_CONNECTOR_JAR= to location of a mysql client jar -- you see this error message if you don't do this. Awesome, following the directions, it took just a few minutes to get a local copy running. I used to run my own online word processor, written about 6 years ago for my own use, but a few thousand people signed up to try it. It is tempting to run an EtherPad instance for my business clients, and another one for my friends and family. That said, eventually I think that Wave will be awesome so sticking to that makes the most sense. Investing a lot of time to get into the EtherPad codebase seems like a slippery slope to non-productivity. Right now, on my MacBook, the RSIZE is 204M. Not too much memory. Two years ago, one of my customers sent me a 30 pound coffee table book of Leonardo da Vinci's complete works of art and biography. A bit off topic, but: I like the way you get redundancy with Amazon: Elastic Load Balancing can proxy traffic to multiple availability zones. That said, Amazon AWS have had outages this year - goes with the business. MongoDB really is simple to use. Unlike CouchDB, you can make adhoc queries without defining map/reduce functions. In MongoDB, array elements are indexed so searching for words, tags, etc. is easy. The Ruby client support is excellent. Casandra is really easy to set up (installing the cassandra gem, then doing 'cassandra_helper cassandra' installs all cassandra dependencies). But Casandra requires a lot of application specific configuration. I always leave MongoDB running on my MacBook and two of my servers so it is ready at hand. That was a great conference report, and of interest since (when I code in CL) I use SBLC more often than Franz or Clozure. The SBCL developers are also very helpful (a few years ago, I got a very large memory patch for a customer's server in a few hours). It would be great if some videos show up of the presentations. I realize that someone has to do a lot of work editing and pushing video, but it is a real service to the community, and in general, conference videos are great and much appreciated. Wow, that brought back some memories. I wrote a commercial app for the Mac in 1984/85 but I had forgot how the original Mac screen looked. I have done some JRuby + Sinatra coding for AppEngine in the last 6 months, but I keep running into problems that I simply don't have when I use Java. I worked through the linked article several days ago and hit errors (at least on my dev system) near the end. I started converting an app to JRuby + Sinatra several months ago, and things were mostly working, but I ran into enough problems to postpone the project. I can be patient. That said, I expect the JRuby support to keep getting better, and I hope that soon I can mostly switch to JRuby. I prepayed for a 3 year reservation for a small Amazon EC2 instance and I am very happy with that decision because I frequently deploy customer projects to AWS, and any experience from my own projects is a big help. I also permanently rent a small VPS from RimuHosting. I like their customer service and their low costs. And, the elephant in the room is Google AppEngine. I have several deployed apps and an effective price of free is difficult to beat. Surprisingly (to me) I have had no customer interest in deploying to AppEngine. I have had ongoing problems using JRuby+Sinatra on AppEngine, but the Java support is fairly much hassle free. That was a good article! I would not worry about how fast WebSockets catch on with the general public: even if in 6 months only a small percentage of web users have a browser that supports WS by default, that is still a lot of potential users. Really, a great looking technology. That looks pretty good. A great way to learn a new language: write something useful. Neat - I just tried it. I am fairly much "in like" with both activerecord and datamapper, but Friendly is cool. I wonder how much work it would take to support PostgreSQL. Friendly looks especially good in MySQL shops - otherwise I would suggest taking a good look at MongoDB (or Redis, CouchDB, Cassandra, etc.) Cool, thanks for the tip. I have been occasionally building Rails 3 and trying it - can't wait to switch work projects (probably do this a month after official release). There is obviously a lot of talent on the rails dev team and it shows with the willingness to keep improving the architecture. Yeah, this article is probably much more accurate than what you see on the corporate news media. Fortunately for our 'masters', there are always news stories about terrorism, etc. that they can use to keep public consciousness off of higher importance things like the economy. I got out of the stock market 2 years ago, started easing back in about 9 months ago, and now I want to get back out. I enjoyed reading the article but don't really agree with quite a bit of it. I do agree that single individuals or very small teams most often make great breakthroughs, and that languages like Java do yield more "fungibilty." I don't really agree with the Lisp-centric discussion because I have worked with many fine programmers who used several different languages. The right person makes a bigger impact than language selection. As far as productivity goes, building a web portal in rails is far faster than using Lisp, and in my opinion will yield more maintainable code. That said, I am using Common Lisp a lot right now because I am working on a book about AllegroGraph. (BTW, one good "home" for Lisp is back end services.) In 1982 the CEO and Treasurer of my company (SAIC) bought me a Xerox 1108 - definitely a great box, especially because it was back in 1982. Lisp purists will probably slam me for this (with adequate justification) but I prefer the modern Lisp ecosystem with: * both free/open source and commercial Lisp environments * free deployment using open source systems like SBCL, etc. (In ancient history, I only used my 1108 for marketing prototypes and research because there was no reasonably priced deployment strategy) * when I do want a persistent heap setup, I use SBCL and dump new images as I work. I don't often use this mode unless I have a lot of data that I am using over a long period of time - otherwise reloading source at the beginning of each work session is OK. * emacs + slime is a good environment If you want image based development, I would suggest that you try Squeak Smalltalk (liberal open source license) or Cincom Smalltalk (modest cost, good support and features, and a good deployment strategy). I think that using Cincom is totally free until you start making money with it. I have a system that works well for me, basically separating small test/experimental bits of code from code for customer projects. I'll talk about the layout of book code later. I keep small test/experimental bits of code in sub-directories of top level directories labeled Java_stuff, Lisp_stuff, Scheme_stuff, Ruby_stuff, Python_stuff, etc. Each test/experiment is in a well named sub-directory. These small experiments are useful for both learning and for later reuse on real projects. I keep each active customer project in a directory with sub-directories for documentation, code, and test data. For work on books: similar to customer projects: sub-directories for source code, for figure files (OmniGraffle and exported vector PDF files), for code examples, and for Latex (or OpenOffice if I can't use Latex). I also keep a temp directory for downloading, building, running, and perusing source code for projects that I read about on the web. I periodically delete stuff in temp that is older than a few weeks old. Finally, not specifically for code: I use Google documents to make copious deployment notes which I use for reference for future projects. """Some of these sub-directories are actually symlinks to encrypted DMGs, again depending on who owns the IP.""" That is how I handle customer proprietary data also for customers who want their work encrypted. BTW, I also use git for almost all of the materials in the parent comment. I use a very small managed VPS for my git repositories. For extra backup (in addition to git remote repositories): I have a script that mounts a EBS volume on my always running EC2 instance, does an rsync to the EBS volume of almost everything but decrypted sensitive files, and then unmounts the EBS volume. EBS volumes are reasonably reliable. I don't read uninteresting material and I don't need to because I only accept work in a few very narrow technical areas that I am really interested in. For reading: I need a quiet place because interruptions really ruin my comprehension. Also: I find reading other people's code to be almost as good as reading well written books. I've been doing this for about 30 years - a good habit, if you enjoy it. That was a good article, not only for investing strategies, but also had a few good tech business ideas - very appropriate for HN. Zed made some good points. I also like simplicity in designs (and make things more complicated by refactoring if the need ever arises). That is one thing I like about Ruby: it is so simple and concise to do things that are not simle and concise in other languages - this makes code look simple and thus easy to read. Nice writeup, and useful. I just did a git clone and looked through the project. I used to do web app development in Lisp and I found having a skeleton project to start with with all ASDF installs local helped me get started - in the future I am likely to toss my old skeleton project and use this one. Cool, I just upgraded. A long while ago, I used to use Rich Hickey's very nice LispWorks to Java bridge. I have tried getting into Clojure a few times in the past, but I kept going back to Common Lisp, Ruby, and Java. That said, I have in the last week given Clojure some real experimentation time: set up an IntelliJ (good for Clojure and Scala) project with little examples for using PostgreSQL, embedded Sesame RDF data store, accessing CouchDB and MongoDB, and a lot of other small bits of code that are requirements for common work tasks. One possibly great thing about Clojure is that it could be effective for just about everything that I do except web apps (I like Rails :-) The downside of Clojure is that there is a solid amount of work in Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java. I am not at all sure if customers would want me to use it. I just blogged on my predictions for the hot tech for 2010: wireless, analytics, modeling, data/text mining, micro business development with small very focused charge for use web apps, Linked Data, etc. The thing is, choose something that is fascinating for you, otherwise you probably don't have as much chance for success. I would suggest going with what most interests you. A subset of the SW, Linked Data, seems to be gathering some momentum. I still think that we are going to hit an inflection point where there is enough linked data to enable great apps, which will drive more people to publish linked data. In this case, the uptake could accelerate rapidly. OTOH, you might be right. I like RDF+RDFS but OWL, while interesting, seems very heavy weight to me. ACTA is just more evidence of the excessive control that corporations/new world order want to exert over individual communication. I've written 16 published books and I have never lost a moments sleep from worrying about being ripped off by piracy. There is a little concept called 'the public good' that to me means that people who create content want both to make a little money and to help people. BTW, there are worse problems in the world than ACTA, but ACTA is pretty bad. Wow, please don't take this badly, but: if you don't have a few prototypes, how can you really know what works and what doesn't for your general ideas? Definitely, build a few experimental systems and get feedback from them. With frameworks like Rails and Django, the cost of prototyping is small. I have an idea similar to yours: in the far future, software will be ancient, largely bug free, and not be changed much over the centuries. Information management software will evolve to a high degree of utility and then remain static because why change bug free software that works perfectly. Operating systems may be easily themed, but there will be no need to change the core that works and has finally become bug free over centuries of infrequent bug fixes. Think of Asimov's "Spacers" society. What we think of programming will evolve into using incredible high level scripting languages and frameworks. Programs will be very short. I hope you are correct. I still boot my MacBook to OS X sometimes, but universal use of Linux in the cloud, private servers, and on the desktop will lead to lowering computing costs and produce more solid software. re: Lisp: that would be nice :-) re: singularity: a friend and sometimes colleague who is one of the most far thinking and creative AI people I know is likely to move to China because of their willingness to fund long term AI research. I have a gut feeling that Roger Penrose may be correct that conventional computers may be incapable of consciousness but, quantum computing may take care of that. I'm in my 50s. I do some similar exercises: putting shoes on in reverse order, play a Wii sports game left handed instead of right handed, etc. Also, about 1/2 of my friends very much disagree with me on politics/economy (I have some very liberal and very conservative friends who, for example, don't like it when I slam, respectively, Obama or Bush). I spend a good 10+ hours a week learning new tech. My Dad is a good example of the advantages of doing new things. He was a physicist (and a member of the National Academy of Science) and at 60 he became an oceanographer. Now, in his late 80s, he has a passion for computer animation and video editing. To say that he is still very sharp mentally is a great understatement. BTW, one great thing about developing software is that you get to be a quasi-expert at many different application domains as you work on different projects. I expect that 6. is spot-on. For me, 1. is almost here: all of my important data is in a git repository on a managed server in Texas, and backups are in Amazon zone east 1-b. His predictions on AI also seem reasonable. Great article - I especially liked the idea of using several for a very low power "server farm." I bookmarked the page where the shiva plug dev it can be purchased - probably won't buy one, but I might! I don't agree with the trash talk on the AGPL in these comments to the original article. I would like to see fewer open source licenses: in my opinion the Apache 2, LGPL 3, and AGPL 3 would suffice since I am not that clear why Apache 2 and BSD styles licensed projects just couldn't be Apache 2. That said: creators should obviously have the only say in what license they choose to use. I know someone who has a small AI + semantic web company, they use the AGPL, and I think that they are doing OK. The trick is selling a "commercial use" exception. Also, my understanding is that if you use AGPL code in a web service, then you need to make the entire web service implementation AGPL. However, other systems that use the newly created AGPL web service do not need to be AGPL - if I am wrong about this, I would appreciate being corrected. That is interesting, thanks. I did not realize how few projects use the AGPL. One problem with the AGPL is that it seems to work for projects that are totally owned by one individual or company because there is a clear stratgey for supporting alternative commercial use licenses with no software distribution requirements. If alternative use licenses are low cost for received value and if the commercial license passes corporate lawyer scrutiny, all is good. The big problem with the AGPL is projects with multiple contributers - makes a paid for commercial license difficult. ""Watch, too, for Amazon, to develop an application platform."" What is AWS? AWS provides high level infrastructure like very robust message queues and file volumes that are automatically replicated. Add elastic load balancing, easy to manage EC2s, etc. and you really have much higher level components than just leasing servers. Will Amazon try to compete with Google Apps? I don't think so. Very cool, both tech-wise and for Arizona (where I live, and more local jobs == a good thing). I want to put solar panels on our roof (different tech, same motivations) and my wife is just about talked into it. Most things that help the local economy and help people be more self reliant are good things. Well said! Let people who create decide how to distribute their creations. Also, that was a really good analysis of the history of balkanization of BSD derived OSes. I really like 'behind the scenes' stories like this from big sites like Reddit, Facebook, Heroku etc. I work on a smaller scale of a few EC2 at a time, but I really enjoy the scaling info. I just installed Clozure on a new Windows laptop (yes, I know, but it has 4 cores, and was inexpensive). On OS X and Linux I was used to running SBCL (or Franz). I think that most of the 45K instances are small experiments that only get a few HTTP requests per day. I would guess that in this case an instance that does not get a request for a while that it gets 'swapped out.' I have no firm data, but a customer last year put a very low volume web app on Heroku, and I guess this is exactly what we saw: the first request after a quiesant period took many seconds - then subsequent requests were quick. If I am right about this, customers with high volume web apps would not notice this. I don't like the part of not paying the offshore team. Sure, fire them if you want to, but pay up on billable hours. On the other hand, since there is no legal recourse in some other countries, keeping some offshore teams on dev servers with no access to production systems may make sense. But, I tend to work with the same people in Russia, India, Brazil, and Vietnam over the years, and we develop a high level of mutual trust. That was a great story :-) I am just a 'pure techie' and could never pull off something like this, but I enjoyed the experience vicariously. (All I can do is code ;-) Off topic: SGI made such great boxes; I got to use their highest end reality engines on three occasions, complements of SAIC, Nintendo, and Disney. I turn down about 1/2 of consulting offers (two today, which is a record), spending the time on research, general learning, and the non-tech aspects of living. For me the trick is: I got an agreement from my wife that it is better to remain on top of new tech than to maximize earning. Also, living in a low cost area helps increase flexibility (Carol and I sold our large house near the beach in San Diego, and bought a small economical house in the mountains in Central Arizona). The great mythologist Joseph Campbell advised his students to "follow their bliss," and I can agree with that as long as you are supporting yourself and family. In life, try to do what makes you happy as often as possible. Also, +1 for you for not wanting to go into debt. Looking at this from a computer nerd perspective, China has been a successful NODEMOCRACY because they have been able to deliver on an increasing standard of living for its citizens. I suspect that a lot of Internet users in China are much more interested in their careers and lifestyle than "freedom." That said, if the Chinese government fails to deliver on an every increasing standard of living, then they have real problems. A little off topic, but: here in the USA we spend about 1.5 trillion dollars a year on our military industrial complex (DoD, Home Land Security, foreign aid through the State Department, interest on loans to pay for all of this, etc., etc.) I am not the only one who wishes that more of these resources were directed at our own industrial and educational infrastructure. The fact that the employees in China would lose their jobs was the first thought/concern I had when this story broke. But, the world is not a fair place. A useful article by Grant Ingersoll, of Mahoot fame. I am using PostGIS for two current customer projects, but when I have time I'll work through Grant's example from this article. Not a good article. I have been around the Tarahumara. The women are friendly but very shy, the men are not to be seen when outsiders are around. My guide told me that they have a 50% infant mortality. However, their history is very cool: when the Spaniards were enslaving everyone they could catch in northern Mexico for a short and harsh life in silver mines, the Tarahumara did not like what they saw, and headed for remote areas. I am surprised Kenneth Rogoff equates chess AI with "real AI." "Real AI" is a long way off; my definition: ability for systems to learn from their environment (physical or Internet), change their internal models, and generally evolve their own abilities without requiring external help. Off topic: I have never met grandmaster Rogoff, but I watched my friend Carl Wagner play him in a telephone San Diego vs. Boston match in 1975. My company SAIC hosted the San Diego end of the match, and I was very surprised to see my friend Carl playing number 1 board: Carl had been clobbering me at chess during lunch time for months and I was just about ready to give up the game since I had a long loosing streak, and I am a poor loser. So, Carl was an international master, and never mentioned it :-) That was a good article. Generally I use Scala very little, but in the last few days I have written both Scala and Clojure wrappers for some of my Java code (I wanted idiomatic wrappers that feel Scala-like and Clojure-like - that is why I don't just directly call into Java). Like Clojure, Scala could be a universal programming language for me if it was not for the learning curve: I have invested so many years on Lisp, Java, and Ruby that it is difficult to motivate myself to become proficient with 2 more languages. Anyway, both the article and the comments to the article were interesting. Nice: I just installed and played with this for 5 minutes. Assuming no significant bugs or problems, this is a welcome tool for when I have to use Windows. (I can't even imagine using Windows without cygwin and a bash shell.) Google could make themselves look better right now by quickly granting a free perpetual nonexclusive patent license to the Apache Hadoop project. The free service right now (having a 'mini newspaper' emailed to you every morning) is nice, but to be honest, I would value this at about $1/month, but I might pay up to $1.50/month to support journalism. I suspect that they will want to charge more than this. Easy prediction: this will be big even if range of applications is limited to low bandwidth network apps. I buy and read about 2 books a month in addition to using the local library so I share Tim's desire to keep the pipeline full of interesting things to read. Publishing has been a good business for centuries, but we do need a way to encourage writers given lots of free material on the Internet. Interesting article, but I disagree mostly due to my personal preferences: I am more comfortable using GMail+GCalendar+Gdocs in my workflow, buying MP3s cheaply on Amazon, and having the relative openness of the Android phones over the iPhone. Still, for non-techs, the Apple do it all approach would be very tempting if not for the much higher cost of Apple gear. I may be calling this wrong, but I think that we are going to the commoditization of just about everything: cheaper bandwidth, cheaper devices, low cost or free software, etc. The market will grow but individually products and services will get much cheaper. Very long term, will most people be willing to pay for the Apple cost premium? I think that you are correct. This is why I expect HTML 5 "apps" to be more important on iPhone, Android phones, etc. Just a guess, but: their economy is doing poorly and/or there is some political scandal, and their government wants people to think of something (anything) else. Leave it to law enforcement to take appropriate precautions, but trying to scare your own population seems really bogus. It really just matters what FB's terms and conditions are. Who really owns so-called vanity domains (really, not a domain at all)? Still, if this story is true, this reflects poorly on FB. Fairly much awesome (not totally awesome because I'll have to maintain old projects as-is, not worth updating with so many API changes). While I use a few different programming languages in my work, I am now fairly much only using Rails for web applications. This process was finalized when I converted a customer's project from Common Lisp to Ruby and Rails last summer. I spent a few years doing 'game AI' for Nintendo games and some Disney VR. I like to mention to young gamers that to prepare for this kind of work, ideally one should study: math (especially linear algebra and calculus), physics, computer science, art, and literature. Not very many people have all of these skills, but the president of Angel Studios once mentioned that he liked to see as many of these skill areas as possible. I agree, neat! - I just tried it also on the book I am writing. The book "The Sovereign Individual" (published at least 10 years ago) predicted that the UK, then the USA would transition into much less free countries as their economies started to unravel. The authors also wrote a book predicting the fall of the Berlin Wall a few years before that event happened. I view the political BS and general war-mongering in both countries to be a cover for those in power not wanting to confront very serious economic problems. Something to distract people, etc. That would also be my recommendation. BTW, I just wrapped up Lucene, Sesame (RDF data store), and Java DB in one package (I wanted RDF+geolocation+search of text in RDF triples), and also put Clojure and Scala wrappers around my Java wrapper. If you are using Clojure, Scala, JRuby, etc., might as well take advantage of great Java libraries. Cool. I've been writing Scala and Clojure wrappers for a larger Java project, and I ran into a minor hassle last week with Scala/Java integration and I read something that indicated that things would be easier with Scala 2.8. I am downloading the beta right now to see if there are any problems using it with InteliJ 9. Trying 2.8 did break some of my code (as expected from reading the 2.8 beta docs) I agree with the article. I look more forward to a light weight Chrome netbook. I don't know if it is the offing or not, but perhaps a Chrome netbook could forgo a physical keyboard and have a popup virtual keyboard like my Droid (although that adds the expense of a touchscreen). Bonus points to hardware manufacturers: sell a Chrome netbook that looks like a iPad, but has a slide out physical keyboard like my Motorola Droid phone. I just tagged this excellent article on delicio.us - description: "Awesome example of using Clojure for data manipulation!" A good read, and I bet that a few of the code snippets in the article will save me coding time. I agree with Yehuda that any good browser platform helps promote web apps, and HTML 5 makes this even better. One point of disagreement: I think that it is awful to not have a sandboxed Flash implementation so the device could access hulu.com, conference videos, etc. This rules out my wife and I buying one of these because I would not by a web browsing device that could not access quite a bit of web content. A good article, but I think it misses one important point: the eventual commoditization of devices like this. Apple's entire touch screen platform does look compelling for non-techs, but there will be a raft of very inexpensive similar devices hitting the market, and I still think that lower cost will win the most market share (eventually). Not too much news, but expected and reassuring for those of us who live at least partially in JVM-land. I have been programming since the 1960s and the JVM has been the most important programming technology that I have experienced. Although JRuby, Scala, Clojure, etc. are niche development markets right now, I expect to see a huge uptake in alternative JVM languages used by highly skilled developers. I am not dissing Java, just saying :-) Setting up IntelliJ (version 9, either free open soirce version or commercial version)with the Clojure plugin was a good start for me. I bought Stuart's book (physical book) and the other two Closure books as work in progress PDFs - good references and a help to write idiomatic Clojure code. BTW, IntelliJ free version also works well with the Scala plugin, so you can mix Java+Clojure+Scala in one project. With the commercial version, you can add JRuby to the mix. I have to ask: why would the author still be using PostgreSQL 8.1? I run 8.3 or 8.4, and having tsearch2 built in is nice in addition to running a newer release for bug fixes, performance improvements, etc. BTW, for Ruby, the texticle plugin smoothly integrates tsearch2 with ActiveRecord. Yes, but MongoDB is so easy to use, at least with Ruby and the mongo and mongo_record gems, that it would be a very short book. BTW, I just wrote a 3 part article for developer.com that has CouchDB and MongoDB examples. A fair question: I am writing a utility in Java, but I wanted to supply idiomatic wrappers for JRuby, Scala, and Clojure. It has been a long while since I looked at Wonderland, but I am grabbing the source and archiving it right now it in case the project completely goes away. A main take away point: Ruby is better for writing DSLs (which is what I am doing for one customer right now) I am downloading it right now. I use IntelliJ and Rubymone several hours each work day. While I appreciate Eclipse and Netbeans, the Jetbrains products are a bit better. You sort of have this with IntelliJ, which I use for Java, Scala, and Clojure. (Also supports Ruby, but I prefer RedMine, or a non-IDE like GEdit or TextMate) I like that it is written in Gambit-C Scheme, which has been one of my weapons of choice when I want to code in a high level language and produce small, fast, standalone executables. As of last year, Marc made it very easy to compile and link executables, and portable across OS X, Windows, Linux (just do a rebuild on each platform). Recommended! BTW, I wrote an article for DevX last year on Gambit-C (pardon the self-plug): http://www.devx.com/opensource/Article/42778/1763/ Good article, as usual for mises.org (I credit their material a few years ago for motivating me to get out of the stock market). I am in my 50s, and one of my common little rants is how selfish my generation and the next older generation is. My children and my young grandchildren will indeed have to pay for our collective excesses. Really unfair. I believe that it is human nature to care for younger generations, so the current wave of selfishness is really sick and unnatural behavior. Two generations of gluttons. This selfishness is on personal, corporate, and government levels. The worst is starting unnecessary wars on credit, but the general blame trickles on down. You are right about the next older generation getting even a better deal, but I am not complaining on my own account: when I graduated from college in the 1970s, it was really easy to buy a home, and generally have had an easy life style. I have to admit to a bit of a morbid fascination about the economy: I expect that in the USA that local governments will go bankrupt, the federal government will devalue the dollar to get by, etc. Thing that I have no idea about: will this happen in 1 year, 10 years? ... I see the logic in taking a small job just to keep busy. I did the same thing right after the dot com bust 8 years ago: I took a task from an Indian company to do a Sharepoint clone in Java at a fairly low rate with the understanding that I could set their work aside for a few days at a time when better paying work came along. I never regretted that decision, partially because the guy who hired me was a one time McKinsey manager and he was cool to work with. I live in the mountains in Arizona, BTW, so I do a lot of remote work. I would diversify my investments internationally, pack my laptop and reading material and book a long cruise. Seriously: no matter how long the trip, my wife and I never get bored on a cruise ship. Also, on board a ship is a good place to think and do some creative work. Silly article, IMHO. Main reason: if you are really caught up in the privacy issue, don't use Google (signed in), Facebook, etc. Also, strongly control what cookies you want to allow. To me it is a value proposition: what are the advantages of a service vs. disadvantages like privacy issues. I choose to use most of Google's services, occasionally use Facebook, and I am sort-of addicted to following people who I consider to be "thought leaders" on Twitter. Also, my early take on Buzz: it is OK, but I have an attitude that I don't have to read everything that shows up on my Buzz list. Same as Twitter. I have also started to sometimes do short tweets on Twitter, and maybe following up with something more detailed on Buzz. That is a good point about EC2 being a black box. When something really slows down (SimpleDB queries, network access, etc.) it takes effort to track down the problem(s). I think that AWS is a good resource for scaling up non-realtime calculations like map reduce, but may not be a great choice for 24x7 hosting. Very cool idea of using a low cost camera sensor to provide feedback on how well the robot is moving. I would guess (not having seen the code) that Matt is using the metric of how far the robot can move to tune parameters for controlling the legs (genetic algorithm or genetic programming). Sorry if this is off topic, but: the speed that Google changed Buzz is the reason why I love the web as a deployment platform. Except for local software development tools, Latex, and video editing software, I want everything I do to be web based. I find all of the news coverage on Greece to be a "red herring." The real story is that England and the USA have no chance of avoiding economic collapse (most likely large devaluation of currency) - sort of like they are caught near the event horizon of a black hole, and will eventually get sucked in. The sooner this happens, the sooner we can "recover." Hello hga, yes, ultimately the USA and U.K. are too big (in my opinion) to get bailed out. Also: of course the Eurozone news is big, but here in the USA I feel like that story is used to gloss over our own problems. Interesting points on library design to do the heavy lifting (especially the HTML document regular expression example). Still, the main point of the article is not right: Scala is much more concise than Java (as is Clojure). Article was worth reading however. I am put off by the article's title, but otherwise Alan makes some good points: I would prefer that Buzz not show the number of new items. I have been using Buzz like I use Twitter: about 10 minutes a day (each) to take a quick look for interesting things to read. I'm enjoying Buzz, and as long as it is easy to completely disable it I don't think that people have much to complain about. BTW, a little off topic but: how difficult is it really to remove duplicate entries in Google Reader and similar aggregators? Even better: recognize which articles are original and which are just summaries with a link to the original article. Eliminate duplicates, favoring original articles. (Seems like NGRAMS or comparing word count statistics might do the trick.) Great article. I also have felt some "TED attendance envy" while really enjoying the online videos. For some people, the value of personal networking far out weighs the travel costs and conference fee. I like to write (i.e., email) people who entertain, inform and/or impress me, and I am pleasantly surprised how often people respond to questions and comments. Amazon designed and implemented AWS for their own use, and it is not always a good fit for outside developers. But sometimes it is. AWS is very good for offloading non-time critical calculations, backup storage using S3, etc. AWS may not be the best choice for primary hosting, and as usual requirements analysis is required. The DNS problem that the article mentions is not a problem for Amazon hosting their own applications but can be a problem for external users.