x86 branch predictors are not 60% correct... Any decent branch predictor is over 90% correct and I believe modern ones are over 96% correct. Where's the source? It's not that I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing, but I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing. Garbage collection isn't a very good solution. They're often implemented poorly (the only good one being Go's) and they're slow. Garbage collection also necessitates a runtime environment to keep track of the data. What is not smart about smart pointers? std::shared_pointer implements reference counting just as OP describes. Yeah I'm also considering shorting this as well. Having worked at a company that ate Atlassian software day and night, every single piece of software they have in their portfolio is a complete ugly mess. For every piece of software they have there's a better alternative that is cheap or free. I hate Jira completely. It is terrible. Best system I've seen is Pivotal Tracker. Oh thanks for that. I can now pass the test with 10/10 correctness. There's a noticeably louder noise floor in the 8bit sample that is really clear between the samples. It may help that I'm using over-ear closed headphones that have a really good seal and block most outside noise. Pachi isn't in the same league as AlphaGo. Pachi can't win at all against AlphaGo without handicap. With a 4 stone handicap Pachi only wins 1% of the time against AlphaGo. From the paper, no that's with "single machine AlphaGo" which is 48 CPUs and 8 GPUs. Distributed AlphaGo beats Single Machine AlphaGo 77% of the time. (Distributed AlphaGo being 1202 CPUs and 176 GPUs.) Yes. Many of these questions have been explored in AI fiction for many decades. Even right down to the titles, like the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" which became "Blade Runner" for the movie version. Or "I, Robot" by Isacc Asimov. > Butter contains 3 % trans fats. _No_ it does not. Trans fats are a completely artificial creation originally thought to avoid weight gain because it's specifically _not_ butter. They don't exist naturally in any butter. The US government has basically declared "HTTPS/TLS Interception Considered Harmful". This is going to be interesting as all the major security load blanacer/appliances out there offer this as a standard service at this point. 1. Snooping on their internet banking is ILLEGAL for you to do and puts YOU in hot water. You realize you could be put out of business by lawsuits right? My main beef is if I try to look up any old movie ever, It's almost guaranteed to not be on Netflix. It's the first place I try and it fails every time. This is just price controls and fails for every other reason that price controls fails elsewhere. It puts the cost of drugs well above the market rate for such drugs in that country and opens the door for local producers to simply undercut. The long term effect of is this is that US sellers will essentially become galapagos companies that only sell to the US and you effectively create two markets. The end state is exactly where we're at now but only with the US bearing even more of the cost. Yes, the notable one I know of ULA (United Launch Alliance) doing a bunch of volunteered lay offs where they went around asking their old timers to see if they would be willing to go into retirement. I disagree. As a new coder when looking at a new language you don't know what's the same as what you're used to and what's different. Some things may be almost exactly the same but be slightly different. For example Python's division converts ints to floats in Python 3, for example. If you just leave out everything that's the same, the reader won't know what it's the same as. Also, the same compared to what? C? Everyone's first language is not the same. Most people I've met who work in security at large companies would rather lose their job than participate in the erasure of security for all. Apple showed this pretty obviously, but I think many companies would have most of their software engineers quit before accepting such a request, even if it was a direct order. The government cannot order you personally to write software, that's blatant first amendment violations, even if they figure out a way to order a company to do so. When politicians see one of their largest corporations disappearing over night, and the associated loss of world power and tax revenue, from engineers quitting vs a police force trying to force things like this... I think there will be some reconsidering that would happen. Oh please, can you even look at what you're saying? Please look at some numbers before stating such ridiculous things. > They're position seems to be that anything outside of your brain (5th amendment and all) should be available with a court order in a reasonable time and at reasonable cost. I'm looking forward to the first court cases that deal with somebody who implanted a memory chip into their body and are storing information in it (only accessible through a wirelessly sent password) that the court wants to access. Could the court order surgery to remove it. If enough of the core developers quit that puts a pretty huge dent in the company. Please illuminate me then. What is wrong with looking at pure causes of death? They bash it exactly because they don't understand it and they listen to whatever they read on Facebook that tells them why it is evil. Basic Economics education outside of University and even within University is strongly lacking in this country. We need mandatory personal finance/macro economics courses as part of high school. You should check out T-Mobile. They have free video streaming if you enable it, but it forcibly downgrades the video streams to no higher than 720p. That still sounds like much better than you have however. I just have to laugh at this title. It's delusional. Looks like Google is trying marketing spin to make what it does sound less evil. Honestly, what's the alternative to Agile? Waterfall? Hell no. Match is live here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-HL5nppBnM I wish they would not keep panning the camera away from the explanation though. Google hired some pretty piss poor horrible camera operators. It really really sucks. This circles back to that Governments making rules will always find those who find ways to work around them. How about we try making rules that even if worked around, don't harm others? At this point it's not too much harder than opening a bank account. Agreed. Impossible to read, horrible broken UI (pagination, really?). Fonts too large. Too much white space. That's also exactly what I don't want. It's more paperwork than code in such places all full of rigorous validation. These 100k year plans are beyond absurd. It's based on the flawed hypothesis that the radiation has to be below detectable levels compared to background before it's considered "safe", where in reality "safe" is a statistical property that can be reached in under 1000 years and perhaps even 100 years. Scrolling is fine for me. Chrome on a Mac. If having Uber in my career profile makes me look bad to a prospective company then I don't want to work at that company. If the company policy I'm applying to is so toxic that they feel the need to purge people for minor things then I would never want to work there. What company is that so I know to avoid it? Sounds like you should get out of there. Except this isn't a leak. This is publicly searchable information. I don't know why people are blowing this out of proportion. "Space" is just a shortening of "outer space" in this case. This is opposed to the "inner space", namely the space within Earth's atmosphere. Everything outside of that is "outer space". We used triple-junction solar cells on our satellite. If I remember right the cells ran somewhere around $100-$200 per square inch. I don't remember the efficiency, but they were left-over dumped cells that were donated to us by some group at NASA because they "expired" (they're kept under a nitrogen purge because they oxidize slowly and these had a leak, if memory serves, still worked great though) and a few were broken as they are more fragile than glass and are about as thin as a sheet of paper. They glow bright red when you forward bias them which you can use to visually detect dead portions of the cell/damage. So how was your company okay with you uploading the company code to Kite's servers? It's a great way to save money. I'd probably almost double my take-home amount (after taxes and food) if I could skip rent in the south bay area. So many people in this thread complaining about coinbase when I've had no issues with them. You people complaining about coinbase must have not been around when Mt.Gox was the only option. If you want to talk about lack of support... Now that's lack of support. You're getting a lot of naysayers here who take one experience and extrapolate it to mean everyone. There are a lot of Tesla drivers out there who use it every day to and from work. I suggest you try using and evaluating the system yourself. Can't believe this is the highest voted answer. It is entirely NOT the reason why they are successful. Please learn some basic business knowledge before you open your mouth next time. Go read the article for one. Yep, everyone I knew growing up and my everyone in my extended family doesn't like unions, especially those who were forced to join unions. Children all over the world still do. The families would die if they did not. This is why many farming families have large numbers of children, labor (that gets paid in food and family love). I laugh when people propose this. I moved to Silicon Valley from across the country because there are good opportunities to learn from companies here. If I'm forced into a union my company will shortly be going under so I'll just find a new job. Silicon Valley workers are already the most overpaid workers in the entire country. A similar job elsewhere pays 50%-75% what I make here. If you try to unionize to force wages higher, all this does is causes the exodus of companies from Silicon Valley even faster. If you don't like your job then switch it, there's plenty of software companies that don't do that. Generally I've seen that the more bleeding edge you're working on then the more overwork you get. If you want to sacrifice working on the bleeding edge for a steady pay and steady working hours you can have that all across the country. Why the hell would you do that. That defeats the point of git. If you're doing this then there's no reason to use git. Just sync a raw directory. You can't reliably do it. This type of thinking has led many to invent conspiracy theories based on the natural background radiation that we and everyone on planet Earth are awash in. Background radiation also varies significantly unless you use very long averaging time frames. I'm on iPhone 5 right now. No problems. > And yes ... after all, humans are quite capable of identifying people with high accuracy from 2D photographs. Depth maps are not required for there to be serious privacy issues with such databases. Which would be true if they were actually storing this on the cloud in a form they could access. As far as we know, they are not. That's the point of the "Secure Enclave". Reject such F2P games. There's lots of F2P games out there. I will second having done this myself. There was a disagreement between how the tax credit for Obamacare/ACA was being taken by my mother versus I because I was transferring from being covered under her insurance to being covered under my own. The IRS said I owed more than I did because the tax credit couldn't be used twice, while my mother and I disagreed we bickered back and forth with the IRS for about a year but they gave up and let us count it. Your credit is not affected. Large companies do not "only pay a portion of the tax they owe". They are following the law and taking tax exemptions. You can do the same. Disagreements arise in the details of tax law in how various exemptions combine with each other, especially if you itemize deductions. You can't usually just say "I want to pay less", you have to have some reason why you think you owe less. THAAD is in a league of its own... It hasn't had its real world effectiveness tested yet, but its miles better than what Patriot could provide. You mean some internet blog told you it had a 50% success rate? The actual tests are 100% successful. Do some basic research please. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_High_Altitude_Area_De... Good riddance. That's pretty fake and assumes a lot of capabilities the USSR never had. Satellite mounted nuclear weapons, anti-ICBM missiles, ground to space lasers, "killer satellites", etc never existed. I think the writer enjoys pro-USSR fantasies. More bad rulings from the Ninth Circuit. A lot of people need to work in a city but DONT want to live there. Many only live in cities because its convinient but would otherwise live outside the city. Lol. You can't just violate battery physics because you want it to be so. There rarely is an original specification, and even if one exists, what was actually written has a high probably of not actually matching the specification exactly because of undocumented feature requests or additions. I've never found the BO of someone the same gender as me not repulsive. They universally stink. To the point that I know who does not at work and avoid ever walking behind them. Not wearing deperspirant (not just deodorant!) is poor hygiene as it promotes bacterial growth. I will never agree with someone who thinks they don't need to wear it. You can wear odorless deodorants or very low oder deodorants. Specifically you want deperspirants as those eliminate the possibility of producing smell. Water washes off odor but not the bacteria that make that odor. You need to use soap. Bullshit. Britain and the US don't do anywhere near the scale of this collection. Also we have cases like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carpenter_v._United_States which are set to (likely) outlaw ability for warrantless surveillance of position, which they do in China. That's unfortunate. I had thought that at least Mozilla had people that understood BGP and network routing and why it's impossible for an ISP to treat all data equally and also maintain good QoS. I guess this is just them advocating for themselves as it reduces their costs. What is the metric for determining what data gets through when there is more data than what the transiting connection can handle? The internet is not one single network. It's a series of interconnected network that are operated under different policies and owned by various companies. I'm assuming you have an understanding of BGP and peering. When peering is established between companies there's a general understanding that peering is free if the data flow in each direction is approximately equal. It's a mutual benefit so both engage in the peering. If however data is predominantly flowing in one direction (early Netflix for example) then companies are eating costs (Netflix's costs) to continue to provide Netflix's data to their customers. If you force ISPs to peer in these sorts of arrangements (Net Neutrality) you are shifting costs from Netflix on to the ISPs. ISPs then need to charge their customers more even if they are not customers of Netflix. This was eventually fixed historically by forcing Netflix to to pay for peering despite the large outrage at the time about Comcast "throttling Netflix" and then "forcing them to pay to stop throttling" which misrepresented what was going on. This is just one example. See my other reply. WebAssembly is a dead end. I don't get the hype nor the interest. People tend to forget the huge number of systems out there with tons of active development in C and early versions of C++. Those systems is what Rust would be good for, not "WebAssembly". The vast majority of workhorse code is on the backend, not the front end and UI. I think the only people interested in WebAssembly are former PHP/javascript coders wanting to actually make their code something that runs properly rather than crawls. It should (depending on how they implement it), as long as the software is re-modified to run the original way on only this platform and later. The performance degradation at least would move into hardware instead of software. For me writing Python is fast, until you need to rewrite it when you inevitably refactor. For Python that's an agony, for me. Even if its not decentralized I can still clone all the code in the centralized version control system. If that were true you can compare back to when we didn't spend money on fighting terrorism. Has it changed much? No not really. Terrorism is not a (major) problem in the world if looking at major causes of human loss of life. You don't seem to understand what Steganography is and how it works. Perhaps you should read that article. You cannot produce illegal information out of non-illegal information without having that illegal information somewhere else to use as a key. Did you ever take an engineering ethics course? One of the things talked about is the monetary value placed on a human life. You can't make that value infinitely high or literally nothing can happen. You also don't want it super low. Right. That would have the correct feedback to properly represent what a poor investment investing in students actually is (not a good investment). This would cause interest rates for student loans to be much higher and there would be more rigor in who is allowed a loan. > why pro-diversity hiring policies are not necessarily racist Supreme court has also ruled that opposing them because they are racist is also not racist. > It has come to this. Called upon to explore the jurisprudential twilight zone between two errant lines of precedent, we confront a frighteningly bizarre question: Does the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment forbid what its text plainly requires? Needless to say (except that this case obliges us to say it), the question answers itself. “The Constitution proscribes government discrimination on the basis of race, and state-provided education is no exception.” Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U. S. 306, 349 (2003) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). It is precisely this understanding—the correct understanding—of the federal Equal Protection Clause that the people of the State of Michigan have adopted for their own fundamental law. By adopting it, they did not simultaneously offend it. What? No those are the same thing. Why is an API suddenly not copyrightable if its 0x51234 offset 5 bits, vs human readable text? That is nonsense. Numbers and words should not be treated differently. What if I named my function 015342342(String 123949)? How does that change anything? Holy strawman batman. Yes everything is literally the fault of Republican politicians. You forget that Democrat politicians care just as little about NASA if not even less. Politicians care that its "made here". Support for NASA is entirely bipartisan with supporters and opponents on both sides of the isle. "Mark Zuckerberg Employee Helped Cambridge Analytica Before It Harvested Data" I mean this is getting a bit silly. Why didn't they just say "Palintir Employee". So he wasn't a "Peter Thiel Employee" either then. Can't have your cake and eat it too. False. USB-C cannot be fatal. Thank you. Someone in this thread finally gets this correct. This is impressive but not in the way people think. I suggest trying to understand turbulence and what it is and how little harm it can cause the aircraft. (Look at wing bend test videos on how much the wing can flex before failure.) The best way out of anxiety is to convince your psyche that nothing wrong is possible. Automotive companies don't usually write large amounts of their own software for infotainment, vehicle controls, machine learning, factory systems engineering and the actual embedded programming for the electronics. Yes Tesla is a software company. They hire a huge amount of software engineers. Is Apple not a software company because they make phones and give away all their software for those phones for free like Tesla does? You make the assumption that people won't give them more money. False. NVidia is not supplying off-the-shelf DRIVE systems. They supply the chips that go on them but the board design and manufacturing is by Tesla. What a distorted way of looking at things. You don't make money by cheating people out of something. You make money by doing something people want you to do. (Or doing something they didn't know they wanted you to do.) If the sudden taxes kill the company, then certainly. It's in the US's best interest for them to avoid those taxes because if they don't then the US loses out on taxing future profits of that company. Everything has germs... The idea that you can get rid of them is flawed. Thus starts the demographic inversion. Hopefully we can fix it before we go the way of Japan. The downside of "the way of Japan" is that they'll shortly have no one to pay for all the old people. Keeping old people alive is expensive. In the US young people pay old people's social security income. You see how many people are talking about the aging baby boomers right? Imagine that but much worse. Because having a family is a good way to a happy life. It's literally the oldest most out of date Linux distro available (even this update), so probably. CentOS recently added Python 2.7 instead of Python 2.6... There are open source 3d party applications on Linux that I've used to access 1Password password archives. The code is closed source but everything they're using to encrypt the passwords are open standards. You can build your own 3rd party open source platform to access them. It's certainly a hindrance. I can't look at core dumps from code running in Europe now. It's a mess. No it has no basis in reality. It's a figment of the writer's imagination (and yours too if you believe it). What promise did he not keep to you? > To buy a company with the pure goal of extracting any short term value with the intent of destroying it seems to be a long term societal ill that should be regulated out of existence. If a company is on its last legs, what is wrong with extracting money from it before killing it? Trying to keep dead-companies-walking afloat would be even worse. > What if hedge funds just happen to get larger than anyone else in the spaces they operate in, precisely by executing this technique, such that there's no "someone else" who would offer more money? Companies buy companies all the time. Hedge funds, in the grand scheme of things, are not that incredibly large compared to other companies. Also, companies making acquisitions have effectively unlimited funds to do so by taking out loans in order to buy companies. They can also buy companies without even exchanging money by converting stock in a larger ratio, effectively inflating the company's value in order to buy it. So what you're saying doesn't make sense. > An analogy: you're essentially saying that it's "the best thing to do" to date a vampire and let them suck out all your blood, because if there were a better partner for you to date than a vampire, surely such a partner would be more attractive than the vampire is, and would try harder to date you than the vampire is. Companies aren't people. If the board of investors wants to sell to a vampire it means that they're actually gaining the most value by selling to that vampire themselves. People need to stop looking at companies as monolithic wholes and actually as the sum intentions of the owners of the companies, the investors. > This was my point. A vampire, mythologically, can compel a human to obey it: despite the human realizing that it'd really be a dumb idea to let something suck out all of your blood, it's still just really hard to resist letting the vampire do that. There is, I suppose, what might in modern language be called a "superstimulus"—something which causes some part of your brain to override the rest, despite the rest of the brain screaming "no." You're viewing this as somehow negative. The investors gain by selling, they don't lose. There is no "sucking of blood" that occurs. > Likewise, these hedge funds offer the ultimate opportunity to make a change that is good for investors at the expense of employees. Employees are often part shareholders at these companies. They gain as well. > I've never heard of a co-op agreeing to be acquired by a hedge fund; have you? Try a google search, http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41344946 I assume you don't know any people born in the last 15 years or so. Emoji communication (using just emojis) is quite common, often several in a row. That claims you know what's going on at Tesla, which you don't. So you can't make such a statement. Just to correct you here, most of that $6 Billion is tax relief on future taxes. You can't account those yet. Yes, but it existed before the game or Disney were around. Yeah its pretty nonsense to make this claim. You should talk to literally everyone in Silicon Valley where macbooks/macbookpros are the standard system for developers to use. I mean Chicago is literally investing nothing in this. So there's nothing they're betting here. Their "bet" basically is that they don't need to spend any more money on transit. The worst case is they're in exactly the same situation they are now. The loop system isn't about purely shuttling people to and from the heart of the city. Look up a bit on how it works. They're not being paid for the job so why shouldn't they be allowed to try? If it's so profitable then why didn't any other companies set up a competing line in the first place? The perversion happened long ago if the city prevented any competition from stepping in before the city finally decided to move. In general companies are faster movers than governments in these types of things. If that didn't happen then something prevented them from being able to do so. The corrupted politicians are to blame here for blocking other companies from competing, not the business. The most common emoji I see among kids is (Face With Tears of Joy) or (OK Hand) (apparently ycombinator doesn't support UTF-8). I don't know of any ascii that can do those. (FYI, I'm 28 and I often chat with my younger cousins who are in their mid-teens at the moment.) Yes but you can't browse Facebook videos without a Facebook account. You can view them if people directly link them, but viewing someone's video page is blocked, let alone actually searching for videos. Sounds like you have a short position on the stock? Do you mind revealing if you have any position on TSLA? Disclaimer: I hold TSLA stock. This meaning of production is different than what you're thinking of. In factories "production" is the assembly line itself. > I have no problem believing that a disgruntled employee sabotaged part of the production line. But I do have a problem believing that all of the problems since the Model 3 started production were caused by sabotage. No such claim was made. So your entire post begs of fear mongering. No they use their own home-brewed management system. This isn't a code repository... You're a sad little man. Was he blue-collar? The stuff he performed sounds more like white-collar engineer. No its not. If you're making stuff up you're not a whistleblower. Glad to hear they're suing him. The interesting question is if he was hired by some outside agency to join Tesla to do this. He was only at the company for 3-4 months before "complaining of not getting a raise". That's a very short period of time. My bet is that is that's a lie to hide the real reason. Hopefully they get access to his call history to see what companies he communicated with. Also shame on the author for Editorializing the title. The true article title is "Tesla sues ex-employee for hacking, theft, and leaking to the press" Transferred instead of being promoted, to be precise. Sorry Musk did NOT claim that. Stop inventing things to just to satisfy your ego against Tesla. Good grief. Troll somewhere else please. There is no citation. Animats is making things up to satisfy his hatred of Tesla. $100,000 in sales is a very low bar. That's equivalent to a business with a single employee, the owner, and they're probably not making a livable wage yet. You're nitpicking this too much. "guy" is used by women and men, and probably others as well though I haven't heard it personally. Those are the cases that Supreme Court likes to take on. It's called rule of law, not rule of monarch (monarchy) or rule of mob (pure democracy). Pointless. Solar panels have nothing hazardous in them and anything worthwhile in them cannot be recycled without extensive processing. Context: https://huitema.wordpress.com/2017/09/12/cracking-the-sni-en... Yes but they could state those in the error message. They don't so people are left to their own conclusions on why things were blocked. Especially if you're not technically savvy, the reason why something isn't submitted is because someone physical human blocked you from submitting it. I can't count the number of times people hated on game servers being laggy simply blaming it as the company trying to save money by using cheap servers when the actual cause is likely any number of network congestion issues. People will anthropomorphize any technical issue. So was the crash from 1k to 200... Those are the worst illustrations I've ever seen in an article. Just wow... https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/imm8kKJFsMQ... You don't think there would be any trade in antiques? Even in the modern world, just because we can reproduce something exactly doesn't mean there are many people willing to spend lots of money on something that is unreproducible. Depends on the orbit it's in. If it's high enough, it will last long past your death. Whether it keeps working that long, probably not. Radiation damage accumulates reasonably rapidly and most cubesats don't live more than a few years, if that. A lot of people don't want to live in the middle of cities. I don't understand why people who live in cities think everyone wants to live there. I want to own several acres of land to have room to do the things I want to do. I don't want to live in a condo where I have to be careful about noise levels and with no ability to have a big party at my house because of lack of room for the guests. I've seen two different posts come on to this thread to comment about D. It makes me wonder what's going on if they need come in and say 'But wait D is good too!' whenever Rust is talked about. Where's your data to back up that a manned mission would be a trillion dollars? You can't just throw out random numbers and then use the random numbers you guessed at as a reason to not do something. Which shows in how they don't create companies that massively reinvent society. They get killed in the cradle before anything can occur. Above examples of massive world reinvention have all been in the US. Western Europe is extremely crowded with very few areas away from any amount of population. That SSD is the fastest SSD in any computer currently available. > Thou shalt heretofore use USB-C and dongles or will be sent to dongle Hell That's a temporary state of affairs. Perl isn't doing any decompression. The data is just stored in base64 encoding. It's not compressed. It's run length encoding which is an encoding, not compression. Why is it ethical to censor speech just to cater to the whims of totalitarian government? Sundar Pichai didn't grow up in a free country but also didn't know the harm of a totalitarian government. He neither values the concepts of freedom of speech nor knows personally the harms of the lack of it. 754mm^2 = 1.17 square inches. That's a die size that's bigger than a postage stamp. Pure raytracing sure, but raytracing assisted by other methodologies can get you farther. Imagine doing low resolution ray tracing and then compositing that information with other rendering techniques. If you raytrace then interpolate you can get really really good. Hell no. Google is well known to monitor literally everything about you. Don't you remember the mess with Red Shell monitoring software that was added to games? The games that still have that have incredibly bad ratings still. Unless game devs are going to not support Mac, Apple is deprecating OpenGL so they'll need to use Metal. Welcome to software development? Doesn't matter where I've worked. The software is always terrible. You're welcome to try. https://bugcrowd.com/tesla You can google the files, hardly "dark web". Rather than trying to re-invent plastics they should just be making the base stocks directly. In theory you can suck in carbon dioxide and build your own carbon chains to make anything you want. Or they could just keep making them as they've always done. Not everything needs to change, just most things. That's pretty disgusting from an American point of view. It's unfortunate that they don't have such rights. I guarantee that almost any device you ever use in your day to day life has network-facing C code, if it has a network connection at all. What language do you think router/switch firmware is written in? Just because the language has low language feature count doesn't make it a competitor to C. Well this won't stand court challenges hopefully. It's dreadful that they ever passed this law. It's demeaning to women and simply will make people think that any woman on a board of directors is there for the sake of being the token woman to fulfill the requirements of the law. EEOC: https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/sex.cfm > The law forbids discrimination when it comes to any aspect of employment, including hiring, firing, pay, job assignments, promotions, layoff, training, fringe benefits, and any other term or condition of employment. Even if they argue a loophole "directors aren't employees thus aren't subject to discrimination law" then that will simply result in companies outside California (and considering most corporations are registered as Delaware C-Corporation, that's most of them) openly legally discriminating in selection of board members. Why are we signing and creating laws purely for symbolism? All chargers are not created equal. "Planning" to build something is not building it. 350kW is a lot of energy and you need to pay for all the power electronics to run that much DC power. I have no doubt the'll start building chargers but I think the ramp up will be slower and the power levels will be lower than what people think. Most cars can't even charge at 350kW because their batteries are too small. You'd damage the batteries. In the US they can't even be used because the plug is different. Even if it weren't the superchargers access Tesla's services to hand over payment information when you plug in. I would say that depends on if they are indeed facts. You have to keep in mind that apple is going to dogfood any potential "iPad as workstation" product with it's own developers. If their own developers jump out in rage then they'll fix it before release. The title can be misleading if it is not read literally (or your brain tries to fill in extra information). This is testing the effects of gravity on antimatter, NOT antigravity testing. Yes. And it's a difficult question to ask because the effects of gravity on subatomic particles is incredibly hard to measure. Thats why they need to make anti-hydrogen to remove the effects of other forces on the particles because it's electrically neutral. If it touches matter of any kind it will instantly annihilate so you need near perfect vacuums, without electric/magnetic fields. I find it curious they implemented it themselves instead of using a standard library like OpenSSL/LibreSSL. Well this is indeed Mundane. This is just a Rust frontend to an OpenSSL fork. There's nothing of major interest here and not sure why it's getting attention. There are already Rust frontends to OpenSSL. Perl is used to generate the final assembly files so they can be adapted between different x86_64 variants/systems/assemblers. That's because creation of new housing is highly restricted in Silicon Valley because of high regulation and very restrictive zoning laws. And additionally all the money that would be going to the low income is getting sucked out by the continuous raising of the minimum wage, greatly restricting the size of the labor market at the low end resulting in higher unemployment. Silicon Valley has a multi-fold problem. 1. Housing is expensive because of the influx of people immigrating to the state from out of state and also out of country. (I'm one of them.) This causes a housing shortage which will naturally drive up price of housing. 2. The housing prices don't come down because California in general has very restrictive zoning laws, especially in the most expensive areas, that prevent building of sufficient housing density to cover demand. This in turn drives housing development further outside of the bay area forcing long commute times and highway usage. 3. Because of the high cost of living (primarily from housing, food/etc is not significantly more expensive) from the above problems the solution proposed is to greatly raise the minimum wage, now hitting $15 in many areas. This causes a drive to automate away simpler jobs (also providing an entry for further tech startups to automate these things) or more commonly, move the jobs out of the state via company acquisition followed by moving the administrative jobs to company headquarters located out of state or sometimes out of country. A high minimum wage reduces the available job market by putting an artificial job supply limit in place thus causing unemployment for these simpler jobs. 4. On top of this there's a loophole for illegal immigrants where companies abuse them by paying them below minimum wage because they are here illegally. (Another reason that giving a path to legal immigration for illegal immigrants would help things.) The first thing and most important thing that needs to happen is for the state to overrule local zoning laws (as opposed by the NIMBYs) and force generic zoning, allowing unrestricted housing development. Just look at the south bay area. The zoning is obvious even looking at satellite maps. Industrial areas are kept separate from housing which are kept separate from retail. This prevents natural intermixing of these causing a lot of need for road development to allow people to travel between these blocks rather than walking down the street. All apartment complexes around here are owned by Californian corporations. So yes, they're local. For example, Essex: https://www.essexapartmenthomes.com/about They're even publicly listed: NYSE:ESS Or the Irvine company, after which Irvine, California is named after because they designed the city. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irvine_Company This is because zoning laws largely prevent additional housing construction. Converting existing housing isn't blocked however so converting them to vacation rentals makes sense economically. The wage floor has been continuously getting raised. Many areas of California have the highest minimum wage laws in the country. That isn't going to solve the problem. > We could have vote-by-email (using the key registered when registering to vote). This doesn't work. You still have all the problems of denial of service, hidden hacking leaking of keys, among many other issues. This is just the process of NYC trying to drive Uber and Lyft out of the city and to force them to be expensive and bad like the taxis that existed before them. After a few years when they get bad enough they can start to blame the poor quality on "private corporations" and people will eat it up. Then they'll outright ban them and they'll be back to taxis. Check out Serde. https://serde.rs/#data-formats Lots of things are using it as well https://crates.io/crates/serde/reverse_dependencies Except C++03 isn't getting any more features added to it and neither is C++11 (which also use the year, not version number). 2015 edition will continue to get new features. But the cells were designed by Tesla. That isn't really true. The cells are not standard cells. They have their protection removed to give them more volume and also the blend of electrolytes used is also proprietary. You know we didn't have this problem back in the early 1900s. It would be helpful if regulation didn't completely eliminate the ability of unions to pool together funds and create their own mini-insurance collectives. Regulation killed that by forcing all doctors to be licensed, a very expensive process that limits the supply of doctors and nurses. San Francisco residents have extra contact with sewage than the normal person because the feces and urine that are everywhere. I think some of it is whether you're used to listening to the type of music. All those samples are types of music I don't normally listen to and thus scored 0%. They're also mostly low-information songs that are vocal-heavy. Vocal-heavy music is very easy to compress compared to say something like electronic or EDM type music which will easily create distortion with lower bitrates. You have dust/lint inside the bottom of the port that is preventing your connector from going in all the way. Get a fine tool and reach in and grab out the crud at the bottom. I had the same problem until I did this. There's not even a marketing stunt. This was a question in an interview and Elon answered offhandedly. No marketing involved. Nothing deep involved. No actual plans involved. Yes, very likely nothing will come of it as it was just an offhand comment. Yes. Directional antenna with EXTREMELY low bitrates so that the bits have a long time to accumulate any noise out of the signal. Specifically its at 160 bits per second at a transmit frequency of 8 GHz. Because this is in Rust and WebGL, not flash. My current map set up, paused. https://imgur.com/71p1H8W Many games don't have win states or shouldn't have win states. More people need to listen to what Sid Meier has said on this. That HN article was written by someone who did not know what they were talking about. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtzCLd93SyU Apple doesn't store iMessage messages in the cloud. Those are stored on the device and have end to end encryption. That has always been true and will continue to be true. You're missing the point. iCloud access can't get you access to iCloud messages. Those are encrypted on the devices and the keys are on the devices, not in Apple data centers. The account data will be in data and will be accessible, however the messages are not as those go direct device to device without ever being plaintext on Apple's servers. This is false. iCloud data doesn't contain phone call contents or iMessage data contents. Yes they gave access to metadata, but this is China where privacy basically doesn't exist, not a western country. Yes it's been done for a long time and it's trivial to do so. It's a standard course project in many computer security courses. I don't suppose there's any chance of San Francisco passing Castle Doctrine laws regarding property inside owner's vehicles? It would probably solve the problem in short order. The problem is that these thefts have no repercussions for those performing it, so of course the thefts will continue to rise. Why are people praising this monstrosity? Crazy complex non-simplifiable code is not good. Miraculously over-regulation causes supply shortages. I'm surprised this is even news. Text messages are not stored in iCloud... https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303