I remember trying to install and run this 2 years ago. I checked up on it from time to time, but since it seemed dead I stopped following it(although there seems to be code edit that was an hour ago[1]). [1] http://svn.gna.org/viewcvs/etoile/ I think some of this speculation that this man is some cunning, super-intelligent villain gives him, an average human being, too much credit. Honestly, these "theories" are too outlandish to really be about the actions of a mere human being. What is honestly more believable, that he is some "super PR genius" or, perhaps, just had more than he could handle? I was going to suggest I do the same thing. Well, just upload it somewhere for someone else to find...accidentally, you know. I once had a physics professor (who I admittedly was not too close to) who loved mathematica and is quite the evangelist for the tool at my old school. However, he once met Stephen Wolfram and didn't feel that he had "a high opinion" of my professor. Regardless of his ego, he has somewhat earned the bragging rights given that he is responsible for mathematica and wolfram-alpha. I'm eating (cereal though, no meat) and I'm not sure I can continue. Whenever a "New Study Confirms" something, we need to relax for a moment before we throw off the signs and proclaim that we've always been at war with Eastasia. I remember a group that claimed that an experiment had found that some tracked neutrinos had violated special relativity[1], one of the pillars of modern physics, and I too remember the excitement that developed afterwards only to dry up when it was found a faulty fiber optic connection was to blame. It's not like the benefits of breast-feeding is some pillar of modern medicine, but when just one study is accepted to a journal (and I'm sure there are others), it hardly merits a complete rewrite of medical textbooks. Remember, the important thing in science is _consensus_. As far as I can tell, the consensus is that breast-feeding is more beneficial for newborns. So for now, let's trust what the majority of doctors and health professionals have to say. Now, with regards to the article, it offers very damn strong evidence against this hypothesis, especially the controlling for different parents. It would be interesting to see in a couple of years if more studies corroborate the conclusion of no net benefit to breast feeding. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_neutrino_anom... As a grad student in physics, I'd vote for the inclusion of the Dirac equation or Klein-Gordon (can't put the whole standard model in there) and may be the Einstein Field Equations. Other than that, I agree with most of the list. I haven't heard good things about Black and Scholes, though. EDIT: Oh, and I thought of another. No doubt: [X,P] = i h/2pi Definitely more important than Schrodinger. One could argue that with i^2=-1 and the taylor expansion of sine and cosine and the exponential, one get's that. Those are the sourceless Maxwell Equations I'm assuming in vacuum. The divergence of H isn't zero either (divergence of magnetic field strength is) unless the magnetization is divergence-less. For the reasons you said, I don't think that this is a general algorithm they are teaching. May be it is a stepping stone to get to understanding of what division means first and then they'll teach them long division. Clearly this is an inefficient method for larger numbers, so I don't see how this can be expected to be useful as a go-to algorithm for calculating division. Read the GP's link. You'll see that the COMMON core (despite its name) does not quite do that. It is up to the states and I think even local districts to decide how to implement it. The idea is that a common core is to set up ideas that every student should learn (that's the COMMON part), not _how_ they should learn it. That's a bit of interpolation there. I will admit that we are given very little to work on, just a piece of paper with the algo partially done on it by a child... I'm assuming you think that because of the "10x8" on the side and it could be easily "20x8". It looks like they are teaching it by places, and the 10x_ represents the order of magnitude that is currently being operated, and she was to see how many "8"'s in that magnitude are in the number. That was my assumption, at least. I actually didn't catch that! That's hilarious. I mean, it would seem easier to steal the cargo at the airport before it got on the plane, just bribe a few ground workers, I guess. Steal some passports, hijack, then divert the plane just for cargo? It wasn't the cargo; the only reason to hijack the plane would be either the people or the plane or both. Or, it was an accident. I have to pay self employment tax since I'm a graduate fellow, so I have a larger amount in my bank account than I own. My vote reflects the money I own. Curious, if you don't mind. Are you under $1000 because you have money elsewhere, or is it for more upsetting reasons? I tend to be more liberal in my politics, but I don't think people making "too much money" are a problem. That sounds like envy, to be honest. The problem in America represented by this poll aren't the ~40 people who upvoted >$150k but that the sheer majority have [1] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... The gp is implying that they are jealous of a 14 year old. Anyone from Taiwan care to comment?(I'm sure someone from there frequents HN) While I applaud the effort, the only issue here is the sample is restricted only to "Googlers." That's a bit of bias for their sample already. Google is hardly an average company, so the results they glean from their employees might not generalize as well. These guys are assholes, but the issue remains a huge problem. I just hope people can see through the idiots to see that the issue that they are complaining about is real. I starting playing around when I was 14. Now I'm 24. Wow, how time flies. Of course, I have nothing on some of you old timers. That was enjoyable. Save some of the odd "nothingness" talk, it was a fantastic demonstration of the freaking scale that cosmological physics takes. Think, and people have modeled these scales so well, it's hard to freaking believe. One of the relevant issues here is that the top colleges have are essentially a better bet wrt prestige vs. other colleges. The fact that the college educated adult in the US is not as capable as the average college educated adult in a developed country world-wide (in OECD countries, see[1]) to me tells me how there is some truth to this perception. There is no denying that a physicist from Harvard is far above the average in the world, the problem is that if you're not from Harvard, statistics like these seem to imply that you aren't even prepared to be average. The problem here is that the Ivys suck up all the intelligent people and professors and the rest of us are left with less bright people (bright no doubt, but not "Ivy" material). Unless you can make it into the club, you won't be as prepared as your smarter and/or luckier peers. The problem is that we in the US are doing fantastic in raising up the best of us (those who get into Harvard) but the average has obviously fucking languished. Personally, one way I think we can help at least somewhat is for government not to exclusively fund only these Ivys, but to cut off some for the rest of us (you know, judge research by its merit). Other than that, I'm at a loss for ideas It wouldn't be too bad to not go to Harvard if the local state uni wasn't that much worse. [1] http://www.oecd.org/statistics/datalab/skills-outlook.htm Not sure why I was downrated. A rebuttal would be nice. I am often amazed by how much freedom a lot of people here have. I'm a graduate student in physics after betraying my first love in programming because I thought I would end up in a 9 to 5 dead end hacking job, I never heard of this whole "freelance" and start-up scene, otherwise, I would have done that. I'm happy for you and you should feel very blessed to have the options you have. That just isn't an option for so many of us. You know sir, as fun as Jackson problems are and as exciting modelling plasma sounds, I've been thinking of doing other things... Thanks for the implicit encouragement. I think the issue I often see here is that both sides have a one sided sense of exactly how many people "want" to live on the street and don't. Either they're all lazy or they're all victims of the system. This [1] perhaps helps illuminate the issue. We see that 66% have drug, alcohol, or mental health issues. That's a large fraction; about two in three homeless individuals have these issues. However, one in three is a significant fraction who don't. More upsetting is that 40% are veterans. So, I think it's fair to say that we have a slight edge on the interpretation that its "their fault" (although I am extrapolating a lot from a single number here). Still, one out of three individuals there out from nothing more than misfortune is just unacceptable, so I think something should be done. But clearly, what we are doing isn't enough; something more needs to be done. A lot of this can be alleviated by the other things, you know, fixing the rent problem, addressing the minimum wage, etc. In fact the article suggests a few fixes, like better public housing design. [1] http://www.statisticbrain.com/homelessness-stats/ I'm a graduate student in physics, so I'll reply with a physics perspective on this. Concerning modern physics (the quirky stuff like relativity and quantum mechanics), I would not say that any part of it has "disproven" any of the old concepts (which we collectively refer to as classical physics) since Newton. For example, special relativity does not "disprove" classical, non-relativistic mechanics. Newton's three laws are still valid, it's just that the old theory is not as general as we once thought it was (once you move close to the speed of light, things look different to you vs. how it looks for others). Of course, it goes without saying, what a theory fucking is is experiment. Special relativity, general relativity, quantum mechanics, QED, all these theories are theories because they gave predictions which were confirmed by experiment. Newton's laws, universal gravitation, these too have so much experimental backing so they are theory too, it's just that they are valid for non-relativistic, non-quantum systems. Just because you found that light bends around stars doesn't mean that all the basic experiments you did on the earth that didn't seem to show that bending 50 years ago were all a lie. Your old experiments were still valid! You just weren't looking at a scale where such effects were important: those mirrors and lenses didn't have enough mass to make the light bend enough for you to measure it (the deviations were but small fractions of the markings on your ruler) so you simply didn't see such effects. When you do look at that scales*, however, you'll see divergence from theory, and thus the cycle repeats, and the boundaries of understanding are pushed forward. We never forgot the old theory, we just find where it fails and how it really was only correct for a smaller scale than we thought it was. Think about science as the old explorers of Columbus' day; they had a very small view of the world, but as they explored, they found that they could add new features to their maps. Nothing about their old maps of Europe had changed though! May be new technology had made the maps more refined, but discovering the West Indies didn't make Germany south of France! It's similar for science. Nothing about modern physics makes us doubt a lot of Newton's results, we just know he wasn't 100% correct. Color me surprised. I'm actually a buckeye where Mr. Wheeler hails from. This fact and after watching his speech a couple of months ago, perhaps that is why I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I guess I was wrong about him. I have a question for those more knowledgeable about this than me: compare this to recent EU [1] votes on net neutrality. What do you think, will this give European internet companies an advantage over ones here (specifically startups that don't have the big bucks to shell out to the large internet providers)? [1] http://gigaom.com/2014/04/03/european-parliament-passes-stro... Well, this is not quite equivalent, but consider mobile platforms. Streaming makes much more sense there given the tighter storage constraints. Are the lawsuits the only difficulty? Is precedent so important for something like the FCC? I can imagine it, I guess. I'm asking out of curiousity. The fact that these names are considered "similar" to such names ("Juan Gonzales, but "Claire Smith" too?) are shady but "Brad Anderson" and "Steven Smith" are worth responding too basically demonstrates the authors' point. Edit: Before I'm further downflagged by people who haven't at least skimmed the paper, I should point out that I'm referring to the actual names used in the study, I'm not being racist myself. Depressing, but interesting. I find it interesting that even before you have a life, you start out with hope. What does that mean, I wonder? Hope of your parents? Society (for that "someone" who will make a difference)? There once was a graduate level electrodynamics homework assignment that I waited* until 5-6 hours before the due time to start (it was due at 11:59 PM). An hour until, I found it so difficult that I gave up and decided to turn it in late. So, I left the physics building and walked to a 24 hour coffee shop for coffee, and as I walked, I thought about a particular problem, flipping the system around in my head. I then came across the solution midwalk. Of course, at that point, it was too late to finish it and submit it on time, but it shows how taking time to step back and relax can be conducive to thought as opposed to sharp focus. I find that focus is important when I already know what to do (I just have to just code it or I have to just calculate it) as opposed to _figuring_out_ what to do. *I didn't wait until then out of negligence, I had enrolled in too many classes last semester and it became close to what I could handle. I still don't see how a book with text's "realness" helps. I don't see how flat paper with ink printings is "tactile" enough and not in fact just as abstract as any method of digesting information second or third hand (at a computer terminal, reading a newspaper, attending a lecture, etc.) vs. our evolution's first method of information gathering: experience; you know, going outside, feeling a rock, finding your way through town and mapping it out in your head... I'm 24, but I still remember before the internet became what it is today and even then, reading was considered "boring" by everyone other than nerds because, surprise! it was a pretty abstract activity. I think the real factor is the preference for paper and the learned habits with reading on it. People simply have learned first to "deep read" with books, so they read/learn easier since they can tap those already familiar (perhaps subconcious) habits without having to figure out new ones. Unfortunately, phone and tablet screens are associated with mindless or at least light reading and aversion, not deep cognition, so perhaps that's why there is some observed deficit in reading on them. Still, I'm going to accept the "science is not quite settled" part of the article. Obviously there is some deficit ninnsome cases but we don't know why. In this case the energy that goes into creating the e+e- pairs far outweighs the energy you get out. For example, given that this is Quantum Mechanics, there is a non-zero but not necessarily close to one probability of creating a pair from a given pair of photons. One could imagine the other light that didn't interact would just escape to the environment. You can conceptualize this as an photon produced to pair created efficiency, and I don't see it for any reason being very big. Then again, I'm not sure I understand the experiment, for example, I'm not sure how a blackbody spectrum helps in the breit-wheeler process. I think that the light colliding at a perpendicular incidence helps, but other than that, I can't see how the spectrum of radiation matters...like how is using a blackbody spectrum is better than, say, a monochromatic laser? I think I'd have to look at the paper once it gets out. I don't think the idea is to accelerate electrons. It is to produce e+e- pairs. I think the thing that distresses me the most is that any attempt that has been made to alleviate the situation (like the common core) has been stamped "big government" by people who seem to _not_ understand the urgency of this situation. I'm out of ideas. What do we do? EDIT: added a not. Wow did that change what I meant to say. The whole point of the common core, from my understanding was to be vague enough to let local governments decide how best to implement it. They were trying to avoid "one size fits all." Having everyone in the same page with regards to an overall standard seems good in my book. I think the interesting thing was even middle class kids demonstrated poor performance too. The problem us spread wider across the distribution rather than abysmal performance by a minority such so that it pulled down the average (to me, that never really made sense in my intuition). It depends on when you start to force it down their throats :) The earlier in their education that they are pushed to reason more rigorously (again, within reason) the easier it will be for them to accept mire rigorous education earlier. Still, I really agree with you though that a cultural shift will be best, but I'm not sure how this ever will happen. I think it is very much worth caring where the average is. This average person will grow up to become a voter and taxpayer and we need intelligent citizens to vote in competent representatives. Philosopher kings never happened, otherwise, just making sure the smartest get smarter would be okay; we have a democracy and the only way to make it work is to have informed citizens. Supposedly a listing of accidental commits of the text ":wq" and variants where the coder really meant to save the file in vim and quit. One strange possibility this may imply is that some people still untouched by the modern world are really not conscious and introspective. What a weird proposition. Also, those of us who do not share direct ancestry with modern cultures (I am a pacific islander), our cultures would possibly not have had consciousness until our contact with outsiders...for my culture, that would be around the late 1700s. Our oral history does talk about gods, demigods and such. Looking back at most of the oral legends, they tend to be about the gods and mythical events that teach us morals. I think there was one story that might show introspection (a god child who was found in the woods and was raised by human parents) although something like true higher order thinking? I'm not sure, I'd have to think a bit. Still, it's such an interesting idea. Perhaps that is one way to test the hypothesis, comparing notes with first contacts with indigenous, uncontacted peoples. I guess I might be an amoral degenerate, because I found the beginning rather funny. As long as these are consenting adults (save the creepy touching on that one date), what's wrong? I think it was on second thought that I found the whole idea a bit strange, all of this money spent just to give a few tech men dates? This is just pure awesome. It is so awesome, that I was jealous of the author for not being able to do this first, I almost didn't upvote it out of that jealously--it's that good. Keep up the good work! (I'm working on hacking together sims myself but for a larger project--I'm part of a computation group at some state uni modeling HED plasmas.) The original sentence most likely contained the words "reflecting the demographics of the country." >math is careening towards you and you should brace for impact Hilarious, another great article from Mr. Kun. I'm surprised no one has suggested this yet. In python >Write a program that seemingly adds the numbers 2 and 2 a=2+2 >and outputs 5. print(5) Yeah, I know that isn't the intent here, but, following the wording of the contest rules exactly... I think it was shared for its historical interest. While the gist of unix presented here is the same as the unix we know today, obviously many things have changed since the 1980s. I certainly didn't know about it. I had the exact same issue with argparse as the video on the page showed, I always had to look of the documentation to use it or copy and paste it from old scripts to get it to work. This is soo much better, I don't think I'll use argparse again. I'm not sure if this is related, but my father told me about something similar. My father is from and lives now in Palau [1], and the typical internet connection there has a download speed of something like 20 kbps. My dad said something about a company deploying satellites seeking to service unconnected or poorly connected regions, and Palau wanted in. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palau Right. I don't think I've heard of makewords or 'p' to print out a file, although gnu obviously has its substitutes ;) I was going to mention that. I could recognize Dennis Ritchie, Brian Kernighan, and Ken Thompson, but I have never heard of Lorinda Cherry [1]. Apparently, I should have, because she essentially inspired gnu plot utils, which must have had some influence on future plot utilities(?) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorinda_Cherry edit: made a correction, oops You witness what happens when there is only one ISP with no competition (PNCC provides palaunet). A little example at a different scale of what could happen if comcast and time warner were to merge :) >I just wish they would give high-speeds at the last mile and ship in multi-TB drives for local access, while rate-limiting international (satellite uplink) access based on how much one pays. This idea has been around so long but no one has tried to actually tried to do something like this. Moreover, there isn't a lot of "local access" that I know since there arent't many websites on the island to begin with. Something like a local email service would make sense; palaunet's email service is so bad that people rather use services here in the US like gmail. The funny thing is that PNCC and the Palau government had a chance to tap into AAG[1] when it was laid in the 2000s but Palau opted out of it because they thought it wasn't worth the investment. What a mistake... [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAG_%28cable_system%29 Right you are, made an edit. It physically is the only method, as this is an isolated island in the pacific. As I mentioned in a reply to another person in this thread, there was a chance to tap into one of a fiber optic cable that was being laid nearby, but the monopoly corp that provides the internet service decided not to invest in it. Yeah, the wm didn't look that great by modern standards. However, the whole underlying idea is pretty compelling. I'd like to see something like plan9 or inferno retrofitted with a more modern interface, loaded with modern tools and, yes, being built around a more modern language. Nonetheless, I might try a vm of plan9, for fun. Usually, requiring that the state vector in a quantum theory be invariant under a unitary transformation require other fields (what we call gauge fields) be added that end up being representing physical interactions. For example, consider the state vector |y>. The norm is invariant under local U(1) transformations |y> -> e^(-I* T(x,t))|y> For -> = = . (local, as in a function of space-time, is key). Write the state as |y>=v|0> where v is some operator, then saying is invariant is like saying v* v is invariant when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)). In physics, a term ~v* v would represent the potential energy of a spring. To represent the kinetic energy of a spring, we need a term like (d^{\mu}v* )d_{\mu}v where the d_{\mu} represent derivatives w.r.t. space and time (\mu is an index which runs from 0 to 3, 1,2,3 are x,y,z, 0 is time). Here, the U(1) transformation does not leave this term valid, because the derivative acts on the e^(-I T(x,t)) too... However, if one were to make the replacement d^{\mu} -> d^{\mu} - I e A^{\mu}(x,t) where when v -> v e^(-I* T(x,t)) we have that A^{\mu} -> A^{\mu} - d^{\mu} T(x,t) one can show (this doesn't have to be obvious!) that then the Lagrangian ~(D^{\mu}v)* D_{\mu}v - v* v (where D is the new "covariant derivative" we described above) is now invariant under local U(1) transformations. It turns out that this Lagrangian, completely written out, looks a lot like classical electromagnetism, and it is, and A^{\mu} is the "4-vector potential". In fact, A^0 represents the good old electric potential V that I'm sure you nerds are quite familiar with. I'm not sure how enlightening that was, but at least you've seen the start of QED :) Now, for this "monster group" ... from here [0] it seems that apparently, gravity in 2+1 dimensions seems dual to this particular group, that is, take the quantum state with that operator |y>=v|0> (v is what we call a creation operator in QFT, it "creates" particles mathematically; in string theory, it creates "vibrations on the string") that under monster group transforms, apparently whatever Lagrangian Witten made out of the v's in conformal field theory (something I should note is not my field, so I may be off here) the gauge group that might be needed would represent gravity. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monstrous_moonshine#Conjectured... I think my argument is that we will find new things to store on our PC's similar to how we found new stuff to store on our PC's from the 90s till now. I guess it is hard to imagine, but let's dream a bit...one ridiculous possibility that I've thought about is consider something like google glass. Imagine recording every moment of your day from your smart phone, and not just when you wake up. Why would you do this? Well, may be there for little things like having a meeting with someone and you want to remember details without writing it down. Why take the time to record it manually when you have the ability to do it in HD, for cheap? Again, this is hard to imagine wanting to do especially for privacy reasons, but were things like facebook and twitter easy to imagine in the 80s? As things things have changed, so have social norms...I'm not saying this is a good or bad thing, I'm just stating an observation. So, I happen to not have any HD vids on my laptop at the moment, but I have a normal video on my laptop that is 10 minutes long that is 70 MB. For something like recording video for 10 hours say, that's 6 * 70 * 10~4GB. So, yeah that's about 250 days (little less than a year) on your smart phone at 1 TB ignoring all other things (full seasons of vids of shows, as another commenter mentioned, stuff like raw gps data that could be added to the video, other things), so may be it isn't quite reaching the limit but it's a good example for how as we have more space for stuff, it is possible to imagine finding more things to fill your smartphone's new TB of storage with. As in shuffing around our terabytes of "illicit" storage by hiding terabyte thumbdrives in our sneakers? I wasn't referring to technical aspects, I was referring to social aspects. I'll admit I wasn't born in the 80's, but even when I was a kid in the 90's, I couldn't imagine sharing my day-to-day interactions with 100's of people. In the Foyer...there's ET??? EDIT: Screencap: http://postimg.org/image/6gggn4rsz/ EDIT 2: Btw, I love it. I'm having fun trying to get to the lower decks. Am I missing something? How does comparing GDP to obesity rates give any evidence that it is female hormones specifically that correlate with obesity? I'll admit I've only read the abstract and looked at the figures but I'm still lost how A gets to B here... My field of study and my experience is not in medicine or public health, but GDP vs. obesity rates seems like poor evidence for this particular hypothesis. For example, one hypothesis I can think about that explains this is that in developing countries, it could be possible that women are often homemakers, and therefore, they don't have as much physical exercise as their male peers. In developed countries, where women are more free to work, the obesity rates are comparable... I mean, I don't see a slam dunk "See, it's female hormones!" There could be a number of things from culture to lifestyle choices to work-life balance that can have affect on obesity that might correlate with GDP. They should have at least controlled against that, and I see no evidence of it. The correlation itself is interesting, even without the female hormones. Right, I personally can't get past the foyer. Just to point out, the last two sound like it's due to the current implementation (compiler) being new, so it isn't so upsetting at all. Now, not supporting functors is odd, though. Intriguing, apparently the majority of people access HN from school!? I thought us students were a minority here. It's also odd that India ranks so highly for slashdot...it's been a running meme there to remind posters not to keep a US only perspective. Dreaming big is good, but may be that goal is off by an order of magnitude or two? For comparison, just look at [1]. I'm not discouraging, but what startup even has the potential to hope to employ even 100000 individuals within the next 10 years? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_employers_in_th... "Why is fortran so fast" reminded me of this [1] [1] http://unriskinsight.blogspot.com/2014/06/fast-functional-go... No offence, but you calling the STL "total crap" can lend others to claim you haven't given the STL a serious try as well. A related stackexchange question on critisms of the STL [1] [1] http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/268/stl-for-games... Question, how do you over multiple long lists (in python 2) especially if zip itself takes a long time to zip them, for example. Awesome! I knew there was some lazy zip-ish thing for python 2. I personally hate using range(len(foo)) as anyone else. Fix the url. It might have to do with some of the comments posted here. Wow, I'm actually below the median...and I thought that I lived well. I'd be interested to see data from other countries. I'm trying to make the same decision you are. The thinking goes that yes, at least a MS is something for the two years you will have spent there and you can demand a higher salary with a MS over a BS. W.r.t. being suspicious, who cares? Tell them outright your plans, and if they have any sense of decency, they will support you anyway. Ffs stop with this! s (center of mass energy squared) does not need to get larger if what matters is statistics! Things like rep rate and number per second are more interesting quantities to improce, imho. The future I want to see are smaller accelerators driven by things like laser and plasma acceleration. We don't need another LHC. You apparently were flagged by a theoretical physicist. A lot of "physicists" nowadays forget that we're supposed to be scientists, not dreamers. Dreams are nice, but experiment and observations valid theory. I agree. Unless this has some modifications to the current model of the big bang which leads to _observable_effects_ , I don't know if this theory could even be validated as...well theory. I use the definition for theory as a hypothesis that has received sufficient experimental validation. So, by definition, many of the frontier quantum-gravity stuff doesn't fit this, unfortunately as compelling and fascinating as they are. Again, I'm just agreeing with what s/he said, that unless we have experiment/observation, we don't know whether this really describes our universe's origins and/or evolution. While I do not want to distract from your main point, I think it is important to discriminate knowledge from rote memorization. Memorization and understanding are _not_ mutually exclusive, in fact, if you don't memorize/know anything, you don't have anything to work your understanding on. I am a graduate student in Physics, and admittedly not in Caltech or one of it's peers, but I find that "memorization" (or, as I would put it, familiarity) is very important for understanding. I can't spend my time looking up formulae, I have to be able to just pull it out, or visualize it, at least. As the content I work with becomes more complex, I need to have more and more of the things I'm working on as part of my knowledge, ie., I need to memorize. If it isn't in my head, how can I put it all together? I used to think I could get by without committing much to memory, but I find that I am more efficient if I add more to memory than I was willing to in undergrad. Nonetheless, you are right to persecute those who emphasize memorization over understanding, formula plugging over understanding what a formula means because that seems to be the direction of education that is most threatening nowadays. And yes, memorization is easier than understanding. It seems like one of the articles where the lead sentence should really have a link to a recorded pronunciation, especially on the english wikipedia. Not to act too serious about nicks here, but his/er handle is "C--", after all. Freaking hilarious. You brightened my day sir. I am an outsider who is starting to touch javascript but I have my history in scripting and numerical sims. Is all this stuff about node.js really something revolutionary or is it hype? "Drone Warfare Guru and Alligator Enthusiast" I think it's about time I jump on the js bandwagon then. To be honest, I read your comment as sarcastic. I'd add that emotion cannot be uncoupled from some policy decisions. A wonderful example is gay marriage. There is no "data" one can fit to decide whether it is right or wrong to permit/recognize as valid. If all US states decided to legalize gay marriage or ban it, there is no way anyone could decide whether it was a "net benefit" to society, mostly because homosexuals are a minority of the population. The rights of any minority, granted they are small enough to be but a ringing ontop of your signal, it shouldn't matter if you are just thinking like a utilitarian. So, from whence comes individual rights? The usual argument is, "imagine if that were you!"--that's empathy. More seriously, we guarantee individual rights for others because that means we have them for ourselves. This leads to my second point: I think the reason empathy even is a thing is that we are inherently selfish, and for anything to be really done for the "greater good" individuals need to either have a stake in that greater good or they need to trick their selfish selves into thinking they are actually in that situation too, which, again is empathy. Empathy works for the most part. It sounds like the author is trying to fix something that isn't broken. I'd say the current problems in Washington are in fact a lack of both listening to data _and_ a lack of empathy. I think more empathy would be beneficial, not detrimental. This is freaking cool by itself, but the video gave me an interesting idea: what if you used this as an IDE for coding in general? You wouldn't need to have multiple monitors, you'd have 360 degrees of stuff to look at. Then again, the idea of being cut off from the outside world with only your code to look at might be a less salient idea, so why not put a camera on this thing, then you could have "projected windows", basically like the holographic interface of tony stark without the holograms. I personally think that would be pretty cool. As a true nerd, the way I want the future to be would like in star trek; take a person like Picard in the 24th century, with their all-knowing computer a voice command and their replicators and their ease of transport via the transporter, but strand him on a desert planet, he's able to figure shit out, improvise, and survive. Technology is just an augment to the good life and an augment for good people. Lazy people being lazy with technology or otherwise have existed in the past as they do today, I haven't seen _convincing_ evidence that modern tech increases the numbers of lazy,incompetent people. I'm not sure what he means by "flow of time" but I don't think he meant what you argued against. I think he's arguing against the notion that time is like some sort of continuum like a river, or like an axis on a map. As someone who has been thinking of leaving physics graduate school (and I've been "running" simulations of plasmas too), this is somewhat encouraging. So it turns out I love espresso, but I don't drink alcohol. Does that put me in the "freak of nature" category? So, what do we do? From one graduate student to another, do we decide to keep sucking toes and complain about it later or do we actually do something about it? A lot of comments have already been posted here, so it's most likely the case that this won't be seen, but I feel like sharing. One of my problems about complaints for "diversity" is that for many people, it's usually "why isn't _my_ kind represented so I can hang out with them instead of X group?" Whites are happy to be with whites, blacks seems to be content mixing with blacks, latinos with latinos, asians with asians, etc. People only seem to complain when they are the only asian or the only black kid around, and they feel left out. Sure, that's normal to feel, but I don't see how having isolated equivalence classes makes any set of people "diverse" or any happier, save the people feel at home with their baramin. May be for me, I'm just so interested in other cultures and people that I (try to) make friends with all races and (more importantly) individuals. Or may be it's because I don't have a "kind" to mix with as elaborated below. In any case, the version of diversity that I want accepting and being friends with someone even when that person isn't like you. It means giving a chance to those who aren't like you, and may be finding common bonds that you both could share. It means being interested and respecting others viewpoints, while not necessarily changing your own. Hell, this covers not just race relations, but sexual orientation, gender, a host of other things, right? I'm a pacific islander and an "enrichment fellow" at some physics graduate program somewhere. Yes, that's code for a diversity/affirmative action fellowship, I suppose. I am a minority, but something that makes my experience different from others is that I didn't grow up with "my kind" because not many of "my kind" exist (probably around 100,000 in the world in order of magnitude). I grew up in Long Beach, CA surrounded by people of different backgrounds and races (mostly white, I guess), and went to a Catholic private school. In fact, I moved back to Palau [1] and hated it at first because I didn't fit in. It's probably because of this background that makes me really not understand the concept of race and especially identifying with it. Identifying with a culture or subculture makes some sense to me--I have bits of Palau and bits of US culture in my personality because I lived in both places--and that is as far as it matters to me, how much that affects your personality. I do in general find cultures interesting as anyone would, but in evaluating a person, I really only care about personality. [1] "Moved back to"? I like to think of it as my parents moved back and 8 year old me came along, I had never been in Palau before. I'm not sure how hiring a diverse team (only) will help. It seems like it will just create two different groups within the same company/workgroup that stick together and don't talk to one another. Sure, the minorities will feel more comfortable, but I think communication and acceptance between all parties will help overcome the "out of place" feeling in a much more enlightened way--a much more enlightened way instead of hiring people for your odd men/women out to hang out with instead of those _other_ people. Now, if hiring a diverse team forces the old team to start realizing their biases and become more accepting, that a great way to start to overcome those barriers, but I think the understanding is far more important than just having a higher percentage of people of other races. I discuss my opinion on this in my comment below. It sounds like you're asking whether "minds" are communicating or whether one mind is simply controlling the motor parts of another body. The latter makes me uncomfortable, but this is just another reminder that we are probably[1] machines after all. [1] I don't want to start a determinism/free will debate. I don't think I've actually seen any sort of debates on HN, but just in case. I had no idea Kip Thorne was a producer for this. For non-physicists, Thorne is one of the authors of _the_ general relativity book for graduates, _Gravitation_ [1]. It's this huge telephone book sized tome that was published in 1973, and while it has fallen behind the times with respect to experimental data included in it, it is still unparallelled in scope and depth today in covering Einstein's theory. I certainly enjoyed the movie, and I really loved the visualizations of a wormhole and of the large spinning black hole, things you usually have to imagine as a physicist without ever seeing with your eyes. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Gravitation-Physics-Series-Charles-Mis... At least give him credit for doing one right thing, I think that's fair. Which especially makes it better that he finally has done it. He deserves criticism and his motives deserve criticism, but I'm just happy that he decided to support it after all. While your concerns are valid and should be discussed, I don't think they warrant backing down from supporting what Obama calls for here and what we've generally been calling for, reclassifying ISPs under title II. I'm not aware that being under title II gives them a requirement (explicitly or implicitly) or an incentive[1] to filter "unlawful" content. I agree with GP that the issue of snooping is important but is an issue unrelated to net neutrality (other than that they both concern the internet). [1] That is, an incentive greater than the pressure they've received in the past from law enforcement/the NSA/the CIA already. Ironically, the fact they changed the rules speaks against your claim that Obama could easily instate who he wanted. In fact, from the article you posted, it gives a graph that shows that more filibusters have been filed in the previous three senates than have been in recent history. This [1] shows a breakdown that includes filibusters of nominations. To further refute your point, the appointment relevant to the discussion, Wheeler, assumed office after the rule change[2]. [1] http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2013/11/21/us/politics/se... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Wheeler While I've suspected that the "deep state" as you and your source calls it are "behind the scenes", Obama did come out in support of the intelligence community after the Snowden leaks, so he certainly did not oppose them completely. [1] While I'm happy Obama is supporting net neutrality, I don't find him blameless. [1] You didn't explicitly say that Obama really desired to reign in this "deep state," just that any attempt to do so would be difficult. If you did not mean that, I apologize. I bought one of these in 2009 or 2010. I've yet to see my $450 open pandora and I periodically get emails asking for more money because of "financial issues." I'm no businessman, but that whole thing seemed like a prime example of mis-management. If they've really made it past all those rough spots like that weird manufacturer in Texas, then hats off to them. It's entirely possibly my name and number in line were lost in the void and mistakes like that happen. If they're really still going, at least $450 went to the development of open source and open hardware, and I don't consider that a complete loss. Anything is better than knowing I contributed to vaporware. EDIT: Looks like ED is still going. Good luck to him. My worst HN comment was "Freaking Hilarious. You made my day, sir." I guess I'm back in Catholic grade school where "freak" was a strong word. I'm curious what this means for mono, then. >I know images of a bleak and soulless future rings more bells at the box office than visions of a verdant tech-enabled one. Interstellar, I'm hoping, re-inspires some of us to dream about science once again. I've been using emacs for years and I didn't know a few of these tricks! I've been meaning to dig deeper, and things like this site are a great way to whet my appetite. I've talked to Korean friends and they don't want reunification to happen, at least the younger generation do not. After living a life seeing nothing but hatred come from the other side as well as unprovoked attacks on innocent civilians, it's not surprising that that opinion exists. Certainly, the younger generation does not remember a unified Korea at all. It seems like the rest of the world wants them to reunite, but they don't want to. Thank you. That's a very refreshing comment to hear. I don't believe I really meant to say that South Koreans see the North as an enemy but I can see it being understandable that one would feel more lukewarm about being reunited with a group that seems to hate you so much. I think that's why I really appreciate you saying this, because you dream for peace while many see and experience strife. That's very admirable. Honestly, I personally think it would be almost romantic to see your country reunited. However, I'm not Korean, so I have no right to tell you reunion is right, or not right, and I'm concerned that sometimes, us as westerners seem to assume that this is best for this or that country, even when those in that country wish for something else. Either way, I wish you all the best. Perhaps then, the question is how much of the responsibility lies with the South after such a thing occurs. Would SK simply annex NK or would something like a joint/international humanitarian effort to help NK survive and may be start its own government be better? Honestly, I don't have any right to say one way or the other is right because I'm not even Korean, I just think that we in the west need to stop taking as a hypothesis that if NK collapses that it is SK's responsibility. I think it is up to the South Koreans to decide whether they want that, and not us [1]. [1] And yes, that's what this article is about, the government is preparing for this contingency, but as we in the west know, our government doesn't always do what we want. First of all, I thank you for responding and bringing statistics to this conversation. You are right that I seemed to have generalize what my friends said to all young Koreans, at least in the way I wrote it. I should have been more careful with what I said. I think the article you linked actually gives ammunition to my claim that as time passes and memories fade with them, reunification is becoming less popular. I mean, the headline ends with the clause: "dreams of unity fade into past for young South Koreans." One of the 20-somethings interviewed here opposes unification based on economic and financial grounds. As another poster commented, though, a majority still do support reunification. With respect to my saying the rest of the world wants them to reunite, I admit that was hyperbole. The reason I said it was that every single comment on this story so far started with the assumption that reunification was right and we want it to happen[1]. I think something closer to the truth is that a lot of us in the western world don't necessarily want to see reunification happen as much as we want the North Korean government to fail. Anyone who has heard about the famines and seen pictures of children dead in the street would want that. Reunification, of course, would be the "natural" step after that. However, it's ironic that for many South Koreans, they are simply indifferent, or outright opposed to the idea. So, I what I was pointing to was the fact that while a lot of us in the west seem to think reunification is the end goal, a significant number of Koreans, the actual people who we are discussing, do not favor it. I felt it was fair to point that out since the conversation at the time seemed to have hinged on the assumption that it was the right thing and the South Koreans themselves wants to go along with it. Somewhat related, but this [2] has always stuck with me. This video was aired back during the time when tensions were running high and CNN was ablaze with talk about Kim Jong-Un and the NK state-run media said this and that, etc. At that time, I was considering studying in SK for grad school, and the typical response involved some shock that I'd want to go to a warzone. It's ironic that in SK itself, people were much more interested in their pop culture, their daily lives, than the hatred spewing from up North that was littering our news articles here in the west. [1] So by "the rest of the world", I meant, "you all in the room", the kind of hyperbole you let out when you want to say a dissenting word against the common opinion. [2] http://www.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/international/2013/0... Ｑｕｉｔｅ ａ ｗａｙ ｔｏ ｍａｋｅ ｔｈｅ ｐｏｉｎｔ． For those of you who actually are interested in digging in, I have to warn you: ROOT is terrible, really terrible. It could have been designed much better. One fantastic example that irked me when I used it is its extensive use of global objects. It's been quite a while so I don't remember the exact details, but I recall trying to open a number of files and having that fail because the global file object wasn't properly changed. And note that this was from an example copied verbatim from the internet. I just did a quick look through my comp and I can't find the stuff I did then, but I really doubt it was something as simple as forgetting to close it or call its destructor. Perhaps part of the issue is that I'm used to programming with normal C++, so _their_ C++ was hard to get used to. For example ROOT expects you to create objects on the heap--I recall ROOT failing when you tried to allocate objects on the stack. Part of it might just be that, I'm used to fantastic, easy to use and well thought out libs like the STL. From what I understand, the data is owned by CERN and not open to the public. It has been said before, but it deserves mention, there are alternatives to Systemd out there, like OpenRC which has been around for a while, and other, newer projects like Uselessd. Of course, whether those other options will be as well supported and developed as systemd remains to be seen. I was hoping to hear some opinions from designers here on Free Font. I'm no graphic artist, but I personally always liked the typeface and thought it doesn't get nearly as much love and attention as the other libre/free types out there. As all of us who stand on the outside, it's hard for us to judge based on media reports. I've heard both reports about the various autopsies that make it sound either like Brown was reaching for the gun or wasn't. Honestly, especially given what happened to a 12 year old boy [0] today, I think we should consider we equipping police officers with cameras (or at least their cruisers with them) and require by law that they be recording always. [0] http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/11/24/clevela... I'm curious, how far into your academic career were you when you dropped out? Post-doc? Grad student? >I already knew how to program, but saw it as a drudge job -- easy but ultimately boring if you were doing it for someone else. Hmm, that sounds like grad school, to be honest. The difference is it is _hard_ and ultimately boring because you're doing it for someone else. >During the time that I was in school, the people who seemed to be doing the coolest things with computers were the physicists. Hmmm. My experience with "computational physics" is 1) Run the simulation, probably in 2D a) because the codes suck and are written by subpar programmers b) your analysis scripts are dumb and only work if you output everything, so your simulation spends most of its time in IO 2) Plot the outputs in matlab. Bullshit your way through understanding as if you understand it, write papers,make presentations, enjoy your pizza parties because that's all you have in your life. May be I just have a bad choice of groups to choose from. This is my opinion, though, so take it with a grain of salt. I'm curious what this fellow's experience after leaving was. One (might) pay off and benefit the world, or it may flop and you have to move onto your next one. One (might) be influential, or it may be relegated to the annals of some obscure journal, never to read or cared about. Still, there might be a pay off for one (monetary). The other buys your "academia points". The pay-off is a little more suspect on the academic's side, I think. A much more accurate statement is you might not get tenure if you're not high-impact, but you certainly won't if you aren't. Also, of course you are evaluated in anything in life, from the desk to the friendly get-together. The issue with academia has always been its ROI. You invest a lot into the academic life, your time, your youth, your energy, your mental state, all to graduate close to 30 make a salary some of the people you tutor make fresh out of college? All while working 50-60 hour weeks...it isn't quite the life. Perhaps being in a start-up requires such dedication too, but that can be seen a risk that can yield a great reward. For academe, there is no reward, save the "academic points." This [1] says it well. At least if you work hard and stress and have no life in the "real world", you'd have the chance of monetary compensation. Really, in academia, unless you are lucky enough to become a tenure prof, all you have is your pride that you understand something no else cares to. That, and the occasional free pizza and beer. [1] http://100rsns.blogspot.com/2010/10/25-academe-is-built-on-p... I say in the second sentence in that paragraph that it is unless you become a tenured professor that you have nothing but your pride. I recall a study once that indentified a university, tenured professor as the lowest stress to pay ratio job in existence. Of course, few in the academy can reach tenure-ship given the over-supply, so you most likely will toil as a post-doc for a long time in academia. And no, the jobs you are thinking of are certainly not just as unavailable. For fuck's sake man, the number of university positions in the US for my field, physics, is in the single thousands...universities themselves have 3000 jobs in total[0]. That's total number...and this is with 1700 PhD's awarded per year[1]. It looks a little better for you in compsci [2],[3], so may be you have a right to be more optimistic than me. Perhaps an important thing here is the area of study. Physics, IMO, is pretty bleak, especially for theorists. [0] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes192012.htm [1] http://www.aip.org/sites/default/files/statistics/rosters/ph... [2] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/naics4_611300.htm#15-0000 [3] http://cra.org/uploads/documents/resources/crndocs/2013-Taul... I learned Julia in a week and implemented a EM test particle integrator in a couple of hours. Julia is fantastic, easy, and fast. Continuing this pedantry, one could argue s/he isn't claiming that what people _do_ be worth all the stars in the heaven, etc. This guy "getting a house in Montana" is him specifically rejecting that his worth is only his salary or position or career...even his pride. His sanity at least was worth it somewhat for him to take a sabbath to regain it. I guess the next question then is what is it we value in ourselves and how do wee determine it? That's a harder question. I for one am tired of people ripping the medium, whether it be cellphones or instagram or the internet, people need to realize that it's the message, not the medium. Wait, OP said that. Ironically, that very statement is a fantastic counterargument to everything s/he says. Saying that the internet is unreliable is like saying books are unreliable. It's such a general statement that it can't be taken seriously. I'm curious, when does this ever happen? College? After college in an internship? A dream with a flaming pie? I was thinking of a sort of violent version of _Up_, in which Carl launches his house by shooting an assortment of machine guns attached to the bottom his house to propel it upwards instead of using balloons. "Usmanov hailed Watson one of the greatest biologists in the history of mankind." Does anyone have a link to a longer statement from Usmanov? So, I thought serotonin was basically the "happiness" hormone. Wouldn't inhibiting serotonin have side-effects like making them feel depressed or at least less happy? Can any biologists comment? EDIT: as a replier mentioned, it's discussed in the article. Taking that hypothesis, do you suppose that the lengthening of the life expectancy of developed countries has had a negative impact on said countries? Or do you think about life prolongation is a good thing up to a point? Interesting, so could one say being negative is easier, but expanding/adding to an idea is harder? I personally find that somewhat true. The issue is people look at upvotes but read comments. An upvote doesn't say as much as a comment does (quite literally). Reading his comment, he seems to be referring to normal users, not things like scientific cluster jobs. Still, I'm kind of upset with his comment. I speak from ignorance, but I'm not sure the OP has another choice, being located in Palestine and all. I'm curious, do you think it would be beneficial to make a list of where you got your ideas from? Like a sort of list of citations for your model of the world. Perhaps if this coincides with the rise of the machine replacing cheap labor, this might actually be a good thing, but something like a BIG would be needed to supply the non-working with income. http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4687v2.pdf I'd think that solar manufacturing is something that is politically desirable in the eyes of the powers that be as opposed to manufacturing other goods. Tariffing solar panels as opposed to these other goods is consistent with that. In a way, they are right about it being against the twitter terms of use, and twitter should comply because it's their rules anyway. Still, can twitter be "held responsible"? It kind of sounds like you holding a bar tender responsible for drugs being traded in her bar. Even if she was aware of it, why not arrest the actual culprits? Any lawyers care to comment? Imagine posting this somewhere like 4chan or reddit First off, I have seen no evidence that that is the "biggest outcome." Also, how do you know such things are inevitable? I see no evidence that is true either. Ungil Kurismas (Palauan)! Probably my favorite post on HN right now. Happy Holidays to all. That assumes that it would have to happen more often than %50 of the time, which I think is impossible. For particle physics phenomenology, that's essentially what the field is, people developing physical models and predicting what would be observed due to such models in other experiments...since it's not exactly easy to perform particle physics experiments. I've found that it helps me when I get feedback, like I finish some major functionality or feature, I feel fantastic when I see it work and during my working time, I think about that feature and can't wait to get back to it. When I stop in the middle where there is no discernible change or a feature is not fully implemented, when it passes my mind during work or free time, I think about how broken it is, and I feel like I'm heading back to a broken bike, which is not too exciting. It's hard, especially when a particular feature needs days/weeks of effort. For that sort of thing, you just need to persistent, I guess. This issue can be helped if we stop referring to low level parts as an "OS" like Linux or even GNU tools but refer to individual distros as OS'es, like Ubuntu or ElementaryOS, etc. This at least creates the impression of unification under one banner, which I think is what the article is asking for. I'm no expert, but based on the parent, I think it comes down to what he means by "library hash." If it's a hash (like a checksum) of the whole shared library, then different versions would have different hashes, theoretically. I'm 24, so I'm not much of a youngster, but I've used youtube as my sole media entertainment site since 2008. From my experience, I've come across many individuals in academia who I've tried to suggest particular approaches to their choice of problem and be rejected because they are too proud or too afraid to learn something new. I'm not trying to be an ass when I do, because that would undermine my attempt to share information, but something as simple as suggesting "for i in list:" instead of "for i in range(len(list))):" is so offensive to them since they didn't learn it first when they learned how to program (and god-forbid they learn it from a second year graduate student). May be biologists or people at Stanford (or biologists at Stanford) are less proud, but my experience here has made me stop trying to relate basic programming concepts to fellow academics. You're probably right about it seeming rude, comparing it to grammar advice makes is a good analogy--I didn't think about it like that. Sounds more like confirmation bias than cognitive dissonance. Still, nice read. WRT HEP experiments, I'm hoping the developments in laser acceleration of charged particles leads to accelerator-like experiments being much cheaper and thus more easily doable for smaller groups and labs, it would at least increase the number of variations in conditions. But, you're right about scientists assuming a lot about the universe. In cosmology, this is known as the Cosmological Principle[0], which is expressed in the language of the field as homogeneity of the matter distribution of the universe. Implicit hypotheses with this is that fundamental constants are constant and the laws of physics are the same. The basic idea is the assumption that the Earth is not special, therefore, experiments done here, while accounting for particular effects like earth's gravity, being a non-inertial frame, etc., would be representative of any point other point of space. And it's not that this is a bad assumption. For example, spectra analysis of elements on earth has given us good ways to figure out the elements of stars far out of reach, and it is one hell of a coincidence that the spectra we see in stars is so similar to elements here like hydrogen and helium that one can't assume that earth was just gifted with these elements while other parts weren't. This is just one example of the success of this assumption. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmological_principle You say that causa sui or at least cyclic cause is troublesome without saying why. I'm curious for your reasoning. 50% really isn't a lot if you're talking about 18 total incidents, but this still is a pretty cool idea. It would be interesting if someone tried this in one of these larger cities with high rises like Singapore. You'd create a smaller groups with a sense of community while still giving members the benefits of living in a large city. The reason I thought of this is it reminded me of a strategy of using small bible study groups being employed in a large church that was part of my alma mater. The idea is that it was easier and more intimate in these small groups, so they'd have the ability to hold more personal sutdy sessions. Of course, they still belonged to the main body and had those advantages, such as a larger number of volunteers, etc. Something like that could create the "small town atmosphere" many city dwellers seek without destroying the city. One of the things I was hoping I'd hear people comment on here what Miller says towards the end, that perhaps Kish's aversion to physical closeness, perhaps "loving" in general, and a desire to be independent, were mutually exclusive. While, I personally would agree there is an argument that being a helicopter parent does not help build a sense of independence in someone, I'm really curious if it really is true that a desire of closeness to others in general is really the opposite of that. I guess it makes some sense naively (independence or apartness vs. dependence or together-ness)? But the way I think about it is that a desire to be independent needs to be tempered with a desire to socialize and be close with others. May be they are orthonormal axes in a person's "personality space," but a healthy balance of both will give a person a good norm overall. This seems opposite of what they hint at toward the end, that these two qualities may not be orthogonal but in fact, anti-parallel. Perhaps Daniel's aversion helped him overcome the enormous odds against him, an entire culture that put that "blind" label on him and would have necessarily pulled him far into that the more "dependent" side--I mean, that was the point on the whole rest of the episode. It was needed for him given the extreme pressure he was under from this culture. Still, I hope that for many other people who do not have this extreme desire for independence that they need not be forced into it just so that the rest of us see them as equal. That certainly is not fair for them if they do not desire it. I say all this because while I have a close love for a few close friends and family members, I usually like to be independent myself. However, I've learned as I've gotten older that sometimes you need to rely on others even when you think you won't, which isn't easy for me. A healthy balance seems better, as I've reluctantly accepted. I honestly wish I could live on 6 hours of sleep; I feel like I'd get much more done that way. Since college, I've never been able to go without 9 hours of sleep without paying for it the next day or that weekend at the most. So, I'm trying to see whether this applies to us in academia, whether the "nice-but-no-push-over" types are more successful than the sociopaths. Unfortunately, I can't think of one either in real life or from anecdotes shared with me. I think it's different when the system isn't run on money, but pride. EDIT: Actually, I am able to think of one. It is of worth to note that he is pretty clever and a natural born talent and was a child prodigy. Looking at that made me think about us back in the brick-and-mortar version of Khan Academy, us in the university. Our analogous tools like mastering physics and webassign, while they have improved, pale in comparison to Khan Academy's up and coming tools. I'm not so sure this is a fair comparison. Anything that grows proportionally to its population will grow exponentially, math just says it will, and you can't avoid that. You can look at the bacteria itself and see that bacteria divide, and so, you expect this sort of growth, and so, it mathematically follows. It just isn't that way for QM, nothing in nature says that systems have to evolve by a hermitian operator on a fock space, we just know that it gives us the right results. I think part of the issue is that Physicists really care about why, not whether something fits the model. As a 25 year old who did manage to experience Windows 3.1 (although I wasn't allowed on the Internet back then) but also once had turntable[0], I think it's far to say that "nostalgia" isn't really the word for it. I guess it's sort of like for gen-Xer's who like to swing dance, they find a certain quality in it although it certainly is much before their time. May be it is rather superficial, but you can say that about fashion, art, music, choice of programming paradigm (in some cases at least). [0]I should note the records I bought were recorded by people about my age, and they played psychedelic rock that emulated 60's rock and claimed to use "vintage" equipment from their effects pedals to their recording equipment...and they certainly weren't alive in the 60's. I don't really like arguing back and forth, but the way I read that is he is describing calculations in QM, not the "why" behind QM. QM is not a mystery in calculationally, it is a mystery in interpretation. The generalization of probability theory to include "negative" probabilities, really, amplitudes is just the method in quantum mechanics. It's like knowing what a derivative is to obtain exponential population growth. That's just mathematics. No one says people who have solved dN/dt=aN predict that bacteria will grow exponentially, it's just how a system acts like that would behave, and we found an example. But, I've thought a little more about it, I think my original comment was touching a personal bias more than making an argument. I asked, "why does the time evolution operator have to be on a fock space and why do P and X commute like ~i?" I'm not sure physics can answer beyond that at this point, since it matches experiment, we should or could just accept it the way it is. May be there is no "deeper" reason after all. I've always thought how strange it is when people notice and make such a big deal about facebook being down or accessible. It's almost as if fb has become a public utility or something. As others have remarked, one way one can interpret this is it is a testament to their ops' exceptional ability as engineers that such downtime is so noticeable. Fortran 90 is still the language computational stuff is made in today. I'm not convinced, however, that that choice is really for performance reasons over cultural reasons. Still, Fortran 90 is hell of a lot better than Fortran 77, which unfortunately is the language of choice for some of the people I'm being asked to work with. I'm curious (really curious, although this might sound like a troll), have you ever tried a benchmark test on this? Things like this [0] come up every so often, and make me wonder about the efficiency advantage for coding in Fortran. This is also relevant and insightful [1]. The top answer talks about Fortran's strict aliasing semantics. [0] http://unriskinsight.blogspot.com/2014/06/fast-functional-go... [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/146159/is-fortran-faster-... Completely unrelated, but even assuming the author of the article posts here, are you from Columbus OH? I've gone to One-Line Coffee (the source of the first pic) myself a number of times! I think the definition of what is "lawful" is a very important issue we should be concerned with, but it is a separate one from Net Neutrality. I feel like this is still a leap forward on net, and we should be happy for it. I'm curious, how much effect do lobbyists have on the FCC, since they aren't exactly elected officials? The thing is from my experience, most computational individuals would be strongly opposed to FP. They may not have been raised on for loops, but once they learn about for, good luck on having them warm up to the idea of map and reduce. I think the only way you'd succeed is by snatching their young before they go down that path. I don't really see many people warming up to new things aimed at them like Julia or even not-so-new stuff like numpy/matplotlib and friends. If it isn't Fortran or C or matlab, it doesn't ring well with them. Of course, the new kids who don't know programming (or physics yet, perhaps) are ripe for indoctrination of your religion as opposed to theirs. "[T]he observable universe is far too small to contain an ordinary digital representation of Graham's number, assuming that each digit occupies one Planck volume." Sheesh. The thing that people often over extrapolate based on Special Relativity (SR) and other things like Quantum Mechanics (QM) is they think that "relative" (or for QM, "probabilistic") means arbitrary. No, in fact while time is not "absolute", certain things about time for all observers are constrained. For example, the time between events depends on the observer, but use that time separation multiplied by the speed of light--the distance a light ray travels in that time--and take the square of that distance and subtract the square of the distance between said events' locations, this quantity is the same for all observers. This IS a constraint on the "distance" between events in SR. This really isn't the relativity that the author alludes to, but I have something to say about this too. As physicists, we term this "relativity" the author deals with as "dealing with units." Having a concept of time is meaningless without a given scale. For example, for the ultraintense-plasma interactions that I am discussing in the paper I'm writing today, a picosecond is a long time given that the electro-magnetic dynamics I care about happen on the femtosecond scale. For the hydrodynamic simulations my groupmate will work on, picoseconds are the timescales of significance. Of course, when heating the coffee in the cup next to me, the barista measures timescales much larger than this, of the order of seconds, exponentially longer than both of the former scales. Life is a complicated phenomenon which captures dynamics at many scales. Thinking about life can be just as complicated, if you let it. An issue I often see is equating parts of life with other parts and thus, using the same scales for both. This often leads us into trouble. Why does it take my friend an hour to shower while it only takes me ten minutes? If I can write a python script in one day, why the hell does it take this junior dev two weeks to make his? Of course, the same issue here is a novice physicist comparing the fs physics I deal with to the ps my friend does, the comparison isn't valid just because they are both "times." This is why even though life seems short for some people it can seem long for others. Just because 80 years is a year and people are people, any given individual has their own experiences and opinions that shapes their vantage point, and it can be hard to really compare the two. Of course, just like the "real" relativity SR, there are certain constraints we can make on time in this context, many people might prefer longer lives even if we lived 1000 years if millennial* olds are as selfish as us 80-year-ers are. But the diversity in context must be taken into account as it should be for me when I model ultra-intense laser plasma interactions. Context always matters. Thinking about the context for each person's scales makes our look on life a little less absurd. I think that more often than not, people's motivations (for desiring longevity, for instance) have good reasoning in them, especially when you consider their context. [*] It's funny that millennial here means people who are 1000 years old as opposed to people in their late teens to early twenties. Since I usually run linux on the machines I buy, Superfish wouldn't be an issue. In fact, the current laptop I have is Lenovo. The hardware is what matters to me. The matter of supporting them in this behavior gives me pause, though. Perhaps the best thanks we can give for future soldiers is to be wary again when politicians drum up another foreign war. And not a google cache anywhere to show for it. I did something similar in a personal project[0], but to avoid reimplementing things like lists and resizable buffers and such over and over again but maintain a sort of "type safety.*" It's a step down from C++ templates but it works. [0] https://github.com/noobermin/ch Thanks! I actually did not know! I was wondering if google took it out or it's just down. Here's an out of the box idea that doesn't address racism but addresses another aspect of this: may be we should focus effort (research grants and moneys) on non-elite schools and bring the general average university up to a better level, then people, asian or otherwise, wouldn't feel that much less accomplished if they got into a some large public uni that happens not to be an ivy-league school. It boggles my mind how we have the best schools in the world while at the same time have an average college educated adult who has skills below the average [0]. That could be part of the reason why so many people are shoving against each other on the way to Stanford, because if they get into some random state uni, they know they won't have a quality education. May be if we fixed that, we'd increase N, the number of spots available for everyone, and we wouldn't reach the pigeon-hole limit so quickly that colleges wouldn't have to start discriminating against anyone. [0] https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2013/10/08/us-adults-ran... I hear you, I can hardly get by with less than 9 hours at times. If I do, I get really groggy. In a way, it focuses my efforts while I'm awake, so that might be one benefit to this. My social group mainly involves other physics graduate students. I however don't fit with them usually, so I started going to instagram meetups. It seems like people with a passing interest in photography are much more diverse than the types that go to graduate school in physics. I think what is impressive is not just their ability to maintain their composure but how readily they enter "emergency mode" from what was most likely a boring, normal day. Their ability to context switch AND maintain a level-head through it and afterwards is commendable. The "best" university I could get into was my last choice, a certain, large public uni in Ohio, and I was upset but I chose it anyway. However, Columbus is freaking awesome, I was so happy I decided to come here just because of the place and the friendly people (in fact, I have met one or two people who frequent this very site there!), not to mention the variety of great food and great coffee! I have since starting planning leaving uni, but I probably want to stay in Columbus, if possible. How ironic, isn't it? This is a romantic idea, but the obvious problem is that bad computer generated reviews are cheap and easy to produce, so there are naturally too many of them for the author to reply to individually. So it looks like there is suddenly water everywhere in the solar system...except for California. I'm assuming the alternative that the grandparent is against is forced sharing, ie., regulation which would keep the situation from reaching that state where there is zero water next year. I don't think anyone supports CA doing nothing and to keep using water at the current rate. I'm curious which places these are and why such areas were abandoned for farmland in the first place. Consider, if atoms and thus matter are mostly empty space, why can't you put your hand through the table? It's that same "stuff" that keeps your hand from passing through the table that the electrons "see" to create the STEM pictures. this has been done: https://workfrom.co/ You can join and start rec'ing places. I think I recommended places around columbus, OH months ago, and they've finally put them live. I just spent the last couple of minutes watching those videos. That "hostess girls" really got me. The US is by no means perfect, but to think that human beings could be stuck in such a situation (to literally be worked to death) seems obscene. Here comes my Ignorant American side talking, but to even imagine such lack of opportunity and freedom in a first world country makes no sense to me. I was at first upset that he seemed to focus heavily on fundamental particle physics. I was delighted however, that he did mention other discoveries we'd like to see happen in other subfields of physics, like the hope for the realization of the quantum computer. One thing that is rather hot now and likely will become a richer field over the next decade or so (and will likely leave it's imprint in future technology and life in 100 years) is the merging of physics with biology. Mainly, the use of physics and quantitative methods in biology is the next area of innovation for this century, in my opinion. That might fall more under "Biology in 100 years," however. There is an event just a bike ride away from my house and I'm stuck at home sick; how depressing. Cheers all, Happy 10th Arduino.