i.e. Hamming advised everyone to work on the most important problem(s) in their field, and precisely not to "Chase after the things that interest you and make you happy." Maybe for him these two were the same. There is something cold about his recommendation, though. I'm not sure what motivated him. Impressing himself with important discoveries? I never in all his talking about missile trajectories and weapons-related work came across any evidence of ethical considerations. Godement's Algebra with its inspiring political and ethical conscience - its author was man as well as mathematician - made me vividly aware of how a work of mathematics/physics can either be ethical, or it can pretend that ethics are not its concern. Or rather, like a heartless child, act without ever even considering consequences. Maybe Hamming was just working on the important problems in his field, and disregarding all else, and thought that was enough. I tried working in a library, once I'd been driven out of parks by wandering people on phones. In the library every couple of minutes someone ran outside shouting into their phone "I'm in the library! Hang on!". Grr. And when it's quiet you notice you're within earshot of someone texting on their phone with "click" sound effects. Whoops, I meant Godement's Analysis . > Nearly everyone in this world holds to some central and defining philosopy or faith or religion that shapes the meaning of life for them. Is that a fact? Seems like a false assumption to me. Unless you just mean whatever deeper beliefs everyone has, whether aware of it or not, but it seems you're making a stronger claim. For example, I'm in Australia, and I'd say 95% at least of the people I've met in my life aren't among this "nearly everyone". > Israel is an unusual circumstance, in that it's surrounded by hostile countries, but so is the U.S. Huh? IIRC, the U.S. is surrounded by Canada, Mexico and a lot of ocean. I don't know how that can seem a realistic statement to you. Um. Your country has drones bombing innocent people across the globe, and you are worried about...whether you are getting value for money?! Please consider for a moment what that might sound like to people 'across the globe'. Do you count killing someone as human rights abuse? Killing hundreds of thousands, millions? I guess these U.S. killings have been mostly of people in other countries, which don't count as human rights abuses? It's somehow worse if a country kills its own people, than the people of other countries? And it's also not what they said. Hi. 'find me a source': Google is your friend. I can understand if you don't want to learn about this stuff. You sound young, or naively gloaty at least. If you think talking about 4 people is relevant then prepare for a big shock. It's really a horrific story though. I learned about it until I couldn't stand it anymore...all that stuff about central America in the 80s is so depressing. But no more than e.g. 800,000 (!) bombing raids on Laos in 1964-73, dropping more bombs than in the whole of WWII. Understandably it's hard to get precise figures, or any kind of figure, for killing on such a huge scale. You guys don't bother counting these days. Do people born with birth defects from chemical weapons count? Killed with unexploded bombs after a 'war' - 20,000 in Laos alone since 1973. ... Did you hear they were using uranium bullets in the latest Iraq slaughter?! I wonder how long that will cause 'problems'. I guess I first learnt about most of this from Chomsky's earlier political books, and following up his references and reading elsewhere, until it was all too depressing and I had to stop. He wasn't making it up. The way he straight-facedly reports the grotesque pronouncements of officials, letting the facts condemn themselves, is not something forgettable. I found this source[0] saying 20 million after a moment's googling. (And a minute checking the site didn't seem obviously insane.) I'm no expert at all. I didn't think "millions" was particularly controversial. I don't think I've seen a total figure estimate before, but from the stuff I've read about Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, central America, Iraq x2 etc etc, I thought "millions" was pretty inarguable. Just read about all the places the U.S. has invaded/bombed/'interfered with' in the 20th C. You'll be doing well to make it halfway. Often because they were getting too democratic, not doing what the U.S. wanted, the "threat of a good example", that's the depressing thing. Then cover the whole thing up with propaganda so the U.S. public thinks it was all in a good cause. Pretty sickening. Do you only count 'domestic' human rights abuses? And 'non enemy combatants'? So if they fight back, their human rights aren't abusable or something. (Or they just slaughter whole villages and say they were enemy soldiers. See wikipedia page on Vietnam casualties) And I guess 'directly caused' means if the U.S. gets rids of democracy and installs a dictator (e.g. Iran), and sells them weapons, like they did so many times in the 20th C, (and probably graduates of U.S. torture school) well, anything bad that happens later isn't 'directly caused' by the U.S.? Anyway. Oh also Scott Noble's documentaries are available on his site[1], some covering aspects of this subject. I think they're excellent, also very depressing, although they feature some very inspiring people. [0] https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-mil... [1] http://metanoia-films.org/films/ Maybe I should have asked a question, I'm curious. Which countries did you mean? I've already put in a lot of hours to that depressing topic, mostly a couple of decades ago. That Scott Noble stuff recently was more than enough. I do seem to remember Saddam got into power with U.S. help, then they sold him about 10 kinds of chemical weapons. Have heard a bit about Pol Pot. Not sure why you just mention those 2 countries. If I want to what?... Uh. So I guess you know all about the U.S-funded fanning of extreme Muslim flames in the area. With the purpose of starting a war, wasn't it? But sure, 'tangential', no abuse of human rights there. Well, maybe you're an expert - what do you believe is the total number killed by the U.S.? Less than "millions"? I notice you did the straw man thing that you did here also with user982's LeMay comment - finishing your post with something the other person didn't say and saying it's not true. Also I'm getting that you think the U.S. isn't evil but other countries are 'truly evil'. Sounds familiar. Well, thanks. Sorry, I wish I had the interest/energy/time etc for a long exchange about this, but I don't. maybe that was a joke and i missed it. deeply interesting? no idea why it's on here. "Criticizing the history of the United States is fine, but it's not even in the same universe regarding human rights abuses." I thought this was an outrageous remark, and felt compelled to object. But you say that's deflecting from a vast oppressive machine. Criticizing an easy target. Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy". No-one said you called the US perfect. No-one said US atrocities excuse Chinese ones. I guess if by definition you say Chinese ones are greater, and I guess they are one of the "truly evil" countries you referred to, there's not much can be said to you. The US merely has done evil things - other countries actually are truly evil. I guess it's natural for humans to think that way about their own group, but still, it bears reflecting on, that each group thinks that way about itself and others. Whole countries have disappeared in the 20th C when they say they want to do things their own way, not the way the US wants - not just individuals. But it seems you don't see that. "Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy" isn't brave or controversial, it just gives cover to the truly evil nations committing ongoing genocide." There are a number of interesting things going on in that sentence. It's so thick with what seem to me labels, ad hominem dismissals, false assumptions, straw men etc that it's impossible for you to hear what is said to you on this subject. You said criticism is fine but keep coming up with reasons why it's not. This has been interesting for me, thanks. Anyway, I'm still wondering - are you only interested in what the total number of US killings has been, or only what it isn't? What's your estimate of the total? You are obviously better informed than me on the subject, or at least think you are, having told me to read more about it. I repeat: What's your estimate of the total number of US killings? Thank you, I needed a good laugh! "Choosing to experience negative emotion because someone does something is self-harm." Hi :-) Fascinating comment. Do you really live that, or just it's something you read/heard and aspire to? Trying to unpack that a little: Calling experiencing negative emotion (i.e. feeling bad) "choosing to experience negative emotion" seems psychobabble. Do you choose all your feelings? I doubt it. So, you will never feel bad because of anything anyone does, because why would you, and that would be self-harm. All that just strikes me as jargon out of a bad self-help book. It doesn't sound human, but like a robot, or maybe a guru. (e.g. Nisargadatta: 'In my world, nothing ever goes wrong.') I guess that's why gurus/monks/priests aren't supposed to have wives, girlfriends, careers, possessions etc. Because ordinary humans do get upset about stuff. And feel good about stuff. The way you call people "someone" and reduce most of life to "someone doing something" I find absolutely chilling. That last bit about expectation sounds likes the ridiculous pessimism I thought made sense as a child. If you expect things to turn out for the worst, you will never be disappointed. That was before I realized that in life your attitude makes a huge difference to how things turn out. In the real/everyday world of someones doing somethings anyway. The language is tricky in this area; I'll try to be clear. There seems some confusion in your concepts; at least I'm confused about them. I don't claim to have this stuff all worked out; sorry if it's not helpful. It sounds like, for you, 'subscribing to an objective morality' would involve feeling the need to make everyone 'adopt your position' - share your beliefs? do as you do? I don't think there are actually many ethical or social relativists at all. Even the most self-proclaimedly relativist academics may talk like that professionally, but in their everyday lives have quite another standard, and evidently believe in objective ethics/morality/reality etc. That's the thing about ethics; it's not like favourite ice cream flavour, where you might think lemon is best, chocolate awful, but understand it's just your personal taste. Believing something is ethically wrong means it's not just 'wrong for you', but 'wrong, full stop.' It doesn't mean you go around forcing people to think/act the same. (Although probably means you wish they would.) I think you have described tolerance, an understanding that people think differently, not everyone has the same values etc. But to go from that to thinking there is no right and wrong, good or bad - only right-for-you, wrong-for-you - well, that's an abysmal step. I suppose you don't mean that; I hope not. Well, even in your "I don't feel the need to compel all sentients in the universe to adopt my position" it sounds like you think it's simply a better way of acting than others who need to compel etc. Not just better-for-you, but better for anyone, better for everyone i.e. objectively better. Metaphors We Live By - Lakoff/Johnson Philosophy in the Flesh - L/J Rationalism in Politics - Oakeshott Erving Goffman – Presentation of Self in Everyday Life Walter Lippmann – Public Opinion Art as Experience - John Dewey Plutarch's Lives G.K. Chesterton – Heretics (essay) William James - On A Certain Blindness in Human Beings (and its sequel) (essay) R.L. Stevenson - The Lantern-Bearers 'How can you tell if this full stop "wrongness" is occurring?' Well, I get why you would ask this, but that's an extremely strange question; I sense false assumptions in there somewhere. Yes, "wrong, full stop", otherwise known as wrong. That's what the word 'wrong' means in English. I had to create terms because you are (what seems to me) pretending you 'have no need of' any judgement-words whatsoever. You, I presume, and I don't kill people in the normal course of a day, e.g. because they have something we want. I think that would be wrong. So does almost everyone, the religious & spiritual traditions etc. It's based on natural feeling, and also on what makes for human flourishing. "Because not everyone agrees on what is right and wrong, there can be no such thing", you seem to be saying. If not everyone agrees on who is most beautiful, that means there's no such thing as beauty? The way you talk of 'values' came in, I believe, with Nietzsche and post-Nietzschean relativism. There's something profoundly macabre about talking the way you do, in spite or because of its all-levelling blandness. I'm very curious about your influences in learning to speak and think like that - who are they? (You have to be very smart indeed to not understand good and bad, right and wrong.) Say there's a guy who does go around killing people on the slightest pretext. You don't think there's anything wrong with that, he just has different values, (yours are no better) and that's normal? I think that way of talking as if everything, from whether murder is ok to what music I like to listen to, is on an equivalent plane of 'values', erases essential and major distinctions, to say the least. So..for example, I can't imagine you would be interested in thinking about or discussing what broad direction your society/town/institution should be heading, because no direction would be better or worse than another? Or if you have a preference, well, so does everyone else. You have sympathy for those terrible singers (whoops, there's no bad singers?) on American Idol when they say, in answer to the judges' "You're terrible!", "That's just your opinion"? But there are better opinions and worse. Better and worse reasons for judgments and interpretations, etc. Well, I still feel the way you're talking is ultimately incoherent, and that underneath it you hold the common sense view, even if I've not managed to break through yet. At least you won't let yourself say that you understand this, or anything at all, better than me. :-) But it seems you do think you have a better understanding of what we're talking about than I do. It seems you think I, and almost everyone, are wrong to believe in objective morality. But you can't say that, so...most people just have different values to yours? I notice you again say 'in any cosmic sense'; before it was 'all sentients in the universe'. The way everday language is used offends some sense of due human modesty in you, or something? Maybe it's from thinking that everyday language presupposes a God's eye 'view from nowhere'. Well, I get that, I realize there's no right or wrong out there except inside creatures' brains. If a stranger were to come up and punch you in the face, you wouldn't think it was, uh, wrong? How about if someone killed your girlfriend for the fun of it? Replying "That's fine, you just have different values" wouldn't sound more enlightened, it would insanely brainwashed. >I don't believe those with values different from mine are "wrong, full stop" or "evil, full stop." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNnIGh9g6fA (Apologies if you're joking, but you don't appear to be. Hmm but I'm not sure.) "Consider the fact that in the social sciences, about 18 percent of American professors are communists.." - whoaaa! hehe. Well, that was the most remarkable start to a sentence I've experienced on HN. Allow me to stop there, and examine for a moment how much of a fact that is. Well, more than a moment - I couldn't access "The social and political views of American professors" (2007) on that link, and it's 76pp long. It reports a 2006 survey. I think your "about 18 percent of American [social science] professors are communists" refers to pp40-1 : "Before moving on to consider the substantive attitudes items, we consider three other political identities that professors may hold that would indicate something about their political views: whether they think of themselves as radicals, political activists, and Marxists. We queried respondents on these matters by presenting them with a series of labels - including "radical," "political activist," and "Marxist" - and asking them to indicate how well, on a seven point scale ranging from not at all to extremely well, the labels described them. ...Table 12 shows the percentage of respondents in each broad disciplinary grouping who said these terms described them at least moderately well (giving a score of 4 or higher).." There's a figure of 17.6% given in the table for professors in the "Social sciences" + "Marxist category". So, in a 2006 survey, 17.6% of social science professors said "Marxist" described them moderately well, extremely well, or somewhere in between. I'll leave it there for now, just remarking that it strikes me as rather ironic that the "fact" you asked us to consider came as part of an argument purporting to show someone else's stats were false. I'm not sure of the technical term for what you were doing in your last sentence, but it wasn't pretty either. Edit: I thought my comment was as usual tangential at best to the main story, but on second thoughts maybe this was a small journalistic investigation of exactly the kind hoped for? :-) A small point.. What is called "left-leaning" in the U.S. looks right-leaning to most of the world. [source?] Supporting one (the less far-right one) of the two main business parties gets you called "left-leaning". Supporting health care apparently gets you called a communist! That seemed everyday opinion in the U.S. - it seemed absolute appalling idiocy to the world looking on. Up there with "freedom fries" etc. "The centre" I guess then falls somewhere halfway between a primetime news anchor and their right wing thinktank guest. I get what you say about not insinuating, though I feel the two people who asked so far weren't so much insinuating as actually puzzled, as it genuinely seemed the parent couldn't have read the article and still thought it was an ongoing issue. Everyone? Only estadounidenses. This appears to be an ad. Oh, it's only about job interviews. Sigh. Maybe that should have been obvious to me from the title or URL? I'm fascinated by interviews, but job interviews, not so much. Except this, from my favourite book by a mile about philosophy of art: "Two men meet; one is the applicant for a position, while the other has the disposition of the matter in his hands. The interview may be mechanical, consisting of set questions, the replies to which perfunctorily settle the matter. There is no experience in which the two men meet, nothing that is not a repetition, by way of acceptance or dismissal, of something which has happened a score of times. The situation is disposed of as if it were an exercise in bookkeeping. But an interplay may take place in which a new experience develops. Where should we look for an account of such an experience? Not to ledger-entries nor yet to a treatise on economics or sociology or personnel-psychology, but to drama or fiction. Its nature and import can be expressed only by art, because there is a unity of experience that can be expressed only as an experience. The experience is of material fraught with suspense and moving toward its own consummation through a connected series of varied incidents. The primary emotions on the part of the applicant may be at the beginning hope or despair, and elation or disappointment at the close. These emotions qualify the experience as a unity. But as the interview proceeds, secondary emotions are evolved as variations of the primary underlying one. It is even possible for each attitude and gesture, each sentence, almost every word, to produce more than a fluctuation in the intensity of the basic emotion; to produce, that is, a change of shade and tint in its quality. The employer sees by means of his own emotional reactions the character of the one applying. He projects him imaginatively into the work to be done and judges his fitness by the way in which the elements of the scene assemble and either clash or fit together. The presence and behavior of the applicant either harmonize with his own attitudes and desires or they conflict and jar. Such factors as these, inherently aesthetic in quality, are the forces that carry the varied elements of the interview to a decisive issue. They enter into the settlement of every situation, whatever its dominant nature, in which there are uncertainty and suspense." - John Dewey, Art as Experience "Don't be snarky." "Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say face-to-face. Don't be snarky. Comments should get more civil and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive. When disagreeing, please reply to the argument instead of calling names. "That is idiotic; 1 + 1 is 2, not 3" can be shortened to "1 + 1 is 2, not 3." Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize. Assume good faith." Ah sorry, it was a bit random of me pasting that quote. His prose is fairly repellent. To explain a little, he uses "an experience" in a particular way in that book, not in the usual sense. The book was a revelation to me, having read a lot of books about analytic philosophy of music and art, each analysing their own little corner of art/music, me feeling like I understood less after I finished each one. Then suddenly came this book, relating everything to life - he talks about poking a fire, firefighters, a job interview etc and how all the stuff going on in these are the building blocks of art. A section of the book is "The Live Creature" - it's remarkable how many aesthetics books neglect the human/life/planet context of art. "An experience" means something like an aesthetic whole, like the experience of reading a story, watching a movie, hearing a piece of music etc. The chapter's called I believe "Having an Experience". Anyway..after that I stopped feeling the need to read books of philosophy of art/music, as all my questions had been answered. (I'm a musician + artist) Fascinating point. Is "training vs education" a useful pair of terms? Universities used to be for education, now often its assumed they are for training only. (Bachelor of Science in Hotel Management I come across nowadays - in what?! ) I often hear people talk as if education was something that happened to them, then it finished. (Like learning is something you just do in an institution.) I guess training is more like that, teaching knowledge and skills for some particular task/role/job. Well, that's the point - those things, training to do a particular job, are now thought of as 'education'. (2011) Some thoughts on what the word means: It's changed over the years.. in the early 80s, a hacker was a programmer who knew their computer inside out, so they could do anything they wanted, not what they were supposed to be doing. I had a computer with a Z80, and read a series called "The Hacker's Handbook" which featured stuff like inserting little machine language routines into the comments of your BASIC program so you could do whatever you wanted, and very fast. Later I wrote assembler routines, hand-translated them to machine code and inserted them into Turbo Pascal functions. That definitely counted as hacking then.. Reading Kevin Mitnick's books, he could do almost anything programmer-hackers can do, and a lot more besides, just by making a few phone calls, and by knowing a lot about the organizations/systems/codes/protocols/authorizations involved. Sprite of spritesmods.com says "I'm an avid hacker...I enjoy ripping different pieces of hardware apart and using them in a way they weren't meant to use" The popular sense of the word today is more like.. a criminal, breaking laws and stealing from people and organizations with their bash expertise. An utterly impossible task. This video is of no chess interest. The guy lost a piece immediately. I read some of his blog about this. He originally meant to play the "Play Magnus" app, where you can play a simulation of Magnus at various ages, not his fault the real Magnus agreed to play. But it was just a waste of Magnus' time, not showing due respect. The guy's preparation was pretty embarrassing to read. Asking someone who had some idea about chess for advice would have been a good idea. It seems he tried to memorise the openings Magnus had played. Good luck with that, Magnus plays more different openings then anyone. And you will blunder as soon as your memorized lines run out, which is what happened. Just doing tactics training would have been more useful. Reading about some of his other challenges was interesting, but in this one he had no idea, no respect and no chance. I didn't find the title at all confusing. I found the Fowler excerpts wonderful, I've downloaded it to read already. Thanks! But :-) I didn't understand how on earth he could say "Johnson himself was the first to prove that there was little in the way of drudgery in the task of the lexicographer". Does he know how many years of toil it took him? Maybe he just means "It's not a dull book to read", I can't imagine what else. Shouldn't that be "a tad unreadable"? The page you linked to says "Its reputation has not risen over the years, and it is still a long way from general acceptance. Use regardless instead." >Heck, even the "final solution" orders weren't put in signing I believe that's not at all how Hitler operated. He'd vaguely suggest things to his underlings, who would then go off and do something like what they guessed he wanted. Sounds an incredibly up-in-the-air way of doing things. I learnt about that from the excellent series Nazis: A Warning from History . After watching that you won't be in the least surprised there's no paper record of any particular initiative. (So I didn't look at that link.) Hmm "play with over 800,000" doesn't sound at all realistic.. Is that everyone who's ever registered? Also, I used to use Babaschess but lately play in the browser with Jin applet. I think that's been around for many years. Anyway, I love FICS, there's total non-commercialness, a great volunteer spirit, excellent help channel, even a duck channel. Plus I met one of my best friends there. If your app brings more people to FICS, well done. :-) What does have 'intrinsic value'? Things are good for something . >Nobody perceives reality as it actually is. A couple of comments: This sentence has a misleading form. It sounds like "Nobody here has a hat", denying something quite unproblematically possible. But would would it mean to perceive reality 'as it actually is'? The phrase seems confused. Like people who worry about life being meaningless, there's a category error being made somewhere. And the phrase 'reality as it actually is' is but a modern version of the Kantian 'reality as-it-is-in-itself', (of which nothing could be known or said). Some of the problems coming from such language (i.e. most of Idealism and relativism in their various forms) and their history have been entertainingly explored by the philosophers Musgrave[0] and Stove[1]. e.g. "We can eat oysters only insofar as they are brought under the physiological and chemical conditions which are the presuppositions of the possibility of being eaten. Therefore, we cannot eat oysters as they are in themselves." or "We have eyes, therefore we can't see." [0] Alan Musgrave, Idealism and Antirealism http://www.phil-fak.uni-duesseldorf.de/fileadmin/Redaktion/I... [1] Stove's Discovery of the Worst Argument in the World http://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~jim/worst.html >We directly perceive the objects out there in the world as they are, not a representation of some sort in our heads. My point was that this is a grammatical sentence, but like a christian talking of eternal life, the impossibility and unimaginability of the thing is ignored. That bit about the eyes was a TL;DR and teaser for the linked (very funny) papers, which doesn't mean much without them I guess. It's a spoof/reductio of a kind of argument which has often been used in philosophy, Stove's Gem . Yes sorry, not answering questions. I seem to spend more time questioning questions. They often conceal and smuggle in false assumptions. I go for a smoke :-) But you could walk around the house or block. I get so many good ideas while sitting there smoking for a few minutes, in the backyard gazing into the trees. I think when/if I stop smoking, I'll pick a spot outside to go to and sit for a few minutes. Its pretty amazing, usually the answer to the next problem pops into my head. Probably the vast majority of my good ideas come in those few-minute breaks. At last! hehe I was wondering why no-one mentioned Cython. Did I miss the part where everyone learned why it's not a good idea? For me it's the best of both C and Python worlds. Write a Python program. Compile it as a Cython program. (Already faster, with no changes.) Add C types to the speed-critical parts. (Up to many 100s of times faster than Python) and Dow Jones, HarperCollins, realtor.com etc. In the UK, 20 radio stations and The Times , The Sun and The Sunday Times . In Australia, The Australian , The Daily Telegraph , The Sunday Telegraph and a hundred others. Sad that, it seems, any political comment with a spark of humour on here is voted down. From G.K. Chesterton: "A critic once remonstrated with me saying, with an air of indignant reasonableness, “If you must make jokes, at least you need not make them on such serious subjects.” I replied with a natural simplicity and wonder, “About what other subjects can one make jokes except serious subjects?” It is quite useless to talk about profane jesting. All jesting is in its nature profane, in the sense that it must be the sudden realization that something which thinks itself solemn is not so very solemn after all. ... The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is not a careless joke. The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is a careless solemnity. If Mr. McCabe really wishes to know what sort of guarantee of reality and solidity is afforded by the mere act of what is called talking seriously, let him spend a happy Sunday in going the round of the pulpits. Or, better still, let him drop in at the House of Commons or the House of Lords. Even Mr. McCabe would admit that these men are solemn — more solemn than I am. And even Mr. McCabe, I think, would admit that these men are frivolous — more frivolous than I am. Why should Mr. McCabe be so eloquent about the danger arising from fantastic and paradoxical writers? Why should he be so ardent in desiring grave and verbose writers? There are not so very many fantastic and paradoxical writers. But there are a gigantic number of grave and verbose writers; and it is by the efforts of the grave and verbose writers that everything that Mr. McCabe detests (and everything that I detest, for that matter) is kept in existence and energy. How can it have come about that a man as intelligent as Mr. McCabe can think that paradox and jesting stop the way? It is solemnity that is stopping the way in every department of modern effort. It is his own favourite “serious methods;” it is his own favourite “momentousness;” it is his own favourite “judgment” which stops the way everywhere." - from Heretics , 1905 https://www.ccel.org/ccel/chesterton/heretics.xvi.html I thought yours a very interesting, worthwhile and thought-provoking comment. I'm puzzled why it's voted down. Maybe too succinct. 3^4 words good, 3^2 words baad? "Don't be snarky. ... Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." "Don't be snarky." I was looking into a CS academic who claimed to be widely cited. Mostly it was self-citation, in his own papers. He seemed to be the editor of a journal which published a lot of his own papers citing himself. I couldn't help thinking of that looking at the graph of decreasing uncited papers. Exactemente. It's fairly bizarre that this article didn't mention self-citation, huh. A deepity is “a proposition that seems both important and true—and profound—but that achieves this effect by being ambiguous.” http://www.openculture.com/2013/05/philosopher_daniel_dennet... "Don't be snarky." Thanks. I looked again. Are you referring to that one graph? I couldn't find any mention in the text. Hehe yes, that's the general conclusion. I'm not sure if I should name names. (Ah well) The guy I'm talking about is Azlan Iqbal, a Malaysian CS professor. I know him as the writer of numerous wacky articles on ChessBase (leading chess news site) about his chess+computer studies. People criticize his shoddy work in the comments, and he says, nay, jeers they're not qualified to judge because they didn't read his uni thesis, dont know CS, dont understand his algorithm, etc. Kind of amazing. I guess he can't be an impostor in CS, but most of his published articles are about computers + chess, with the Dunning-Kruger effect in full flight. I guess you have to know a bit about chess to fully realize how inept his stuff is. But just the embarrassing way he attacks all critics in the comments is remarkable. Although the CB readers largely ignore him now. See the stories with most comments to see what I mean. [0] Are there a lot of people like this? Or worse? [0] https://en.chessbase.com/author/azlan-iqbal Well, it's hard to think of anything radically unique. But some memorable things that come to mind: - the way Graham, Knuth & Patashnik's Concrete Mathematics has the students' comments, silly or enlightening, in the margins. Its also very well designed and put together. - I absolutely love the design of Sedgewick & Wayne's Algorithms (4th ed.) The fonts, colour palette, diagrams illustrating algorithms etc, are all miraculously awesome. The next algorithms book I looked at seemed so tedious and incompetent I wanted to complain. - I love raganwald's JavaScript Allongé apart from the pictures. But there are pictures throughout of coffee, coffee machines, coffee bushes etc with coffee-related captions, all totally unrelated to the text, that somehow work, like a breath of fresh air through the book. - Needham's Visual Complex Analysis is a marvel of clarity in word and picture. - Eloquent Javascript (I read the online version[0]) is impressively well-designed. A good mix of covering-the-basics and projects. A clean, simple and beautiful form. [0] http://eloquentjavascript.net/ I'm new here; I was expecting to see a page full of comments addressing your final question, "Where is the outrage about that?" But no-one mentioned it at all! Well, I guess that answers that question. (Although raises a few more.) Wow. Another ever-more-crazy story out of the US. As the page was loading, I first thought the story's title was "Democracy Dies in Darkness" but then realized that's the Washington Post's motto... Hehe OK I'm glad you 'enjoyed' that, glad I mentioned it. Yeah, the non-stop bragging and credentials-showing hehe. Oh you didn't get onto the 'good' parts of the women and chess one. Not sure which was 'best', the cringeingly sexist language or the incredibly inept experiment design... Well, people in the comments (CB comments have never been half so impressive) accurately ripped his work to shreds, not much for me to add. OK, maybe he's somewhat a CS impostor too. :-) It's Dunning-Kruger it its most virulent. Well, it's CB's fault for publishing him there too; people beg them not to, each time they do. I guess no other academics send their stuff there. "Don't be snarky." "Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." >Someone had to trade the money that ended up in the billionaire's pocket. Presumably they received something of more value to themselves than the money, otherwise they wouldn't have made the trade. That abstract reasoning seem to miss a lot. Where I live, rent is crazy expensive. Rich people own their own homes. Almost everyone I know rents, giving a lot of money to people who need it less than they do. (I don't even dream of ever owning a house here. A cheap one is >$1m.) It's like a Monopoly game near the end, all the money going one way. So sure, you could say not-being-homeless is 'of more value to themselves than the money' but it would be a weird way of putting it. Ohh thank you, I was wondering what "VC" was. Well, I thought, a perfectly reasonable one. I don't want to know how people who have money got it. (I find 'money' the most boring subject in the world, by some distance.) Perhaps, it seems, you assume everyone wants to know that. Well, maybe everyone you know does. But I found your comment extremely strange at first. ..well, I'm not in the USA - such a mindset seems rather estadounidense. Well, you could not do it, like most people. ..after I wrote that, I remembered I do know something about that. A few years ago, I was arrested and lost my relationship and was made homeless etc when the police believed false allegations about my behaviour, made by my partner's 11-yr old daughter. (Nothing sexual or too terrible, just that I'd done overly threatening things one night, enough to make her feel afraid.) But I still wouldnt record everything. Sometimes in disagreements with my current partner we wish we had recorded the whole argument; that would be very useful. I got to the end and realized I'd been reading Robert Sapolsky. His "Biology of Human Behavior" Stanford lecture course in about 25 parts is on youtube. It's absolutely amazing; he's a great lecturer, articulate, funny, fascinating, a great storyteller about remarkable experiments and legendary scientists. It starts with evolutionary biology/sociobiology and goes down via a dozen levels of explanation ('buckets' he calls them) to brains and genes and how they work, in quite a lot of detail. I couldn't recommend it any more highly. p.s. My girlfriend (very non-sciency) loved it too. "Don't be snarky." "Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." Ok.. (I was going to say, I'm new here, but I notice you've hardly commented, in 2 years on here.) So I shouldn't expect people to follow the site guidelines, or ask them to? Edit: Actually, reading the parent again, "The censors still down vote it. Unbelievable." Seems massively snarky. Not sure how you can't see that. These "Oh poor me" mentions of "censors", "HN groupthink" - whatever someone's childish conspiracy-label is for when they dont get their way or everyone doesn't agree with them - are 100% snarky. At best, they carry an assumption of "I'm right here, the innocent persecuted; you're wrong, 'them', the faceless enemy" etc. I guess sometimes there is a difference of opinion about the topic commented on which leads, as here, to disagreement how justified whining/complaining about downvoting is. Which is I guess why there's the simple rule, don't complain about downvoting. From what I can see, the people who complain about it have made false assumptions about why. Their complaints are their outward revenge for the pain of their false beliefs. Nice investigative work there. His wife was conducting what behaviour? They said nothing about that at all. I think you're reading bad motives/deeds into the original description of events. Well, this 'piece' is one chapter of On Liberty (1859). There's a David Stove essay The Columbus Argument [0] (1987) - as always, funny, pungent and well-reasoned - reprinted in his book On Enlightenment , which is full of other taking-the-unfashionable-side-of-the-argument essays. Stove there calls (Virginia Woolf's uncle) J.F. Stephen's Liberty, Equality, Fraternity [1] (1873) the 'best reply' to Mill. [0] https://www.commentarymagazine.com/articles/the-columbus-arg... [1] https://archive.org/details/libertyequality00stepgoog (1859) - On Liberty (of which this is a chapter) was published 1859, not 1869. Well, no, it certainly might, in some circumstances. Just as yelling "FIRE!" in some circumstances might - e.g. yelling something virulently racist while standing between two ethnic groups heatedly confronting each other in the street. Some context for some things Stove says in his essay: He'd just retired because he'd had enough of the craziness at Sydney Uni as Marxist/feminist/post-modernists tried to take over the arts/philosophy departments, which literally split the philosophy department into 2 departments for some years. See James Franklin's The Sydney Philosophy Disturbances [0] and Stove's funny/depressing A Farewell to Arts: Marxism, Semiotics and Feminism (1986) [1] featuring some examples of the kind of prose the new style of philosopher was producing. It starts with the memorable paragraph "THE FACULTY OF Arts at the University of Sydney is a disaster-area, and not of the merely passive kind, like a bombed building, or an area that has been flooded. It is the active kind, like a badly-leaking nuclear reactor, or an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in cattle." He also wrote a book, Popper and After: Four Modern Irrationalists [2], (i.e. Popper, Kuhn, Lakatos, Feyerabend) reprinted as Anything Goes: Origins of the Cult of Scientific Irrationalism , about what he saw as perhaps a similar 20th C crazy free-for-all trend in philosophy of science. [0] http://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~jim/sydq.html [1] http://gerryonolan.com/public_html/stove/arts.html [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popper_and_After Well, evidently I don't think it's invalid. Just asserting that doesn't achieve much. I haven't given this a great deal of thought, but it seems the specific emotions are so far irrelevant; what is relevant is whether an action causes harm, or may be predicted to do so/usually does so. In this video[0], economist Richard Wolff talks about all the things he didn't learn studying economics at the US's most prestigious universities, because they were never mentioned. Fascinating talk. Towards the end he talks of a Spanish company run by its workers, which sounds like it has successfully transformed work for those people to something democratic, and, well, something free from what anarchists (and we all..uh 99% of us anyway) want to be free from. It sounds doable to extend that to other areas of life. Watch it! Highly enlightening ...and 'hope you can believe in' isn't that common nowadays. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynbgMKclWWc Maybe if you made your points on here without seeming offensively snarky in your every sentence, you might have more success. "Don't be snarky." Welcome. :-) Another thing.. "3 years after ratification of the 15th Amendment" .. I guess you mean something in the US? I'm not in the USA, Mill wasnt in the US, no-one in the parents of this mentioned the US - why assume..well, not sure what you're assuming, but the talking as if this conversation, topic, site and its users exist entirely in the US seems rather ..strange. It's not just you. Someone else on this very page did the same thing with me today, but in a very snarky way. Maybe this chapter was posted because of something happening in the US, so people in the US are just thinking of their own scene; I don't know. >the group a person identifies with?! I'm glad she said she's a woman first up, it made me much more interested in what she had to say in response. I would take what males said seriously. But a group of males discussing rape etc isn't quite... Anyway - is this hard to understand? Women have a 'different' point of view on the subject, and on a mostly-male site like this, it's useful to know. I'm puzzled by your confusion. Maybe you are female; then it would be easier to understand what you say. I wish you had said up front :-) It just helps understand where people are coming from, their perspective. A man writing about what feminism should be has a different effect to a woman doing it, and naturally/rightly so. Thank you so much for sharing. You are awesome. Amazing and inspiring! thanks. Can you be a bit more specific? What sort of thing do you mean? Maybe name the best ones you found so far. Oh thank you!, I'm glad I complained. :-) "I am not always writing from middle America to San Francisco on this website" hehe - though maybe usually, it's understandable. Yeah, I know that PG essay well - I'm a huge fan of his essays (especially the non-startup/programming ones). Ohh of course - someone else tried to explain for the (U.S.) users why 1869 was so different from 1859 - I must remember tech people mostly live in the 21st C hehe. I seem to have more favourite writers from the 19th C than any other century, and have spent a lot of time living there and getting to know it (e.g. Hazlitt, Emerson, Ruskin, Nietzsche, Wilde, Stevenson, W James, Kierkegaard, Thoreau) I'll have to read Stephen's book again, I read it about 25 years ago. Also, Mill worshipped his wife. I mean really worshipped her. Some of the things he said about her were pretty over-the-top, even for someone madly in love. From memory, didn't they co-write On Liberty ? Maybe he got all his 'advanced' ideas from her. His Autobiography is fascinating. Also, speaking of treatment of women, I can't read about 'experiments in living' without recalling the horrific chapter on Shelley in Paul Johnson's Intellectuals . > rap-funk-metal-folk-electro-bluegrass songs That sounds awesome!! Country and metal do nothing for me, but that genre sounds potentially amazing. If I remember right, Hitler left Germany pretty broken. "Don't be snarky." Go somewhere else if you want to talk with that tone, thanks. Well, I'm using a mac mini from 2005, am looking to upgrade :-) That's the new one, I write orchestral music on a Windows ME IBM from 1999. Hmm.. which common music? I like really fast music (e.g. Coltrane, Charlie Parker) and really slow (Rachmaninov 2nd Symphony, Mahler Adagietto). A good point. One thing: I've studied philosophy quite a lot, and even I don't know, or have forgotten, the meaning of 'etiology'. So I assume there's no chance the person you're responding to knows what it means. It's technical philosophy jargon. 8| More helpful responses: 1. This sounds like a great idea: In trying to do it, you will learn a lot about all the ways it won't work. (It seems to me.) I started writing a program once to understand poetry & jokes. I learned a lot, like just how much humans have to know to understand this stuff. You have to know about everything just to understand one word! Best example I know of this: see the chapter on 'over' in Lakoff's Women, Fire and Dangerous Things . 2. It sounds a bit like - music ! Maybe you could use music for that? Hmm well no. But maybe look at Deryck Cooke's The Language of Music , which is a remarkable attempt to spell out explicitly what the elements/motifs/phrases/melodic units in music are saying. I guess any partially-facial-expression-based language would have a lot in common with that. Hehe I know! Calling it "chutes" is so weird. The wikipedia page is fascinating. I had no idea it's so ancient, or Indian. "The historic version had root in morality lessons, where a player's progression up the board represented a life journey complicated by virtues (ladders) and vices (snakes). ... The most widely known edition of Snakes and Ladders in the United States is Chutes and Ladders released by Milton Bradley in 1943. The playground setting replaced the snakes, which were received negatively by children at the time." (!) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snakes_and_Ladders Well.. 1/2 the famous actors in Hollywood since the 90s seem to be Australian. (I could name dozens.) Which is something.. My gripe is that not only Aussies have to put up with hearing them do fake US accents in movies close to 100% of the time, but whenever there's an Australian in a US movie, they get someone from the US to play them . Arghh. As if there's no Aussie actors there! ha. Maybe they're all too famous. I guess it sounds convincing to a US audience. It must do. But OMG it sounds so fake to Australians. It just sounds like someone from the US trying and failing to do an Aussie accent. e.g. there was one in Fargo series, and it was about the only bad thing about Tropic Thunder . Please don't do this. At this rate, soon there'll be a movie with Australians doing US accents in the starring roles, with supporting cast of US actors trying to sound Australian.. Mark my words. p.s. Is that the first mention of drop bears on HN? Well done :-) https://australianmuseum.net.au/drop-bear Sorry for the irrelevant response but: s/tenant/tenet/ Not just you, I recently read “All information should be free” was a core tenant of the hacker culture at MIT .[0] Don't tell me it's becoming proper English! A tenant is a person who holds lands; a tenet is something held to be true. I didn't realize until learning Spanish that ten and tain in English words means to have/hold ! Their verb 'to have' is tener (Latin: tenere ). Maintain is mantener ; also there's contener, detener, obtener, retener, sostener ... [0] http://ctankersley.com/2017/01/04/the-history-of-open-source... Interesting. Ok, maybe liberal is young peoples' philosophy, conservative is old peoples'. As reflected in the many sayings about how you should be the former before 30 or 40, the latter afterwards. It's not more natural to be young or old - both are natural. From Robert Louis Stevenson: "...the opinions of old men about life have been accepted as final. All sorts of allowances are made for the illusions of youth; and none, or almost none, for the disenchantments of age. It is held to be a good taunt, and somehow or other to clinch the question logically, when an old gentleman waggles his head and says: “Ah, so I thought when I was your age.” It is not thought an answer at all, if the young man retorts: “My venerable sir, so I shall most probably think when I am yours.” Because I have reached Paris, I am not ashamed of having passed through Newhaven and Dieppe. They were very good places to pass through, and I am none the less at my destination. All my old opinions were only stages on the way to the one I now hold, as itself is only a stage on the way to something else. I am no more abashed at having been a red-hot Socialist with a panacea of my own than at having been a sucking infant. Doubtless the world is quite right in a million ways; but you have to be kicked about a little to convince you of the fact. And in the meanwhile you must do something, be something, believe something. It is not possible to keep the mind in a state of accurate balance and blank; and even if you could do so, instead of coming ultimately to the right conclusion, you would be very apt to remain in a state of balance and blank to perpetuity. Even in quite intermediate stages, a dash of enthusiasm is not a thing to be ashamed of in the retrospect: if St. Paul had not been a very zealous Pharisee, he would have been a colder Christian. For my part, I look back to the time when I was a Socialist with something like regret. I have convinced myself (for the moment) that we had better leave these great changes to what we call great blind forces: their blindness being so much more perspicacious than the little, peering, partial eyesight of men. I seem to see that my own scheme would not answer; and all the other schemes I ever heard propounded would depress some elements of goodness just as much as they encouraged others. Now I know that in thus turning Conservative with years, I am going through the normal cycle of change and travelling in the common orbit of men’s opinions. I submit to this, as I would submit to gout or gray hair, as a concomitant of growing age or else of failing animal heat; but I do not acknowledge that it is necessarily a change for the better — I daresay it is deplorably for the worse. I have no choice in the business, and can no more resist this tendency of my mind than I could prevent my body from beginning to totter and decay. ... When the old man waggles his head and says, “Ah, so I thought when I was your age,” he has proved the youth’s case. Doubtless, whether from growth of experience or decline of animal heat, he thinks so no longer; but he thought so while he was young; and all men have thought so while they were young, since there was dew in the morning or hawthorn in May; and here is another young man adding his vote to those of previous generations and rivetting another link to the chain of testimony. It is as natural and as right for a young man to be imprudent and exaggerated, to live in swoops and circles, and beat about his cage like any other wild thing newly captured, as it is for old men to turn gray, or mothers to love their offspring, or heroes to die for something worthier than their lives." http://essays.quotidiana.org/stevenson/crabbed_age_and_youth... Except in rehearsal the conductor has imposed his vision of how things will flow in later performances. Different versions of the same piece from different conductors can sound extremely different, although the sheet music is the same - different tempos, different changes in tempo, different dynamics, phrasing, relative volume of instruments, timbre (quality of sound), different lengths of notes and accents and attack on notes, etc etc, and each composer has their own idiosyncratic ideas and preferences, both about what the composer wanted and what they want the piece to sound like. Sometimes different numbers of players are used. Also the particular way the conductor speaks to the orchestra about the music and the players, and other things, what they say and how they say it, can have a huge effect. "To influence things a bit" is nothing like it. A performance may give that impression, but the nature of the performance in all those details and more has been thought out by the conductor and rehearsed beforehand. The orchestra has been taught and trained in exactly how the conductor likes it, and that's what you hear. (1996) Some of the most memorable/useful/wonderful: Fleck - Genesis and Development of a Scientific Fact Hacking - The Social Construction of What? Felsner - Geometric Graphs and Arrangements xkcd volume 0 Tommy Wonder - The Books of Wonder Elisabeth Lloyd - Science, Politics and Evolution ..and, it's embarrassing to admit it on here :-) but I didn't read Refactoring or Clean Code or Kent Beck until 2017. Better late than never. He told a room full of students that a French curve (that extremely curvy shape used in technical drawing) has the remarkable property that the tangent of the lowest point is always horizontal.. and they all believed him. And do you also have a 'key insight' about what is the right thing to do? Maybe you are just talking about false accusations, but what you said sounded like the words of a sociopath. OK, so to take just one example, say 50 or so Tiananmens died in the latest US appalling invasion/massacre of Iraq. So that was 50x as horrible and unforgiveable, and should 'forever be held against the USA' in the same essentially horrified way? Something comparable happened every few years of the last century. I get the feeling most people reading this will hold more against me for saying this, than against the US for its countless slaughtered 10,000s. Well, I guess it horrifies Americans because they empathetically imagine the US government not killing brown people in other countries by the million, but its own people, and that is scary. Is that what Noam Chomsky seems to believe? That would be stupid and crazy, wouldn't it? Half-witted. OK, thank you for explaining. Sure. :-) Not sure why it wouldn't, looks interesting thanks. Unless you thought I had probably heard more than enough about BTC already?! I didn't really know what 'white paper' meant. "White papers may be considered grey literature."[0] Aah. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_paper Thank you! I watched some of one of her videos, fascinating. I noticed she's spoken at BlackHat conferences.. Isn't that exactly the kind of people her work is supposed to be protecting against? hehe That seemed weird. Uh the point seemed that they knew the theory (of differentiation, tangents, trig etc) but were absolutely helpless in practically applying it. Couldn't relate the theory they had learnt to what they knew of the world, at all. Didn't think 'But the lowest point of ANY curve is horizontal!' Great question. On second thoughts, is there much to say except "Combine the parts you like from existing languages and the new things you want"? And, read stuff about how existing languages were designed. Oh yeah. I read the original question as 'I know about lex/yacc' or their modern equivalents flex/bison.. but I guess not. You can do a lot just with lex/flex, e.g. it's fine for small languages. Probably play around with that before attempting something insanely ambitious. Also, I'm not sure how getting to the first-ever-designed language will help with anything, as you (OP) seem to be trying to do. Probably it's not being aware of lexical analysis (lex family) + parsing (yacc family) . There are some great books on those. Two Soviets who personally prevented nuclear war.[0][1] If these don't sound like 'dumb luck' to you, well... It wasn't 'the parties' that backed down, it was the world's immense luck to have a particular individual being in the right place who didn't follow orders, and didn't go along with the consensus. Why these guys aren't better known, I have no idea. [0] http://time.com/4947492/stanislav-petrov-soviet-officer-nucl... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasili_Arkhipov > I have a hard time believing all of you posting this are actual HN readers and not paid political operatives. I think there's a HN guideline about assuming good faith. Not sure what to say to that. I don't know who 'all of you posting this' means. Me? and who? People write stuff you disagree with, so you find it hard to believe they actually think that? Again, you just mention US internal matters. That wasn't what I was talking about. The US has done its repressing/slaughtering all over the world, at least the last 120 years, not mainly internally, so that's why I talk about that. Americans it seems, as in your comment, prefer ignoring the foreign policy slaughters/bullying/destruction. Well, imagine 9/11 x100 or x1000. No idea what your last paragraph means. Sounds kind of biblical or something. There's no reason to believe the world has, done or will work like that. (Edit) Oh, and I forgot to mention - that 'expensive quagmire' is 'acceptable opinion' seems to me obscene. As if the main problem with (among other things) mass slaughter and killing children with uranium bullets that remain and cause birth defects, is how much money it cost! And it seems a lot of Americans think 58,000 people died in Vietnam; that's the main figure for Vietnam War deaths I see in US media. Not sure what you mean. Are they things you don't want to do? It sounds like it. More info please if you want some answers. Personally, I'm learning multiple skills, I'm doing all of them because they're exactly what I want to do. Trying to be too rational about stuff has never worked for me; I mean, I don't think making a timetable like school and doing each activity for a set time would work for me. I do whichever I feel like at the time. Which country? >I do recognise that the threat of an invasion by an alien super-civilisation is at almost as remote as the threat from an emerging superintelligence Uh.. Is that something one can 'recognise'? (It's a way of writing that begs the question.) Seems to me the threat of the first is not high, to say the least, but who knows. The threat of the second seems very high, well, at least if there are only 'a few nukes' on the planet. Otherwise nukes will get us first. I literally can't imagine 'nukes getting us first' but it does seem likely. What 'incredible claims about his capabilities' did he make? (I came in late.) So whose mouths should we trust and why? (Apart from yours) "Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize." Sorry, I didn't really understand a word of that. Well, your comment seemed a nitpicky objecting-to-everything-they-said, and tiresomely missing the point at every turn. From the initial pedantic "Please distinguish proof and evidence." Do you talk to your friends like that? It's already headmasterish and snarky. It's not clear what you're asking for. But you move on after 5 words to dispatch the next offending sentence, like they're a succession of pesky bad guys in a kung fu movie waiting to be swatted down by our hero. I don't think the comment you were replying to was a model of clarity; the quote is a paraphrase of a paraphrase of an argument in James' The Will To Believe . I'm familiar with that essay (not one of his most impressive) so maybe it was easier for me to hear what they were trying to say. But "WTF?!" etc isn't helpful. ... Objecting to every sentence like that doesn't even begin to address what they were trying to say. Anyway, all of this seems obvious, I think you know this, I'll stop here. Your comment read like you didn't care about what they were trying to say, just to knock them out of the water with any available weapon, which you seem to think you had done. Not the most informative headline. "He has written many books, but this may be his most important." I firmly doubt it. The story is an ad for a book, Deep Thinking , about computer chess, and in it "Kasparov uses his unrivalled experience to look into the future of intelligent machines" something he appears eminently unqualified to do. Karpov said that Kasparov doesn't love chess, he loves himself in chess. That's a bit harsh; he does appear to love chess a lot. But I know what he means. After a while, Garry's endless self-glorification gets very tiresome. Everyone likes talking of themselves I suppose, but Garry takes that to an impressively noxious level. But, like he himself often says, he was probably the greatest player ever, and those qualities were part of his success. If FB suddenly disappeared, I'd lose almost all my good friends and acquaintances. And it would be hard or impossible to find them all again; they're scattered around the globe, mostly FB is the only contact point I've needed/had, dont have their phone, email or address. I should get that info, huh. On FB I almost exclusively just chat with friends. Never used Twitter or wanted to. ps Why would the world fall apart if Google disappeared? It's not obvious to me. Um, what do you mean, 'relative to his compatriots'? Lasker, relative to other Prussians/Poles/Germans?... uh... or Kasparov's? No idea what you could mean, sorry. Peers, maybe. Well, he almost lost to Schlechter, never played Rubinstein etc. Champions didn't have to play matches every couple of years like recently, and they could choose who they played! Anyway, I've never heard anyone claim Lasker was the strongest player ever. Although I'm very fond of his games and books too. :-) Well, outside chess fans, anyone pre-Fischer is 'relatively unknown'...totally unknown, even. The very purpose of corporations - to take money from people and give it to their already rich shareholders - is at odds with the wellbeing of society as a whole. 'Free markets' is something that corporations want only when they know they will win the competition; otherwise they don't want it. The commonly-heard praise of free markets, level playing fields etc is pure cant and hypocrisy. Big companies get bailed out if they ever get in trouble; anyway, their managers can just go to the next management position. Ruthless competition with actual failure is reserved for the average person, the worker, the small business etc. Absolutely, couldn't agree more. Especially with his immodest tone. Well, there seem to be more errors getting through now people seem to rely on basic spell checkers e.g. 'he' and 'lightening' aren't caught. I often see such spelling mistakes in the kind of publications I never used to. I thought they was saying there's a jarring disconnect between bragging about your writing ability in a sloppily-edited essay. I don't think it's hard to understand their point, is it? I think you were being gratuitously pedantic. "Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize." Well, there is Muphry's law.[0] Which I notice you - but hopefully not I :-) - have here fallen afoul of. Although you wrote in defence of bad proofreading; maybe there's another law for that. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muphry%27s_law Hmm I dont know what CDN or ABS are. *wonderfully intertwined :-) 'mah-' is US English, not English :P It's 'mah' in one country. p.s. Seems every day on here I'm reminding people from the US that their country is not the world, their version of English is spoken and spelt in just one country, etc etc etc. Maybe I should give up doing that. The most classic maybe was a linguist (yes, amazing) who on her blog was gloating that her variety of US English was particularly rich, in having almost every vowel sound in English. I looked at her list.. it didn't include the 'o' sound in 'pot'.. Could I slip in a request here for contributions to my Ask of 3 days ago, still on top page, but not many answers yet, What are the best scholarly papers you read in 2017? I'm hoping for some discussion on there. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15991373 Meta-answer: Asking the question that way, you're asking to hear from those that think they 'articulate themselves so well', which may not be those that actually do. Most people, I've noticed, who think they do anything particularly well, don't.[0] I'm far too modest to have a stab at answering. :-) Also, not clear what you mean exactly. In writing? speaking? Two entirely different things. Some can do both, neither, or one of those well. Well, more than two; there are a wide range of forms of both. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect It's something I'm getting used to on here. That attitude. Doesn't surprise me your comment was downvoted. The very word "American" is presumptuous. Imagine if the Chinese referred to themselves as "Asians" and their country as "Asia". I've taken to using estadounidense until something better comes along in English. ..or Spanish becomes the main language in the US :-) Australian English has/had the rather pungent seppo - rhyming slang for septic tank = Yank. But estadounidense is at least accurate. Hehe.. I set my wordpress site to Australian English, but one look at my new edit page with its permanent "G'day" made me change it immediately back to GB-English. Yes, why don't you go ahead and do that. Hi, sorry about the delay. I don't know what you mean, 'he means the phonetic alphabet'. I say the first syllable to rhyme with 'bun'. That's surely fairly standard (non-US) English. It's mysterious to me that that's not one of your alternatives. ..which would be, what? OK thanks :-) Ohhh. I'm sorry everyone. Yes, you're right of course. It didn't occur to me until I tried it that the bu- in bun is bahhh . Goes back to drawing board Ok uh. HN really didn't like this comment. Not sure why; just got downvoted instead of anyone explaining. I thought it was funny and on point. I meant: "Great post. Another one that I hear way too often is go ahead and inserted into phrases, as in Why don't you go ahead and do X as celebrated in Office Space ." But I thought my initial sentence was sufficient. I guess not. Maybe people who actually use the phrase thought I was telling the guy to go back to work? Or.. Ok thank you! I guess I shouldn't have said thanks. It's a low effort comment. Last time I thanked someone for something I was downvoted. > Attempts to add something substantive But who cares about votes. They're only good for..being able to downvote others, aren't they?! But it seems natural for people to care about their points e.g. on Stack Exchange-type sites. It's the pecking order/social standing we have been evolved to be good at computing, I guess. Hard not to care too much about it. Edit: Also, I have a strong sense of humour, I mean in almost everything I write online, which it seems I will have to leave at the door. Total humourlessness seems to be desired and rewarded here. I watched so far the first 7 or 8 lectures on youtube of his linear algebra course. (Which something like a million people have watched) He's such a great lecturer, extremely impressive. So mysteriously good it makes me wonder what it is about them that seem so good. He says somewhere about how he gets a lot of mail thanking him, that people appreciate that he's on their side . It's just done with what the experience is like for the student always in mind. Sounds simple, but there are plenty of lecture/course videos on youtube where that obviously wasn't given a thought. Visual Complex Analysis - Needham. A lot of great pictures, exerything is explained (and shown ) geometrically. Complex differentiation/integration, non-Euclidean geometry, vector fields etc. Mathematics and its History - Stillwell. Wonderfully written. From the ancients to the 20th century, covers the mathematics (in a lot of detail) and lives of major mathematicians (potted bios). Concrete Mathematics - Knuth et al. Discrete maths, number theory, generating functions, covers most of the maths that pops up continually in programming. All You Wanted To Know About Mathematics But Were Afraid To Ask. Mathematics for Science Students 2 Vols. - Louis Lyons. Pretty basic, but covers all the mathematical basics for physics. (1st year uni level I guess) I learned a lot from this years ago, I still consult it as a reference. It's a pleasure to read. Also, all of Hamming's books. Stevenson's Treasure Island has a one-legged West Country pirate with a parrot on his shoulder - Long John Silver. The parrot was taken from Robinson Crusoe . The Arrr apparently dates from the 1930s movie versions. Stevenson wrote: "Treasure Island came out of Kingsley's At Last , where I got the Dead Man's Chest—and that was the seed—and out of the great Captain Johnson's History of the Notorious Pirates ." And Long John Silver was apparently based on his friend W.E. Henley, who had a leg amputated at the knee due to TB. Incidentally, after Lister (the pioneer of modern antiseptic surgery) saved his other foot, Henley wrote the famous poem Invictus , which ends with the lines - I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul. Thanks for link. But the selection seemed very odd. I wondered how they got that list from HN. The site says All links to Amazon, Safaribooks and O'Reilly get extracted once a week from Hacker News posts, make sure they are indeed books and then rank them based on how often they are mentioned and the karma of the user. Ahh. I guess that's it - people don't bother giving Amazon/other links for well-known books. Or sometimes the book has its own website. Also, that site makes money by linking to Amazon. That seems a bit dodgy to me! Hmm is it really that hard to extract book titles that aren't links to Amazon/publishers? C'mon hackers! :-) This seems close to assuming that financial value is ultimately the only value of art. That couldn't be further from the truth. If you're serious (not sure), that would make him arguably the best painter of his time and place. But all time ? Let's hear an argument for that. (I don't say, a good one) You don't seem to have heard of any value except monetary. (OK, maybe that's not fair/likely, but you sure talk like it.) I guess it's (just?) a confusion in the word 'value'. The way you are talking of the value of art in money terms is.. well... People who love art don't talk like that. Do you speak of love, life, health etc in similar terms? Oh anyway. It's pretty amazing to me to hear such views in person. I mean, scary, horrific, chilling. It only happened to me once in my life before this thread. I think...you have been brainwashed to think that all value is (or can be put) in terms of money. Is it possible to be happy while thinking like that? ..There are a thousand things I could say to that, not sure where to start. (Unfortunately I've learnt quickly in my brief time here that discussion on HN with those of different views is very counterproductive. It has been so far anyway.) Ohh! Thank you! :-) So kind of you. Is this meant to be a ShowHN? It's appearing in AskHN.. Not sure what you're Asking. I think you're overlooking that you type at over 100wpm. (So of course typespeed isn't your bottleneck.) >Meanwhile you don't see the US trying to topple Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, Japan, France, etc. because of their quasi Socialist tendencies. The list of the countries the US did topple or try to topple in the 20th C because of their "quasi Socialist" (or democratic) tendencies runs into the dozens. The stories are sickening. "While there are no freestanding foreign bases permanently located in the United States, there are now around 800 US bases in foreign countries. Seventy years after World War II and 62 years after the Korean War, there are still 174 US “base sites” in Germany, 113 in Japan, and 83 in South Korea, according to the Pentagon. Hundreds more dot the planet in around 80 countries, including Aruba and Australia, Bahrain and Bulgaria, Colombia, Kenya, and Qatar, among many other places. Although few Americans realize it, the United States likely has more bases in foreign lands than any other people, nation, or empire in history."[0] 'The US plays very little role in the affairs of most nations.' Really? So GTFO, for god's sake. Who are these people "trying to blame the US for all poverty and crime in Latin America", "all political chaos in Africa"? Your claims seem to me a good example of 'taking it to absurd extremes'. [0] https://www.thenation.com/article/the-united-states-probably... Interesting, thanks. Kind of bizarre though how Mem and the writer seem to inhabit a world in which Australia doesn't have dreadful offshore detention centres for would-be-immigrants. Maybe write a blog post about this and make it a HN article? I doubt whining like this in an AskHN will be very effective. There's a lot in what you say. Not crazy at all. They only looked awful for about 10 seconds hehe. But sure, using them to help show the meaning is a good idea. I've recently learnt to write a = b*c + d, spacing assisting clarity. Carry on, I support you in your chosen mission. What's sexist about what she wrote? (let alone 'extremely'?) I'm having trouble seeing it. Also, you could have just said "any proposition" instead. Instead you get to passively-aggressively say her claims were nonsense, without saying so. That's how it seemed to me anyway. Not sure if you're serious. So if you believe that, why haven't you already killed yourself? That would be the best you could do, right? Unless you have some plan to 'take out' others besides you. But I can't believe you really believe that. Well, here's the portugues version, found on google scholar: http://www.academia.edu/download/46197082/BIOTEMAS_2008.pdf I find I can get most papers on: http://libgen.io/scimag/index.php I think sci-hub tries to acquire papers which are unsuccessfully requested, not sure how long that might take. Maybe have a short holiday, breather, time-out Doreen? I've been a great admirer of your contributions to this site. But here in this thread an increasingly large fraction of all your posts are taken up with questionable accusations of bad behaviour in those you are talking with. Half of which seem to describe your own behaviour (or commmon human behaviour) as well or better than that of your opponent. It's hard to be sympathetic, with your jumping to high-strung, hypersensitive accusations of bad faith etc. The topics are areas of little knowledge and high uncertainty and perhaps strong emotions, by which it's easy to be blinded. Also from this and your AskHN about your websites, you are starting to sound sadly like you feel uniquely ignored and ridiculed... And you said you want to stop being someone who cares. Don't ever do that! Well, I'm sure you won't. Best wishes. (Sorry if I put words in your mouth or sound condescending etc. I could see both sides of this..discussion, and I hope these words aren't a total waste of time or worse.) [no comments? I'll say something..] What about the effect on people without depression? It seems most human societies have incorporated hallucinogenics in an official way, part of spirituality or rites-of-passage or medicine etc. When that stopped in our culture I'm not sure. [Facts and figures welcome.] Personally, mushrooms are the best thing I've ever done. (Half a dozen times, in my 20s) Similar to LSD. Similar to religious enlightenment. Similar to... hmm well. It's difficult to say anything that seems like it captures even 0.1% of the experience. It's like your brain can think 10000x faster, and also sideways, indexing items and memories by emotional content, meaning, in a way it couldn't before. And the flood of thoughts, images, emotions, can become so vivid and real that it seems real. Time disappears. You can experience in a minute what seems like it must have taken many hours ..But the experience isn't one thing, it's a thousand things. I recommend it to everyone, especially with experienced/good friends to guide you the first time. Makes sense and sounds absolutely fine. Graphite is the colour of a dark and stormy night. Yes. You should make sure the pig enjoys it too. But seriously.. this question, on HN?! I get a figure of $3000 instead of what you wrote. But I think you wanted to make the amount seem pathetic. Not sure why. Yes :-) I was trying really hard not to say something negative. But the guy's calculations appear to be out by a factor of 100, was my point. Welcome. + I'm as scared of downvotes as the next guy :-) The word 'dîner' also meant breakfast! Wiktionary says: dîner, From Old French disner, from Vulgar Latin *disiūnāre, from disieiūnāre, disjejūnāre (“to break the fast”) Well gee, he seemed to fit the world better than most people do. Whatever that means. But he seems to have met a lot of inspiring people, people he could work with, found important stuff to do etc. More than most people do in a life time, much more. Are these videos the concert you mean? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwxhf4UXLvM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlP_9HRi78Q https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvtbiHYa-LI Yes. Well, not even that - "NASA plucked the second and clearest of the photos".. I was just looking at colour pics of the whole Earth from 1967[0], I think they were the first. [0] http://library.ssec.wisc.edu/spinscan/about.php for discussion/debate? Unfortunately the word has largely Hegelian and/or Marxist connotations nowadays doesn't it? Anyway, with (Plato's) Socrates, dialectic doesn't seem to have been two people candidly searching for the truth either - usually it was Socrates expertly pretending to do that, while actually showing some expert just how much he didn't know about his chosen subject. For me, dialectic and derived words mean Hegelian dialectic. That's 99.99% where I've heard the words used. Well, if the front page was filled with articles of any one particular type/subject, I wouldn't still read HN. The diversity, such as it is, is part of the attraction. (Anyway, I'd way rather not have endless BTC articles than NYT articles.) Although [disclosure] I didn't actually read the article. How many people do that regularly on here? Often I figure the discussion here is more interesting, more worth my time, more intellectual-curiosity-gratifying, ranging over more associated topics and questions, than the original article. Plus the top-voted comment, as here, often offers a TL;DR. It's true about the olive oil! I left some in a glass in the fridge recently, and it solidied to a soft translucent yellow the consistency of moderately soft butter, perfectly spreadable. Why it isn't more of a thing I have no idea. ohh I didn't even notice I was replying to you . :-) p.s. You said you've done a lot of blogging - where can I find that online? Excellent point. Also, who cares if someone is 'a great guitar player' in the sense of mere technical virtuosity. Youtube is full of guitarist videos with GREATEST and !!!! in the titles, a million notes a minute, sound and fury signifying nothing. Your comment reminded me of Hendrix - most if not all of what he did seems to fit under 'stuff found by messing around on a guitar, moving chords/bass notes around, experimenting with sounds', mostly with no 'theoretical base' whatever except for developing what sounded good, what was fun to explore. In a word, playing . Personal note: Someone played me Radiohead a few years ago for a while, I'd never heard them before. I remember thinking - I can see why this would sound amazing/mindblowing to someone who'd never heard anything but mainstream/charts/popular/etc rock. Like someone who'd only seen Hollywood movies discovering the whole world of movie-making for the first time. (I'm into jazz, classical, funk, reggae, indian classical etc etc) Aha thanks. (Well, nothing can be removed from the web - still accessible via the WaybackMachine...) Have you read Steven Pressfield's Nobody Wants To Read Your Shit ? An entertaining read. Maybe will help you take it less personally that no-one seems to want to read/hear you. >>There's a mantra that real writers know but wannabe writers don’t. And the secret phrase is this: NOBODY WANTS TO READ YOUR SH*T. Recognizing this painful truth is the first step in the writer's transformation from amateur to professional. “When you understand that nobody wants to read your shit, you develop empathy. You acquire the skill that is indispensable to all artists and entrepreneurs—the ability to switch back and forth in your imagination from your own point of view as writer/painter/seller to the point of view of your reader/gallery-goer/customer. You learn to ask yourself with every sentence and every phrase: Is this interesting? Is it fun or challenging or inventive? Am I giving the reader enough? Is she bored? Is she following where I want to lead her?" "I spent a lot of years hoping that if I did something good for other people, it would come back to me somehow. I am currently realizing this was a really naïve idea" To me, it doesn't sound naive enough! Sounds selfish.. Isn't knowing you are doing good for people enough? Isn't that something coming back to you? I've noticed a similar thing in people who say they believe "what goes around, comes around" as a reason for being a good person, without noticing that, well, it isn't really ethical behaviour then, it's an indirect way of being selfish. Christianity is infected with a similar thing re getting to heaven. edit: ohh, also I guess I assumed you are new on here (like me), I see you are very far from that. I can't see how what you wrote answered the question in any way, or even attempted to. (p.s. I do sympathize with what you wrote about political discussion on here.) "Don't be snarky." (to snarfy) So you gave up science and searching for truth, for manipulating people/lying to them (I guess by "telling people what they want to hear" you don't mean the truth ) and self-promotion? Sigh. More to be gained? What's more important in life, what you give or what you get? We make a living by what we get, but a life by what we give. Sounds like some kind of category mistake, or a few. Science isn't as totally impossible as you make out. Evidently. It sounds a little like the crises ex-christians have about the world, dizzying and demoralizing themselves with similar grandiose dramatics. (existentialists, Bergman etc) That biochemistry crisis sounds like a Zeno's paradox, stultifying oneself with the abyss of the infinite. "There was no way he could ever know which theory was right" - isn't that absurd exaggeration? But sure, I guess you mean, you realized a life of science wouldn't perhaps be a wonderful bountiful one, but a hard, thankless one, maybe ending in total failure. But why blame science or philosophy if science doesn't guarantee you a pleasant life? Or to be beloved. Well, maybe it's only for the cantankerous few, those mountain goats crazy enough to love the solitary labour (in science, philosophy, mathematics etc) for its own sake. And it's good to realize such a life wasn't for you. In the sequel Lila (although not sure if recommending Pirsig to people is a good idea) there's a lot against academic anthropology, but even more presenting what he evidently sees as objectively how the world works , (societies, cultures, people) what could be called sociology I guess. And it's very interesting and insightful stuff. Ok sorry about that ramble. To this day, my whole philosophy totters after an hour’s sympathetic conversation with total strangers: it seems so foolish to me to wish to be right at the price of love, and not be able to communicate what one considers most valuable lest one destroy the sympathy. – Nietzsche, letter to Gast, 1880 What's so really interesting about it? Well, what other term would be so readily understood by people? Also, I guess with LSD/mushrooms there's usually a lot going on , and you can either go with it or try to resist. Going with it is advisable, but it can get scary - e.g. horrific death/maggot/slime-based imagery. You have to trust in the experience, which is so huge the self disappears. I guess a similar thing happens in everyday life, but not so unmistakably. A similar thing came up for me when writing orchestral music - I quickly learnt just to be a tool for the music, to follow the flow, never to impose my ideas "I want this to happen here/next" - that never worked; just to write down what I heard in my head. I guess a lot of pursuits are like that. PYRRHONISM, n. An ancient philosophy, named for its inventor. It consisted of an absolute disbelief in everything but Pyrrhonism. Its modern professors have added that. – Ambrose Bierce, Devil’s Dictionary But the question was about personal growth. Bad luck more usually triggers/catalyzes personal growth, doesn't it? Makes you think, reassess.. So maybe it's luck to have so much bad luck. (Read the stories of the wisest, greatest, most.. personally-grown - the most embiggened - they've had more than their share of bad luck.) Sounds basically like Benjamin Franklin's method, detailed in his autobiography. He ruled up a page with all the virtues he wanted to see in himself down the left side, days along the top, and putting a black spot for each virtue he'd lapsed in that day. No idea what you meant by that sorry. And now there's that other meaning..something about metrosexuals with beards or something. But either way, not clear to me at all what you could mean. So nice to see a pro-RMS-vibe comment. So rare nowadays, sadly. Yes, verbatim is distinctly broken sometimes. edit: It's not tedious for me on my browser, just click Verbatim on the LHS of page. (Can select that or All results ) Well, Princess Diana was #3. So the whole thing's pretty moronic and irrelevant. Still, I guess everyone has their own idea what great means. >notes that may considered to be dissonant in classical music are in many cases acceptable in jazz It sounds like you're assuming Mozart vs Coltrane or something. Stockhausen vs Lester Young and it's entirely the other way round. >Jazz music pushes harmonic dissonance a lot farther than "classical" does Not sure why you say that. Except you're imagining Mozart vs free jazz or something. Both musics have pushed dissonance pretty much all the way. By "a simple fifth" do you mean e.g. the note G in the key of C major? (depends what harmony exactly) or C and G played together with no harmony, or.. And when you say a simple fifth is "dissonant", do you mean it's dissonant, or "dissonant" (i.e. not dissonant)? So, theoretically dissonant, but not really? I once lived with someone who listened to no 15 (I think it was) of Messiaen's 20 Glimpses of the Infant Jesus constantly. It's very slow, nothing but super-weird chords. After a few minutes there's a major triad, which sounds sooo weird, like a super-weird chord. So.. that makes "the perception of dissonance isn't musical, it's cultural" not sound exactly right either. It demands resolution? In what way? Like what? You need to hear a root note after it? >It doesn't sound wrong to hear tritones Like in a G7 chord? >or stacked fourths The jazz originators of this called it a Ravel voicing. Well, they don't use the word jazz. It's Manfred Eicher's German label. Keith Jarrett, for example, has released dozens (100+, I imagine) of recordings on ECM. You don't like the sound of saxophones? Wow. Well, everyone has their own sound on saxophone, 'the sound of saxophones' doesn't mean much. Not sure why you think trumpet is vastly easier to get a beautiful sound from than saxophone. That's silly. The importance of melody over tone? Wow, never heard of that. All you say sounds like you are judging jazz by classical (I imagine) criteria, and of course it doesn't do well. Miles playing piano on Sid's Ahead .[0] Sounds good too! Very hip. And there's this insanity[1]. The first time I heard it I thought "OMG who's the organist? That's amazing!!"[1] All keyboards on that are Miles I believe. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPZaVUvRpcs [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrjFtbGKqFk Robert Louis Stevenson essays (again) GK Chesterton Orthodoxy (again) (Tries not be be snarky) You didn't respond to any of my points. Why don't you start playing trumpet, see for yourself how 'easy to get to sound nice' trumpet is. Everything you say seems wrong to me, except when you say what you like. >half of them were specialized in jazz for at least two years, the other half were classically trained Two years only? Uh..wtf. I didn't read the original paper, but that sounds ridiculous. Why not compare them with people who'd been playing, nay, specializing in, classical for 'at least two years'. Oh, because that would be ridiculous. >I'm going to assume this is a good-faith argument and not a "bury them in BS" reply That reads so snarkily. You announce that what the other guy wrote sounds like a lot of BS, or you strongly suspect it is (why mention that otherwise) but you will very generously act as though it's not. It's good to assume good faith, not so good to announce it like that. Comments aren't so good - now you have 2 things to change when the program changes. In the real world, often the comment won't be updated and will become actively misleading/wrong/bad. Well, it doesn't sound reasonable to me. 2 years sounds like 'pretty much total beginner' level. No-one will be a good jazz player after so little time, and I doubt their brains would be those of jazz musicians with decades of experience either. Nice to at last read someone making sense on this page. :-) Ok, but 1 child prodigy learning in 3 years (?) hardly disproves my point. Also, I don't believe in "proper training". I believe in learning from the recordings of the greats, and from playing music with people. Sounds like that's how Joey Alexander learnt[0]. I believe that, like many things, jazz can be learnt but not taught. Someone trained in some system will sound like the music equivalent of the academic artist - expert at following someone else's rules, but nowhere as an artist. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joey_Alexander edit: Most people who go to Berklee are already pretty good when they get there, aren't they? Hardly starting from scratch. Really - what's that got to do with anything?! I don't see any connection between the two halves of that sentence. Except I guess it's true for you. Are you assuming only rich people do that, or only interested in rich programmers? (Whatever 'rich' means exactly. Whatever definition you have in mind, I mean.) Traffic jams, 9-to-5 job.. I'm not sure what those have to do with the topic at all. Yes, the 10,000 hours thing doesn't include every possible human (in)activity, no-one thinks it does. Could you give an improved version of the sentence, if able? Thanks. edit: Could the downvoter explain why? Thanks. Thanks very much to responders. Even though I watched Sapolsky's amazing Biology of Human Behavior course (a few years ago), I wouldn't have been able to correct the sentence myself. I was initially unsure whose was the 'cynical worldview', yours or the person you were responding to. I found your initial comment breathtaking. 'For anyone reading this with an open mind' - well, anyone could write that before any comment. It's a code phrase - people who agree with you are defined as having an open mind, etc? If not then, oh, you have a closed mind. I've heard that one before. Nice work if you can get it. You talked past the person you responded to like they weren't a person at all. You are just 'excited' 'we' can treat maladapted close-mindeds like them? I can see nothing loving in that, nor healthy in your initial comment. Maybe we both (mis)understood it; I thought you must have been joking, but it seems not.