The world's most affordable laptop that doesn't suck is the Thinkpad you buy on eBay for $95 and install Debian + xorg + openbox on. I have super-glued lead fishing weights into the base of my desk VoIP phone (a Yealink sip-t28p) to give it more heft on the desk and stop it from sliding around when bumped. For $150 I would rather buy a NUC sized thing with VESA mount and put a small, fast M.2 SSD in it. Also it will likely have a proper 1000baseT NIC in it which is far preferable to any form of 802.11n/ac. I am enjoying an environment configured to only allow TLSv1.2 and deny everything else. It may not be a realistic option for everyone, but for anything new built in 2015 and later is the only sensible choice. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. This is a typo or copy paste error. Based on the 52dbw EIRP it is a standard FCC compliant 80 GHz FDD radio system (same family as bridgewave, e-band, siklu, SIAE). Actual electrical power consumed at the wall is probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking http://ipnsig.org/ Never buy any inkjet printer. I threw in the garbage a Canon multifunction that refused ton work as a SCANNER when its ink was empty. If you have the space and print a lot of black and white, buy an eight year old used HP LaserJet with an Ethernet interface. Even a 4100DTN is a great deal, sub $100. ha, ha: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blueseed tl;dr Someone is getting fired. " All we had to do was download an app and click on some mysterious Chinese advertisements to top up our data. " This is the sort of shit that keeps network security people awake at night. I bet they enabled third-party app downloads on their Android phones and uninstalled some unknown .apk The future business leaders of America... fuck... These are the sort of people who give Americans a bad name overseas. I mean seriously how do you fail to learn that China requires visas? Or know the history of HK-China and why there is a border? At least they're apparently not blistering blowhards like some merkins in Europe. To be fair to China's chauvinist culture they would've done the same of the visitors/clients were Chinese. Actually if they were Chinese they probably would've been taken directly to a brothel. The 2707's cancellation being the reason for Boeing laying of 60,000 people is a huge exaggeration. There was a general downturn in ALL airliner sales at that point in time in the 1970s, affecting the volume of existing subsonic airplane production. http://old.seattletimes.com/special/centennial/november/ligh... Read more history about the 1970s oil/energy crisis. original purpose: building a giant airship new purpose: pasty white germans eating barbecued sausage and drinking beer on a fake tropical beach Most long haul fiber cables pulled these days are way more than 48, at minimum 144, 288 or most commonly 864 strand ribbon. If you're trenching 300 km of fiber along a railway the cable itself is actually a small fraction of the total project costs. At most a 5% delta between 72 and 288. In an African context with limited logistics and trucking options, absolutely. And the projects are at a bare minimum budget already. I've been involved with a few, just the subcontract for concrete vaults/splice locations runs on a shoestring budget. In many cases bringing singlemode to an inland/remote city will be a dramatic improvement no matter even if it's 12 strands back to the capitol city/cable landing station location. We're talking about replacing microwave backhauls that are 4 x STM1 capacity total, serving the entire inland/up-country area of a nation, with a single 10GbE circuit. Dramatic difference. And very basic 100 GHz grid DWDM gear can be used. I don't understand why anyone would buy a home automation/smart-home device that can't work fully independent of "the cloud" (butt) with local management. If I can't talk to it over private IP space and run a local daemon/server on the same layer 2 ethernet fabric to manage it (eg: Unifi), I don't want it. If I want to remotely access a camera or something like dropcam I am perfectly capable of VPNing in to my own home network to do so. I don't need the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. If you didn't build it and you don't know where it is, it could go away at any time for any reason and you will have zero recourse. DO NOT. TRUST. THE BUTT. and this is why certain 4x4 enthusiasts enjoy driving 25 year old diesel vehicles. How long until somebody in MA screen captures the entire Model S service manual and puts it up for public consumption as a torrent? The people who live in Dildo, Newfoundland will be disappointed. The warrant is ridiculous even without the tor part. Read pages #6 and #7. http://www.thestranger.com/images/blogimages/2016/04/08/1460... ISPs maintain hash values of known child porn files? Show me a single ISP in the Seattle area that runs any of its residential customer http traffic through a caching proxy that examines and hashes each file, I'll eat my shoe. I know the hashes exist, but they're not used on traffic in transit except in very unusual circumstances. They're used by web hosting companies/dedicated server providers/VPS hosting companies etc to examine the disk/storage device contents of a suspicious server against a known list of the hashes of previously-seized CP. Yes, about 90% of this affidavit is fill-in-the-blanks boilerplate. 99% of all VPS providers (in the $5/mo category, not $75/mo) will kill your account for running an exit node. They do not want their blocks of ARIN, RIPE or APNIC ipv4 space listed in every abuse and spam swamp realtime black hole list in existence. coming soon to bearded skinny pants hipsters everywhere!!! don't forget your portable mechanical typewriter so you can write your memoirs at the local coffee shop. I'm not quite sure how to sent a direct user-to-user message, or if it's possible, so I'm doing this in a reply... I would also like to compare notes and previous experience from telecom/ISP work in developing nation environments. One of the things I think will be interesting to see in the next few years is the glut of previous-generation DWDM transport gear (Ciena, Cisco, Infinera, Adva, etc) which is being replaced by US ISPs. Equipment that can do 40 x 10 Gbps channels in the 100 GHz ITU grid is becoming obsolete and pretty much everyone is upgrading to gear that can do 100 Gbps per channel. It'll be available really cheap in the used/refurb market and totally suitable for long distance applications in Africa where newly installed dark fiber is available. I already know of a few ISPs in the Seattle area that are pretty much giving away their old DWDM stuff. For small working groups that all trust each other (example: a network engineering team at an ISP with a bastion host that everyone needs to SSH into before accessing anything else), a really easy solution is to run an ircd that only listens on 127.0.0.1, only allows access via properly set up public/private key ssh shells, and have everyone keep a persistent "screen" (or tmux) session running. You could have a very lightweight http server that only runs for the 30-second period of time needed to communicate with the ACME server for the certificate issue... I would be surprised if CSE and CSIS don't have their own staff embedded inside Blackberry, either with or without the company's knowledge. They don't have nearly the budget that NSA does but they're not stupid. One of the amazing things about the US is that poorest 15% of the population (by gross household income) is also the FATTEST segment of the population. In developing countries where the poorest 15% are truly living a bare existence lifestyle (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh) you would never see a poor obese person. replacing openssh with something you've written yourself seems like reinventing the wheel, just because you can. the sheer number of person-hours at developer salary rates in north america would probably amount to at least a few million dollars. not only was it a military dictatorship, it was a military dictatorship with its domestic, foreign and signals intelligence agencies set up by the CIA and NSA. Part of the historical and ongoing extensive cooperation between the US DoD and the South Korean armed forces. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Intelligence_Service_... if somebody wants to sue a layer 2 ethernet fabric chip maker they're insane. any asshole can use a switch to do any sort of terrible thing with their nation's internet infrastructure. it's like suing intel because they made the 1GbE NIC in a server seized for kiddie porn. Don't forget US support for the Greek military junta: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_military_junta_of_1967%E... And the US military LOVED Saddam Hussein. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_support_for_Iraq... Show me any documentation whatsoever that proves a pure layer 2 Ethernet switch has been put on a test network and observed (via packet capture on its upstream) sending data home. Well, it'd probably be a capitalist randian chaebol clusterfuck of industry and manufacturing, rather than juche. Not at all. "Put a suspicious device on an internet connection, let it run, and capture all packets to see where it phones home" is a fairly basic process. Those who have not yet seen it should watch The Killing Fields. "We've invented the wine bottle version of an inkjet cartridge or Keurig plastic k-cup, give us money". VCs: HERE HAVE SOME CASH Very true. I just don't think there's that much of a market for people who want to drink half a bottle of wine and have the rest remain 'fresh'. The average consumer is also becoming increasingly aware of how the razor-blade sales model is bad for them. > more basic journalism than CNN? CNN has been a joke for a long time. This is totally unsurprising to anyone that has seen in person the state of "enterprise" IT at a large organization in India, Pakistan or Bangladesh. Not really, if your expected adversary is your local nation state that wants to watch your Internet traffic for domestic political dissent (Iran, Ethiopia, China, etc). Whole article tl;dr: randian libertarian idealist buttcoin people are extremely surprised to discover that a black market economy turns out to actually contain real blackhats. Without going into detail that violates an NDA or reveals who I am, I've seen the back-end database/billing/network monitoring infrastructure for the three largest mobile network operators in Pakistan. It's scary. The banks in PK are worse. The lack of giving a fuck (or clue) is endemic to the region. People in south asia build their networks the same way they build their municipal electrical grids, in-premises 230VAC electricity, and municipal gas pipeline networks (in a very scary slapped together way). This may be partially explained by a brain drain effect where everyone who really knows what they're doing on a *nix platform leaves the country to work for $70,000+ USD/year somewhere outside of PK/IN/BD. Those who are left are very far from the best network security, network engineering or sysadmin talents. Particularly when basic networking gear that will do the job is NOT that expensive. There are equipment importers in major south asian cities who bring in used/refurb PCs, servers and network gear. You can get a Cisco 3550-48 for $40. For an organization of this size there is no excuse to build a network with D-Links. Most of the talent pool of qualified persons who can successfully install openbsd and configure it properly as a firewall have probably obtained foreign work visas and are not working for domestic enterprises in bangladesh, at local bangladesh salary rates. They are at minimum working for $2000/mo in the UAE as some company's IT guy. It was fairly widely known in the network engineering community in 2003/2004 that the "Echelon" system collected an extensive amount of domestic data for each of the five eyes, using legal dodges where a foreign agency (like GCHQ) would siphon american/canadian data and feed it to the NSA and CSE, and vice versa. Those who knew how much the system had changed from satellite-intelligence gathering (from the era prior to transatlantic/transpacific submarine fiber, where most phone calls and international data were satellite based), to tapping fiber at submarine cable landing stations and "partnering" with major telcos, were totally unsurprised. IMHO if you're doing anything financial and don't own the bare metal hardware that the hypervisor runs on and 100% control physical access to it, and run your own network gear (right up to your border with transit providers), you're doing something fundamentally wrong. it's a blunt dog whistle for "hey libertarian gold hoarders we are your sort of people" 80 GHz is "light licensed" in the US, the paperwork requirements are not onerous. It's less costly and complicated than a regular part 101 licensed microwave link. It's definitely not something to trust in, but intercepting (at a layer 1 level) a PTP 80 GHz link is actually harder than tapping fiber. You'd have to have Rx equipment either directly in the path or directly behind both ends of the radio link. As compared to the effort required to cut an aerial or underground singlemode cable and fusion splice in place a passive prism split tap (basically the same thing as inserting a split in a GPON FTTH network). A practiced outside plant fiber crew of 2 persons and a bucket truck could do this with less than 5 minutes of downtime on a router-to-router optical interface, short enough time to clear any NMS alerts and prevent a repair team truck roll. Assuming we're talking about only two strands. Either way actual security is accomplished through standard based crypto, not obfuscation or preventing people from messing with the layer-1. That's the nature of 80 GHz, design the links for your climate and don't try to go more than 2-3km. You can achieve five nines. And yes, run a 5.x GHz backup path in parallel. It has a 10GbE SFP+ optical interface and functions as a layer 2 ethernet bridge. From an ethernet port perspective same as 99% of the other PTP microwave and millimeter wave radios on the market. What's new is the 10Gb (vs existing radios with 1Gb SFP). Read the datasheet linked at the bottom of the page. terrestrial microwave engineer here: "80 GHz" is actually 71-86 GHz FDD. The original FCC band plan allowed for 5000 MHz wide channels each direction and basically OOK or BPSK level modulation. Newer radios use 250, 500 or 1000 MHZ wide FDD channels and QPSK or better. Incredibly wide channels can be used because it falls off in the atmosphere so rapidly after a few km, and the antennas are all very narrow parabolic reflectors with less than 1 degre beamwidth. Basically no colocation interference issues are possible unless two companies try to shoot from the same rooftop, to also the same rooftop, using the same channel AND the same linear polarity. for what dollar figure, distance and speeds? anywhere from $300/link (a pair of ubiquiti powerbeam AC 5 GHz) up to $20,000 for 1 to 10GbE licensed. Most new licensed band 6, 11, 18, 23 GHz radios these days are 1024QAM capable. For 80 GHz the hot new thing is radios capable of 16/64/256QAM at varying code rates. it's worth noting that this is just the first one publicly announced and not under NDA.. It's from a russian radar/microwave/millimeter wave manufacturer. All of the other much larger players such as Bridgewave also have 10 Gbps radios coming. Yes, or if your fast, cheap new metro ethernet 10GbE circuit between two buildings has been provisioned by your ISP as some form of transport (handoff into a WDM system, EoMPLS tunnel), etc, it's not difficult for them to 'mirror' your port. It could be pre-tapped before it was ever turned up for customer service. Or the splitter could be installed in your riser cable at one end, before you ever started moving packets across it. Or a myriad of other things. not really, fiber is still greatly preferred (For example: it's impossible to do 40Gb by microwave/millimeter wave, but a CWDM 4-channel 4x10GbE passive mux/demux on two strands of singlemode is trivial and very very cheap), or just a pair of 40Gb QSFP 10km reach optics using a single 1550nm wavelength between two routers or metro-E switches. But wireless can reach small cells, rooftops and towers that might be a very costly underground fiber build at $400-900/meter total construction cost to dig up streets in urban cores. It very much depends on the location. http://www.lamont.me.uk/capenhurst/original.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/how-britain-eavesdropped-o... Now that's just xenophobic and ignorant, you expect all 175 million people to go where? It's like blaming every single person in Maricopa County, AZ for the actions of Joe Arpaio. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Arpaio > In most businesses if a man wears anything except a suit and tie it is a topic of serious consideration, and possibly a firing offense. You haven't been anywhere near any sort of technology company in Seattle in the past 10 years, have you? there was at one time talk of expanding the 'five eyes' community to seven or nine, countries such as norway, denmark and germany would have been the top candidates for inclusion. Webpass uses a fairly large number of Siklu 80 GHz 1 Gbps radios on rooftops for backbone links in SF. a great deal lower, the optical ITU DWDM grid is around 191.7 THz to 196.1 THz An AF5 or AF5X PTP link isn't a transparent 1Gb full duplex bridge, realistically you'll achieve 250-400 Mbps max. They're great radios but physics is still physics, 40 or 80 MHz wide dual polarity channel at 256QAM 5/6 code rate is not 1GbE. That is true. One of the fun things illustrating first-hand how microwave/millimeter wave and fiber are the same thing is if you ever get to handle a 120 GHz band waveguide/feed. Some radar and military stuff operates in the 120 band. It's so incredibly tiny and narrow compared to a 11 or 18 GHz microwave waveguide. Then imagine continuing to make it narrower while increasing the frequency, follow that to its logical conclusion and you have imagined a 9/125 fiber. That span is the total allowable space in the FCC part 15 rules for 5 GHz gear, where the AF5/5X has been tested and certified. Other radios can be used from 5200 to 5850 MHz (DFS frequencies permitting). But the size of the channels it can operate in are 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 60 or 80 MHz wide. Software configurable on the radio. millimeter wave waveguide on the rear of a parabolic antenna (30, 60cm dish) is actually circular (cylindrical), supporting dual polarity operation (opposite H and V). Individual radio heads like this russian radio or other 80 GHz radios are still single polarity. In certain scenarios you can mount two radio heads on a T-shaped waveguide on the rear of one dish antenna, one in H, one in V. I've yet to see a product of any sort I can buy with a credit card or purchase order. Would also like to know if anything comes of it. Not really, 80 GHz is definitely difficult to aim, the very center of the beam is quite small. The mounts for the most popular antennas accommodate this and have very fine adjustments for the azimuth and elevation. Keeping them aligned long term? Not a problem as long as the mounts the radios are on (whether non penetrating or bolted to a wall/structure on a building roof) are done properly. signal/noise ratio is a big one and RSL level. There are even 4096QAM radios now but they need a signal like -51 to operate at their full modulation. Otherwise they ACM down to 1024 (around -62), 256 and then 64QAM. The key part in physics is it's still a wave... And a singlemode fiber is a type of waveguide. A 120GHz signal is a wave, a 171 THz signal is a wave, the latter just has a much shorter wavelength. It can have some effect but at the distances aimed (max 3km for a high reliability, high Tx power 80 GHz link) it doesn't affect much. A link that is a nominal -34 RSL on a clear sunny day might drop to -36.5 as a result of building sway (such as if one end is on top of a 60 floor tower). Weather is the main issue not heat expansion/contraction or sway. It'd have to be a big ass drone, I have links that stayed up when a Canada goose was sitting 2 ft directly in front of the 60cm antenna on one end. Real headline: Swiss ISP's upstream provider (a large backbone who should know better) fails to implement prefix filtering. Sort of like when Pakistan's PTCL hijacked YouTube. Though you need to be 500-650 meters max from your source of bandwidth for it to be reliable, 60 is super short range. There is no way they're going to get millions of random clients and tourists to use 802.1x auth on their phones. Though with small monopole and cellular rooftop sites, MW can frequently be built in a ring or redundant traffic path configuration. Fiber to many endpoint sites like a cell tower is frequently a star topology network with one cable in a linear path along a ROW either aerial or underground. Not even recent, the US supported Mubarak since he took power after the Sadat assassination. Yes elva-1 is a Russian company, most likely they're trying to obfuscate that on their English language web presence. It is sort of a shame because they are just as competent as many of the California based microwave engineering firms, and have been around for 25+ years. Their roots are in military radar systems much like some of the Israeli RF companies (Ceragon, etc). Now I wonder what the diesel emissions of a 20 year old ford f350 are. A lot, I imagine. "A huge guy"...? New service like uber: "rent a 350 pound Samoan" VC money please! I am pretty sure you could make a very, very low power watchdog circuit that only wakes up a GPS receiver and 2G/3G modem when it detects 60+ seconds of continual motion. Otherwise it'd sleep at very low power. This would fit in a $50 CF seatpost. Most good GPS receivers will get a signal through an ordinary low cost generic Chinese carbon fiber seatpost. Careful not to get the very cheap ones which are Alu wrapped in a CF laminate. The metal insert for bottom bracket (BB30 or not) can have an SN. this is permanently glued to the frame. Really expensive bikes you just don't ever lock anywhere in public. I don't know anyone in Vancouver who would lock a $3500 road or mountain bike anywhere. You're either in possession of it or it's in your garage. There are B&E teams who break into garages in metro van looking for peoples' MTB collection, so this doesn't really solve the problem, but then you've got alarm systems, bars on windows, house insurance etc. "Modified phones"? What was this, a VoIP company? Hosting? The article is really vague. VoIP over VPN to a centelized server? They're renting commercial geostationary Ku transponder capacity (by the kHz) like any commercial TV station. Little known fact: The Germans in the BMW marketing department at first wanted to name the new "ReachNow" service in Seattle "ReachAround". "I'll be there in 15 minutes but first Bob has to get me a reacharound" You really don't want to use DC for distribution in your home. Go price out telcoflex copper cabling (from 0000 up to 4 gauge) for -48VDC datacenter use. Voltage drop over distance and losses to heat make it impractical in homes. You really want to pay the extra money to wire your home with 6AWG cable in the walls? That's a lot of copper. Centralizing an AC to DC transformer is pointless for consumer stuff since things run on DIFFERENT voltages. A lot of consumer grade stuff is 5VDC internally. Or 12VDC. Or 17.5VDC. Or 19.2VDC laptops. Or 24VDC. Or 48VDC. That's before we even get into the problem of "everything in the world is already standardized to run from 110-240VAC 50/60Hz". If you really want to do DC distribution in your home, do it with 802.3af/802.3at switches (or "dumb" midspan injectors") and cat5e/cat6 cable. You can get LED lightings and other things that will run off PoE voltages and amperages now. The air quality in Karachi and Lahore is really, really bad as well. Spend one work day in Lahore wearing a clean white collared shirt and then take a photo of the shirt... wait until we have USB-C charged hoverboards (and similar products), where not only can the charger and cable catch fire, but so will the low budget Li-Ion battery pack/charge controller/battery management system. Even if you can only write at 80MB/s it doesn't take that long to do 4TB. The major challenge now is no longer PV and gridtie inverters, but energy storage. Whether it's batteries, pumped storage hydroelectric, whatever. $$$ per kWh stored (and the lifetime/cycle life + operating costs of that storage) is a key benchmark. NSA will simply pwn the endpoint devices of whoever they're really interested in. gggggggooooooaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllll Or, "how not to drop a satellite on the floor": https://www.spaceflightnow.com/news/n0410/04noaanreport/ and definitely not an SNMP MIB There are satellite that use the STT system almost entirely independently of all other systems. Particularly ones that need to remain in a certain orientation for 100% of their service life, such as geostationary telecom and weather satellites that orbit along the equator and are always aimed towards the visible hemisphere of earth. On those, the directional hemisphere and spot beam antennas are fixed in place (or can only move a few degrees motion at best, such as Ku band spot beam antennas), relying on the body orientation of the satellite to service a certain area of the visible hemisphere. Satellites are designed to go into "safe mode" if certain fault protection events happen, or the multiply redundant control systems/onboard computers don't agree with each other. Safe mode usually means shutting down all nonessential electrical loads and trying to orient themselves so that solar panels receive the greatest amount of charge, while listening for command and control data on their omni (L and S band) TT&C antennas. With this event it sounds like something REALLY went wrong since not only did the satellite try to correct a nonexistant wrong orientation via its reaction wheels (reaction wheels are not nearly as powerful in real life as they are in kerbal space program), it then decided to start expending propellant and spun itself up to such a RPM of revolutions that it tore off its own solar panels, and anything else that would be vulnerable to high centrifugal G forces. Automated code that expends propellant is usually checked much more carefully than this, since the amount of propellant is fixed and non renewable, usually the primary constraint on the total service life of the satellite. Most satellites run out of stationkeeping/orientation propellant (or propellant for ion engine delta-V changes) long before their multiply redundant solar/charge controller/battery/computer control systems fail. I know this was a science and LEO (low earth orbit) satellite, but here's something to consider when thinking about the difficulties of engineering hardware & software to work together in a satellite. Geostationary telecom (and weather, and SIGINT, etc) satellites: In the entire history of manned spaceflight no human has ever visited geostationary orbit. Once placed in a geostationary transfer orbit (about 450 x 36,000 km) and then onwards to final geostationary orbit, nobody will ever see a satellite again. The largest ones weigh 6000 kilograms and are the size of greyhound buses. They're out there right now operating with multiply-redundant everything and cost $150 million to build and launch. It is highly unlikely that any time in the next 25 years any human will ever visit one in person or touch one. When a satellite is encapsulated in its fairing/shroud for launch that is the last time anyone will ever see it until its ultimate end of life in hopefully 15 years. Every one of its control systems needs to be so thoroughly debugged and multiply redundant that it can operate out there with absolutely zero chance of repair or parts replacement. "We've put our automated checklist for site deployment on the internal mediawiki page at https://site.goes.here , problem is that Bob was trying to rack the 85 pound, 4U server containing the hypervisor that runs the wiki instance, and he dropped it on the floor from a 6' height" Something as simple as software to prevent extended firings of a thruster for any reason would have worked. In a LEO satellite it's constantly being exposed to night/day cycles and isn't in danger of draining the batteries in safe mode, no matter what orientation it is. LEO satellites have low-bandwidth TT&C (tracking telemetry and control) omnidirectional antennas and radio systems in the L and S bands that don't particularly care about the orientation of the satellite. Code as simple as "if thruster tries to fire for greater than period of time, call exception, place satellite in safe mode" would have worked. Using ground based TT&C systems it's possible to manually reorient a satellite in safe mode, or query what its star tracker sees. Probably wouldn't have happened during launch, though, as the mechanism attaching it to the rotational base would've been replaced with a special pyro platform rigged with explosive bolts to separate the satellite from the final carrier stage. Hopefully the people who rig the explosive bolts are a bit more thorough with their checklist. https://psemc.com/products/cartridge-actuated-devices-cads/e... I'm saying sort of the opposite - there have been very, very rare cases where satellites in LEO were visited by humans and repaired or retrieved, but it's extremely uneconomical (Hubble, LDEF, etc). Actually cheaper to build and launch a new one. But at least it is technologically possible. Whereas nobody has ever gone to geostationary orbit. There have been proposals for ion engined orbital tugs to grab onto old, out-of-stationkeeping-propellant satellites that still have good electronics, for the purpose of extending their life, or moving them to a new orbital position. But nothing has actually flown. We've been to the moon but humans have never put a manned craft in geostationary orbit, or returned from it - the delta-V requirements are different. you know the flash animation video that goes "badger badger badger badger badger"? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIyixC9NsLI well, think like that, except; lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer mushroom, mushroom When you work for an intelligence agency, federal law enforcement, customs/immigration or something like that (or a private sector contractor for them), and the topic of discussion is the MILF? the MILF is a violent organization that has been known to cut off peoples' heads... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moro_Islamic_Liberation_Front Time series does not necessarily have to be about 'huge' data either, just a much greater level of historical precision. Example: ISP sells a circuit with 95th percentile billing to a customer. If you poll SNMP data from a router interface on 60 second intervals and store it in an RRA file, you will lose a great deal of precision over time (because RRAs are highly compressed over time). You'll have no ability to go back and pull a query like "We want to see traffic stats for the DDoS this customer took at 9am on February 26th of last year". with time series statistics you can then feed it into tools such as grafana for visualization. An implementation such as openTSDB to grab the traffic stats for a particular SNMP OID and store it will allow you to store all traffic data forever and retrieve it as needed later on. The amount of data written per 60 second interval is miniscule, a server with a few hundred GB of SSD storage will be sufficient to store all traffic stats for relevant interfaces on core/agg routers for a fairly large sized ISP for several years. One of the major things not really addressed in the article is backhaul for each 4.5G/5G cell site or small cell site. More air spectrum and better radio modulation/MIMO for the cell-to-handset is very important, but that's only a piece of the puzzle... There's still a lot of locations out there without fiber, or that are currently fed by a 250-400Mbps capacity PTP microwave link. Cellular carriers are aggressively spending money to bring dark fiber to tower sites, of course, with the minimum connectivity for a new site being a single 10GbE circuit. This is one of the things driving the growth of outside-plant fiber construction and dedicated-purpose dark fiber network operators (example: Zayo's ongoing new builds spending $$$$$ in major metro areas in Texas). The other part of the puzzle is much higher capacity new PTP microwave to feed sites, some of which will be logically downstream of newly fiber-fed sites. These new links will be at 1 Gbps to 5Gbps+ capacity. 24,000 twitter followers for $30, one time payment? Makes me wonder what the ratio of live humans to automatically generated bot-accounts on twitter is. And the total number of registered twitter usernames in existence. The prefab functional/ugly architecture is remarkably similar to parts of the Bagram and Kandahar air bases, but obviously adapted for the polar climate. It makes sense when you consider that the place has been run by large federal defense contractors for the last 30+ years, as mentioned in the article, Raytheon and now Lockhed Martin (PAE). PAE also does a lot of work in Afghanistan. I'm sure if/when PAE ever loses the contract it'll go over to somebody like DynCorp. please drink a verification can: http://i.imgur.com/dgGvgKF.png From an ISP network engineering perspective, something like 85-90% of these tools are obsolete, no longer maintained, or proprietary to some particular manufacturer's platform. There's a much, much shorter list of modern BSD, Apache or GSL licensed monitoring systems that includes opennms, zabbix, zenoss, cacti, etc. pretty much the gold standard in extremely long life batteries, non rechargable lithium, but they're not cheap: http://www.tadiran.com/ You did an SF-86 and went through the whole OPM background check process for Secret and weren't drug tested? Seriously? There's opennms + opentsdb + grafana solutions. It's a stupid idea to do a truck roll to resolve upstream peering/transit/congestion issues with the IP network. The technician's job is to diagnose OSI layer 1/2 issues to your local DSLAM or CMTS. Usually because a customer can't properly articulate on the phone what's wrong with their connection. Last mile broadband providers want to do as much as possible to avoid a site visit to a home. Unless they're charging $95 per visit one technician visit for 30 minutes can eat up all the profit from that customer for an entire year. It very much depends on where the local speedtest.net server is in relation to you in terms of network topology. If you're in a large city like SF or Seattle, your ISP might host a 1U box from ookla or directly peer with them at a major IX point less than 15 milliseconds away from you. sadly, I am... I work for an ISP that generally doesn't make these mistakes, our network engineering/operations/construction team enjoys observing all the stupid things Centurylink and Comcast do in our local market. How many months from release until the FISA court issues a secret order to turn one of these on 24x7x365 in a suspect's home, and stream the audio to the FBI "counter terrorism" people investigating a subject? Whenever I see one of these things, and the people who happily purchase it without giving even two seconds of thought to the privacy implications, it makes me realize how important organizations like the FSF and EFF are. It might be the first one to pass some sort of critical mass of consumer adoption, and within a few years have 10x the market share of Amazon Echo. Depends how much Google subsidizes the hardware and how much they advertise/push it in their other platforms. incredibly inefficiently, and only for loads of 5-10W max... phone wiring is not thick enough in gauge and 12V has very high voltage drop over distance for any appreciable amperage. there is a good reason why we use 110-240VAC to distribute power in houses. This is unfortunate, but I can sort of understand why. Customers are frequently mistaken on what's wrong with their connection, example, the customer thinks they're seeing 0.5% packet loss and high jitter consistently to something that's 3 hops upstream of their default gateway, when in fact there's something messed up in their home Wifi which is on channel 1 the same as their four neighbors. It takes a lot of time (time = money) to train first tier customer service reps how to recognize what needs to be escalated to the people who have 'enable' on the network equipment 2 to 4 hops upstream of a typical cablemodem/DSL customer. And then the management decision to empower them to do so if necessary. And a method for the NOC of filtering through the crap to discover that "Yes, this customer really has discovered some service impacting issue that has not been automatically reported by our NMS". I wonder if the biometric fingerprint thingy can be defeated with a gummy bear. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/05/16/gummi_bears_defeat_f... http://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities-and-threats/apple... ? For $699 you can build a Skylake based mini-ITX system that uses a real, PCI-Express 3.0 x16 video card (in the $225 price range for the video card alone) that will kick this thing's butt in every benchmark. The Intel "gaming" NUC is $699 before you put in any RAM and an SSD, so its actual total build cost as a barebones is probably around $899. The mini-ITX system will be slightly bigger, but also more robust in nearly every way. Yes it's tiny and slim but it's effectively laptop grade CPU with onboard GPU in a single motherboard. Where are you getting two SSDs from? I never said that. I'm guessing the 6700 in the NUC is very thermally limited vs a full core i5 or i7 desktop CPU which can have a TDP of up to 85W. Force them to learn English? It is the defacto language of science and technology. For a population of less than 500,000 they're not going to develop locally created curriculum for, for example, masters degrees in electrical engineering and medical sciences in the Berber language. The 3rd and 4th step will break a lot of compatibility. But requiring TLS1.2 works with any browser shipped in 2011 or later. I'm betting way less than 1% of usersgents these days cannot do TLS 1.2. $1349 is not totally nuts, 2560x1600 displays requiring dual link DVI appeared at the same price point in mid 2007. Maybe they'd rather learn Chinese? I don't care what they study nor do I want to "colonize" their desert. Anything that improves their standard of living and political self determination is probably an improvement at this point. That is true, though I have met a number of Icelanders and they do any serious science in English. They also have the benefit of extensive educational and university exchanges with Denmark and Norway. And they're not a refugee population living in a desert without a functioning government. Hey, you know, Facebook isn't obligated to publish anything. It's a 'free' service. If you want to publish something run your own httpd. There is absolutely nothing preventing anyone with $20 from buying their own domain, setting up DNS on it and running a webserver through a bulk hosting company. Oh wait, that's too hard for you? I can hear the world's smallest violin playing. Oh I'm very much aware of it. Anyone's relationship with Facebook is governed by their TOS, nothing more. Because it's a 'free' service, you're not owed anything by it. In fact, you're the product. Facebook wants to be the world's largest walled garden and their entire revenue model is based on keeping everyone trapped inside it, for the purpose of selling advertising. I would never encourage anyone to rely solely on Facebook to publish anything they care about, no matter where it is on the political spectrum. You can use it as a tool to reach more people but don't become utterly dependent upon it, that's just foolish. Expect and plan for anything that you pay $0.00 for to disappear at any time, for any random reason. Most large cities' building codes mandate auto-start/auto-transfer backup generators for elevators in buildings over a certain height. It is sometimes possible to put critical equipment on a generator backed circuit (such as a 48-port 802.3af PoE switch providing power to phones). More like an example of how their provisioning and documentation process is broken, you can absolutely have critical things on SIP (and PoE powered security cameras, etc), just don't forget to document it correctly. If you're not paying money to publish content on somebody else's httpd, and have no contractual relationship with them for services, you have very little recourse if the publishing platform suddenly disappears for any reason. Business failure, server failure, corporate censorship/policies, whatever. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor corollary: never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by a automated abuse-prevention system (in this case, people flagging posts) doing what it was designed to do with zero human intervention. I am in complete agreement with you. If you care about something, publish it yourself. The sad fact is that Facebook's walled garden allows people with literally no technical clue whatsoever to set up a 'page', it's not nearly as difficult as buying a domain name and paying $5/mo to a hosting company. Then when the magical friendly service they're paying nothing for and have no service contact with disappears, goes bankrupt, gets acquired and shutdown by a larger company or decides to block them for arbitrary (automated abuse prevention) reasons, the first cry is "censorship". They made the move because walled gardens are much easier to use, require far less effort and have nicer friendly UIs built by large teams of UI/UX people who have the goal of keeping people captive via browser sessions and their mobile apps. It's because people crave social approval at a very basic mammalian level. If you live in Portland and are a vegan political science major, your Facebook news feed will reinforce your world view through most of the posts coming from your friends. And vice versa for other locales and perspectives. At a certain point it becomes an echo chamber of endlessly repeated "news". > I wouldn't be in the least surprised if companies will use your previous buying behavior to give you a custom price. Amazon already does this for a lot of items based on your account, cookies, user agent and previous buying history. Try pulling up a few items and having a few friends or colleagues also search for and add the same items to their cart. Even with the same shipping zip code (shipped to same office during work hours), prices will differ. Anecdotally I know somebody in Seattle who absolutely freaked out a bank branch manager by moving their entire account after being treated poorly... You never know who fits in the venn diagram of: a) likes to work on their own cars on the weekend b) goes to the bank in oil spotted work clothes c) has family that purchased a large chunk of microsoft stock in 1987 The $3/month for an active SIM with billed-as-you-go data in $ per GB rate is a great deal like the "Ting" MVNO: https://ting.com/rates For something like emergency OOB access via HSPA+/LTE modem into critical infrastructure it's hard to beat $3-4 per month per active SIM card, when the actual amount of data moved in a month might be less than 50MB. For group use it's really not competitive with AT&T's own-brand Cricket MVNO either, you can get five active LTE lines/SIMs with 2.5GB data each (not a shared pool) for $100/mo including tax. Data drops to 128kbps full duplex after the 2.5GB. $20/mo per active phone. https://www.cricketwireless.com/support/account-management/a... Also of historical interest, particularly for the American south: "The Negro Motorist's Green Book" Locations of "sundown" towns, where to get a meal at a restaurant, where you can get a motel room. http://www.autolife.umd.umich.edu/Race/R_Casestudy/87_135_17... This can be harder to do than it looks at first glance - the electrical cable "snake" that follows elevators up and down their shaft is frequently implemented with only POTS/cat3 grade wiring. Getting a SIP phone to work in one can require a local source of power in the elevator (usually a 120VAC to 12VDC power supply for the phone rather than PoE) and a VDSL2 bridge for 100BaseTX over the old style phone wiring. Much more likely the telco would just have the business name for billing info for a POTS line and would happily shut it off. The dishes have considerable value if dismantled carefully and relocated for a current C, Ku and Ka band teleport operator (two way satellite services). Will likely need new feeds and all electronics. A new 16.4 meter C-band earth station dish is $165,000+. Given the NSA site, I wonder what the availability of commercial DWDM services is to Ashburn, VA from dark fiber owners such as level3, zayo, etc. Locations of buried 288 strand cable and raman amplifier sites would not be too difficult to discover. The US government usually doesn't build its own longhaul fiber. This is a fine reason to use OSTicket or Request Tracker, both of which are free, open source and (with their various dependencies and modules) composed of entirely GPL, BSD and Apache licensed software. Disregard Zendesk, acquire RT. RT has been around for 15 years but it's continually developed and kept up to date. It's used by a large percentage of the 50 largest ISPs in the world for their back-end OSS/NOC ticketing. Wait until they go after everything that's pronounced verbally like Zen. Most people I know if speaking about the Xen hypervisor will say "zen", not pronounce it as if it were a Chinese family name (Chen or how the X in Xiaoming is pronounced). Some defunct military bases are still having trouble attracting valuable industrial tenants even after 40 years, example: Closed as an air force base in 1966 and turned over to the local government, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_County_International_Air... Closed as an active SAC bomber air force base in 1969, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton-Sherman_Industrial_Air... The people who do satellite SIGINT for non-five-eyes nations don't need to be told this, they already know. For listening to geostationary satellites it's fairly basic criteria, simply, be in a low population area that is RF quiet. The parabolic dish antennas at 9 meters+ are very, very directional. the placebo (and nocebo) effect is a hell of a thing I don't know where you got this idea, the NRQZ encompasses a huge area and people most definitely do have microwave ovens. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_National_Radio_Q... You think that nobody in a city the size of Harrisonburg VA has a microwave? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrisonburg,_Virginia It's within a 1 mile radius of the radio astronomy dish that petrol engined cars (spark plugs) and emitters like microwaves are banned. You can install licensed point to point microwave radio and VHF/UHF radio systems, etc in the NRQZ, you just need to go through a coordination process. https://science.nrao.edu/facilities/gbt/interference-protect... The defaults in debian for fail2ban are too short, in my opinion, it's useful to turn the ssh, postfix and other daemons' fail2ban time up to 3000 seconds. Haeeelooo sir, we are to be recruiting for very senior position of Windows NT4 administratrator in Moldova. Compensations is excellent. Pelase to be replying as quickly as possible like and many good feelings shall be had. Understanding African ISP network topology is only possible with a thorough knowledge of where the OSI layer 1 is: specifically, where the submarine cables are, and where they are not. The cables that reached Accra, Ghana in the past ten years for transport capacity to London are a good example. And the more recent cables that connect Sierra Leone, Liberia ,etc. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EASSy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAT-3/WASC https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TEAMS_%28cable_system%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SACS_%28cable_system%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SEACOM_%28African_cable_system... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_One https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACE_%28cable_system%29 There is still a great deal of network traffic that takes a round-trip to Europe before reaching another African nation. As an example: If you look at the BGP adjacencies and IP space, all of the ISPs in Freetown, Sierra Leone are logically the same as if they were in a suburb of London. Things are also heavily imbalanced in terms of the influence that .ZA wields. Something like 80% of the AFNIC IP space that is issued annually (in terms of cumulative number of newly issued ipv4 /24s) goes to .CO.ZA ISPs. You're basically asking "How do I start a WISP?". What is your existing level of networking knowledge? "According to AMD"... yeah. Right. Just like the last generation. I'll believe it when I see the benchmarks run by anandtech, arstechnica and hardocp. It doesn't have to be as fast as the top end core i7, if they can make something faster that sells for the price of a mid range core i5. Uhhh. Have you ever worked for an ISP in any capacity? Personally worked with fiber or microwave transport systems? That list of stuff looks like something a person would copy+paste on a resume. Not trying to dissuade you, but your initial question is really vague. Exactly what are you trying to accomplish and where? based on your questions, I recommend you hire a professional to implement your project. As for money, how can you ask that question if the goals, location and scope of your project have not been defined? "I want to build a WISP covering an entire multi-county area in Montana with 200Mbps+ last mile services" or "I want to build a single point to point link with $95 ubnt radios 3km to service an island" totally different things. An effective barrier is making it IMPOSSIBLE for a government request for data to be fulfilled - such as end-to-end encryption where the intermediary never has the key, like Whatsapp has done. This is easiest if implemented into a new system from the beginning design of its architecture. It completely removes the need to waste person-hours attempting to fulfill a "wiretrap" request, whether from a warrant or FISA-court type thing, if the request is impossible due to lack of crypto keys. And at least at present completely legal unless the US passes laws outlawing crypto. TLS1.2 for SMTP end-to-end is obviously a good thing, but it has its own problems aside from all of the crap we've been piling on top of SMTP for 20+ years (SPF, DKIM, DMARC, TLS1.2, etc) for ISP mail server operational reasons. At some point that mail has to go into storage somewhere so it can be accessed by a user/client via IMAP, and that's where the subpoena/national security letter/warrant/FISA court request will go. To whatever location the disk storage resides at. It's worth nothing that very few people run HVM guests on xen if they can avoid it. The performance hit is considerable. Most xen setups I have seen are PV guests with pygrub bootloader. Host is debian amd64, guests are also debian amd64 or some variety of centos amd64. > feels that it is a dead end, and another that sees it as a practical way forward Until the Wh/kg ratio of batteries improves significantly, it will be a huge problem to have electric planes. Look at the energy contents of 1 litre of Jet-A or avgas compared to the same weight in batteries. Hydrogen + fuel cell systems to achieve the same energy density require very costly extremely high pressure tanks and fueling systems, and that is before you get into the argument of whether hydrogen is a terrible use of energy. If your hydrogen supply is coming from an electrolysis process an IMMENSE amount of kWh has been consumed to fill your hydrogen tank, which should be considered for the total environmental cost. So unless your electrolysis plant is hooked up to a massive PV array or a 4GW nuclear power plant, the economics are questionable. for comparison: lithium ion batteries 0.36–0.875 MJ/kg Jet-A: 42.80 MJ/kg no, because: lithium ion batteries 0.36–0.875 MJ/kg Jet-A: 42.80 MJ/kg quick googling says a 747-8 has a 239,000 liter fuel capacity, so the energy stored in full tanks is 10,229,200MJ I don't know of any battery or hydrogen fuel cell type technology that can approach anywhere NEAR ten million megajoules stored in the same weight. India's extremely complicated bureaucratic nightmare of inter-state borders and customs/tariffs is the fault of the British? http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/31/india-economic-... Imagine if you had cargo truck borders and customs paperwork between every one of the US 50 states and what a nightmare it would be for trucking/logistics/distribution/warehousing/cold chain/etc. Indian states have a significant degree of regulatory autonomy, far beyond what a US state or a Canadian province has, to the extend that some states are looking at banning alcohol entirely and others have unique tax code and criminal code laws not found in the rest of India. Out of curiosity are you ethnically from somewhere in India / South Asia, or a foreigner? so, you're screwed either way? or you should try to look middle class and neither rich nor poor? What is your level of proficiency with Apache/php/mysql? There are some good minimalist WordPress templates that do not look like a blog. The amps are not active electronic repeaters (retiming), they don't "speak" sonet/sdh or Ethernet, they simply amplify the optical signal. A sticker we put on the cabinet for our long haul DWDM system gear: "Do not look directly into fiber with remaining eyeball". http://cdn.instructables.com/FQT/MNV9/I2KBQQ2E/FQTMNV9I2KBQQ... This is a great feature also found in cyanogenmod. Very capable blacklist features. This doesn't help with spoofed VoIP caller ID though if the calls appear to come from a new number each time. You can't buy a modern Pipistrel for th price of a 1975 Cessna. A huge % of the light 2 and 4 seat aircraft out there in the c172 and smaller sizes are 25+ years old. What can we do? Get activist types to stop using Windows. That removes about 99% of the attack surface. I'd like to see the UAE successfully remote root a desktop running debian-testing amd64 and an xorg/xfce desktop. Yes, there's myriad security problems with Firefox and other things.... But every single state-paid RAT tool ivr seen is targeted at Windows. education is important too. If you can successfully trick people into running a binary you gave them with sudo (or the equivalent) all bets are off. They can try to force local computer retailers to install a root CA before systems are sold. The UAE is also a perfect example of why rubber hose cryptanalysis should be considered just as much as the "evil maid" or keyloggers attack vector. Don't want to give up the password to your dm-crypt volume? Okay enjoy your beatings. To quote the guy who goes turncloak in the first Matrix movie: "... And you know what I've realized? Ignorance is bliss." If you're a state level target, expect physical things like bugging, hardware keystroke loggers, RATs installed in windows bootloaders on your laptop, and other physically intrusive "sneak and peek" measures taken on any electronics when you're not present. Except that 1975 Cessna is much, much more likely to be what a small flight school/rental operator/FBO company can afford to buy. $35,000 and ongoing maintenance vs $175,000+. Kissinger. 19 out of 20 of them were probably KBR workers who served food in the DFAC at Bagram, not "pointy end of the spear" Blackwater/Triple Canopy PSD teams. For long term stays we'd need to dig underground dwellings on Mars anyways, though not nearly as deep, as the radiation that gets through its atmosphere will be very harmful to anyone living on the surface for multi year time spans. Facebook has become an indispensable app for the very low end $40-45 android smartphones. Such as the ones you can see for sale on AliExpress with 3.7" screens and Android 4.4 running on a very cheap MediaTek chipset. People who buy these in developing nations usually require that the handset retail vendor install the .APK for Facebook (though they don't know the process of HOW facebook gets installed without the Play store, they just know that "I want facebook on my phone), before buying the phone. http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2016/01/the-fa... "accidentally" - please... Most Canadians don't even know it exists or what it does, but the CSE is Canada's version of the NSA. It is the five eyes partner. The origin of the CSE and its SIGINT role in siphoning up everything it can is directly related to the post-WW2 creation of the five eyes agreement / UKUSA and collaboration between English language nations' SIGINT apparatus. http://hackertyper.com/ And all of the above while avoiding security cameras that will capture your license plate, and using a $200 thinkpad you bought for cash. Oh, and you drove to another state, you DID leave your tracking device (LTE smartphone) at home, right? Not dubious, tor is used by all sorts of abusive spam bots and people who just want to shitpost for the lulz. And you paid for gas and everything else in cash only, right? It's trivially easy to track a person's movements if they use credit/debit for most payments.