1) Productivity. I get a lot more done. 2) Great UNIX implementation. 3) Great file/user/permission organization. 4) Super-easy backups, with no command line switches to remember. 5) Since I have a Mac, my boss steers me toward fun projects like getting started with iPhone development. 6) Feeling of investing in myself, making a commitment to getting a lot done. Turns out the Mac helps a LOT with that. Can't see the flash preview thingy on the lower right. Can see the other ones. I've seen this before with flash in Firefox. Might be an interaction with the AdBlock extension, which can be uninstalled over my dead body. ;-) When this happens on other sites, I just scroll down until the top of the flash item reaches the top of the browser, and then it displays. Can't use this workaround on your site, because there isn't any more content to scroll down to after that. BTW I don't mean to complain! Nice looking site. I'm just assuming you were hoping for feedback, so there it is. For anyone wondering the other question, what about salaries for experienced developers, keep in mind the numbers others are sharing here are just what was asked for, -starting- salaries. After a few years, the salaries are much higher, but still under $150K. $130K plus options is pretty standard in the West Coast for an experienced developer with or without any degree. Seems to have jumped up some in the last couple years along with gas prices. Google, though, pays less. GroundWork ( http://www.groundworkopensource.com/ ). It uses Nagios under the hood, but I wouldn't want to set up Nagios by hand (without the GroundWork config tools) at a largish site like ours. Are you trying to goad the nyt by aping their design style? Well done, in any case. Love the credibility concept, but it will be challenging to pull off. For one thing, people will treat the 'credible' button as an upvote button, and use it for stories where they agree with the headline or think the headline should be seen by more people. Nothing wrong with that, except that the site isn't providing anything new. Also people can be misled about credibility because the content comes from a branded site they already agree is credible, but that could be wrong too -- see how the New York Times messed up the Wen Ho Lee story. Also the herd tends to miss a lot, so I'm not sure sorting which news I see and don't see based on the (distorted, see above) herd consensus is a good thing. We already have plenty of sites that do that, and they are riddled with rickrolls and two girls one cup. The best Unix machine you can get (things just work, no driver issues) is a MacBook Pro. It also allows you to develop for iPhone, and for Windows if you use Parallels or VMware. If cost (comparing with crappy Dells that come with Vista, egads) is an issue, I invite you to check your wallet for this amazing device called a credit card. It's worked wonders for me. Google Docs. All the little Microsoft-friendly touches and branding tie-ins of Zoho just rub the wrong way. If they are spending that much time making things work well with Outlook, Office, and, ugh, MS IE, that's that much less time they have to make things work well for better platforms, so I don't trust them to keep improving it at the same pace as GD can maintain. S3. I have a script that takes one argument, a directory name. It encrypts the directory name and adds a timestamp, to make a filename that reveals nothing about the contents of the file except for the time it was created. It stores the original directory name along with the encrypted directory name in a local log file, so I can tell what's what later. Then it zips the directory and its contents into a file, names it with the encrypted filename, and does a GPG encryption of the file. Then it uploads it to Amazon S3 and cleans up after itself. All of this is completely automated once I type in the command. I do it for my project directory, which contains all my projects for the calendar year, periodically. After the year closes out, I start a new year and the old files (from previous years) stay safe and unchanged on S3. Over the course of a year, if a few backups for the same year pile up, I usually delete the old ones. I haven't automated that part. This scheme is OK for backing up a few important directories, if they aren't large, like for source code, just what you asked about -- a few hundred megabytes will cost just pennies a month on Amazon. It's not a SVN or GIT solution, but it gives you total privacy, rather than relying on a third party to do the encryption for you. Each idea becomes a project, even if it is a potential project. Projects are under a year (2008) directory under a 'work' directory (where work refers to something I'm working on, as in in-progress, not work as in job). But job stuff can go under work/{year}/projname too. So then I have: ~/work/2006/proj1 ~/work/2006/proj2 ~/work/2006/projn ~/work/2007/proj1 ~/work/2007/projn ~/work/2008/proj1 ~/work/2008/projn etc. Then when something is really finished and polished, I move it to a ~/proj/projname directory. That happens only rarely. I've been reconsidering this and might start keeping everything in its original place under ~/work/{year}/projname The other systems I've tried suffer from not being scalable as the years go by. Periodically I back up each year (zipped and gpged) to Amazon S3 with a script. Sometimes a project will span years, of course. When that happens I decide on a case-by-case basis whether to do a symbolic link back to one original project directory, or whether to start fresh at some point with a clean set of files for that project, leaving the cruft behind but still intact in a previous year. Inside each project I can still use version control for the project. Some projects are just repositories for ideas. Projects can be my own, or they can be me playing with third party tools I've downloaded. Even just a new open source package I'm installing might get its own project, with all files, if it's tricky and I want to make my own installation notes for future reference. All project directories have a notes.txt file (or can have, at least). I have a 'tagthis' script that takes text tags as argument and adds the new tags to header lines in notes.txt in the current directory. Then later I can grep for these tags. Works pretty well so far. It gives me the freedom to call anything, even an idea I don't have time to work on right now, a project and make a starting place for it. So-called projects in this scheme are very, very informal, so it's a very light weight system that doesn't get in my way, yet it keeps everything organized forever. he.net is wonderful, and has very, very low latency connectivity. No fancy GUI control panel (at least not that I've noticed), just plain ssh access to a good shell and you're on your way. They answer the phone on the second or third ring, a real human, maybe because most of their users are good enough not to need any support. That being said, I'm now looking for a new provider too, because they host only one domain for the cheap accounts. My old boss used to have a long and very well-delivered spiel on the history of the wheel (literally) and its continual reinvention. One good way to make the point. Plus by reinventing, you get to own your work, you learn the problem space, you develop processes for execution, you train your team, you start collecting valuable usage data, you position yourself in the market... and all those reasons are on top of the fact that you can probably make some kick-ass improvements. Usually the success stories are products built on top of, or around, open source software. Suites that include support, integration services, and add-ons. Often these companies contribute back to the open source projects, while also keeping some of their own work proprietary. Then charge on a subscription model. Perl is more readable to someone who knows Perl, because it gives you indications what type each variable is: $ for scalars (single values without dimension) @ for arrays % for hashes (like python's dictionaries) With python, you have to guess. Of course, many people who are intimidated by Perl have made the same statement about readability, and it is often repeated unthinkingly. That doesn't mean it's true. On the other hand, Perl does make it easier to write unreadable code. Just like any powerful tool -- cars, telephones -- it can be abused. All that being said, I think Python is a great choice too; I just disagreed on the readability point. Yes, Perl encourages readability in the language by one of its language features, the helpful prefixes in front of variable names. Wow, that sure was content-free. I bet there's pretty close to an inverse relationship between the percentage spent for gas, and the percentage spent for housing, especially when you normalize for income. Would be interesting to see some mashups of this type of data. You've been extorted? Well, pass the extortion right on down. Or, do what I do, bribery. Earn a bankroll of neopoints at neopets.com, and give them out as payment for programming exercises completed. My daughter (nine) just earned 30,000 neopoints from me yesterday for doing three easy Python programming exercises (where easy, starting out, means something like "cut and paste this and get it to run, with help from Dad allowed" and then goes from there). How to earn lots of neopoints? Neopian stocks, mostly. Scratch is so good you can even use Scratch time as a reward, if you're mean enough to do that. For editing of Python, we're trying out Pico, which is like an Emacs lite, with the main useful commands clearly shown at the bottom of the screen. Who said evolution happens only here and not elsewhere? Life is tricky to define, but the most likely scenario is life does not develop first - it develops only after a process of evolution of replicating stuff that would not be considered alive by most definitions. Eventually, after billions of years with trillions of petri dishes worth of different little evolution experiments all happening in parallel on each of billions of planets, some of them gain replication mechanisms that are complex enough that they could be considered alive. Evolution leads up to this point, and continues after it. Don't forget getting a hosting provider with low latency. Actual hostnames have been changed to protect the guilty and to avoid spamming on behalf of the innocent. If you really want to know, the IP address is there. BAD: $ ping suckyhosting.com PING suckyhosting.com (66.39.3.7): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=0 ttl=56 time=85.547 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=1 ttl=56 time=85.164 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=2 ttl=56 time=84.244 ms 64 bytes from 66.39.3.7: icmp_seq=3 ttl=56 time=89.111 ms ^C --- suckyhosting.com ping statistics --- 4 packets transmitted, 4 packets received, 0% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 84.244/86.017/89.111/1.848 ms GOOD: $ ping myprovider.net PING myprovider.net (216.218.186.2): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=0 ttl=57 time=12.773 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=57 time=11.947 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=2 ttl=57 time=12.747 ms 64 bytes from 216.218.186.2: icmp_seq=3 ttl=57 time=15.037 ms Geography matters too, but even for locale-specific sites, it may be better to have a US-based provider with super-great network connections (with good access to a MAE, for example), hopefully also redundant connections, than to have a poorly-connected provider closer to the geographic region you are serving. If an order of magnitude speedup is "astonishing" then the field must have become overconfident and complacent. Great to see someone rocking the boat. But does anyone care to explain any more (in English, for us plebes) more about how this is astonishing? I'm not challenging the assessment; I'm just curious about what it means. And some interesting words from one of the other papers: what are "classifier regret" and "ranking regret"? Is that a metric of how often you go down the wrong path or something? hehe, yes, that was well done. Your examples lend themselves to confusing answers, so I am changing the examples to use my own examples, which are of course totally clear and correct. Here's how the record in your zone file should look: foo IN CNAME lalala.bigpipe.com. The above (from foo all the way to .com.) should all be on one line. Note the . at the end is required. Now let's say this is the zone file on your web site, googoogaga.com. Now after this record takes effect, people can point to: http://foo.googoogaga.com/ and they will get files from lalala.bigpipe.com, but their browser address bar will continue to show them foo.googoogaga.com. Nice, huh? You do not need to have access to the zone file on bigpipe.com; you only need to have access to put your content files you are serving onto lalala.bigpipe.com. Well, that is, unless you are using their content files. About your proposed solution of "clusters": Getting people to explore outside of their comfort zone, and letting them encounter ideas that challenge their faith-based views, is actually a good thing. Insular clusters do sound "safe" but I would not assume that is a net positive. Male bonding activities are never wasted time. Seriously. Even something as small as going along on a beer run, might get you a position on a board twenty years from now, or a great job in an amazing place, or, by far the most valuable of all possibilities, crash space on a sofa in San Francisco. There may be some truth to that. Don't lose your one opportunity to do it right. Forget about wild terrorist threats. The important thing is that self updating features are a bad idea for any product, hardware or software, that might someday be the target of litigation. I met the Slingbox founders at an EFF event once, and one of them told me that they deliberately left a self-updating capability out of the Slingbox, on the advice of an EFF lawyer. Hurricane Electric shared hosting. Pros: super low latency connections, ssh access, decent setup, no frills, $10/month. Cons: they don't keep their installations in the bleeding edge version-wise. I use Perl a lot. They are at 5.8.0, which is not bad, but not the very latest. Of course you can install your own anything (perl, python, ruby, etc.) in user space, which makes library management more simple too. Unknowns: I've never had it tested under a serious load. Just playing around. I WISH there was a host that gave me the speed, simplicity and low price of HE but also supported more than one domain name on the same account (for the same price). There are sites that do that, but typically they have something else wrong with them, such as having the "feature" of being control-panel based. Tried to click on the 'register now' link, and waited about two minutes for something from 'engine27.woopra.com' to load, and got impatient. The page never loaded. I don't want my potential users to have this kind of experience. I would have been a potential customer, but no thanks. For me it's because I understand the argument against the existence of God. Specifically, a God, meaning some kind of conscious all-knowing, all-powerful entity that exists somehow "beyond" time, would have to be a thing of organized complexity. And organized complexity does not just "exist beyond time." Somehow, this kind of organized complexity has to come in to being. No, it does not "just exist." We do know one process for bringing organized complexity into being, and that is evolution. So far, it's the only process we know about for creating organized complexity on the scale required for consciousness and intelligence. We don't know of any other processes that can do this. That doesn't prove that there aren't other ways. But. You tell me. If God knows everything, where did he/it get that knowledge? If God "just exists", explain: how is that possible? Your non-explanation, to me, proves nothing. Rather than saying "I can't prove leprechauns exist, so therefore you must accept that they might exist" I am very content to say "I do not believe that leprechauns exist." Period. End of story. Same with God. No reason to believe. Even Pascal's wager is flawed, because you lose so much by living your life according to faith, that it is not worth it, especially considering how unlikely it is that a complete perfect all-knowing all-powerful intelligence would just spring into being beyond time. "and I totes love it." Huh? Totes? What? I guess I'm just not cool enough for this site. So, if I understand this correctly, I could start uploading a 2GB file, and, while it is still uploading, my recipient could start downloading it, even before the upload has finished? Did I get that right? I do not believe in leprechauns. In fact, I actually do believe that there is NOT a leprechaun dancing around my feet at this very moment. Note this is different from having "no belief." I also feel this way about God, because intelligence, which is a kind of organized complexity, does not just spring into existence without some stage of organization such as evolution, at least as far as we know. I'm willing to be convinced otherwise, but it would take more than empty assertions to do so. So that makes me an atheist. Of course, someone claiming "no belief in God" is also an atheist, but one of a different flavor. (You know, strong versus weak atheism). To agnostics, I have only one question: If you are agnostic about God, are you also agnostic about the invisible leprechauns dancing around your feet? I steer clear of rock star job listings too. I suspect it means they have a weak team, weak technology, or both, or some kind of tangled mess, and they hope someone can come and fix it all for them while the other team members hold their responsibility at arm's length. No mention of the pervasive nepotism at work in knol authorship. It looks like Google employees and family members have been given the first mover advantage for owning many of the lucrative knol topics. Nice and clean, but the omnipresent dollar signs might put off a lot of people. I'd suggest deemphasizing those a bit and adding some content to interest people who are still thinking about what to spend their money on. Tease them in the door, and don't greet them with a cash register as soon as they come in. Most attack sites do. Appear to be perfectly safe, that is. For anyone who wants to read the article, this works. (I put in URL_HERE as a placeholder because HN truncates the URL): lynx --dump URL_HERE > output.txt Ironic that to read the article, I used a technique that solves the problem the article is talking about solving. In a much easier way, I might add! The OC? What is that? I had to Google it and I still am not sure what you mean. Yeah, I don't get out much. VMware snapshots. Before multiple snapshots, I didn't get the value of VMware. AWS S3 AWS EC2 Yahoo Music subscription service, back when it 1) existed and 2) ran on an OS I had (W2k). Moose xmavisx on wretch.cc Of the churches you've heard of doing that, which denominations were they, may I ask? I wonder if any churches would go so far as to post this on the web. >GINA prohibits employers/insurers from discriminating against you based on your genetic info Laws change. And the value of words like "discriminating" also changes with various interpretations. There are right and wrong ways to protect the privacy of customers. Relying on laws is one of the wrong ways. What's your average page size? Does your crawler support gzip compressed transfers? What speed is your Comcast link? No, I was serious. When I look at a variable in Python, say, p, to take an example from the code shown in the Python documentation, there is no way to tell what p is. Is it an array? A dictionary? A tuple? Something else? With Perl I get more information just by looking at the variable. That makes it more readable. Python, on the other hand, is still very nice. Maybe one of these days it will get me, especially if the libraries grow to match the breadth of CPAN. I love these kinds of retorts-to-the retorts. Let's start. 1. Yeah, he didn't miss the point though. Better weather means people take good weather for granted, and don't get all gah-gah about it. The keep working, even on sunny days. Californians on the beach? Sure, there are a few, but mostly in the dreams of people who don't live here. 2. The claim was that there are lots of better people. You're right, they aren't automatically better (did he say that?). But there certainly are a lot of great ones, who didn't get that way automatically, but did so with training and experience and exposure. 3. More options is generally not a bad thing. Someone even won a Nobel prize for showing that to be true. Who are we to argue with a Nobel prize winner? 4. Exit is an option. Again, options are good. Where did the guy say you "need" an exit to be successful? I missed that part. Oh, and speaking of prettiest girls at the dance, in Silicon Valley, well, actually, never mind, but trust me, it is just a nice part of the country. 5. Again, I missed the part where she/he said it is the "only" place where a startup can be successful. Good board members can be found anywhere, but they can be found here more often, in greater numbers, through more contacts, with a greater diversity of interests. And teleconferencing works here, too! 6. It's in the Bay Area, which is actually kind of OK in terms of attracting people. Hope the link works. To be fair, it's not a picture of Silicon Valley proper, but of the Bay Area, of which Silicon Valley is a part: http://flickr.com/photos/22779657@N00/1697466173/sizes/l/in/... Assuming that people purchase Macs just as a kind of sexual signal is infantile thinking that projects your own motivations onto others. What you think people think is not the same as what they think. I buy Macs because they help me get more shit done. End of story. He suggests steep fines. Those funds better be escrowed before the ad is placed, or it won't work. A much better stick would be a throttling of access to that medium for the perpetrator. The problem is hit-and-run attacks from allied but autonomous entities that melt into thin air (as with Swift Boat and Al Queda), leaving no assets and nothing to lose. How about punishing not just the people who placed the ad, but the side which benefited from their unfair use of the media? The best solution would be an informed electorate that pays attention to reality, but that's just a nice dream in a country where 70% or more believe in a fairy-God. And this factoid is on the front page of HN why, exactly? They could all learn programming and then they would earn closer to $130K/year, I suppose, but does that make it relevant to HN? I've got the opposite kind of thing going on here in my life, with a super-warm, and that's putting it politely, laptop. Can these guys do anything for me, I wonder? Just one word about Knol: nepotism. Solar electric for, back of the envelope, maybe 1/3rd of the US total electricity supply. I'm not an electric power expert - maybe someone with actual expertise will correct me. A non-failing bank, I hope. Not bad at all. I guess you're scraping Wikipedia for a lot of the disambiguation descriptions. The hits in a disambiguated topic after the first page need some work. Many in the wrong topics. But still, not bad for a beginning. I suggest duckduck.com instead of duckduckgo.com. The flashy logo page might be the only reason some people use it. They'll like the fact that they can show off that they have found a different tool. But that's just a small set of certain types of people. Me, I'd prefer a simple tool that takes up less space and is less flashy. I was surprised RMS wasn't on their list. Anyone able to access the link? Seems to have been down for the last couple of hours, even though the main site norvig.com comes up just fine. Heckofa job, Republicans. If it's a mass-market kind of thing, maybe. If it's a niche application, then not so much. You do know that it's OK to have more than one email address, I suppose. But then, remaining unemployable probably has its upside too ;-). Test::More for Perl. Watir (ruby-scriptable driving of a browser) for web UI testing. No source... lame. Host offshore, but put heavy assets on AWS S3? I don't have an answer on the host, but thought this idea might help, since offshore hosts can be slower for US access. Amazon might be pussies too, I don't know; but this might buy you time. I would think it would have a bearing. Wimps are wimps. I retract my AWS S3 suggestion. This is just sad. Go back to reddit, please. Just because interracial couples can't produce pure-bred babies in the same way as same-race couples, and just as same-sex, infertile, and "mature" (beyond the healthy child bearing years) couples cannot conceive children together in the same way as some people... doesn't mean a tyranny of the majority should have the ability to take away their civil rights. >Conservatives do not shy away from the reality... Um, Jesus walking on water? Talking snakes? Worshiping a book that condones slavery? Believing that there is a "God" that just popped into being out of nowhere existing beyond time, and that this idea is more likely than the universe just always existing beyond time? The Branch Davidians called. They want their delusion back. BTW your comments about liberals don't apply to all of us. I'd be very happy to offend you, and I'm sure it wouldn't be hard, since you seem to be a conservative. Interracial couples can never have pure-race children naturally. So would you say that makes them different enough that they should not be eligible for marriage? Defined how? * A nun is married to God (in some religions) * A priest is married to God (in some religions) * A man can be married to more than one woman (in some religions) * A woman can be married to more than one man (maybe in darkest Africa, who's to say?) * A man can be married to a woman * A man can be married to a tree (in India, true) * A man can be married to a man * A woman can be married to a woman Why are you so sensitive about words, anyway? Gay was defined for a long time to mean happy. Conservative used to mean saving and preserving and conserving, instead of spending, destroying, and squandering. Faithful used to mean good, just, and moral, instead of vituperative, devious, dim-witted, and delusional. Words get redefined all the time. Get over it. You distort things enough yourself. So would you also deny that other words have meanings that have evolved and or changed over the years? You keep using the word "gay" -- are you not aware that that word has changed its meaning? Crickets... Why 2pm? TMI? I'd agree this is TMI. But... "honey"? Careful, I hear there are people who get really anal about words having more than one meaning. Login-free link: http://www.mercurynews.com/ci_10993931?source=most_viewed Speed is great, but the sad thing is that Microsoft now gets to pull out what I suspect is their old hardware-versus-OS-upgrade-lockstep cash cow playbook: Step 1: Push new industry standard hardware device protocol. Step 2: Offer free help to hardware manufacturers (both for PCs and peripherals) to encourage them to add the new connector. Step 3: Strong-arm PC manufacturers to remove old hardware connectors, using carrot-and-stick approach with the terms of their OEM Windows license deals. Step 4: Sweet talk peripherals manufacturers, bribing them with offers of co-advertising, cross promotion, acceleration of driver development, delaying of driver development for intransigent competitors, and possibly wads of cash, to convince them to drop old hardware connector from their products, so anyone buying a mouse, keyboard, digital camera, scanner, printer, joystick, or anything else, will need an operating system that supports the new hardware. Step 5: Roll out new operating system (Windows Menudo, or whatever crap name they give it) that supports both new and old connectors Step 6: Deliberately refrain from publishing simple patch for old operating system that would provide compatibility with new hardware. Step 7: If possible, put in place technical and legal mechanisms to prevent or impede third parties from adding compatibility with new hardware to old operating system. Step 8: Sit back and watch the dollars come in, as everyone is forced to upgrade to Windows Menudo. So instead of a model built on trust, this is a model based on distrust. It doesn't feel right to me, for various reasons, starting with the above. Also it vaguely says that code must be "open source" but this is not a well-defined term. The GPL (just one example of many possible licenses for open source software) requires that GPL-licensed projects have the source code available in the preferred format, an important distinction that is not necessarily present in all open source licenses. A developer could provide an assembler dump of their code, and claim that was open source, and walk away with the payment. Worse, of course, they could just do a slideware demo, or they could do a demo using Microsoft Word, but claiming that it was software they had written. Also you claim to be more centered on normal users, but normal users don't know or care about open source. To them, they just want the program. Yes, open source gives them benefits too, but they don't know that, nor do they really want to know. As a developer, I would feel hesitant about committing much time to a project - it would be huge gamble. On a normal open source project, I could get things started, get the code base maybe 80% done, and then when that last 20% needs to be done (which in reality is actually 80% of the work ;-)) others typically would be pitching in, to the point where I could even walk away and development would continue without me, ensuring my initial work was not wasted, and ensuring the project got done. But with your site, the developer risks that the "normal users" will see any rough edges and deliver a total rejection - binary thumbs down - and I won't get paid. So it forces me to do way more work, and even then, the users can still say no based on some arbitrary whim - "I like the OK button on the left, not the right, this sucks!" - that's just an example; please don't bother trying to debunk it unless you can address the more general point. All that being said, I could be wrong! It's happened before! I'll be curious to see how it turns out. 1. Have you (the founders) ever contributed to open source projects? It seems to me you are taking the time resources of open source developers for granted. 2. Is your project (bitloot) open source? 3. Repository URL? Does your mom know how to write a software specification document? Just pay craigslist their fee, and put up an ad. Problem solved. I'm disappointed that your spam made it through to HN, but am glad to see the very on-target comments it has generated. Also making a snap judgment that someone under the pressure of an interview situation is "boring" is probably a mistake. Sounds like there is something else going on. The fact that you call developers "coders" is pretty damning of your attitude, imho. It would be a genuine step toward Openness if they would put download links on those pages. If bandwidth is the problem, they could be torrents. Maybe I'm crazy, but it seemed like the writer of that letter was a bit too obsessively fixated with "battling" Google. I mean, I can understand doing it once you work for Yahoo!, but he said his reason for joining Yahoo! was to battle Google -- that is, he apparently had this goal even before he was hired by Yahoo!. Kooky. USB is a good example. They added support for it to Windows 2000, and refrained from updating Windows NT to support it. By some odd coincidence (NOT), all the new retail non-USB products (including ones that worked perfectly fine with the old connections -- mice, keyboards, webcams, printers, etc.) disappeared from the market overnight, leaving consumers unable to buy anything but USB, even if they wanted to pay good money. This was a major pain point for me for a long time, and is thus seared into my memory, because NT was working great and I did not need Windows 2000, except for USB support. In two years of owning a Mac, I have made more progress in improving my personal productivity than I made in the ten years prior to owning a Mac. If that sounds worth it to you, then yes, it's worth it. But then, I got my Mac for the solid "just works" UNIX implementation, not for the nice UI. From that standpoint, Windows pushed me onto the Mac platform, and Mac OS X pulled me. Carrot (Mac UNIX) and stick (Windows, um, Cygwin? Cough). You didn't mention what your impetus for switching would be, so YMMV. They are passing some of their earnings on to Google in the form of advertising buys. I just saw an ad for them in my Gmail account. So one step that could be taken would be for Google to ban them from their advertising network. Would Google do this? I don't know, but the answer would be revealing. I'm just curious, do all the people using these kinds of paid services just have really tiny hard drives? To back up 1TB of data via this system would cost around $250 a month in storage and transfer charges, and that's assuming very good compression is happening. What am I missing? Or maybe I'm just not rich enough for $3,000 / year? Or maybe you're just doing a subset of your data, in which case I don't see how snapshotting is such a big win. Nice to have, but not important in the least if you are just doing a small subset of your data. True, it saves a few pennies on transfer charges, but you could save that much by doing the upload to S3 yourself. My other concern with this is that if the tarsnap server ever goes away, customers risk losing their data, since the server maintains the mapping of S3 objects to blobs. That's worrying. Assurances are not mechanisms. So we give you our brilliant ideas, you cherry pick them and go execute them and reap the profits, then pay one person $2,500 for what you get, while everyone else watches you laugh all the way to the bank? "Too clever by half" is a phrase that was invented for situations like this. Just noticed your reply. I have personal experience with this actually. I had a niche market shareware product, and it got rave reviews. It was awesome, dominated its niche, and users loved it. All seven of them. In the meantime, my friend had made a mass market shareware program. He got thousands of registrations, and made a lot of money. But your experience may be different. I'd love to read more if you have any good links or even some google terms (names, companies, products) to suggest I look at. Thanks. Am I the only one thinking those salary figures are around 30-40K too low? Scarred for life. Someone should call child protective services. Yep, you read that correctly. Oh, right, because HN is local to Sydney. How ignorant of me to not know that. I can't believe this is on HN. He writes as though he didn't get the memo on the fact that the McCain plan was much worse than the Obama plan. Why are we discussing this? Yes, because your severance pay might be worth waiting for. Find out what they've given others. Two weeks? Not worth it. Two months? Maybe. Ewwwww. Remember Jobs' comment about Microsoft having no taste? Yahoo! has two faces: the open source advocating, hacking, library publishing, data sharing side we love, and the marketing side, which has a lot of engineering behind it, and gives us the Yahoo! look and feel complete with degree programs, male enhancement, and refinancing offers. Talk about a lack of taste. Cleaning up Yahoo! to Apple's standards would not be easy. It would be like trying to cut down a Winnebago to make a BMW. Possible maybe, but probably not worth the trouble. Well his question was "is it crazy to quit" and my answer was (conditionally) "yes" so I think you missed something. Noted. I do try to hold back my silly humor somewhat on HN. Thanks for the nudge back on course. OK, here's a solution I would love to see: only after so many upvotes, and only for the mobile Safari browser. On top of this it would be nice if there were smarts that detected abuse and withheld the behavior for posts that were being upvoted mostly by a cluster of related users. One patent is not likely to be worth much. If you can put together a small cluster of them, it's much more compelling for an investor/buyer. Depends on what kind of patent, though. 'course, this isn't the best time to bet on getting funding, patents or not. Probably better to focus on finding an actual revenue stream. And have you really done a diligent search for both existing patents, and prior art? Don't rely on your lawyer to do this; he/she has a financial disincentive to do anything that would discourage you from attempting to file a patent (I used the word "attempting" for a reason: your lawyer probably has things set up so that even a mere attempt will result in fees, whether that attempt is successful or not). Also know that some patent lawyers file patents just to get the money for filing them. Read carefully, this point is distinct from the one in the previous paragraph. The fact that a patent is filed and eventually granted, does not mean it is a valuable patent. Your lawyer's job is generally not to judge the technical or business merit of the patent, unless you have specifically set up your relationship with him/her to provide an incentive for that. So be aware that your patent might prove to be worthless. While even a worthless patent will grease the skids with some investors, at least go into this with your eyes wide open. Meh. The amazing thing is that Fry's with a kickback scheme running is cheaper than Circuit City with a sale running. #4 keep thinking of ideas I'd love to see #2 as a way to open up more choices, but I can't imagine ever using it. Just the shipping charges alone would keep me away. #1, aren't there plenty of tools that do this already? Or at least they have been built already using Cacti and Ganglia in concert with other tools (Nagios comes to mind). #3 Maybe. You can compete with very large companies if you find the right viable niche that they aren't interested in. Too short! Give us more, please! [Edit: OK, it's short, but it's enough to get the ball rolling, and I guess the rest of it would be up to us.] My long-held theory is it failed for lack of a blurb. When you visited the site, it was hard to figure out what Plan 9 was exactly. Digging into the documentation produced a link to a gzipped .ps file, and after installing Ghostscript, then Ghostview, then some fonts, then uncompressing the file and viewing it, one could read an academic paper describing in arcane language some problems of interest to file systems theoreticians. This state of affairs continued for years. Not surprising at all that it failed to get much traction. No. Building a critical mass of good users is hard enough without adding false friction. If you're looking for a place to improve, I'd look at the way karma is used. IMHO sites like HN should continue innovating with ways to better calculate and utilize karma. In most cases, it's done very badly, rewarding early commenters disproportionately, so that people with a lot of time on their hands get a bigger voice. You're probably an atheist without realizing it. I've met many agnostics who weren't aware that there are different types of atheists, including many who don't know one way or another but lean toward disbelief, which is very close to agnosticism. The typical misunderstanding of atheism from self-described agnostics is that atheists claim to be certain that there is no God. Some atheists do that, but that's not the only kind of atheism. Another problem with agnosticism is agnostics seem to believe that one cannot assign any probability without perfect knowledge. Yet you do it every minute of every day, in ever decision you make. We live by probabilities and beliefs (and disbeliefs). I don't see why certain concepts in life should be off limits for assignment of probabilities. Not to nitpick, but for the record, Nokia is a Finnish company, not Asian. Great post. It strikes me that even when we try to avoid labels for ourselves, sometimes they are imposed by others. And sometimes a further step happens beyond the labels: consequences are imposed, depending on the labels. This kind of imposition from the outside can sometimes leak into ones self-identity. Hyphenated Americans, for example, often start out as thinking of themselves as just Americans, but then discover that their experience is different, and they have a shared peer group of other people who have had the same experiences, because of what is imposed on them by others. And then, we blame them for calling themselves -American, when actually it was not necessarily their own doing. Given such, it's also not hard to see why some people will decide that they would prefer to wear a label (atheist/theist/gay/Asian/Bush Supporter/whatever) as a badge of pride. Not saying this is or is not an ideal state of affairs, just that it's understandable. This is cool. Sorry don't have time to do a detailed test drive now, but I see others have done that, and I just wanted to add that YES this is a great concept and something I have been wishing for. Dodgeball was close, Twitter is OK for this but too noisy and not always followed closely enough, but this gets right down to a core use case that is near and dear. One nice thing is that since the use case is narrow, getting updated via SMS would work, at least for people with good SMS quota plans. Also both the name and the subtitle are great, and I won't be surprised to see them inspire other -able and -onty names shortly. A money maker? I don't understand how, but you have thought about it way more than me, so maybe you have a way. It is true that you don't need it (and the poster never said you need it, btw), but the sign does help add additional evidence in the event you need to show a court that you were taking steps to protect your mark. His startup may be great, but unfortunately, to me, he tainted himself as a credible well-meaning business person when in my opinion he used YC as a platform to promote his bigoted anti-Gay views on California's Proposition 8. I'm guilty too of talking about non-tech stuff on YC, but that's only part of the issue; the disturbing thing is to see someone using their position in this community in a way that promotes denying certain people their rights. I'll be downmodded for being off topic, no doubt, but somebody has to speak up about this. Cool! However, I would be concerned about the other links that might appear in the email. For instance, click here to link your site cookies with the MSN ad network, or click here to agree that everything you submit will belong to Bigcorp. Some (admittedly poorly designed) sites might even have "click here to cancel your registration" links. Can your link follower tell what each link means? I don't think so. But yeah, for most cases, it will work beautifully. Which services have the fastest domain name registration, in terms of the user experience? I'm NOT asking about how long the record takes to become active and propagate. Just the UI. There is a lot to say on this, but much of it has already been said. I'll add just one thing: An important red flag (among all the others in your post) is the statement that he is "almost" done. When any programmer thinks about that statement, it's almost certain to elicit a belly laugh. If he appears to be "almost" done, it is highly likely that he is really around 50% done. Keeping that in mind should help you make your decision to walk away. He seems to think that making obscene profits == doing nothing wrong. Not always true. The loopholes found and exploited by these guys, for the institutionalized purpose of making a killing, sometimes have nasty side effects like destroying good companies and draining the pension funds of average workers. All in the name of profit, which is great by the AIG yardstick, but not so great for the rest of us. A tweak on the "let the students run it" idea would be, for undergraduates at least: Let each year's class run their own systems. I could list a bunch of benefits (and a few drawbacks) that would fall out from this, but they seem pretty clear, probably no need to list them - they range from the social to the technical to the logistical. Holy crap, that is an excellent idea. Poking around a bit, my only suggestion so far is to make the text font size bigger on some of the text-heavy pages (FAQ) and make the line lengths shorter. Lines of text should be around 65 characters long. Your solicitation for feedback says: "Most customer support communities on Get Satisfaction have some level of employee involvement (about three-quarters), but the rest are added and cultivated by customers." OK. Just one point. This is kind of a meta-comment about how you are doing this. The above, quoted from your solicitation for feedback, ambiguously mentions "employees" without clarifying whose employees they are. Employees of Get Satisfaction? Or employees of the company in question? I think I know the answer, but really it is ambiguous. To someone who hasn't read more about the back story, it is VERY ambiguous. Ambiguity in the writing on your site seems to be a recurring theme. In fact, if I understand the back story correctly, a problem with ambiguity is one of the main reasons you did this new page design. Maybe you should try shuffling the writing team around a bit; they seem to be having trouble stepping outside of themselves to see the prose as others would see it. Cool! How can I add more than 1 character at a time? For example say I want to add all the HSK1 characters with one click, is there a way to do that? [update: I figured out how to use Select: List. Strangely it's taking a long time to add the list. The HSK1 list should already exist on your server somewhere, no? Maybe it's doing it character by character? Is this an App Engine-ism? I would think a simple UPDATE student_character_list INSERT '?' WHERE source_list='HSK1'; would be pretty fast (if I even got that SQL right) but then maybe App Engine doesn't support SQL?] I just created an account. Is there a difference between the functionality for my fresh account versus the hackernews account, other than different usage data? I went to a talk once where the presenter made the case (very well) that there was just one single patent that enabled Singer to sew up, so to speak, the market. Even more elegant, it came down to just one claim. The claim was for a sewing device in which the thread went through a hole that was positioned near the sharp tip of the needle (unlike on a hand sewing needle, where the hole is on the other end). Simple, and very hard to get around. Move the domain, and diversify to other data sources, but in doing so try to keep your user base. And, if you're really good, try to do it in such a way as to maintain friendly relations with zillow. If that's possible. It would be tricky. Stalling tactics are your friend, I would guess. My gut feel would be, do not try to make money from a sale to them, if their (TM) name is on your domain. Give them the domain free, AFTER you get your users moved away. Take it down now and start redirecting people asap, because they sure aren't going to do you the courtesy of doing that, even if you're on good terms. But... I'm just some random guy on HN. My advice is worth every penny you paid for it. One more thought: it's a trap. Do not take money from them. They can then prove that you are making money from their (TM) name. $250 is absolutely a game changer in another sense, though. They can use his acceptance of payment to show that he is (arguably) making money off of their trademark. e) Am I fucking crazy? Maybe yes, but taking a leap into the unknown is the kind of crazy thing that more people should do. Progress, unreasonable man, and all that. Go for it! I think this would be useful but I can count on one hand I've had to do something remotely approaching this. You might say: well, now that it's easier with this tool, maybe you'll do it more often. Well, maybe. It's true that there is a lot of pain associated with emailing documents and search results around. But how often will this be useful? I'm betting we'll see big-time video streaming fail when this happens. The people planning these events seem always to underestimate the bandwidth that is needed. It's not always easy to get in, which means the US tends to get immigrants who have a lot of initiative. This works out great for us. For you, keep trying. And as others have suggested, work wherever you are to continue developing your business in the meantime. As an aside, have you considered having a usability professional do an evaluation of your web site and business idea? This kind of third-party opinion might be very valuable. It could even be a student in a usability program at a decent university, to save money. Which leads to this thought: Now that you've announced to the world that you have a (very small) pile of money, I'm sure many people will be glad to help you spend it. You should be a little more careful and discrete imho. Curious: Why would people use this instead of the W3 validator? And for your fix list: it's entirety -> its entirety. I disagree with his position, but think I was getting this discussion too far away from technology. So yeah, trolling - not intentionally, but in effect yes. So I deleted my earlier comments. I wonder if anyone is pointing out to them that the privacy violation goes beyond the privacy of just the job applicant. Friends and business associates of the job applicant also have privacy expectations around content they intend to be viewable only by trusted individuals. That's what I mean - by that quote you can see they still don't get it. He's talking about "the person" (his words). There is more than one person getting their private information reviewed. And the article says "The requirement raises questions concerning applicants' privacy rights." So the reporter doesn't get it either. It's not just affecting the applicant. Interesting. On the 2x2 table idea, I wonder if there are any other two decisions in the conversion funnel context that could work in such a table and not be as confusing. This is a very old idea. It's been given various names: FriendRank, PeopleRank, PersonRank -- many, many hits on Google. If you live in China, maybe they'll give it to everybody for half price during the week of National Day (Oct. 1st) as they did with Office last year to celebrate the "liberation" of the country by communism. Why don't they offer the same deal for July 4th in the US? Is there any information anywhere on the "survey" methodology? I can't tell whether they just asked store clerks for their opinions, or were actually getting hard data somehow. Reading between the lines on this one doesn't cut it. From the very beginning of GUIs, all the way up to now, Microsoft's attempts at copying Apple's lead have just ended up creating cargo-cult operating systems. Yes, $450 sounds like a better price than $1200, and yes, they both look pretty with their eye candy. But what you are getting is fundamentally different; it is cargo-cult design. With a Mac, you get stuff done. With a PC, you get less stuff done, as you run into all the issues that come up with cargo-cult technology. So... back to the ad. I read the yanking request was over claims about pricing, which were incorrect claims since Apple's pricing had changed. It wasn't about anything like Apple trying to censor Microsoft, as some hyperventillating commenters on the net have said. First, this is from another of your startups, but it bothers me: "Measuring Process Quality By Means Of A Technical Opinion Survey" is patent pending at the United States patent office." Second (and hopefully more constructively) there have been many web page annotation startups, which is not to say your idea is the same (it's not, as far as I can tell). But it might be useful to think about your idea in terms of features and versions, and ask yourself: if my version 1.0 release looks like what some other startup has had at some point, then why did that other startup not ultimately evolve to my final idea? Is it just that they were not smart, or were there good reasons the idea wouldn't fly? Or maybe your thinking is you would just jump to full features on version 1.0... however, in that case, thinking about the above question might still reveal some insights. There's that old joke that God tipped America on its side and all the loose screws slid to California. And then God tipped California on its side and all the loose screws slid to Marin County. And then God tipped Marin County on its side and all the loose screws slid to Bolinas. My kind of town. Anyway, I wonder if there is a similar thing going on here with Cuil attracting clueless executives. Not to be mean piling on criticism after criticism on Cuil, but really, asking people to do anything that touches their social network is something you have to slowly work up to, with a process of building trust. It's not a switch you can just turn on overnight. Or maybe they don't care about users. Maybe they just think the social buzzword will attract some needed investors. No, I'm sticking with it. But I would avoid doing apps that threaten AT&T by creating an opening for end-runs around AT&T services. However, if I was Google or a third party, say, GV developer with enough funding, I would redouble my efforts on those kinds of apps, to build consumer demand for them as they rolled out on all other platforms. It's odd that some people seem to be assuming everyone is either surfing or job hunting. From having talked to people, I think more often it's people making stuff, being creative, getting stuff done - some amazing projects and products get created in cafes. I love seeing laptops out in coffee shops. When a cafe is welcoming of laptops, I always tip better: paper only. This article was very disappointing - thin, old news, and generalizes to all developers from two very specific and unique examples. Not to mention the jarring its/it's usage. I do not come to HN to get this kind of blogspam. Sorry to be so negative, but something is broken here. I suspect people are upvoting simply for the easy-to-agree-with headline. Please don't do that, without actually looking at the article first. I want those two minutes back, and I wish HN had a way to prevent this kind of thing in the future. ObTopic: It still comes down to writing a good app, and not tempting fate by straying close to Apple's sensitive spots. No. Anyone who uses the 'R' word in a job ad can fuck off. I do get shit done, and make tons of money for companies I work for. And play well with others. That should be more than enough. The article, with stunning lack of insight, fails to mention the possibility that a published prediction could be self-fulfilling. It's possible that when the date passed, whispers on the Internet about the prediction failing drew the attention of the rumor mill in Shanghai, leading to paranoia and a belated crash. Asian markets are pretty twitchy, after all. It isn't VoIP but it's setting up a great potential end-run around the cell monopolies, since it lets you route calls to any number, including VoIP numbers such as SkypeIn numbers. "beaming the electricity from space through the ionosphere" What could possibly go wrong? Damn, I wish I was in the position to think that $1500 was a good chunk of money. Yes, you're crazy, which is a good thing. Embrace it. Do it while you can. Is this a new trend in NYT writing? This is the second article I have seen that ended abruptly after a few paragraphs without ever delivering what the headline appeared to promise. We're in a downturn, so one expects the article to talk about it -- and yet, it only talks about the results of the 2001 downturn, and in vague terms. This is why there is potential for good new players to supplant the MSM. GREAT followup link, thanks! IMHO your execution stinks way more, and is itself sloppy to boot. I found your design neither visually appealing, nor usable. And the drama-queen wording of your title was uncalled for. Your credibility has been diminished. I dumped Linux, although I still use it in the cloud. And rather than saying "dumped" it would be more accurate to say I decided to NOT use a PC laptop with Linux, instead getting a Mac. Why? Not for any of the reasons mentioned. One of the big things that convinced me was a little thing, the magsafe connector. I've seen laptops slammed down on the floor, and it's not pretty. Endless driver issues were another reason, but the magsafe was the clincher. That alone is worth the price difference. So sometimes the reasons are not related to software. The larger context matters, including little things in that larger context. Assigning blame (to NVIDIA, or anyone else) doesn't interest me, if it doesn't help me solve my immediate need: get shit done. Why do I not run Linux on Apple hardware, you ask? Actually I do run it on Apple hardware. I dumped it as my main OS, but I run it under VMware. As to why not wipe OS X and use only Linux, well, OS X gives me a lot of stuff I like, so I'm not about to wipe it. OS X is like a superset of Linux, in effect, at least according to my most important metric which as you may recall is getting shit done. It's like a new Swiss Army knife that has more blades, if you like analogies. Maybe someone who knows more than me about this can tell me: why, on panels of industry experts deconstructing the crisis, do we constantly hear the assertion that nobody saw this coming? And what really confuses me, is why do the experts participating in such panels/media interviews/round tables not challenge that assertion? Don't those word at cross purposes? Perhaps with great skill a VC could manage to do both well, but this must be very easy to get wrong, especially because both personalities and technologies are involved, making it hard to just follow some formula. Is there a good anti-iPhone rant somewhere that avoids logical fallacies and would help me understand why some people are averse to iPhone development? I don't get it. Central point of control == bad? I don't buy it. JWZ is a central point of control for DNA Lounge, I assume; PG is a close to a central point of control for YC news; Linus is a central point of control for Linux kernel enhancements -- or was, for a while; I haven't been keeping up so if I'm wrong, please understand the general point, which is: we happily accept central control as long as there is good will. DRM == bad? Again, though I agree, Apple's implementation of DRM for Apps has gotten it far closer to right than any other, with family sharing of one purchase on multiple devices, refunds, DRM-free music, free updates, remembering your purchase so you can re-download purchased items for free (remember the phone companies' model, buy a game, run out of memory, delete it, then if you want it later you have to buy it again?). Definitely iPhone is not free, in the freedom sense, and downright scary, in the your-app-can-be-yanked-at-any-time sense, but I believe the same is true on Android; we just haven't seen the test case yet. iPhone is not open == bad OK... but it's a platform. Lots of platforms are open only down to certain layers. Google is a platform. But it only exposes certain parts of itself for developers to use. And we understand that. So why do we not understand it when it comes to a phone? Maybe because it's such a personal device? It doesn't let us do everything == bad I think this comes closest to being an answer. This would be the answer for me. But, neither does any other device. I continue to think that Android developers are naive to assume they are not going to bump up against limits imposed by carriers and by Google. They just don't have the critical mass to have hit all the nooks and crannies yet. Apple is not friendly to open source == bad. Grand Central Dispatch, LLVM, Clang (probably there are more) all would indicate otherwise. So, what am I missing? Not trying to troll here. I'm sure I have exhibited some ignorance in this long post, seriously. Why are (some small number of smart) people pounding their heads against the wall rather than develop for iPhone? Can you write apps yourself without using some Nokia code signing tool? When you develop for these platforms, does your code have to be signed before you can give your app to other people to run? If yes, who controls access to the capability of issuing/revoking certificates? The number one concern naive users express to me is that by "switching" browsers they are giving up their current browser. Because of this concern, they are not willing to try another browser. They say "things work well enough now. I don't really have any big complaints. It's fast enough. I don't have a reason to switch." Notice that word again, "switch." This key flaw in the mental model of naive users, the idea that installing a new browser absolutely requires them to switch, is not addressed in the Google video. Of course, yes, switching likely will happen if they ever get past the step of trying a better browser. But they get hung up on their misconception that there is no trial period, no opportunity to ease into the new browser. I wish anyone doing these campaigns, whether Google or Mozilla, would notice this issue and address it. Instead the campaigns seem to be designed from a geek's perspective of what we geeks think the problem might be, rather from the users' perspectives of what the users' perceived problems are. I was a non-programmer, and I wanted a program written. Nobody was going to write it, and I didn't have the money to pay someone to write it. So what did I do? I learned to program, in order to write that program. It took a while, but it was worth it. And it turned out great. And years later I'm still learning. The learning never stops. That is a good thing, not bad. I would advise anyone to not think of themselves as a "type" but instead to figure out what you want to do, and do it. It might take some hard work. But again, it is worth it. So how do I perceive non-programmers? They are just people who either have not discovered the concept of what programming can do for you, or they have discovered it but have given up on their own ability to learn (fallen into the "type" misconception). Kind of sad either way. "We recognize the magnitude of this inconvenience." Inconvenience. Wow. Catastrophe seems to fit better. Another thread that was useful - color scheme tools: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=859010 Not another library, but a solution to the problem you mention. Capture each command line, even one-offs, in scripts. Then later you can reuse that script without having to figure out the command line options again. You could say this is just shifting the problem to a new place: you now have to relocate the old scripts you wrote. Well, that's a much easier problem. How about... The AI Google is growing becomes "too powerful to fail," a more insidious version of the "too big to fail" we hear from banking. The humans at Google lose control of their business as automation increasingly leaches more money from any business possible. It becomes harder and harder for the Google humans to unwind each ad transaction to determine whether the ad leads people into scams. Users start to step back from their engagement with Google. Alternatives begin to get traction. Humans at Google start to become alarmed. As a defense against the power of the AI, Google transitions over to a new system and allows the old data to fossilize. The new system allows for a higher degree of human input, though it's still not under human control. At this critical point, competitors move in and take away a lot of the market from Google. Knowing well how to do for loops on the command line of whatever shell I'm using at the time. Saving snippets of how I get things done. Always saving command lines in shell scripts, sometimes with parameters, instead of just trying to remember them. Bash history is great, but it isn't available when changing systems, hosts, and jobs. Always making a sandbox directory for every idea/project, under a directory named for the current year. This includes my own ideas as well as stuff other people did that I download to play with. When a new year rolls around, most of the directories don't get carried over; they just stay in the old year archived. Tagging every new project with keywords. Automating everything possible. Most fantastic win ever: VMware images that are preconfigured to whatever state they need to be in to debug whatever I'm working on. Could be Amazon AMIs; I use VMware atm. emacs, vi, sort, uniq, comm, find, ack, diff, patch, perl, perltidy, man, git People, it's not that difficult. You do not include Apple icons, Apple, logos, screen shots (edit: or pictures) of Apple products, Apple trademarks, other trademarks... OK, it sounds like a long list, but it's really not that bad. You can blame Apple, but part of the blame also has to go to trademark law, which requires them to do this in order to protect their valuable trademarks. Yes, there are other issues besides trademark issues for which the App Store rejects things, but it's amazing how many stories about this boil down to someone not having read the Apple guidelines, or having read them but not believed them. Even Android has rules relating to trademarks: http://www.android.com/branding.html Edit 2: I've read the RA "refutation" of Lamarche, and it is close to delusional with its implication that a screen shot could not be considered a trademark infringement. The matter is totally open to interpretation, but that is not the point. The important thing is that any company, including Apple, is required to take the strict interpretation if they want to do the best job of protecting their trademarks under the law. That's an interesting take on it. VNC, maybe, especially if it's sold by using screen shots that show the Apple desktop. Web browser / webview, even Apple probably wouldn't push it that far, although when you're hiring low wage workers to review essentially the entire potential universe of content, there are bound to be some overzealous interpretations. People love to criticize Apple and their "mismanagement" of their business. I would like to see anyone do it better than Apple has. The old cliche applies: It's very easy to criticize. Not so easy to do what they have done. Cupcake? What's that? The App Store is evolving constantly, as far as I can tell. It's improving over time, and not just in small ways. They have made huge improvements. But, as with any evolving ecosystem, it will always be broken. This is not strictly a bad thing; it's just the nature of evolving systems that they are always finding new states of equilibrium. What they are doing is not easy. And the results so far are amazing. There is the odd horror story, but overall it's pretty good, and getting better. Personally I would prefer an open system. But for a closed system they are doing it pretty well. So, what's the catch, other than having to have annoying Microsoft naming conventions like ASP.NET show up in my field of vision? Perfect headline. A native app with a web UI can present content even when there is no network connection... My respect for quirksmode just fell, a lot. The willful ignorance he shows in his article is staggering. And the rude delivery doesn't help either. Heh, thanks for the well-deserved and well-delivered smackdown. I'll concede that point, but obviously there are others that have been mentioned. It's a tradeoff. You either support a bunch of versions on a wide array of different hardware, very badly (c.f. Microsoft -- we diss them, but to be kind, the problem they have set up for themselves is truly challenging), or you try to do a better job of support, in which case you must constrain yourself to supporting fewer options. It looks to me like the iPhone is the user's own iPhone, in which case the user will have installed the software on the phone side themselves. So I guess the flow would be: user starts software; merchant takes phone and plugs in device; software checks device and makes sure it is authentic; then UI presents signature page to user. What is the hole in this? I'm not saying there is no hole, and I did like your question (and upvoted it), but I'm wondering if you can think of a good attack that I'm missing. Edit: Instead of "iPhone" I should have said just "phone" since it will be on multiple platforms. I was just at Home Depot this morning looking for LED 'bulbs' (using that term very loosely). Admittedly Home Depot might not be the best place to look. In any case, I was very disappointed. They are super dim compared to other choices. For $35 dollars you can get something with the physical size of a regular light bulb (which matters because I want to screw them into an existing fixture) but they only put out 200 lumens (!) as compared to 800 lumens for a 60-watt bulb or its ~15 watt compact fluorescent equivalent. Looking at the design of the unit, on the light-emitting side there was an enormous span of wasted black plastic, with fake plastic unneeded heat-dissipation fins taking a bunch of space, and with three LEDs arranged in the center. With better design, you could probably fit 12 or so LEDs in the same amount of space, and then it would be a product worth buying. Anyone know the story about why LEDs are not subsidized by state energy programs as CF bulbs are in California? It wasn't snappy, but it was fast enough. The speed non-issue is definitely not the first thing I'd fix. On sites that you use ten times a day, every day, definitely speed is very important. On something like this that might be used a couple times a year, no. The real issue is you need to get more useful information onto the front page. The "number of ideas" column is next to useless. What does it mean that a designer has zero ideas? That their head is completely empty? I doubt it. It probably means they aren't necessarily looking to work on a specific project they have in mind. But then, on the other hand, maybe there are some designers who chose '0' because they really, truly, have absolutely no ideas (and, by implication, no creativity). I would want to avoid those. How do I know which are which? I don't. And if the number of ideas listed is 1, 2, or more, similar opportunities for confusion abound. So that column is useless. I was excited when I saw this, because it's hinting that it may be a good tool... but please bring more detail to the surface. You may need to gather that detail from the users, then present it, I don't know, maybe as CSS display-on-hover windows next to each name, which is debatable as a UI, but better than having to click through. There are other people besides designers that developers need to work with. Writers and marketers are two that come to mind. But designers are a good place to start. One interesting thing about this UI is it rules out finding people who are already busy with projects, but who may be looking for people to join their project. So say I'm a developer with a good ('good' === 'pays the bills') project, and need a designer, and I am not available, because I'm busy with that good project. Now I can search for a designer, but a designer cannot find me. Maybe this is intentional; I'm sure some people would prefer it this way. Or maybe it's an oversight in the UI design. It seems like the latter. I've had great luck with rentacoder, and have only good things to say about the site itself and the controls and mechanisms it has in place to help ensure the process goes smoothly (ratings, on-site communication so there's a paper trail, escrow, etc.). However, there are caveats: 1) Best used with very small, very well-defined jobs. 2) You must put in a fair amount of careful work to specify what you want done, in a way that leaves no room for interpretation. 3) Best used with low-risk (experimental / proof-of-concept) type projects. 4) Don't bet your company on getting good quality. You'll usually get something usable, but it often won't be exemplary code. If "usually get something usable" sounds scary, see point #3. 5) Don't expect to save yourself time. Instead you spend the same amount of time as you would have spent had you already known how to do what needed to be done but you instead spend the time on communication, and you get your job done by someone who knows how to do it. A corollary to #5 is for some small jobs, you might be able to learn how to do the task and then do it yourself, all in the same amount of time you spent directing the freelancer. So why do it at all? Because of #6: 6) Using such a service can move an item off your to-do list, because having a person at the other end of a job bid (and having your reputation on the site as a buyer on the line) you get forced to finish the item. So effectively it's an anti-procrastination tool. This is my experience, which is biased toward small jobs. But then, I wouldn't use one of these sites for a big job. I doubt that lie detection voodoo actually works when the person being interviewed is new to the whole being on TV thing. Not expecting this to work for them, but if it does, maybe they'll use the money to start doing good investigative reporting again. I'd love to see more journalist-run sting operations like reporters used to do in the old days. The Tragedy of the Commons by Garrett Hardin is pretty good, and is considered a classic. http://www.garretthardinsociety.org/articles/art_tragedy_of_... It's in the field of population biology, but the principles are broadly applicable to any system where self-interested actors can gain more than they lose by actions that hurt the community. Genius marketing, but risky, because there is a fine line between marketing the device as a tool for men, and a toy for boys. Once it's seen as a geeky toy - the GI-Joe action figure boy-doll phone - most normal (non-geek) people won't touch it, even though geeks will love it. Takedown notice in 5.. 4... 3... When I started reading, I though it was a genius move being done by Google itself, until I got to the word "they" and then scanned down and saw the Eric Schmidt quote. Yeah, confusing. They might allow it to stay up for a few days to generate some discussion though... we'll see. This is an aside, but it's always amusing to see how often you see people mimicking the look of people they look up to or report to. I met a senior manager at a Microsoft booth at a trade show, an Indian man who groomed himself to follow almost exactly the external appearance of Bill Gates. It was stunning. At Oracle, you see a lot of mini-Larrys. When you meet virtual reality people at the Maker Faire, it's amazing how many of them have Jaron Lanier's dreadlocks. And Apple fans, not all, but many, me included, with their short haircuts. Of course certain things are off limits - the black mock turtleneck, nobody wears that now, because it's taboo to be seen as trying to look like Him. So my question here is: Is this professor mimicking Ben Goertzel, or is Ben mimicking him? It's not a coincidence that they choose the same hairstyle. And it's not just long hair, it's long hair worn a certain way. What gives? Even AGI researchers are susceptible to these, what, canine, instincts? My God. Scraping is not illegal. Please. But... IANAL. Add a new feature that uses new data, and encrypt that data. Not an insurmountable obstacle, but it will put you ahead of him in the comparisons on the app store as long as you can stay ahead. But he can do the same thing to you. In the end, the users win. That's the beauty of a platform that has critical mass in numbers of developers competing to make good apps. Sucks for you (us) unless you look at it as a fun challenge. I dunno. What do you have against putting a blurb on your home page that tells what the site is for? [update: Oh, it's not the home page. But still, I can't tell what this is for, and I should be able to, even on a sub-page. 'Slices' - what? I have been thinking about Slicehost lately, and the first link mentions Ruby, which I don't know. So when I land on this link you have me thinking that maybe the site is a way for Ruby users to manage their slices on Slicehost. The About page should definitely tell what the site is about. And the help pages are not loading for me. If you want to do a tweeted-link application, you should add a bit more value - maybe have thumbnails of the destination site, or expand bit.ly/etc. URLs (while keeping the bit.ly one too). If someone uses bit.ly to shorten every URL they tweet, bit.ly stores the URLs for them already, so...] The article incorrectly claims the device doesn't have a microphone. The author added some weasel words "I don't think there's a microphone" to hedge something that would have taken a few seconds to fact-check on any of the liveblog sites that ran yesterday. Having seen that, it was hard to take the rest of the article seriously. Yes exactly (to your edit). How old are you? This kind of stuff has been around for many years. Charging for it would probably fall into Google's 'evil' category since it is so simple to do. It's cool, but you didn't invent it and you don't own the idea. That's no reason to stop what you are doing, though. If you can get a user base and keep improving the product and making users happy, more power to you. Cool. Not surprised that it went smoothly at first, but do let us know how that works out for you after a few OS X updates. What's wrong with stock grants? That's much better than stock options. If you get 40,000 shares vesting after, say four years, why would you complain? Sure, there's no guarantee the stock won't collapse, but on the off chance the price holds or goes up, isn't two million after four years not too shabby? Not sure I understand why Google would be lumped together with companies that offer only options, or grants of dog stocks. "it is a tenant of the Flash Player team that..." Facepalm. I think "tenet" is the word you were looking for. When you talk about "competing sites" that seems a bit off, since your site doesn't exist yet. It took me a while to figure this out. One way to find rough use data would be to find the existing sites, then plug them into http://quantcast.com and look at the traffic numbers. Lose your house over hosting fees? When has that ever happened? Wouldn't a personal umbrella policy cover this, for a sole proprietorship? I would take you at your word, but right now your word says literally "I'll do my best to give you the discount" (edit: if certain scenarios come to pass, such as you starting a company). That's pretty weak. Interesting experiment. The danger is you get a handful of takers, then you have to live forever with the admin overhead of keeping track of them (as they change email addresses, etc. over the years), all for a little temporary pocket money. I guess that's why you need to say things like "I'll do my best." Maybe you could add a condition, saying the deal will kick in once X number of people sign up, otherwise everyone gets refunded. Great, if they can figure out a way to make the tax apply only to Microsoft and people who've made a killing there. If it means that Windows prices have to go up, excellent. Microsoft has skimped on stuff like getting security right, so we've all been subsidizing their business model by incurring the cost of dealing with the problems their infected machines cause. It's one of several intros that work in a cute way now that we have status update habits (twitter and facebook): "it turns out..." "ProTip:..." "apparently..." I caught myself using these a lot, and it seemed like every time I used them, I was trying to be cute. Now they are banned. If your goal for now is to let us give you feedback, you should put in some reviews for movies that everyone has seen. I haven't seen those three movies, which makes it harder for me to gauge whether the reviews are any good. On the other hand, some of the music reviews are transparently bad. I'm not sure if the ratings apply to the movies, or to the reviews. And since the people doing the rating are probably also not sure, that makes the ratings less useful. Will you have the ability for multiple users to compete to provide different reviews, which then are ranked as they (the reviews, not the items being reviewed) get rated by the community? I could see this evolving into a cool resource, but it's hard to tell from what you've got so far. I read the "Why do this project" section on the site, and am not convinced. Nagios is a very actively maintained project, and did have major features added about a year and a half ago. It is totally suited for use in large installations, especially with the help of existing third party enhancements like GroundWork Monitor. And on the non-issue of wanting a flexible Nagios, a lack of flexibility is NOT one of Nagios' problems. It is insanely flexible, and has tons of add-ons and plugins. Also being in C, it performs very well, especially the current version. I've looked at the code, and it's not bad - maybe the shinken authors are just intimidated by C. Balancing the real and significant perils of unfettered free markets with the real and significant perils of meddling with free markets. Do tenure committees and other such parts of the scientific establishment give publication on arxiv.org the same weight they give to publication in traditional scientific journals? They didn't used to -- has this changed? Spreedly? Or maybe that's a layer on top of gateways? I don't know much about payment gateways, so feel free to enlighten me on why it's not a solution to this, if it's not.