I'm building something probably best described as a Dropbox competitor but with a p2p twist. No blockchains or tokens, just performant code, no-non-sense offering with a SAAS style (optional) subscription. Currently at the proof-of-concept stage. One-person outfit so far. Sounds like a nice way to end up in a plea bargain. I think it used to be in 20 years time. https://bigthink.com/videos/fusion-really-is-20-years-away-2... Even in the US people get away with all sorts of stuff when there's no evidence. killall -9 vim There was a drive which used the rotational energy in the platters to generate electricity enough to write out what was in the cache. I wanna say it was IBM. I think it's easier to sit down and stay put on a snowboard, just about everywhere. Whereas with skis, you seek out some snow naturally, probably on the sides, just to don't glide any further. (You don't want to sit down with skis. Sitting down provides more friction than standing up.) So you are advocating pogroms? I'll take democracy over that. Maybe foolish, but actually with a shred of ideology except Power. Damn, I was bit by this, I had forgotten about it because it was such a long time ago. No, the meta-data is somehow distributed and fsck can pick up pieces of it. I don't think you have to encrypt the image to avoid the edge case, a compress of the image should be enough. It still sucks though. Sure, but I read it like you wanted to respond in kind. It is'nt clear. For instance, to me it's not clear if that can be obstruction of justice in a forth-coming investigation. So? Aren't we talking about hiding evidence that something may have connection to sanctioned individuals? If so, I agree with everything you said but it could still be obstruction of justice. Very cool! This triggered another idea - our ears already can move a slight bit by its own muscles. Can't we read these muscle movements, and amplify them by controlling the servo Cat Ears in sync? Might be easier to learn to control, maybe. I think the success is partly accidental - when these schools started, traditional schools were often militaristic in style and with a focus on obedience and listening in silence. Montessori schools emphasised interaction and discovery using the simple tools of the day, like tools and toys. In todays school, the kids are often overstimulated by our current multi-media world. Montessori schools provide a calmer environment. So my pet theory is that they started out as stimulating under-stimulated kids, and today are calming down over-stimulated kids. Our human "cameras" also scan constantly, have crazy dynamic range, employ dynamic shades (hands) and move around several feet, inside a protective weather proof shield, as well employ "sensor fusion" with "microphones" and "vibration detectors". To add to the confusion, there are two main kinds of brake fluid: The classic, pro: works well even under high temperatures resulting from prolonged braking. Con: absorbs water over time and must be replaced fairly often even if not stressed. New kind, pro: does not absorb water and does not degrade as much on its own. Con: braking action gets "spongy" when the fluid heats up from prolonged braking. As a staunch advocate against war crimes, the sensible move is to outlaw the Russian commander in chief. Russians sometimes name Ukrainian "Little Russian". So the newspeak name for Russian could of course be "East Ukrainian" or "Little Ukrainian". How about non-nation states, such as the US? Maybe the Erlang way is more letting the entire thread crash and "bound" it with a restart? ElementaryOS is leaving a lot of money on the table. The reason is that they have an established user base, and there is an app store, which is very curated. People would be more than willing to pay for apps on that app store. Not so many developers are willing, though. The thing is, to publish on the app store, the source code must be publicly available on for instance, github. If they allowed app developers to sell truly commercial software, ElementaryOS could be a self growing machine, and they could give away the OS for "free" and keep the OS open source. Maybe it's not as "pure" as what they are doing now, but on the other hand they could reach so many more people if they had more monetary resources. But ElementaryOS is in a unique position to monetize which they don't use. They don't allow commercial applications on their app store. I'd publish there in a heartbeat, if they did. They are also in the position they (barely) function at a very low cost. They don't need a lot of cash flow to make a huge difference. If someone has a way in with them, please please mention this. I'd hate for ElementaryOS to die, I really like it and have followed it from the beginning. It's the only Linux which strikes the balance between being "normal" and caring about simplicity, consistency and ease of use. If they got decently paid, by allowing proprietary apps, one of the competing apps could stick around by virtue of actually making money. The ElementaryOS company would also get more cash, and could, (like Apple!) improve a core set of apps. A "kernel" of good quality Linux apps could also spread to other distributions, and hopefully slowly coalesce around GTK and "ElementaryOS" style GUI as a de-facto standard. (Since the other distros are more accepting of jumbled GUI styles anyway, why not make your app on ElementaryOS first, and distribute that version on the other Linux versions, too.) Anyway, the hurdle is not technical - flatpaks or no flatpaks. The hurdle is strategy and ideology. I forgot to mention - the user can pay $0 for any app. This is the problem which needs to be fixed. All apps are donationware, enforced by the appstore. Yeah, keep doing it, I meant. My mind was racing, but I see parallels to how Apple "gives away" the OS (really bundles), so MacOS does not have an apparent cost to end users. ElementaryOS could similarly do that while be the place to gather high quality graphical linux applications. And not only high quality, UX consistent. Such a shame if it fell down this close to success. It's really, really hard to start a 2-sided market. But it's almost like Elementary is activelly avoiding a run-away success. In a way it's like they are naturally a SAAS (curated app store) but they try very very hard to sell a product. They would be in no worse position they are now, the difference is that third party app developers could make money on their platform. For Elementary, it would mean the same or more cash. Likely more. I don't think it's apparent how little money ElementaryOS needs to thrive as a SAAS style business. They only need a few thousand sales a month through the app store to make a HUGE difference to their bottom line. Yeah, the turbo is a known issue. Always let it run a minute before you start your trip, especially when cold out. Never rev the engine until a couple of minutes after water temp stopped increasing. (So the oil is up to working temp.) Always let the engine run 30 seconds after you pulled in to park. If you ran fast or towed something, let it run a minute or two. Change oil twice a year or every 6000 miles, which ever comes first. Always use 5W-40 or 0W-30 fully synthetic high quality oil. If you do this, the turbo will live many years. If you start to see white or blue smoke on start, the turbo is shot. You still have time, but not much, to change turbo. It can be as little as a few cold starts left until it burns out. If it completely burns out, the engine will suck in oil, run dry, heat up the catalytic converter etc etc. But if you replace the turbo when the first smoke appears, you are golden. You have two options for turbo. New Old Stock is mostly gone. So either order a chinese Garret copy, or order a used one. Both a used original and a chinese Garret copy cost about the same, $200-300. Both have about the same chance of working for a long time. Some of the old ones have a lot of miles left in them, and the quality of the copies seem to have a high spread. If you or your mechanic can adapt inlets and outlets, you can put a turbo from another brand of car on your SAAB engine. The -2003 ("original") 9-3 SAAB, are in my opinion undervalued. They look good, and they drive good. It's not extremely fast, but I have never felt as "one" with a car as with that model, and it's also extremely forgiving. If you push it to its limits in corners, it will let you know long in advance what it's about to do. It felt completely undramatic to push it to its limits, never felt scary. I have driven both slower and faster cars which have both felt scary when approaching their limits. For some reason, I also pretty much immediately felt "where the car is" when parking the SAAB. I have driven many cars since then, various models of Mercedes, Volvo, Citroën, VW, and also the next generation SAAB 9-3, but in all of them it's taken me a lot longer to figure exactly "where the car is" when parallel parking and such. It's an easy thing to say. I used to ridicule my friends who longed for SAABs. Until a few years later I happened to drive one. Well, that was that. I was hooked. To bad the company tanked. They had neat design going: http://www.retrotaksi.fi/en/index.html I don't see any evidence your statement isn't made up either. None of those, but the implicit assumption that the pool of violent drunks won't increase when the bar (pun intended) for binge drinking in any setting is lowered. It has only been a couple of weeks yet. We will see how much will be left of Mariupol and other surrounded cities. Incompetence can be the worst scenario. "If all else fails, grind down civilian population with medieval siege and artillery." Your last paragraph goes too far to me. China represses its whole population. Yes, all empires are inherently "evil", but there are far more freedoms in the "west" than in China. You can't just equate them. This site we are talking on could not exist in China. I wonder how much of that is because of the medium. You had to film it, with film. The film itself cost money. You had only a certain amount of it on-set. You then had to wait for it to be developed to see how it turned out. You had to synch audio to it, so you had to really think about what you wanted to say and for how long. Finally, the distributed product had a standard length for distribution. (The reels sent out.) My favourite thing about that story is that it was on film reels , not videotape. Which one gets 2% more? Yeah... I have watched so many corporate video addresses which just drone on and on and on, often with minimal production qualities too, like a webcam and questionable microphone skills. These things would not have been filmed at all in the past, or they would have been much shorter. There would be a film crew. Someone doing the microphone setup and telling the subject to enunciate etc. And us corporates would have watched it in the cafeteria before lunch on the 16mm projector. The low barrier to entry today is wonderful, but it also means a lot of stuff made is just fluffy and not very necessary at all. I guess it's also easier to skip most of it, so there's that. That may be, but the massive corn subsidies in the US maybe can finally ful-fill their original purpose - protect against starvation in case of war. I always assumed as much. Constant fear of nuclear war is not what has made the corn subsidies constant. Maybe I'm missing something, but the US is so incredibly vast, I can't understand why you don't have place for a least a few beavers. I sort of agree, but the American legal system wasn't exactly in great shape before. The reaction described in the article is not good, but a reaction of some sort was expected. The largest atrocity was creating a power vacuum by firing the entiry Iraqi army after the war. "After the initial invasion, most of the Iraqi military's former soldiers and officers offered little resistance to Coalition forces in the early days of the occupation. Many soldiers had simply gone home rather than openly fight the invading forces. This seeming acceptance of Coalition authority stemmed from the US military continuing to pay the salaries of Saddam's former soldiers, while promising senior Iraqi officers that they would have a major role to play "in building a new Iraq." [0] Paul Bremer, head of the CPA, issued an order dissolving the entire Iraqi military, as well as most civilian employees of the old government, and pledged to build a new military and government from scratch. [0] Thus, a decade of hell and eventually ISIS, began. 0: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupation_of_Iraq_(2003%E2%80... Sounds like a pretty good simulation of the corporate workspace, though! I'm sure it was not intentional at all, but it is pretty funny. Complete with lower pay (or at least less career opportunities) for working extra hard on the Death March project about to be cancelled. Quel surprise... how could Walmart have known about Canadian laws beforehand. :-D Not over , just engineered. That's what safety is. I don't mean to be snarky, the built-in buffer is part of what makes it safe. People are very spatial, and the Desktop metaphor and file browser metaphor already taps into that. The new version of OCaml got multiprocessor support recently. https://www.infoq.com/news/2021/10/ocaml-5-multicore/ It would result in less "engagement". (And a better "filter bubble". At this point, I don't know which is worse.) Meet your new entrepreneurs . Same as your old entrepreneurs . Even if it is debunked, that article is from 2015. What happened the next 7 years? Yeah, maybe. But those in the old guard are used to building expensive, one-off things. I'll agree they can have better margins on what they already do. SpaceX benefit most from stuff which can be mass-produced. Customers who have use-cases which can be massproduced, will benefit the most from SpaceX. Another commenter mentioned on the perils of that too - SpaceX owns the ride, so they hold the keys to the Kingdom. > We gonna renegotiate fishing agreements in Moroccan waters? That would also be, "We enjoy our EU trawlers fishing in West Saharan waters, and we don't want find out what a would-be West Saharan government would say about these rights" I tested NT 3 something on a DEC workstation on Alpha CPU, at a trade show in the early 90s. Already then, it didn't seem like dragging things around would eat a significant amount of CPU. I started a bunch of AVI videos playing at the same time, while dragging windows around, and everything was smooth . How long until someone actually makes this version? Damn, that's four years after the breakup of the Soviet Union. Pretty late. I remember what I was doing in 1995. Nukes getting transferred to the Russian Federation would definitely have surprised me, had I known. Kazakhstan is stable politically in much the same way as North Korea is stable politically. (Just in case someone thought of democracy when they read "stable".) Those are not standard though, more like a "hack". https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/german-regulator-tak... Upvoting but Russia most definitely cannot be self-sufficient. Unless you mean in a theoretical or future sense. Most of it exports are energy, and their industry depends heavily on western and chinese machinery and components. Those were most likely people with a motherboard with 4 CPU slots and with 4 CPUs plonked in there. 36% better memory latency. Four times the single core performance. Two decades. Banned in the EU since 1999. I thought so to but as soon as Afghanistan was mentioned, it changed my mind into "mundane criminality". Heroin is a normal crop in Afghanistan. Lots of US military equipment was abandoned during the US retreat, and a lot of Afghanistan army equipment (from the US) was seized at the time by the taliban. Trading of such things to interested foreign buyers (such as Burma factions hoping to defend against government air forces) feels more like tragic normal world events than Bond movie villainry. Do we know this? To the police "know we can get a conviction" and "know is guilty" may be a distinction without a difference. The icing on the cake would be if the DOJ thwarted a CIA plan to bring air defence to Myanmar resistance. Patents are 20 years, so if you are unlucky, no. Also there are those infamous "submarine patents". I wonder though about truly ancient x86, why aren't there more clean-room clones of those? Damn I'm old. I assumed the underlying idea was that the US will export oil to make up for Russian oil about to be sanctioned in Europe. It's standard, but what is new is there are so many more random devices which can be potentially used, instead of servers and PCs. [0] - It's not witch friendly, it's witches only, in other words. Isn't it the fifth book in the trilogy? I don't understand how you can come to this conclusion? A small country is dependent on good relations, foreign investors and on and on and on. Even at best, the small country gets limited clout. What can a small country do against a multinational company or against the WTO etc etc Yep, came here for this. There were a couple of strange twilight years when Commodore was almost (then actually) dead, and at the same time: An Amiga with external third party graphics card, 68060 third party CPU, SCSI-2 was faster and cheaper running MacOS than anything Apple could offer. Notably Photoshop was faster, because it took quite a while for all filters to be competently ported to PPC, and as OP said, the PPC in the Macs weren't even that fast in the first models. Edit: I think I might have had an account on that BSD Amiga of yours, at one time? Early 2000s if true. Someone gave me shell access to a tricked out A1200, I wonder if it could have been yours. If I recall correctly, some people had web pages there, including some musician called Zia. (You!?) What mostly killed the Commodore Amiga, was brutal mismanagement by Commodore itself. How? I thought it was up to the JPEG decoder how to actually decode the image into pixels. (Not that JPEG couldn't be workable in practice if some care was put into a solution.) Yeah... like a laptop with OpenBSD? Otherwise it sounds like sound advice for any device if you have the threat profile to warrant it. True but there are fines which can sometimes be substantial especially for companies. Or bombings of Dresden. If you want fire. If it's cheap, non-perishable and transports well, it will have a big market. That link took me to a description of how women should be posed with an "S-shaped figure". The EU was on the verge of doing that not too long ago over the Lissabon accords. Cadaver images, may be disturbing to some. Stuff is pretty harsh then, regardless of reason for 0 in records. Sweden most especially is not supporting the PKK. The PKK is even designated a terrorist organisation by the EU. NK exists at the behest of China. China wants a buffer between it and South Korea. If that wish were to change, I'd expect NK to be either gobbled up by China or allowed to rejoin with SK. Turkey sees YPG as a subsidiary to PKK. Others don't necessarily agree. In Eastern Liturgy, the ticket is the confession and the mandated overtime is the penance. I like them both very much. American blueberry is (when ripe) very sweet, like a candy almost. Bilberry (=blueberry to me) is very flavourful. Sometimes I want one, sometimes the other. Bilberries really taste nice in milk for instance, or for flavouring icecream. American blueberries don't add much to icecream, they sort of disappear in the general sweetness, but taste great on their own. Be careful with the kind of tools that increase abstraction in the code base itself. It can easily tip into a situation where it will have to be all ripped out when the OP leaves the company. Or worse, remains as a cargoculted mystery. There are no hard and fast rules, but stuff that increases the productivity of other in a (to them) non-mystical way would be best. It's a judgement call, some of these in the list above made me pause, but the red flags will be specific to each workplace. The keys is to know what others will understand, and that is a super-power in itself. Base power is nice, but I think we need to be more creative in setting up infrastructure that can work with varying price. - 100mg of Zoloft wash it down with water. The transition will be complete when some AI can fool/bribe the other AIs that its workers are human. With the mandate from Heaven out of fashion in most (ahem, one glaring example) democracies, there is always think of the Children. I feel I have seen something like this in GTK-land. I don't mean X11, maybe I'm thinking of the way to GTK-ify bash scripts. What a current buyer wants in a Nash equilibrium of weird incentives and zoning laws, is the Just the Way Things Are ? Is it still mostly salads or is there hope for high-calorie hydroponics? I like how psychology (or at least behavioural studies) is edging closer to being relevant in computer science. I always preferred ytalk, then your own window to type in. (The screen was split in an upper and lower half and you had one or the other.) I was there and it was amazing. After comparing this comment above with your typing there, and this comment here compared to my typing there, I concur. /MagPie I read not too long ago about things I didn't learn in school: - Most cities in Japan had already been extensively fire-bombed - The Japanese High Command were not shocked that atomic bombs could exist or that yet another city was obliterated - The Japanese - Soviet war was also not going well for Japan. They would much rather surrender to the Americans than the Russians. You are framing it as if a land invasion was inevitably the only other option. That's also impossible to surmise. Or - the result is the body finds a way to have tax money fund the licensing body. The oppression of the Sami started several centuries earlier, that's probably why. I think language should not be a requirement either. It's complicated, one can identify with a group despite having lost the language some generation(s) ago. Agree 100% on the other points. But were the Eagles immune to the lure of the power inherent in the ring itself? The whole plot hinges on that a hobbit was the most resilient against the corruption of the Ring. The Eagles were proud and powerful creatures. A ring-wraith Eagle would have been quite the setback to Gandalfs' plans. Several regular lamps/light sources focused on the same 3D spot, possibly tracking it in real time, should also work. The body temperature of the insect only need to be slightly raised for it to die. It needn't be "zapped" in an instant. NT 3.x did not have the video driver in kernel, so it was extremely stable. I liked it a lot at school, felt silky smooth on the 486DX66 in the lab. Presumably, the array of lamps would not be aimed at humans, and turn off if a human stepped in the way. Even then, it would only be a problem at the (common) focal point of all the lamps. They will just look at you with an expression of pity and slight disgust. I think the actual end user will end up in the room as the machine learning tech matures and get implemented in regular industry and biz use cases. I find it so interesting that there is such a huge chasm between "what we know can be done" and "what we do in practice in industry". How can it be that in so many programming languages, adhering to a contract means nothing but "these methods have similar calling signatures" and "I pinky swear I implement the semantics of std::io::Write " ? Haven't the Ocaml people entered the next metaphysical level of understanding? When they speak of "types" they don't mean "uint32_t" or a class. Funny, I don't see any good from IKEA when you look at the greater picture. More waste, un-accounted for externalities all over the board (labour laws, environment exploitation), extremely well-honed organisation designed to evade taxes through "charities". They seem to operate at much higher level of abstraction. They mean something more profound when they speak of "types", which I don't understand. Also Ada seems interesting, with more spelled out contracts. The effects of IKEA must be very different depending on where in the world they were introduced, and when. If your country (cough-cough USA) had already descended into the "crap products globalisation stage" before IKEA came along, it will feel like a net positive. If your country (cough-cough Sweden) got IKEA before that stage, I would say, yes, IKEA displaced quality furniture. I'd say the overall problem is un-accounted for externalities. Cheap crap from China or Vietnam is just a symptom of the same illness. Crappy products are okay, in a free market economy. But crappy products with huge environmental costs undercutting "kosher" crappy products, is not okay. What use are even labour and environmental laws if one can skirt them by pushing the problem elsewhere? I see. Then it's OK to skirt environmental and worker protection laws, I guess. As long as the products are nice. We provide a regulatory ecosystem - inside that ecosystem, Amazons and IKEAs are the winners. If we change the ecosystem, other companies would evolve to be the winners. (Or IKEA and Amazon would change.) I can't see why not - in normal computing, there is I/O. On embedded it also just "I/O" but a little more brutal than streams. Still pretty much the same though, at some point you must reference the outside world. What am I missing? I feel it is slower now. 1981 IBM PC - turn key useful but expensive and clunky 1982 Commodore 64 - cheap, good gfx + sound 1985 Amiga - you could drop someone from today (2022) on an Amiga and they could still find their way around the UI and write a document, save it, print it, use the calculator, whatever. (Before you start comparing with MacOS v1 and Windows v1 , yes, true, but Windows 1 has clunky UI and neither MacOS nor Windows could execute more than program at a time. Only Amiga had that.) So, within 4 years we went from the "Personal Computer" becoming a real actual thing with the PC, to having basically the same desktop metaphor we still use today, with the Amiga. That's incredible development speed. The only thing I have seen which was just as fast, was the iPhone driving adoption of touch interfaces and mobile Internet. This also drove the concept of an "app" as something you pick and choose and expect to be there for major brands and services. It's hard to say if the "PC" (I mean that loosely) or the iPhone/touch/mobile trifecta had a greater impact. On the one hand, almost "everyone" are or will soon have a smartphone, so that has a huge impact. On the other hand, while "PC" adoption was not ubiquitous, it drove major changes in mass culture (printing, music, video) and industry and economy. Not everyone had a computer, but everyone was aware of them and were impacted by them in ways large and small. (Before you start comparing with MacOS v1 and Windows v1, yes, true, but Windows 1 has clunky UI and neither MacOS nor Windows could execute more than program at a time. Only Amiga had that.) I picked my goal posts arbitrarily, but an Amiga could basically run all software we have today, if the CPU was faster. Stream music + download something + editing a text, for instance. The Mac OS could only have done this a little bit later. But sure, yes, the UI of the Mac was incredible, only 2 years after IBM PC. So did many systems. About 3 people used them. Hm, I guess most half-assed techy blogs are 0/10 then. Honestly I don't see a problem with the few posts I looked at. It's like recipes. You can't copyright recipes. At least it's not AI-generated blogspam, but a modicum of at least curating went in here. We bill everyone for 1% of their net worth, and if they fail the exam, government keeps the money. And if you fail you can not contribute money to campaigns etc. Probably not, Qatar is mostly sunni islam. If you come at it from an assembly perspective, the explanation makes a lot of sense IMHO. But it could use a qualifier that the "name" is just a number and not the actual name as in the source code. It's a pretty darn high number. Compound interest on that negative goodwill... Wow... someone should write a game for that. It matters to them? I think you are overthinking, a bit. IM is very formulaic, but maybe a dying breed of formulaic. This makes no sense. We have plenty of most genres. Why make anything? Each generation wants to make and experience their own take on everything . It also automatically enables "global optimisation" in most cases. This style is called "amalgamation" and SQLite is distributed (but not developed) in this way. Wow, I almost never see a comment to this effect on HN. So very few people understand this, and that it also extends to all property, not just land. I don't think the Shire had enough hobbiton population for an industrial revolution. Estimates I have seen are below 200 000, maybe much fewer. Britain had about 10 million in the 18th century. And you think there is a power vacuum there? Try build there and see for how long no-one bothers you. Haha, have an upvote. :-D I took at is if they didn't give their number, there would be no connecting the call to an individual. (Unless you recognize the voice.) I find it bold to assume any human was involved at all. (Except possibly wood-burning youtubers reporting her video, but I digress.) I don't know how old fashioned that is. Before the web, you didn't stumble upon this kind of content, and it was certainly not promoted to the top of anyones feed. The same adsense slice would still go to popular content creators, even if they were rate limited. But such a system would have to be mandated "from above" somehow, or upstart "Youtube Competitor" would just outcompete Youtube if Youtube unilaterally would impose such a rate limit. It's not strange. I had deep respect and even some fear of the Russian Army for what it could potentially do to my country. That fear is now largely gone for me. If they can't blitzkrieg the Ukraine, good luck coming here. It would be hell of course, but we could keep them at bay. "The west" have supported the Ukraine, but only really with a trickle of arms compared to its resources in reserve. The combined air forces alone of the west would totally mop up the Russian forces at this stage of the war. The santions have driven up the Ruble, true, but how much is really transacted with that Ruble? It's also problematic to have a strong currency. Russian soldiers are for some strange reason paid a war risk premium calculated in dollar equivalents, which means less rubles when exchanged at the current rate. And thus using that freedom to paint themselves into an ever-smaller corner. So he should really have known better. Malice or incompetence? So, you are saying there is still hope? "multi hundred thousand dollar piece of equipment" So, pretty cheap, it sounds like? How much is the hourly rate of surgeons? If it's working so great, why are 100s of thousands (maybe millions) of educated Russians leaving for other countries? Russia is now set up for long-time decline, with even worse demographics than it had before the war. The C64 didn't have that horrible sound chip, no. :-) Right, because of all the nuclear missiles stationed in the Ukraine. I love it after stumbling upon it somehow. (Non-ex-USSR-ian here.) VHS has a mono track and a stereo track. Some copies have only the mono track, some setups use only the mono track, ever. My Harry Potter 2 copy has a garbled stereo track, so I manually switch to mono when watching that. Or if BBC would have gone ahead with video-on-demand from an array of LaserDisc players distributing to optical (analogue!) fiber in London. In the 80s. Eh, no. Think about it. If the audio was encoded in the video signal, it would need to be buffered. (Such systems existed, but not in VHS.) Audio in VHS is a continuous analog thing. But no need to speculate: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VHS I am not thinking digitally. VHS stores the video as it was broadcast. But how the audio is stored, has nothing to do with that. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analog_television There were different ways to transmit audio over the air waves, but it was done on a different frequency from the video. There were even schemes to broadcast the audio on regular FM stereo as. Some VCRs had a separate audio in so you could use a separate audio source for instance for dubbing. (But you had to record video at the same time, because of the head switching. So no going back and edit only the audio or only the video, with VHS.) The audio on VHS was originally stored just like on audio cassette tapes, quoth the VHS wikipedia: "audio was recorded as baseband in a single linear track, at the upper edge of the tape, similar to how an audio compact cassette operates." HiFi quote from the same article: "Hi-Fi audio is thus dependent on a much more exact alignment of the head switching point than is required for non-HiFi VHS machines. Misalignments may lead to imperfect joining of the signal, resulting in low-pitched buzzing" The audio is not stored at the end or beginning of anything, it's continuous. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF_rTTptah0 The HiFi audio is recorded "deeper" in the tape, then they video is laid down on top of that. My mistake then. I triggered on what you wrote "That means audio will be encoded in the signal after the video frame." It can be interpreted either way (at least by my brain) - chopped up after video, or "after video on the video tape but continuously". I think this exchange is what they call "violent agreement" :-D Especially when you know Mr Rogers would want you to be impartial! Russia increasingly does not care about copyright of foreign stuff, so there's that symmetry going too. Not intentionally cripple. It takes years to get to feature parity even with laser focus. If that focus isn't there (deciding Sheets has a slightly different positioning in the market for instance) it's not getting to feature parity. During a fire maybe? So it started as a celebretion of the annexation of Crimea by Russia? Right, it's marketing to attract foreign students I believe and bad taste IMHO. But the difference in practice between a college and a university in the US is not clear cut even there. In Sweden the distinction between "högskola" (college, basically) and university is not super clear either. One needs to look at the specific faculty in question to know if it's any good. This goes for all schools. This explains so much. Please don't do that. They don't like it. It's nice to see a cross platform library for these proprietary operating systems. (AWS, Azure and GCP.) Reminds me of GNU Libc back in the day before Linux when it ran on Ultrix, BSD etc. But probably not redistribute. This is stretching an analog way too far. A car is necessarily a mechanical contraption. There is no inherent conflict between reliable and easily repairable in that domain. I turned off WiFi on mine because I was too annoyed by ads. Sounds like a great way to have a judge make you liable for compensation. I want to be happy/angry about it, it sounds actually exciting. Tell me more. Reminds me of how Phoenix BIOS was reversed engineered from the IBM BIOS, and the documentation between documentation team and programmer was entirely written and attested, for legal purposes. The graph makes for a good laugh. Also, I want to agree, but algorithm code can look ridiculous in any language, graphical or not. I think graphical coding and "real" coding will merge from both ends. An advanced IDE today is already sort of beginning to look graphical. I sometimes wonder if not these CPUs are just waiting to have their power unleashed. Almost like FPGAs, they could be reprogrammed to have custom instructions by someone skilled. I'm doing a (free) backup system (just a hobby, won't be big and professional like dropbox) for PC, Mac and Linux. This has been brewing since april, and is starting to get ready. To me the choice was between C# or C++, but I ultimately chose C++, because while C# is much faster to code in, when there is a problem, coding directly against the OS, I have much more control in what actually happens and in what dependencies I really have. Edit: I also must confess that I'm enamored with the idea of having a comparatively tiny executable without any other runtime dependencies than itself and the OS. For build system I use meson, and cross compile the Windows targets. It works from Windows XP through Windows 10. (If you have any 32-bit version of Windows, you get the "32 bit XP" version. If you have 64 bit but it's older than Vista, you also get the "32 bit version".) It makes sense what you say, but I still have doubts. Are you saying that not all x86 instructions are implemented in microcode? And wouldn't shader language be a perfect target for custom microcode, etc. No, it's a GUI application. There are ways of making the GUI parts cross platform, like webview and such. But the GUI parts in this application are native to the OS. "Only" the core functionality is shared between platforms. This is also something I have been battling with in the past. All the cross GUI platforms have their quirks and problems and varying OS dependencies you are then married to. Since this is my own personal project, I decided cut the knot differently and just do the GUI parts native. So far, I have found it be incredibly liberating. Instead of trying to instinctively shoe-horn functionality into something that will fit on all platforms, the code itself becomes much clearer when all the really "abstract" or "logic" code is completely separate from the platform code. This is of course best practice anyway, but the decision to split this way made separation incredibly obvious. When the "logic" parts code cannot communicate with OS resources, you aren't tempted to put stuff where it doesn't belong. Technically, LGPL is also problematic whenever used in appstore applications. Kids have phones these days and don’t even notice books, or anything else really. I don't know yet, whatever feels easier. In Windows, the GUI is made so far with code and RC files. Second order ad. :) It looks like the kind of stabilization one should (or could) apply to shaky handheld video. That kind works by zooming in and using the borders for cropping and rotating. In this video it gets extra weird because somes scenes are meant to be shaky. I never got it work with my images. (Flatbed mosaic.) Which version of it? 1.0? I don't know what to call it, but Minix on 286 had protection between processes. (Each process had its own 64k instruction + 64k data, IIRC.) So effectively the same result as an MMU. But Minix is the only OS I know of which used this mode. Didn't SPARC have some kind of sliding window register set? I suppose these numbers must converge for all three as number of files go up? (And compile time for each file is not negligible.) I say this because in my use case ninja spends almost all of its time running compiler processes, not resolving deps. Works for me, but it's also on archive: https://web.archive.org/web/20220815211059/https://www.ucis.... So, a very imperialist Kremlin. I think I must have hit that case often, I have come to see it as inevitable that Make does a lot of linking at the end... Can be any number of reasons, maybe Java shops do other things, like backend and biz logic. I hope it sticks around. If it's around long enough, it can be an alternative in its own right. Ever since ElementaryOS lost momentum (or really never found it, rather) I have been looking for a "third way". RavynOS could be a great way to develop Mac apps and also target the apps for RavynOS. Could be great for music appliances and whatnot. And Russia is willing to fight it to the last Dagestani, Ossetian etc. Very thought provoking take. But I think Russia will splinter long before China. Specifically the eastern and some of the central asian parts of Russia have no upside to staying in the federation. They are being sucked dry and if Moscow loses its grip from the attrition of a war, things will crack. I don't have much knowledge of China, it just appears from the outside to me that the State is in much more control. Yes. Let's just remember that 49% of the population dying is most of the population surviving. The firebombing of Dresden was done on purpose. I agree to it being an existential threat - to Moscow and the Kremlin. (Which is what matters.) A prospering, west-oriented, large and largely Russophone country on their borders would be a terrible reminder for both populations what a massive failure the Russian state is. If Apple is playing 4D chess with China, we don't know what moves are possible at this time. This may have been the only acceptable move at this time. Here I thought the Ukraine was the main victim and Russia the perpetrator. So basically, Russia is the abusive ex-husband who says: "Look what your new friends made me do to you!" "Now lie still while I rape you" In Sweden "milorganite" like processes are as far as I know fairly common, but there is controversy around heavy metal and antibiotics content. I'm with them on this issue! Go for it. You have a platform, man. :-D Oh, jaywalking. Lock them up. There are entire albums on Spotify which are full songs of 80s pop classics, played at a slower speed, then uploaded as a new album from another artist. It's not through an Ethernet port, that's the interesting part. :)