More importantly: will it get you laid? Consider a pressure cooker too, especially for the beans. Well done, but I don't see a whole lot of value in it. It's not the rates and terms -- it's handing over piles of cash to corrupt governments and hoping they'll spend it wisely. I know the readership here does not represent the general population of the internet, but have any of you ever purchased a product/service from an ad served up in a non-search context? I see what you've done there. It's the power efficiency that appeals to me. I want a home server that I can leave on 24/7 without putting a dent in my power bill. I'm forced to use Outlook at work and search is unusable. Google Desktop to the rescue! I recommend AppleCare for their laptops. Normally product insurance is a scam but I've had issues with 3 mac laptops so far (still love 'em though). What are your hate points about CentOS? Lua has been on my "todo" list for a while. Looks like there's already a framework out there: http://www.keplerproject.org I have fond memories of Slashdot. I remember in the early days reading this really inspiring essay about Lisp by some guy. That said, I'll glance at it once a day but will rarely dive in. I worry that Reddit will suffer the same fate. There's definite room for improvement in this area, maybe even a new startup or two... Yes, indeed! I bought my macbook just so I could parade it around to show my superiority. The fact that the general user experience is better than windows and requires less tinkering than linux had nothing to do with it. I'm almost done reading it. It is rather depressing to see all that talent and time go to waste. "First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win." -- Mahatma Gandhi You are spot on. A stellar case of youth not being wasted on the young. I would think PG could whip up a quick page off the logs: http://www.hostip.info/dl/index.html Not when it is material to the operations of a public company. I would have liked to see some recommendations rather than just hand-wringing. My understanding is the crux of problem was the arm-twisting that went into having the ratings agencies grade them as low risk (make it look pretty if you want our business in the future). I would think that the best "free market" solution would be increased transparency and tools to get these transactions out of the shadows. Oracle has been replaced by Postgres. AOLServer is still going strong, but I guess it's not sexy enough to compete with RoR et al. The only thing about the rule of law here is not getting caught. These laws are about controlling the population, not protecting them. Here is where your "illegal drugs" thinking goes: http://www.reason.com/news/show/124947.html Worked for VCRs.... I hope so. I'm in the same boat (plus a couple years) and have my sights set on doing a startup as well. That said, I wish I had pursued this 20 years ago when I had more time, energy, and freedom -- but I guess I wasn't ready then. Right now I'm actually focusing on getting a new job (laid off just recently). I have a potential partner (same age/situation) who is not a hacker but would be a good compliment to my skillset. I have a vision for a product that would hopefully rock the project management landscape. If only I had 6 months locked with a fellow coder... I'll have to settle for a couple hours a day trying to make a convincing demo to sell the dream. Harrison Bergeron, by Kurt Vonnegut http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron The current approach with biofuels is a debacle -- algae is clearly the way to go. That said, biofuels are not the only thing that comprises "green energy". Solar, wind, geothermal all have their place. Let's also not forget increasing energy efficiency and otherwise reducing waste that have direct economic benefits... Agreed. Those billion$ in subsidies going to coal, oil and nuclear don't make for much of a level playing field, do they? Most clock radios suck. If Apple can bring ease of use, style, and (dare I say it: fun) to the household I would buy. The shareholders are not making these decisions (directly), the Board of Directors is. And who is on the BOD? Why other CEOs who expect their actions to be reciprocated. This is [logrolling]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logrolling ). The talk about short term profit taking being driven by the market is BS as well. If a company were to take actions that would depress its earning in the short term for the sake of (demonstrable) long term growth and profits, the smart segment of the market would recognize that and respond favorably. One partial solution: outlaw stock options in publicly traded companies. Use cash bonuses and have the usual Employee Stock Purchase Plan that provides a 15% discount on investing in the company. There are neither 4 nor 3 possibilities: it was given that one child is a girl. So it's either GB or GG. 50% FTW. Would you have the citation for the studies that have shown damage done by ecstasy? There was a minor mistake in one study that used methamphetamine instead of MDMA: http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/mdma/mdma_research2.shtml . I'm curious, who else do you want to shoot? AMD has a market cap of 1.70B, they could fold that in too. My take: the suggestion that anybody should be pursuing nuclear weapons to solve socioeconomic issues. They gotta pay the bills too. Wait a week and read the stale copy. No both sides can, it's the Left that admits it. My father-in-law who toiled in the valley for many a year told me: "all those projects I worked late nights and weekends on -- they're all in landfills now". That said, he was able to cash out ok.... Check out Ritalin via your doctor. How about S5, ported to jquery? http://staticfree.info/projects/jqs5 No, but marketing requires them in order to be buzzword-compliant. It's all nature. Nurture is what you do with it. Murdoch did by proxy for 8 years. It wasn't pretty. STFU, perhaps. But wouldn't it be wonderful to hack our government to effect change in same (think wikileaks meets The Daily Show). We could have transparency via open source tools and translate public knowledge to public action. All we need are public records for every public penny spent in an open format. There might be some difficulties in getting that.... What free market? Open source to boot! http://openbluedragon.org/ For example, Apple's product line prior to the return of Steve Jobs. It also has multiple return values. As agl noted, it has iterators: http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html#RangeClause Think of the synergy it could have when coupled with Geocities. This of i.e. as 'that is' and e.g. as "example given'. There's an added bonus to restoring backups on a regular (daily) basis: a one day old instance of the production environment is always available as a playground for training, dev or qa. Here's a way to easily do it with style: http://datatables.net/1.5-beta/extras/TableTools/ I read the story. My comment was a reply to a comment (not the story itself) which I felt was germane. Combine that with the local paper and online/sms. Reading your comment, I thought it has something to do with cigarettes. Let them audit and consult instead. It sounds like 'leasing' rather than 'renting', both of which are different than 'buying'. No. The positive power of mockery needs to be embraced -- shame seems to have no effect. Not rivers, but aquifers: http://www.svtc.org/site/PageServer?pagename=svtc_silicon_va... Bah. "Never Mind the Bollocks" still sounds good to this day. Sounds like a jitney. Add in onboard wifi, the ability to request pickup via geo-enabled sms. Bigger question is how much would such a service cost to be profitable to run, and would people pay that much? And another successful adaptation to film (IMHO). That's the best part--you don't die. You might even live a little. Well, there is the issue of educational content... Please define how 'progressivism' equals 'spending into oblivion'. Does that include the 2 wars the U.S. has been waging for the last 7 years? Any employee intent on stealing company IP would likely do so before giving notice. How did you get the geolocation to work? It correctly noted I'm in the SF Bay Area but my IP address normally shows for Richardson, TX (thanks alot, AT&T). No. Apple is not the only software solution for mobile devices. Noted in the comments of the article is that less is moving to JavaScript. http://github.com/cloudhead/less.js Thanks to LSD? Perhaps to mental issues that already existed? http://www.instantrimshot.com/ But I wasn't saying it was risk free, just that it isn't fair to blame LSD for "damaging the mind" when the mind may already be damaged. The worst part of insomnia (for me) is that I'm too tired to do anything productive and that time is completely wasted. Yes freedom is good. Slander, libel, and shouting "Fire!" (falsely) in a crowded theater are bad. A delicate dance indeed. Yes, the union doesn't come off very well except for one interesting bit: the same workers and union went from crap to good when management changed. I have yet to hear a cogent argument against legalization. But this presumes that keeping it illegal prevents people from using it, and it clearly doesn't. Mandatory drug tests are common already (Home Depot does drug tests on all employees -- don't you feel safer about hardware?) People's performance are also impacted by stress, sleep deprivation, etc. - they should be monitored for performance, not blood chemistry. >It's certainly an area that needs a lot more research before legalization occurs. No it doesn't. It's safer than other existing legal drugs: http://www.saferchoice.org/content/view/24/53/ A gallery of loser stoners: http://coedmagazine.com/2009/02/06/the-10-most-successful-po... And if it is a concern about people's health, why is it treated as a criminal matter? How many drunks do you know? The articles are usually rather high quality (although it's been years since I've looked). It's too bad they don't sell a 'lite' version w/o the nude pix. Most milk is pasteurized so the heating step isn't needed to kill bad stuff. It does have another affect: it denatures the proteins and makes for a thicker and creamier yogurt. I wonder if there's a cross-platform solution for all of this I think it's called a "web browser". I was hoping that this would be an effort to transition the content from video to smart html5 markup. The lessons themselves are obviously valuable, but it would be nice to have it done w/ text, JS animation and optional audio. Just for a year. Why not focus on how to make stuff more efficiently locally, i.e., robotics? At least that could keep some manufacturing jobs local. Good idea. Make it a user selectable option. They're just words arranged in a particular order That ordering of words might actually convey some insights into life, love, and other such follies. Maybe in the act of memorizing it this may come through. I think that such a call should be relatively straightforward. A picture of a naked child is not pornography unless there is explicit sexual context, i.e., touching of genitals, etc. Otherwise, a naked child in a bathtub, pool or such activity is the picture of innocence itself. If there was doubt, bring it before a jury of one's peers as opposed to some back-room morality police. Alcohol has been known to cause people to do stupid and harmful things too, e.g., drunk driving. I quit many times in many ways, each time because I wanted to stop smoking. It was only when I didn't want to smoke that it actually stuck. Maybe that's too zen-like, but that's my story. Unless one is a chipper ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chipper_(tobacco) ), it's an all or nothing thing. Just let go. folklore.org would be a likely candidate. Currently only Apple but they say the intent is to expand its scope. More of a "tax and regulate", which is a step towards legalization. The fact that redbox was not a blockbuster development is final proof of why blockbuster should die. I think the real win would be to transform the video to html5: transcribe the text and drawings, add some basic "slideshow" like control of the text (syncing his narration to the text. The result should require much less cpu/bandwidth/storage. One could load up a new kindle with the entire contents and have one hell of a "magic textbook". A MacArthur award should be headed his way. Ack! left/right != communist/capitalist. I consider myself a progressive and am pro-capitalism. Try burning bibles and/or American flags down there and see how that goes. Fifth grade. My understanding is that it should be: Melinda Gates, Hero. When she connected the plight of many of the world's children to that of their own he got it. It makes complete sense to be legal (and even taxed and regulated). Religious fundies will never let it happen. Funnier still, I see it the opposite way: reddit discussions are, more often than not, more valuable than the articles themselves (although the s/n ratio is diminishing). Same is true for HN, but the s/n ratio remains quite high. They should first be able to handle their own data before asking for favors: http://www.infoworld.com/d/developer-world/anatomy-it-disast... Perfect example of such: TED Talks. I beg to differ: struggling to learn is not fun, practice and homework are not fun, learning something that seems pointless is not fun. Learning without the above constraints is fun. What? And give up show business?! In all fairness, without the return of Jobs that probably would have been ok. Robert Anton Wilson: The Illuminati Trilogy (rethink your thinking) Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal (very spiritual in its own way, but highly entertaining) There's a Thai restaurant in my town (Alameda) that claims to have "Largest Longest standing Carrera Track in the United States". I go for the tasty food but my kids are enthralled by the cars. http://www.homeroomracingcafe.net/ (warning, their web page will offend any and all web design sensibilities) Steve Jobs comes to mind as a perfect example (in the positive sense). If you're not trolling I'd love to hear why. I've yet to hear a cogent reason that supports your opinion. That's quite the jump. If you hadn't stated elsewhere that you don't consume cannabis, I would say that you are high. People use and abuse drugs. Get over it. If you actually do care about the impact of drugs on other people you should be focusing on making sure that any harm from doing so is minimized by: a. Creating safe markets for the production, distribution, and consumption of all drugs b. Providing education and health resources to make sure that users of drugs can make informed choices and get help when needed. There's also the issue of less sunlight in winter, therefore less Vitamin D. For git, perhaps, but subversion has Tortoise SVN which integrates nicely with windows explorer. And I just googled before posting, but it looks like it's been ported to git: http://code.google.com/p/tortoisegit I'm glad you don't live in CA. There is a war on evolution by the religious right. How is one to try to take that on without talking about God? But is has everything to do with the "debate" over evolution, i.e., if evolution doesn't exist how did we get here? It's maddening that this is even taken place, but it is. In the videos I've seen of Dawkins he's been polite, respectful, and very well spoken. I've seen enough mention of 3 & 4 on this site to say it fits in well with this crowd. I'd recommend checking out Philip K. Dick for science fiction worth reading (more on the nature of self than on rocket ships). 'Island' should be required reading, right along with 'Brave New World'. Bill Moyers is a respected journalist. You have some solid competition in this space: http://www.tableausoftware.com/ Let's all jump on the character assassination bandwagon! What I've read so far is that "No" means "condom failure" or how dare you not call me back: http://takimag.com/article/julian_assanges_honey_trap_thats_... Add some "Trash Talk" buttons and you've got a winner. There's plenty to be angry about. Or stoned. I hear it's a special kind of hungry. They are stealing content from instructables.com -- how is that excellent? It appears from the outset that Evergreen was operating in bad faith in accepting government stimulus, but they did have their back against the wall. China has dirt cheap labor, no pollution regulations and strong government support -- how can any US manufacturing survive against that? > But that has very little to do with classical banking I don't think anybody here is against that. I do recall that not too recently some not so classical banking organizations received billions upon billions of public funds to rescue them from their mistakes. Perhaps that might be a cause for revulsion? Yoshi's in Oakland CA is a jazz nightclub that is right next to the train tracks. IIRC, they spent over a million dollars to isolate the performance space. Bingo! The quality of the information is high but the presentation quality is, ah, um, has room for improvement. Transcribing the narration and converting the "chalkboard" to text/svg/flash/whathaveyou would be a huge win. Perhaps I'm naive, but with today's technology (GPS, processing power for scheduling, communications, etc.) and a modest investment in some more switching tracks (compared to high speed rail) why couldn't we saturate the bus? Because of geography and property rights this is pretty much a monopoly as a class of transport. And while the government's stewardship of rail thus far is not seen as a paragon of efficiency or customer service ( http://reason.com/archives/2005/12/01/amtrak-sucks ), the only way to make this work would be to have the tracks effectively nationalized. Class 1 Railroads of North Ameria http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Class1rr.png Not to be too snarky, but your profile shows you've been a member for less than a year -- complaining about the "new kids" is rather ironic. Now Apple just has to buy them and make it standard. Wii works very well -- it's unique and can be thought of as "we play together" and "whee! this is fun!" Sex too: VCRs and AOL definitely benefitted. I would downvote you if I could. Alcohol is plenty cheap -- use that as your model for what happens when a cheap and potentially addictive drug is available in society. Apparently the thread is too deep to reply to you directly: but yes, I have tried hard drugs and walked away. My brother was not so lucky -- he died of a heroin overdose. I have lost other friends to meth. My mother was an alcoholic who died homeless. Is that enough "cred"? I don't want to flame you but your attitude just makes me crazy angry. The drug wars have nothing to do with protecting people from hurting themselves -- it's just another tool for controlling the masses. I will return the favor and suggest that your attitude about this is rather naive. Drugs are out there. People will want to use them even if you don't. You cannot make them go away. The sensible "adult" approach to this is to legalize them all, tax and regulate the hell out of them and be prepared to help those that need help. Simple, cost-effective, and respectful of peoples personal choices. A submission like this is exactly what HN is about. Redbox is another example of their lack of vision. Indeed! Tablets have been around for years and suddenly there's an Apple logo on one and the fanboys act like it's some sort of technical advance.... What about java development? It doesn't always work out well. My city's entry into broadband was a colossal disaster that ended up losing millions of dollars: http://www.eastbayexpress.com/eastbay/the-other-shoe-in-alam... Fond memories of Ballblazer. An amazing creation for a ~2 MHz 8 bit cpu. There is the issue of BHA in can linings: http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine-archive/december... Child porn is the literal embodiment of a "think of the children!" tactic to erode civil rights without resistance. For ads, fine. That was the deal from the very beginning. But they do shut the doors on patrons who might. Almost. There's the little trick of getting establishment buy-in. Now they call it Ritalin. A wonderful slogan for meditation: "There's nothing to it" Why be efficient when you can get all the money you want anyway? You can't necessarily block information, but you can drown it in disinformation. This can be partially mitigated: http://stereopsis.com/flux/ Double dipping? Is that factoring in the sales tax that was never collected in the first place? Way to ignore the notion of intent when evaluating a "crime". I disagree -- I was referring to the "ultimate" intent of openness and transparency. Shall we focus on the intent of the Woolworth's lunch counter sit-in as a purposefulness to deprive white people of their midday repast? Edit (appending as reply chain is too deep): Thomas, I see you that your focus is computer security, so I can understand how you are focusing on the breach of security and not the end goal. Perhaps I'm naive, but from the posting this thread is discussing it appears that his intentions clearly are honorable. One observation that really bugged me: > The burden is now on technically-skilled users to find out how to get where they want to go. It’s hard to argue with this logic. There should be no burden. Good UI should be scalable to let the 95% in to do their thing with no thought and no worries, but "expert mode" should follow that same mindset while exposing details. The main daily newspaper in San Francisco had a front page article trumpeting a "takedown" of a child porn ring. I commented online that this was an advertisement by the government to encourage surrendering our rights to "protect the children". The reaction was pure hate for my posting because it was defending pedophiles (it wasn't). It felt like an angry mob that had nothing but revenge on its mind. This is why the efforts to destroy all privacy will succeed. For the kids. Yeah, that's it. What artful trolling! Likely all the interested partys already know this. I'd rather work smart than work hard any day. The "War on Terror" fits that bill nicely. But it demo'd so well! And what will pay for that vibrant, creative, interesting place otherwise? It's a joke -- Dell had said the same about Apple way back when. They can't help it, it's their nature. I'm reminded of this every time I leave a voicemail and have to listen to the lengthy instructions on how to use it -- not to be informative, but to up your talk time. And how does that make HP any money? I upvoted you. I would like to learn how to do REST "right", and (for me) it's easier to learn by playing with a working example that deals with "real world" issues as opposed to abstract snippets that only show how APIs get used. Any further insights/examples/pointers would be greatly appreciated. And how do your kids feel about this lifestyle? I was being snarky and trying to make a point -- that it appears to be a young person's sport that would not work for many in the world like myself: married, mortgaged, middle-aged, multiplied, minivan'd. edit: I wish I could do what your doing. In the meantime, I shall persevere in creating my solo startup in my "free time". Having no formal CS education (I consider myself a coder, not a programmer) I found your spell checker example to be intimidatingly beautiful. It feels like learning to play guitar and hearing Hendrix play: it's fun to do it but kind of depressing knowing I'll never come close. That's rather sanctimonious. edit below: ghoulish: 1. strangely diabolical or cruel; monstrous: a ghoulish and questionable sense of humor. 2. showing fascination with death, disease, maiming, etc.; morbid: ghoulish curiosity. 3. of, pertaining to, or like a ghoul or ghouls. sanctimonious: Making a show of being morally superior to other people. Steve is Apple. He created it, he saved it from death. There's only one logical reason why he would step down and people are mentioning that. It's too bad that your sensibilities are offended. Bah! I don't want ads that are fun. I want ads that are selling me things I want. #1 and #2 are still more of the same "social advertising" bullshit. The last bit is where it gets interesting. I'm in this position but I'm not going to let it stop me. The best lesson I've learned from HN is that I don't have to do it all myself (even as a solo founder). I need to learn how to outsource intelligently. Not there yet, but the wheels are slowly turning.... Kids grow up really fast, and there are no do-overs. I'm a progressive (or something like that) and I enjoyed your post and upvoted accordingly. I'm also a fan of Matt Taibbi but recognize that his hyperbole tends to distract from the message (he tends to channel the spirit of Hunter S. Thompson). Despite this, he's one of the few journalists out there who is actively taking on the greed-heads who are looting the US economy. I've looked at that as well, but one of the reviews scared me away: http://www.amazon.com/review/R33CBCI3HRGKDJ/ref=cm_srch_res_... Instead I'm going for exposure to any light in the morning and breaking the fast with a small snack. You are a lucky man to have such a wonderful mother, and to realize it as well. We are equally lucky because she did a great job with you and all of HN has benefited greatly from your contributions. I've taken note of what she has told you and will try do do my best to absorb and apply it to my own children. Peace to you and your family. e.g., node.js + coffeescript? Or use a bluetooth keyboard? I'm guilty of paying taxes to support it but beyond that I'm quite against it. The government doesn't seem to value my opinion on the matter. Like Oxycodone? His name is Robert Paulson. But they get free acupuncture and organic food! Shove it up your nose! http://www.doctoryourself.com/nasal.html It's been done: http://wonderpizzausa.com/ Oops. Bad example, appears to vend only pre-made pizzas. This one actually makes it from scratch: http://www.letspizza.co.uk/gallery.html Hollywood said the VCR would kill them. Then they said the DVD would kill them. They don't have the best track record in this regard... Occupy! They should definitely contact the police about that unlawful behavior. I believe the hype is for what it is shaping up to be, not what it is at this moment. Sounds like a job for Thorium Man! http://www.ted.com/talks/kirk_sorensen_thorium_an_alternativ... That was a point (iirc) in the linked video. Yes, it appears the all the required raw resources are there -- now we just have to do it. This has been on my mind as well -- my oldest child has just become a bookworm and I'm intending to get all my kids iPads this year if they can be more than just for games and movies. While strong AI would be nice, well crafted content alone could take one very far. Then add in what Khan Academy is doing for tracking learning and you might be 90% there. "Think of the children!" -- works every time. My sleep doctor advised taking less, and earlier (1.5 mg around 5 or 6 pm). Thank you! Here's another distraction you might enjoy: http://blog.opensourceecology.org/ (they're attacking the problem in their own way) Yep, but it's a shame that was the only option available.