amazon wants you to do so for advertising purposes, and this is particularly important given the implications of firefox's 3rd party cookie policy / dnt. Amazon is actually quite a large ad vendor: they allow you to retarget based on purchases and because they've run out of inventory on amazon proper, they buy on exchanges. Running a login system means they can track you around the internet, and this nicely dovetails with ff's new cookie policy since amazon will most likely be on of the sites you've visited and hence a permitted 3rd party cookie. This is a valuable dataset for an advertiser, and even more importantly, will allow 3rd party targeting to continue to work. This is also why fb / twitter / G run 3rd party login systems. Not to mention that doing tryout projects often swaps money for your most valuable time, ie vacation time. (For some reason my employers are willing to give me $10-$20k raises when I swap jobs every other year, but are unwilling to keep my pay the same and give me an extra 2 weeks of vacation, even though the latter moves the finances wildly in their favor since even $10k for 2 weeks is $260k a year, which I do not make.) Also, I've been interviewing. The experience bloody sucks. For example, and this is my hobbyhorse, graphs/trees are stupid. I've written a graph algo more advanced then binary search exactly once in a 15 year career. I got in an argument in the last interview because I knew cache clock costs for a Nehalem (if you miss and go to main ram, 198 cycles) and argued this meant you should always, if possible, use a hashmap. Anyway, I still get judged on my ability to write graph algos on a whiteboard. Sigh. So I have to study this nonsense for two weeks before every interview then proceed to entirely forget it again. Good thing Pincus sold off a bunch of stock [1] -- $190mm worth [2]. Even better, he sold it before the employee lockup expired [3]. Living like a boss == fuck you money in the bank, instead of locked up in a company like suckers (employees and investors). From the stock charts [4], it looks like it closed opening day at $9.50, Pincus and insiders dumped at $12, and if you're a regular employee w/ a 6mo lockup that presumably expired 16 Jun since the company opened 16 Dec 11, you've never seen a price higher than $6. ps -- dear employees and investors: your ceo dumping big blocks of stock is probably a negative signal [1] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405270230472440457729... [2] http://www.forbes.com/sites/nathanvardi/2012/10/05/zynga-kee... [3] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/07/31/zynga-insider-tradi... [4] http://www.google.com/finance?cid=481720736332929 updated to include pricing. Again, selling at 2x your employees == living like a fucking boss. This is probably vitally important for the kind of company YC starts but consider businesses that won't require you to do this, because retention is very very hard too. Retention is critical. What is your easiest, best hire? Continuing to employee someone you've already hired and who has worked well for you. Everyone complains about difficulty hiring and how expensive it is, but companies don't seem to do anything about it. How about proactively giving the sort of raises ($10-$20k) available by switching jobs? I used to work for a company that just whined about how hard hiring was while watching the median tenure of an engineer be 20 months. Not even to mention the 8 employees dedicated solely to hiring, so there went a quick $1mm per year as well. You should probably not use softlayer cloud; a very bright ops guy at scribd had a horrific time doing so. http://kovyrin.net/2011/05/02/cloudlayer-bad-story/ tl;dr: 3 monetization models, called as (i) coursera, (ii) university, and (iii) registered student. (i) coursera (pg 3): university builds the material, company monetizes it. 6 to 15% of gross rev to university: 6% for 3 mos, plus an extra 3% for every additional 3 mos the course runs (pg 28); plus 20% of gross profits. (ii) university (pg 3): university monetizes it and shares with coursera; the rev split (pg 28) is agreed on in a course development agreement for each individual course (pg 29). (iii) registered students model (pg 4): coursera appears to simply host material / run classes for registered students in the university. Other potential monetization (pg 40): certs to be purchased by end user; secure assessments (ie a test center); employee recruiting (employees can query perf by class); NB: employees have to send email through coursera and coursera appears not to share contact info; employee or university screening; human provided tutoring or manual grading; corporate/univ enterprise model; sponsorships; tuition fees Other interesting things: university keeps ip (pg 8) ps -- if anyone at coursera is bothered by this, I'll happily delete. Determinants are never actually used to invert matrices. In fact, I can't think of any computational math that even calculates an inverse matrix. It's both faster, lower storage (unless you invert in place?) and far more numerically stable to solve Ax=b by factoring A as LU/chol/maybe QR. Even if you had multiple b you would just save your factorization. In which bit of math do people actually instantiate an inverse? It's a hell of a lot easier when you're rich beyond belief; have access to the best legal counsel; have an enormous media platform; have access to lobbyists; have cultivated personal connections to legislators; can pick a very public fight which the NSA dreads getting dragged into; and can threaten obama / the democrats' link to a rich, donor heavy constituency. What John Kiriakou did took courage. What these ceos need is a hell of a lot less. edit: We've seen how these ceos can react when they care, ie when something threatens their income. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protests_against_SOPA_and_PIPA edit2: punctuation To fill in: post 1979 construction is exempt, and condo'd units require just cause eviction but have no controls on rent increase (my understanding is the landlord can arbitrarily raise the rent.) I'm not sure how TICs are covered. Source: I've sued a landlord for blatant violations of sf rental law, and at one point, had 5 lawyers involved. The experience sucked ass and, in practice, tenant protections in sf are tissue thin when when a landlord is malicious. also: Bryan is a former ibanker. I'd be shocked, shocked! to find out he's a mixture of stupid and venal. Also, any lawyer involved in a rent lawsuit against Bryan will hopefully find this article and it certainly can be admitted as evidence. IME: email is worthless. canned letters / faxes go in the garbage. A polite phone call may accomplish something. Better yet if you donated or voted for that politician. Even better if you phone banked. I called my representatives and told them they got $2700 plus several days phone banking from me last election cycle. If they don't get right on this, they're getting $0 next time; I'm not going to have to work too hard to figure out something fun to waste a saved $3k on. Oh, and if the above bothers you, support public funding of elections. He who pays the bills calls the shots, and all those companies profiting off surveilling the world make a lot of donations. Holy shit. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), the world’s largest software company, provides intelligence agencies with information about bugs in its popular software before it publicly releases a fix, according to two people familiar with the process. That information can be used to protect government computers and to access the computers of terrorists or military foes. Microsoft gives US military hackers and the NSA zero days to go hack people with. I think this helps explain Google's 7-day disclosure. Also, fuck microsoft . Running your mouth and trying to blackball people who don't give you 60 days while (presumably selling) those exploits to governments? Just amazing. Edit: here [1] is discussion of Tavis Ormandy / Google's new 7 day policy. I really wonder if this was partially driven by eg Microsoft's abhorrent behavior. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2013/5/30/4379004/google-to-make-cri... If you're in the MAPP program, you promise (on application, and presumably contractually upon membership as well), to: Do you agree to publish monthly protections derived from MAPP information only after Microsoft’s public security update release? I'm doubting the NSA / military hackers make, or honor, any such agreement. not really what does msft think they're doing with them? dude, an ubuntu point upgrade hosed wifi on a coworker's thinkpad within the last 6 months or so. These are not invalid concerns even for software developers. Honestly, a better way to describe freedom zero is perhaps maslow's hierarchy of needs for computing. works / performs required task is the bottom of the pyramid. So-called freedom zero is much higher. As far as I understand, the argument is that, by not actually reading emails or listening to phone calls, but merely observing who communicated with whom, they're abiding by the law but getting quite a lot of information anyway. I don't know what you can do about phone calls, but for emails, email clients could simply send a stream of emails at random intervals to everyone in our address books. If you encrypt the email it's easy to set an ignore flag. Thus actual communications would be masked. Governments already (and appropriately) legislate all sorts of things about software. * Some governments require windows to present a choice of web browsers. * Some governments require websites, operating systems, or programs to provide for accessibility to the disabled. Some governments also regulate information collection and sharing: * Some governments (including the US) regulate what information credit card companies must provide to consumers. * Some governments (including the US) regulate what info credit bureaus can collect, sell, require them to provide free copies on demand to those surveilled, and set up a framework for a dispute process. It's perfectly reasonable for governments, as an agent of the people, to create laws and regulations around what can be collected and how. And yes, code may have to go into browsers to comply. at a certain point, real hardware is called for, if you wish to scale. my experience: 1/3 the price, 2x the performance in softlayer vs a $97k/mo ec2 spend. Obviously specific to my workload, but you should at least benchmark on real hardware. Can we all agree that your point (while well taken)... is really really funny in light of the subject of this article? I'd say this was a pretty spectacular instance of just not working. I've mentioned this before, but I have a trendy skill, and one that has a higher barrier to entry than eg web developer. If a potential employer says, "so... x0x0. What we're thinking is that you burn a week of vacation time doing a trial project for us" my response is something like "hahahaha...bzzt. next" ml with a bunch of hadoop knowledge sf is worse than comically mismanaged; to steal a quote from Philip Greenspun, watching san franciscans play at running a city is like watching a group of nursery school children who've stolen a Boeing 747 and are now flipping all the switches trying to get it to take off. We came from nyc and were astounded how bad muni is. Two people who very happily lived without cars were forced to buy one then two cars to live an adult life in sf. How are you supposed to get groceries, run errands, go to the gym, go to the library, etc etc on muni when every errand costs an additional 60 to 90 minutes because of muni. When we lived in Haight, we could bloody walk many places in the city faster than muni could take you there. Taxis, even to valencia at 23rd, just don't come. And muni is not only glacially slow [2], but it's fucking expensive as hell too: For every mile Muni runs a bus in this city, it spends 9.21; comparable agencies nationwide pay between 0 and 3. For every mile Muni runs a light-rail vehicle, it throws down 4.37; comparable rail services spend between 2 and 2. [1] So -- we pay the most and get the worst services. Plus, I've ridden public transport all over the world and never before sf had I regularly felt physically unsafe on public transport. And the housing. Walk through the mission; while there's definitely beautiful victorians there's also a bunch of cheap shit, no more than two stories, thrown together for as little money as humanly possible in the 60s and 70s that we could tear down and replace with 10 story housing. And landlords are fucking amazing; we ended up in court with multiple lawyers because, for the low low price of $2200/mo, we expected the shower not to leak into our bed and the landlord not to steal electricity from our meter. When we lived in manhattan, people had landlord problems, but it wasn't par for the course. Here, amongst personal friends, roughly 40% have had just horrific landlord problems that ended up with police or court involvement. And the schools. There's a reason parents are driven out; it's because you either pay for private school or move to the peninsula and get good public schools for your taxes. [1] http://www.sfweekly.com/2010-04-14/news/the-muni-death-spira... [2] http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/30/us/san-francisco-buses-are... all I can say is, have you seen the existing housing stock in sf? It's not like that much of it is earthquake safe. And landlords have fought like hell to avoid retrofitting [1]. [1] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/14/san-francisco-earth... On what basis do you believe as content distribution technology improves, the percentage given to content creators will increase? This is in direct contrast to historical examples such as monopolies and amazon clearly wants to become a near-monopoly; further, even if the percentage increases, if the absolute amounts fall the content creators still end up worse off. See eg recent articles on HN about the economics of movies being damaged by the move from dvd purchase to $4 or $5 digital rentals. This crucially depends on merchants being comfortable sharing data. Data coops sometimes work and sometimes don't. I'd read the contract very carefully. And even if everything is on the up-and-up now, as the purchase of ghostery by evideon shows, it doesn't necessarily remain that way. For starters (and I haven't read sift's contracts), people tend to purchase things in spurts. Knowing someone just bought something on a merchant is incredibly valuable data. Plus this is amazing data for retargeting; amazon has built an ad business that is speculated to be well on the way to a $1B run rate [1] [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthof/2013/06/05/amazons-ad-... I think it's an open question if there will be enough online merchants that aren't {amazon, newegg, zappos} -- assuming that zappos has access to amazon anti-fraud tech -- to build a business on. They're not the only ones gambling there will be a large ecommerce ecosystem, but prime in particular has moved my online purchasing nearly exclusively to amazon. It is the first time intelligence officials have described which groups are reacting to the leaks. The officials spoke anonymously because they were not authorized to speak about the intelligence matters publicly Ooh. Gonna be holding my breath waiting for the Obama administration to diligently find these leakers. Unless -- and I'm sure this is coincidence -- prosecutions are correlated with in what light leaks frame the administration? Nah, couldn't be. I worked for one and it works very well. They build one of the most common electronic medical record systems plus a bunch of associated software. Any large client, in this case a hospital, hospital chain, or large ambulatory clinic, pays a $mm annual fee for the right to call and notify of a breaking bug and get engineers to issue a fix asap. Well, I believe two ways. First, I'm sure the contracts have penalties, plus hospitals have lawyers. Second, when companies spend tens of millions of dollars per year or more, they certainly talk to a bunch of current clients. If word gets around that your company screws customers it will throw a wrench in sales. There aren't that many hospitals, particularly if you view chains like kaiser as a single customer, in the US. this is one of my hobbyhorses, but recruiting really isn't that hard. If you're finding it hard, let me ask: (1) are you paying market salaries? (1a) are you really paying market salaries, or are employees supposed to join your company because you're a special snowflake (1b) even if you are paying market, why should an employee go to your firm? What is the upside to them for leaving a boss and company that they know? Because it would be really convenient for you, the hirer, is not a good answer. (2) do you make the interviewing process decent, or do you scatter caltrops in front of potential employees (2a) good employees do not need to crash study then regurgitate graph algorithms that your company never uses on the whiteboard. They also have jobs and value their vacation time and don't care to spend a week consulting for you (2b) how long does it take you to respond to resumes that come in? You should be able to say yes/no/maybe within 2 business days. Do your recruiters / interviewers actually read the cover letters / resumes? Last time I changed job a big sf / yc startup let my first interviewer roll into the interview room just shy of 20 minutes late without having read my resume. That's a complete fucking dick move, and it's part of why I turned them down. (2c) when potential employees send you github links, do you have an engineer actually bloody look at them (almost never in my experience) (2d) do you actually expend effort to meet potential employees / grow a bunch of warm leads, or do you wait until 3 weeks before you want someone to start then gripe because you can't convert cold leads in 1 week plus a 2 week resignation period for their current employee? (2e) do you use shit software like that jobvite bullshit that badly ocrs then expects me to hand proof their shitty ocr job? Or do you directly accept pdf resumes. (2f) for the love of god, I do not have a copy of ms word and wouldn't take one if it were free. I will not put my resume into word format. (3) do you take some pains to grow employees? Hire people out of university? Take a chance on people? (3b) Like one of my former employers, do you do a good job hiring new grads from schools besides stanford / berkeley / mit / cmu, but then 18 months in after employees have demonstrated their value refuse to bring them up to market rates and lose them? (4) when you send out offers, do you actually put out a good offer or do you throw numbers out that are 10% or more under your ceiling then expect employees to negotiate hard with you? I just turned down an sf startup because they did this; the ceo who hired me said, "x0x0: when I was an employee I hated negotiating, so I'm going to make you a great offer. This also means I'm not going to negotiate." And you know what? It was a great offer, and I said yes the next morning. It also avoids starting your new job after a confrontational exercise. (5) if you have recruiters contacting people, do you have them make clear they're internal not external? (5b) do your recruiters actually read peoples' linkedin profiles before contacting them? I used rails a bit 3 employers ago and had to remove that word from my profile because I got spammed with rails stuff. (6) do your job postings on LI/craigslist/message boards tell potential employees why he or she should work for you, or is it simply a long list of desiderata like the vast majority? (7) like Rand says, do you know off the top of your head the career goals of your employees? What are you doing to help them get there? (7b) just like the easiest sale is an upsell to a customer you have, the easiest recruit is the good employee you already have that you keep happy and prevent from leaving (7c) do you give your employees raises to keep them at or above market, or can they get a $20k raise by swapping companies? If that raise is on offer, exactly why should they continue to work for you? (7d) on that note... 0.2% of an A round company isn't golden handcuffs. It's more like paper handcuffs. The other thing Alex posted is firefox really gives you no indication of why the internet looks weird and is breaking left and right. So you can disable js or images or ssl and unless you're lucky enough to know a programmer or IT person really have no guide to undoing whatever happened. replying to myself: one more way apple simply makes better software: safari offers a simple reset option that seems to reset all browser settings. Now, this doesn't help in the case of a user not understanding what went wrong, but I can tell someone over the phone "click on safari -> reset safari" far more easily than walking someone through deleting a firefox profile while saving bookmarks or reinstalling firefox and creating a new profile. I don't like safari as a browser, but it's to apple's credit that they offer this simple option so I tell my mother / mother-in-law to just click reset if the internet is weird. thank you craigslist's position is pretty clear, whether they publicly admit it or not: they don't want, and will aggressively work to prevent, other companies attempting to bootstrap themselves off craigslist's content. I don't know why we have to all pretend we're shocked about this. craigslist is far from profit maximizing. That's part of why craigslist's users tend to love it. Let's take your $100m exit and do an example. Say you're granted .4% as an A round employee, 30% dilution for a round B, 10% dilution at a round C, then an exit so no round D gives a final ownership percentage of 0.4% * .63 = 0.252%. Say you worked there for four years, you get 100e6 * 0.252 * 1e-2 = $250k before taxes plus strike. Pretax that's a $62k per year spiff, and at best, with good tax advice, $50k / year after taxes. We can quibble about meaningful, but $250k is an ok down payment for a relatively modest $1mm house on the peninsula. We apparently have different ideas about meaningful. Most startups, even many claiming otherwise pay less than market. You could probably capture at least half that $50k/year in cash, particularly if you're willing to work for goog/fb/msft/etc. That doesn't even touch the variance of that payout. Also, in expectation and off the top of my head with your success statistics, that $252k is under $50k. There is a difference between effectively managed by the medical establishment and what Reagan / america did in the 80s. I'm at work and I don't have sources readily available, but my understanding is that many older gay people (those still alive) hate reagan and republicans specifically because they slow rolled the response to hiv. Much of America's response wasn't really pushed until the Clinton administration. So how much of the below is the legitimate difficulty of rapidly responding to a new disease is arguable, but I don't think anyone can make a real case that if a new disease had appeared in the 80s that affected straight white men that it wouldn't have gotten a much more vigorous response from the reagan administration/fda/etc. At bare minimum, by the first time reagan mentioned aids publicly, 20,849 Americans had died from it [1]. How he squared his conscience with not mentioning aids until twenty thousand americans had died is amazing. A brief history mostly off the top of my head 1 - reagan didn't care at all about aids until an actor friend of his died of it; 2 - the strong perception within the fda was that reagan didn't care about aids / didn't want anything done about it; 3 - reagan allowed his staff to delete a mention of ryan white from a speech; 4 - reagan didn't mention aids publicly until mid 1987 Writing in the Washington Post in late 1985, Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Los Angeles, stated: "It is surprising that the president could remain silent as 6,000 Americans died, that he could fail to acknowledge the epidemic's existence. Perhaps his staff felt he had to, since many of his New Right supporters have raised money by campaigning against homosexuals." [1] 5 - act-up, amongst others, fought with the fda about not just glacial drug approval processes, but also the fda denying access to experimental therapies even to patients without other therapeutic options; 6 - I don't remember this as well, but I believe hiv patients also had to fight the fda for early-ending of clinical trials, because they were insisting that people taking placebos should basically die So some of this is similar to why many gay people of the right age hate Ed Koch, but an aggressive intervention by the reagan administration might have saved many lives. [1] http://www.sfgate.com/opinion/openforum/article/Reagan-s-AID... 1 - nothing you said disproves my statements; that reagan had the word "aids" dragged from his lips during a press conference does nothing to change his record of disregard, contempt, and disregard of a crisis because he and his donors disapproved of gay people; nor does it change the fact that he didn't voluntarily mention it until 1987 2 - nor does a record of funding disprove reagan's intentional oversight; by 1992 aids was the #1 cause of death for US men ages 25-44 [1] and by 1994 the #1 cause of death for all americans age 25-44 [1]; the funding was wildly insufficient to mount a proper response. And were it not for reagan's homophobia and bigotry, a more vigorous response could reasonably have saved many more lives 3 - while it is true that federal policy doesn't hinge exclusively on what the president says, nice attempt to change the goals. The point was not that the federal government and medical establishment -- despite reagan -- did both their job and their moral duty, but that he intentionally hampered the response. I repeat: it's indisputable that if a disease affecting, well, reagan supporters had killed 20 thousand americans it would have garned a much more vigorous response, one which could be triggered and pushed by the president himself. For example, see the improvement in response under Clinton. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that AIDS was a priority under a president who isn't a homophobe. 4 - brent bozell is a proud homophobe; what a surprise that he manages to find supposed evidence -- though you shouldn't believe a thing he says without consulting a primary source -- finding that reagan didn't intentionally fail a group of americans reagan despised [1] http://aids.gov/hiv-aids-basics/hiv-aids-101/aids-timeline/ edit because i forgot the link you should check out http://0xdata.com/ ; it's built from the ground up on a custom dkv to do in-memory ML. Reasons to check it out: 1 - it's open source https://github.com/0xdata/h2o 2 - ingest data from hdfs, s3, csv 3 - I've built systems like what you're discussing twice; the ML algorithms are often easier to write than expected while data management (moving data, sending updates, etc) which initially seems easier is much harder. 0xdata handles this for you. 4 - under active development 5 - it cleanly runs on your dev box with 1 or many nodes for development; deploying is a simple as uploading a jar to a cluster and putting a single file on each naming peers in the cluster 5a - see scripts to walk you through doing this disclosure: I work on it as of very recently =P see also Keith Rabois' answer on the subject [1]; sorry for the quora link but it's worth it. tl;dr: reasons given to avoid ipo include lower speed/innovation (counterexample: apple), problems with short-term market expectations (cex: google), outside capital not required, maintaining a low profile, and sox compliance. Keith asserts that the real reasons are (a) incorrect assessments of above; (2) BoD issues, and (3) -- the important reason -- private company valuations are detached from reality and have been substantially inflated, so companies have to defer exits for years until their business can actually support the valuation. [1] http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-of-the-main-reasons-that-... Yet George Bush's presidency is widely acknowledge to be, well, a fail parade. Or perhaps we should go with by their works ye shall judge them. An (extremely brief) overview of Bush's presidency: * he waved off warnings of Bin Laden ("All right. You’ve covered your ass, now") * he turned a highly effective -- under clinton -- national disaster agency into a joke, at least in part by putting a failed horse judge in charge of it, then oversaw an ineffective response to one of the largest national disasters to ever strike the US (katrina) * he lost Bin Laden at Tora Bora * he and his chosen vp and sec state back channeled incredibly wrong information into the public, in part via the nyt, in order to sell a war with, well, people who had no weapons of mass destruction and who were uninvolved in 9/11; * by the by on the above, he fired the general (shinseki) who gave an accurate prediction of iraq war costs * Bush hired wolfowitz, who predicted the iraq war would cost between $10 and $100B (what's $700B and counting between friends) * Bush ignored, well, basically everyone who understood much of anything about the middle east in favor of a war which wildly destabilized a highly geopolitically important (oil) zone, while empowering iran So your link, in which the author writes, [...] President Bush's thinking has several problematic aspects: lack of intellectual engagement, cognitive inflexibility, need for closure, belief perseverance, confirmation bias, overconfidence, and insensitivity to consistency. These are all cognitive characteristics that have been studied by psychiatrists and that can be measured with at least some precision. However, they are all examples of thinking styles that are not tapped by IQ tests. Thus, it is not surprising that someone could suffer from many of these cognitive deficiencies and still have a moderatively high IQ. Bush's cognitive deficiencies do not impair performance on intelligence tests, but they do impair rational decision making. [1] is, in retrospect, incisive. [1] http://yalepress.yale.edu/yupbooks/excerpts/stanovich_what.p... thank you, that's awesome I think there are many reasons, some more rational than others. 1 - everyone is long housing, and sfbay has had major price swings. Buying a house caps what you'll pay. I lived in a neighborhood in sf where market rents for my apartment went from $2200 to at least $2700/mo in a little over a year and a half. 2 - the US, via mortgage interest deduction, privileges home ownership 3 - california in particular privileges home ownership by basically freezing property taxes 4 - rental stock in california is often complete shit. If you don't want to hear your neighbors walking or running the bathroom fan or etc... you probably need to buy a home. 5 - good luck finding a 3 bedroom rental, which is highly desirable if you have 2 kids 6 - if you have good credit, a $1mm house in the peninsula costs roughly (within $700/mo) what rent does on a similar apartment 7 - want to have a dog? Good luck with that in a rental. 8 - want to not have to ask permission for X, Y, or Z while paying $3500+/mo? Don't live in a rental. my god, it's like a republican freemarketer madlibs from a former employer who wants to stay anonymous, ec2 bill per month: $97k peak, softlayer: $26k. 1/3 the cost, 2x the performance. And let's not mention emr; a $15k/mo cluster in softlayer did something like 5x the performance of an emr cluster that was costing (and running!) $2k/day. in case you are unaware, first, see the perf difference in my previous post, and second, the public pricing on softlayer is a price ceiling. If you are buying multiple machines, even perhaps as few as 4 or 5 a month, you can probably negotiate a nice discount and certainly if you are renting 10-20/mo. Of course they will happily sell for the price on the site. their site makes it sounds like bgp is rerouting, but i'm still down yeah, with ambulances staged right outside when people keel over from heat stroke [1] So many ambulances responded to medical assistance calls at the warehouse during a heat wave in May, the paper said, that the retailer paid Cetronia Ambulance Corps to have paramedics and ambulances stationed outside the warehouse during several days of excess heat over the summer. About 15 people were taken to hospitals, while 20 or 30 more were treated right there, the ambulance chief told The Call. so just like disney, really [1] http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/19/inside-amazons-very... you say anti-scientific hysteria, I say reasonable fears regularly ignored by industry and whitewashed by an industry captured fda. example 1: bpa from the wiki article [1]: In 2006, the US Government sponsored an assessment of the scientific literature on BPA. Thirty-eight experts in fields involved with bisphenol A gathered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina to review several hundred studies on BPA, many conducted by members of the group. At the end of the meeting, the group issued the Chapel Hill Consensus Statement,[100] which stated BPA at concentrations found in the human body is associated with organizational changes in the prostate, breast, testis, mammary glands, body size, brain structure and chemistry, and behavior of laboratory animals.[101] The Chapel Hill Consensus Statement found that average levels in people are above those that cause harm to many animals in laboratory experiments. They noted that while BPA is not persistent in the environment or in humans, biomonitoring surveys indicate that exposure is continuous, which is problematic because acute animal exposure studies are used to estimate daily human exposure to BPA, and no studies that had examined BPA pharmacokinetics in animal models had followed continuous low-level exposures. They added that measurement of BPA levels in serum and other body fluids suggests the possibilities that BPA intake is much higher than accounted for, and/or that BPA can bioaccumulate in some conditions (such as pregnancy).[100] A 2008 report by the Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction within the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP), which is within the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, reported the results of its exhaustive review of the literature. Its conclusions, expressed relative to current estimates of general population exposure levels in the U.S., were the following: and yet bpa is still used. So when we hear that monsanto pinky-swears their experiments, even when they contaminate neighboring fields, are super duper safe, or orange growers promise up and down that, well, their genetic modifications they introduced to prevent their business from being destroyed are absolutely positively safe (we promise!)... forgive me for being skeptical. Not to mention the freakout about labeling foods; if they weren't knowingly poisoning us, why exactly would corporations be so very afraid of properly labeling foods? Any reasonable adult should have his or her bullshit detector going off when they are told gmo is absolutely safe, but it's the end of the world if we tell people which foods have gmo ingredients so that they can choose what to eat. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisphenol_A No I didn't and you misquoted the paragraph and accidentally (I hope ?) changed the meaning. What was actually said was: For adults, the Expert Panel has negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects following exposures in the general population to Bisphenol A you'll note that does not say "negligible concern" for adults, it says "negligible concern for adverse reproductive effects ". And you know what was never studied? General safety for adults under actual dosing as experienced in reality. Further on down the same wiki article, just one of many concerns: The authors found that higher bisphenol A levels were significantly associated with heart disease, diabetes, and abnormally high levels of certain liver enzymes Please. Jenny McCarthy is a fucking idiot. See the wiki article for evidence published in medical journals that bpa harms human beings. There's plenty of evidence to say it should be banned, at bare minimum until long term studies at actual dosing levels have been performed. I don't need you to decide for me what I'm allowed to know about what I eat. yes, please do! wah wah wah, I'm entitled to your free resources and work. How dare you take that away from me. You dicks. two things: 1 - I think (though perhaps I'm putting words in his mouth) jgrahamc's point is that dicking around with sites and tools and blah blah blah is, well, just dicking around and not actually writing; 2 - lots of authors I respect have basically said that the way to get good at writing is to write a lot, revise a lot, and be prepared for early writing to suck. I wish there where a shortcut. it also makes you wonder if the interrogees still get treated with kid gloves when they aren't relatively well off people with access to money (and therefore lawyers) and large publications/audiences with which to complain. First, you're expectation that Google will drop Dart is based on what exactly? A few SaaS product cancelations? The never rely on Google meme is getting so old, mainly because it's overly applied to Google when all SaaS providers have this issue, and it's been a known downside for years: when product support ends for an installed app, you still have the old installed app to use, when support is ended for SaaS users have a problem. I hope this can be mitigated one day, but that's a whole other topic. The differences with Google is that we have a ton of users even for our small products, and there's a single name to attach attention to, rather than the numerous shutdowns that have happened in other companies, or the startups that have bee bought and killed. No, the difference with google is they use their billions of dollars and monopoly/near monopoly status in neighboring markets to come in, underprice competitors for years to not only win users for a saas product but also to poison the market and drive all competitors out of business, and then close up shop and wonder why people are pissed. As for traction, if Dart doesn't get any traction (after it's actually released, and had a good chance to succeed of course), inside Google or outside, then it probably _should_ be abandoned, right? In that case, who exactly is there to care that it's not developed anymore? any suckers that built products on top of it? The FUD around Dart is just incredible. and it's apparently too much to introspect and figure out why people, quite rationally, are declining to trust google. can't wait to find out what new failure modes your new "but it's really safe guys... this time I promise!" reactors have I don't understand how people who keep bringing up that conventional power generation kills more people than nuclear ever has (yet!) get around having their nose rubbed in the fact that we haven't experienced a worst case nuclear incident yet and that we keep getting lucky and scraping past worst cases -- at least according to what I read about all those old fuel rods stored at Fukushima. People keep ignoring safety precautions and we keep getting lucky, but luck and hope is not an acceptable strategy when you can irradiate large chunks of countries as a worst case scenario. @SuperChihuahua: I can't find the articles now, but just one failure case is there were pools with spent nuclear rods in them that required active cooling. Failure to do so produces a plume of radiation straight into the air. Of course you're never supposed to store that many fuel rods, yet somehow safety wasn't important and there we where with tons of fuel rods in pools that required active cooling and no real plan for what to do if, say, we couldn't actively cool them. why, it's enough to make a cynic think that all the ceos running their mouths about the "shortage" of software engineers (software engineer defined as someone in the top quintile of developers who wants to live in CA for far less money than available elsewhere considering COLA and will therefore struggle to afford a home and who comes in with detailed knowledge of the systems in place at future employer and does not require much, if any, training)... were merely concerned with reducing the bargaining power of the handful of people that meet their filter. Naw, couldn't be. sentences: this judge, Ciavarella, got 28 years; the other judge, Conahan, who not only sold kids but also helped prevent use of the county's facility, got 17.5 years in prison; [2] Robert Powell, an attorney that passed the bribes and part owner of the facility, got 18mos in prison and $60k in fines (it is unclear how much he will serve), plus he gets to serve in Miami to be close to his family. He did apparently cooperate and wear a wire. [2] Robert Mericle, the real estate developer who built the two facilities, paid $2.15MM to fund childrens' health programs and will likely serve 1 year or even just probation; And then you read, from the wiki article [1], "Sandy Fonzo, whose son Edward Kenzakoski committed suicide after Ciavarella gave him a jail sentence, despite Kenzakoski's first-time offender status" and I sit here amazed. Millions of dollars of theft, bribes accepted not only for children but in cases as well, children sold for cash, children pushed into suicide... I'd say all of them got a slap on the wrist. The other thing, unremarked upon by the wiki article, is I wonder who else knew about this? Just like Annie Dookhan, who was faking drug test results in Boston and sent hundreds at least to prison, possibly tainting thirty four thousand verdicts, or Jonathan Salvador, who was doing similar things in texas [4], tainting five thousand convictions, I'd bet good money there where people who saw this happening. Did you read some of the convictions? "He once sentenced a teen to three months in jail for creating a MySpace page that mocked her school’s assistant principal." Many of these fucking pigs knew what was going on, knew how to fuck a kid who was mouthy or didn't kiss their asses and send them to the judge that would send the kid up the river. Moral: never trust a pig. from [4] Worse yet, the lab Salvador worked for knew he was doing a bad job for years. A DPS investigative commission found that Salvador was asked to correct mistakes in about a third of all the tests he ran. Periodic job evaluations noted that Salvador struggled with an overall understanding of chemistry and that his problems were very systemic and his work right on the edge of tolerable, though not catastrophic. It could probably be described as catastrophic now. Twenty cases have been overturned so far, voiding almost 160 years of prison sentences. If all of Salvador's cases are thrown out, which is looking more likely, the lost sentences will total more than 10,000 years. In Walker County, DA David Weeks has already given up. His office tried to retest evidence from Salvador's cases, but the results were haphazard, Weeks told the Hunstville Item. In a case where [Salvador] said there was drugs, there wouldnt be. And when he said there were no drugs, there were drugs. "Its clear that all the cases [Salvador] worked on are irreparably damaged, Weeks said. He's already making arrangements to expunge the records of every affected defendant. It blew up in our faces. I'd bet if anyone looked hard enough in the kids for cash trade, there were at best a bunch of other people not seeing what was plain as day in front of them. sources: [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kids_for_cash_scandal [2] http://citizensvoice.com/18-month-sentence-for-powell-kids-f... [3] http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2210168/Boston-state... [4] http://www.texasobserver.org/fake-lab-results-endanger-thous... [5] http://www.esquire.com/blogs/politics/The_Drug_War_Eats_Itse... edited: I accidentally clicked submit while still editing your comparison is stupid 1 - he's a multimillionaire. He can afford to offload lots of cooking (restaurants), cleaning (cleaners), childcare (nannies), loss of income (stay at home partner), shorten his commute (purchase a house close to work, put a gym in the basement) 2 - even with all of the above, I still bet his wife does a big chunk of the household maintenance and childcare come on now. Some chick says, 'Thank you for saying all the things I never do.' I say, you know, the thanks I get is to take all the shit for you. -Ani DiFranco, "Face Up and Sing" Given the treatment of Snowden: will never set foot in the US again as a free man Manning: given solitary just to fuck with him with no punishment dished out for doing so (a room full of military assholes all saying "I didn't give the order" and no responsibility nor punishment; he just magically ended up in solitary. somehow. it's a mystery.); he shared a video of US soldiers joking about killing children Gary Webb [1]: told us that Reagan (another piece of shit) was financing weapons with drug sales in inner cities, with profits sent to the Contras John Kiriakou [2]: told us that George Bush and the cia now torture detainees Who exactly is going to step forward no matter what the wrongdoing is? We ruin the lives of whisteblowers. If you want people to come forward, you simply have to not ruin their lives for doing so. Because right now it's clear what the price is for telling us what our government is truthfully doing. Hell, you could make the argument that what the NSA does is okay (I totally disagree), but CIA/president approved crack sales in inner LA. Amazing. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Webb [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Kiriakou That's because as you descend, the partial pressure of oxygen increases. You require somewhere north of 0.10 Pa02 for consciousness; at sea level you have 0.21 Pa02. So you can consume enough oxygen at depth that when you rise you grey or black out; it's common enough that if you take a breath-hold diving course they will train you to 1 - know how it occurs; 2 - dive in pairs (always one up, one down); and 3 - make sure you are weighted so that your body is buoyant by 20 ft or so. I think americans and russians both generally think the other country is more homogenous and more in control of their government than they are. To cite examples from US politics (because I'm American), we have many problems with the classic setup for democracy to fail: a few parties with concentrated benefits or costs and on the other side many parties with diffuse costs or benefits. Plus we have private financing of elections, and thus, as the joke goes, corporations have the best government money can buy. Hopefully Snowden will be allow to stay in Russia; he'll have fun learning Russian though; it's a difficult language (source: I spent 4+mos at mgu studying russian full time.) Those cost $57. http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/bits/2013/08/02/a-cheap-spyi... wait: so what I understand is that windows 8.1 will, by default, transmit all local searches -- including things like my ssn to find the file I keep my gf's ssn in, plus any of the other things that I currently type into spotlight to do a full text search -- to microsoft. These search phrases will be subject to a retention and sharing policy that no doubt amounts to dozens of pages of text written by lawyers with an eye to making it difficult to understand that can be changed at whim. And that can be shared, along with identifying info, with the NSA either through subpoena or asking nicely or flat out cash money. so what exactly is the fud? You didn't see the exact phrase go into their rtb so therefore it doesn't? because anybody who claims they think end users understand that any search phrase they type on their computer will end up being shared with advertisers and stored forever is a liar Frankly, it's a good reason never to touch a msft product. At least google has the excuse they don't charge their users; I wonder why msft's is? I think you shouldn't allow yourself to become too cynical, even when you see bad examples like the komen foundation. I have no doubt the vast vast majority of doctors and charity employees that treat or support leukemia patients would be delighted (in particular, I'd bet many volunteers have been personally affected) to declare victory and either retrain for different diseases or find another hobby. edit: for an example rather than a hypothetical, see polio edit2: also, if this works, an enormous chunk of doctors, medical researchers, and scientists are going to drop whatever they're doing and frantically attempt to apply this technique to every cancer one can think of wow. fta: Before New York regulators cut the businesses off from the automated clearing house system in early August, the payday conglomerate made short-term loans over the Internet that typically became due — with interest — on the customer’s next payday. Different U.S. states have widely divergent laws governing the interest rates that lenders are allowed to charge, and Brown often ran afoul of these regulations. He has been sued in several states for making loans with interest rates well above the legal limit, was the subject of a class-action lawsuit for sending thousands of spam text messages and was investigated by federal authorities. Brown was forced to stop making loans in Tennessee following a series of Times Free Press articles in 2011 and 2012 that showed he was making loans with an interest rate in excess of what the state allowed, and was doing so without a license. I kind of just want to point and laugh; apparently karma does (slowly) come around. you say flaky, I say assholes who don't respect others' time. And way to move the goalposts re: your friend would be happy comment. I think what would have made his friend happy is to be treated with respect. Similarly with your bitterness comment; it's not bitter, it's letting the world know you and your colleagues believe it's right to treat people this way (because if you all didn't think this was ok, then you wouldn't do it). I'm embarrassed to admit that in one of my first interviews I was asked to code bubble sort and choked for the first 30 seconds (it felt like a lot longer) until I reminded myself "I can do this" and sort of got back into things. I'd be tempted to disagree that this is such a big factor but it happened to me on bubble sort . not to mention that physics can 1 - (mostly easily and cheaply) run experiments 2 - is described by a stationary distribution, unlike most of economics the question is are we more or less brutal than we used to be? Remember the good old days -- you know, when Reagan authorized crack sales in LA to finance war crimes after congress explicitly banned any money going to the contras? the big question, then, is what happens to bing? I remember it still not being profitable; if the next ceo cuts it, then who competes with google or does G just get handed the US and European search engine markets? is there anything like AppleCare+ -- 2 replacements for $49/ea? do you really believe that 20 minutes of time wasting on hn per day somehow translates into a significant amount of dev work that I could have done but didn't? I don't know the particulars of the claims, but I do know that: 1 - the wsj is barely distinguishable from anti-government propaganda, so they're worthless: any claims they make need to be verified with first party sources before belief; 2 - this happened: Pediatric gastroenterology specialists responding to the survey reported more than 80 children with magnet ingestion. Most patients required endoscopy to remove the magnets or surgery to repair damage to the bowels. Twenty-six children had bowel perforation; three needed major surgery to remove a section of damaged intestine. [1] [1] http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/09/120904100844.ht... ad hominem : rolleyes : known liars make all their analyses useless: you can't tell what crucial facts they elided or what quotes they selectively quoted; it's worse than uninformative, because you have to question every fact presented and go dig, as I said, for a first-party source to verify. oh, and if we're discussing a certain emr company in madison... in the beginning, in the 70s or so, ram was very tight and the source was interpreted, not compiled; variable names were shortened to save memory. So the oldest core routines have single letter variable names variables aren't declared; when you use a name, the interpreter just travels up the call stack looking for somewhere that variable is defined. so if you accidentally use the wrong name, especially with the strong bias to very short variable names, in nested enough code you will find that variable. This led to some amazing bugs the prefix of the command to delete a node in the internal db (really just global sparse arrays) deleted everything. A coworker fat fingered that in a customer's prod systems and took down a hospital chain you've heard of. I just heard him wail, "Oh SHIT" and sprint out of our office; I later found out he ran for the recovery team. they also had 15mm lines of vb6 oh, and they love h1b slave labor. Bring them over, abuse them, threaten to fire them if they don't work their asses off, and leave them with no transferable job skills. I presume the ceo uses her billions to salve her conscience. ok, but what on earth do you do? Your site is just as details free as your post the burj khalifa got to 2700 ft http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burj_Khalifa I dunno about criminal, and nokia seems like an incompetent company (the smartphone market was theirs to lose and lose it they did), but I have to stand amazed at a couple players. Elop is returning to microsoft and Mark Penn, strategist from the hillary clinton presidential campaign, will be running marketing. Those two sure have the gift of failing up. starting at the dickwolves comic and jumping to open hostility towards victims of rape is a giant leap fwiw, penny arcade also banned booth babes and generally seem reasonably feminist my guess is that Gabe was taken aback by the (imo over the top) attacks against him and that comic by feminist bloggers and is simply going to blind in this area from now on. nonono the lawyers get $10k for each of us we get an expiring in one year coupon for a free ice cream cone with purchase of $20 and of course, they have absolutely zero such obligation please don't ever design anything for people to use you're breaking the 0.01% use case at the expense of the 99.99% use case. maybe the 99.999% clearly you've never had a coworker that pitched a fit when it was pointed out that watching his kids (and trying to hold meetings over their screaming and racing around) is many things, but work it ain't that "solution" is, basically, ridiculous and not adopted for good reason. A quote from Michael O'Church I quite like: Let's say that you have 20 tasks. Each involves rolling a 10-sided die. If it's a 1 through 8, wait that number of minutes. If it's a 9, wait 15 minutes. If it's a 10, wait an hour. How long is this string of tasks going to take? Summing the median time expectancy, we get a sum 110 minutes, because the median time for a task is 5.5 minutes. The actual expected time to completion is 222 minutes, with 5+ hours not being unreasonable if one rolls a lot of 9's and 10's. This is an obvious example where summing the median expected time for the tasks is ridiculous, but it's exactly what people do when they compute time estimates, even though the reality on the field is that the time-cost distribution has a lot more weight on the right. (That is, it's more common for a 6-month project to take 8 months than 4. In statistics-wonk terms, the distribution is log-normal.) Software estimates are generally computed (implicitly) by summing the good-case (25th to 50th percentile) times-to-completion, assuming perfect parallelism with no communication overhead, and with a tendency for unexpected tasks, undocumented responsibilities, and bugs to be overlooked outright. [1] The point is, you are unable to know the worst possible outcome. Since it will have huge input into your average, your average is therefore useless. Perhaps the project isn't specced fully enough and, during implementation, a dev discovers an ugly or impossible feature interaction. You now have to either cut features or rearchitect another feature, ie the dice come up 10 in Michael's analogy. An example from my background: I work on ml code. A learning algorithm was written in parallel with a particular loss function (essentially, this tells you if your estimates are good or bad). The person writing the spec assumed that a different loss function could be dropped in later. Indeed, this is how the math works on paper. But loss function number 2 required a different data layout between the machines. The vision was writing a new loss function should be one or two lines of code dropped into the middle of a hot loop; the reality was it took almost a month of work. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3522910 echo "my quote" | fold -s -w 77 | sed "s/^/ /" append pbcopy if on a mac: echo "my quote" | fold -s -w 77 | sed "s/^/ /" | pbcopy When conducting 702 FISA surveillance, the only information NSA obtains results from the use of specific identifiers (for example email addresses and telephone numbers) used by non-U.S. persons overseas who are believed to possess or receive foreign intelligence information. Foreign terrorists sometimes communicate with persons in the U.S. or Americans overseas. In targeting a terrorist overseas who is not a U.S. person, NSA may get both sides of a communication. If that communication involves a U.S. person, NSA must follow Attorney General protects the privacy of U.S. persons. The collection under FISA section 702 is the most significant tool in the NSA collection arsenal for the detection, identification, and disruption of terrorist threats to the U.S. and around the world. also, to address the lies you're spreading: I have no idea about 702 fisa surveillance, but what we do know is: 1 - the nsa collects intelligence 2 - if you, as an american, communicated with a foreigner, you're fair game. 2b - if you, as an american, communicated with an american who communicated with a foreigner, the nsa collects your communications. 2c - if you, as an american, communicated with an american who communicated with an american who communicated with a foreigner... the nsa collects your communications. 2d - why yes, if you're observant, you might think this is virtually every american. 3 - if they accidentally collected your, as an american, communications, they keep it. "Accidentally". 4 - since all pigs are liars, they distribute this to, amongst others, the irs and the dea, along with a guide to whitewashing where the information came from. So the dea can, what do you know, pull over a random van for a busted tail light or not signaling a lane change or signaling a lane change to early or just cause they feel like it -- there is always, 100% of the time, a reason for a cop to pull over a car if they want to. Then they randomly find drugs! Who knew, must be just a coincidence! [1] The undated documents show that federal agents are trained to recreate the investigative trail to effectively cover up where the information originated, a practice that some experts say violates a defendant's Constitutional right to a fair trial. If defendants don't know how an investigation began, they cannot know to ask to review potential sources of exculpatory evidence - information that could reveal entrapment, mistakes or biased witnesses. I have never heard of anything like this at all, said Nancy Gertner, a Harvard Law School professor who served as a federal judge from 1994 to 2011. Gertner and other legal experts said the program sounds more troubling than recent disclosures that the National Security Agency has been collecting domestic phone records. The NSA effort is geared toward stopping terrorists; the DEA program targets common criminals, primarily drug dealers. It is one thing to create special rules for national security, Gertner said. Ordinary crime is entirely different. It sounds like they are phonying up investigations. [1] 5 - yes, regarding #4, all pigs are liars, and this would be lying directly to the court. Not that they will be prosecuted for it. 6 - since this already migrated from "omg terrarism" to drugs, you may wonder where it will end. tip: it won't just be with drugs, it never is. [1] http://news.yahoo.com/exclusive-u-directs-agents-cover-progr... I believe SS benefits are indexed to earnings; if she had spent 2.5 decades earning $25k per annum her ss benefits may have been quite low it's worth noting that $25k pretax (and note $25k seems to have been a high), even at a modest tax rate, could easily fall (post income, fica, etc) to $18k post tax. Or $1500/mo. medicare should start shortly after the 65th birthday, but people still have to buy Part B and either part C or D. afaik part B requires a typical 20% contribution; this can be quite painful if you're living / attempting to maintain a house on $1500/month old age is no picnic, particularly in the usa, and that goes double for people who don't have significant savings btw, the official federal poverty line in the us for a household of 1 is $11,490. pretty fucking shocking. [1] [1] http://www.familiesusa.org/resources/tools-for-advocates/gui... where on earth do professors get paid $200k+ with a variety of perks? I call complete bullshit. Unless you're discussing eg harvard, stanford, or yale; or law schools, in which case you should say so. btw, salaries at UW Madison (top 15 cs) used to be on the web. They are nowhere near $200k most of the adjunct employees don't, actually, have health care and many of them don't have other jobs, unless you count eg starbucks. hell, is there any part of your statements that are informed by data rather than being pulled out of your ass? The author is claiming a one independent variable regression explains something. Starting with ommitted-variable bias [1], I don't think this shows much. The author only looks at high-tech companies which had raised a Seed or Series A round AND which had exited and where an exit valuation was available a bad analysis does not create meaningful information. At bare minimum, to gain any real insights, you need to include startups that failed. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omitted-variable_bias and since it does nothing like dispel the notion (see, again, omitted variables)... what exactly does this contribute again? so let me share this -- I've watched prominent HN users (top 10 leaderboard) attack a user's company because they disagreed with that user's posted opinion about software. Given their willingness to drag employers into a pissing match, not posting under your real name, or at least making it difficult to find, is perfectly rational. crossfit is a scam. People go to crossfit to become more fit. Since they are presumably novices, how exactly are they supposed to evaluate the instruction they receive? Crossfit, as implicitly admitted in your post, is perfectly willing to allow poor and dangerous instruction to be sold with their name, as long as the cash keeps on coming. and this: If you go to a gym (CrossFit or not) that programs things that expose you to to any kind of injury, then you should absolutely leave. when you later call those people dumb is really amazing. Yes, they are dumb for trusting people like you who sell dangerous coaching with the crossfit brand. You're willing to associate with crossfit and turn a blind eye to how other crossfit coaches hurt people who trust them. Wow. But let's play along. Which other OTC medicines could being forgetful and accidentally taking a second dose cause death? Not to mention it's hidden in other medications which require careful label reading to discover. fta: "The 4 gram per day recommended dose is also the maximum safe dose, one that must not be exceeded, an unusual situation for any drug, particularly an OTC drug, one placing a large fraction of users close to a toxic dose in the ordinary course of use," the report said. that sounds like something extraordinarily dangerous to be handing out OTC and allowing companies to bury in other medications requiring people to be very careful to not accidentally double dose. the difference, unlike cancer, is we know how to nearly completely prevent those 150/year (and 70k associated hospitalizations)... it's just it puts a big dent in a private company's earnings and we have the best congress that money can buy. fta The German government reported four deaths from acetaminophen poisoning in 2010, the same year the CDC put the American total at 321. The U.S. population is four times that of Germany. Germany has strict controls on acetaminophen. You mean like (what I would call) illegal detainment and warrantless searches of David House, simply because he is a human rights activist and was raising money for Chelsea Bradley's defense? [1] The pigs stole his laptop and usb drive for more than two months, and took a copy of a supporters list. There was no reason to believe this man had anything to do with Chelsea or was doing anything but raising money for her defense. [1] http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/05/govt-agrees-to-de... dangerous or a threat to whom exactly? Pray tell, to whom was Dr King a threat [1]? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.#FBI_Sur... Do you have any idea what you talk about? gitmo is actually full of people whose crime was to piss someone in off, get handed in for a bounty, then get caught in the middle of Republicans rousing their inbred base by opposing trials. From the wiki article: "The Center for Policy and Research's 2006 report based on DOD released data, found that most detainees were low-level people who were not affiliated with organizations on U.S. terrorist lists." [1] One example: "The U.S. offered $5,000 per prisoner and distributed leaflets widely in the region. A perfect example would be Adel, a Chinese Uighur and dissident who had been sold to the US by Pakistani bounty hunters" [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guantanamo_Bay_detention_camp#D... so to be clear, you're soliciting applications, including on HN. People are spending their time to create cover letter / resume / send an email. And you can't be arsed to reply to that email. Got it. sure, but when people deliberately lie in order to gain millions of dollars, I can't get that upset when they get 6 months stuck in their house he, and statisticians at his company, knew or should have known what he was doing was wrong. This stuff is covered in the first inferential stats course taken as an undergrad. as part of the apple-samsung lawsuit, apple produced apparently incredibly business sensitive licensing agreements, some of which where with Nokia. In order to avoid samsung using this to their advantage/letting samsung go on a fishing expedition, the agreement was apple's documents would only go to apple's lawyers and samsung's external legal firm. Samsung's external lawyers had a duty to avoid giving this knowledge to their employers. Since lying and cheating are pervasive ethics at Samsung (see: recent benchmarking results), Samsung of course got their hands on a copy of this agreements in order to help negotiate negotiate their own deals with Nokia. Nokia told the court. Samsung and their firm and busy lying to the court and hiding. However, the court has subpoena powers. At minimum Samsung's external legal firm stands to be censured. Or you could view it as a collective action problem which the french government is solving. Which is one of the reasons for government in the first place. Actually, perhaps you should google "tragedy of the commons" because you appear not to believe in such things. With the exception of Apple and Motorola, literally every single OEM we’ve worked with ships (or has shipped) at least one device that runs this silly CPU optimization. [1] http://www.anandtech.com/show/7384/state-of-cheating-in-andr... as Dickens said: Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen [pounds] nineteen [shillings] and six [pence], result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery. Particularly as a startup employee, you have to understand your job can just disappear on short notice. Having 6 mos of living expenses in cash and more in general investments is one of the best feelings; I know that virtually no matter what goes on with my employer I have plenty of time to find a new job. ps -- yes, you too can save money. For example, I use a crappy android phone on a cheap plan and don't have cable. Those two choices alone save me roughly $2k/year; over 10 years that's $20k. I'm not saying those should be your things, but I bet you've got something. You can simultaneously think that what Joe is claimed to have done is totally and utterly wrong and that doing body shots and allowing back rubbing and head kissing with coworkers, let alone supervisors, is incredibly stupid. yup, newsflash to all the idiots in the world: google and facebook aren't doing anything for free. blue_beetle is still right: “If you are not paying for it, you’re not the customer; you’re the product being sold.” Unless I misread entirely, your price is $39/mo. That's just not happening for personal email. I value my time, but I already have a vps and you're charging $500/year. And I'm even willing to pay for email; I already pay $2.50/mo via tuffmail. oh, cool and, you know, actually relevant given the thriving ios app business and wide deployment. Unlike microsoft phones and tablets. in machine learning, as soon as you stop using linear models which are normally quite fast to compute, models will be as slow as you can tolerate. for example: random forest, gradient boosting, gam, etc -- you will typically do parameter searches and the models you get are as good as your willingness to wait. Good software will run at a significant fraction of memory bus speed and the faster that bus goes the better your models will be. maybe so, but Cory's post says (minus the bullshit): All the claims are totally correct, but we tried super duper hard (though we sure as hell aren't going to put our money on the line if we're wrong) to make this secure. And if we don't keep this up, or if we do get hacked? Ain't our problem. Its a response that doesn't address most of the criticisms and attempts to deflect them into an argument about how supposedly secure their systems are instead of addressing the concerns about the system period. And not only the post but the linked privacy policy consist entirely of weasel language. eg: Do you store my email or my password? LinkedIn servers will temporarily cache information in order to provide you with the fastest service possible. Here are the full details: During installation, the servers temporarily cache your password in order to add a new Mail account to your device. Your password is only cached for the length of time it takes to install Intro, and never for more than 2 hours. Typically, your password is cached for no more than 1 minute. During usage, the servers may temporarily cache your emails in order to make emails download faster. When your device starts to download a mail folder, such as your inbox, the servers will pre-emptively download and cache recent messages in that folder. A few seconds later, when your device downloads the individual messages, the servers will provide the cached messages. Your messages are only cached until your device downloads them, and never for more than 1 hour. Typically, your messages are cached for no more than a few minutes. All cached information is held securely to industry standards. Each piece of data is encrypted with a key that is unique to you and your device, and the servers themselves are secured and monitored 24/7 to prevent any unauthorized access. where someone not an asshole would answer "yes" perhaps, if you are so concerned about privacy, you shouldn't be using the site period; are you now going to claim that the site owner has no right to see how people use their website? but oh! google is happy to sell that data I've never gotten a raise worth mentioning at a company, but I've twice gotten > $15k cash raises switching companies. Now why the hell would I stay at a company in lieu of $15k cash; if it's stock options, they'd better be taking off like a rocket ship. One former employer, with (guessing) a median employee duration of 15 months, would complain endlessly about how hard it was to hire. It was frustrating to see really good employees already trained on a very complicated internal hadoop variant walk out the door; somehow, the dedicated team of 7-9 recruiters (including managers) costing probably on the order of $1mm/year fully loaded; countless hours of engineering time phone screening and interviewing; and the opportunity cost never made management pay people what they could get elsewhere. UP3214Q : 41,899 $HK = 5404.01 $US but say I want a smartphone, what is my alternative? google, who works harder and harder to sell everything I do to advertisers (now you can't even rate apps w/o a google+ account), and who just shut off transmitting search data so they can screw site owners for more $? microsoft, who is a party to this and actively worked to make the internet worse (and succeeded!) for the better part of a decade? or apple, who at least isn't run by and for advertisers? all choices suck you're preaching to the choir please don't parrot nonsense like "responsible" disclosure; it mangles language to normalize behavior these companies want (what's the opposite of responsible? Not letting companies sit around and procrastinate while users are or may be being exploited is therefore irresponsible.) I'm not necessarily saying people shouldn't disclose first, but labeling it as responsible is grating. Lots of people in thread are discussing about becoming a primary contributor to an open source product. I think there's an easier way, and it worked for me. I found a company that builds an open source product, applied, and impressed them enough to get hired. This seems far more direct. edit: there is a downside. My job frankly isn't much different than many other software jobs; it just so happens that the output is open source. I still have a boss, we still have company priorities (though I help set them!) and strategic goals, etc. I don't get to just fuck around and work on whatever I want. So you should be careful: if what you want is the latter (work on whatever you want, get paid), you probably need to be someone like Linus. That said, the project I work on is damn cool and my job is better (for me; I don't think jobs are good but rather the tuple can be good) than almost anything else I can imagine. edit2: I'm unfortunately not listing the company name because there are some real dicks on HN; you can probably figure it out if you're really interested but please don't post it. you mean any political process that happens to threaten someone with a big enough mouthpiece to declare it terrorism no the dev doesn't Mike, in his own words: I went through the app, listed out the bugs I was finding for each component, mocked up a couple small graphical changes, and sent them over to the developer. bugs are covered under a fixed price contract. Changes aren't. And Mike is a marketer / photographer; do you really believe he has any idea of the difference between a "small graphical change" and something that requires a code change? The developer is at fault only for agreeing to any changes without a price increase. And thus the classic problem with fixed price contracts: when I've done them I've been really clear with clients that no changes are included. Bugs yes, but every change is a renegotiation. Now often the lines between those two are a bit blurry, and I try to give clients the benefit of the doubt. But I bid to a very specific spec, and what can seem like a tiny change often goes against the grain of assumptions built into the code and is anything but tiny. To a person, clients agree then whine down the road when guess what, that change is a price increase. Sigh. The answer is to not do fixed price; it just sets you up in a very adversarial relationship with your client. Plus, well, if you pay bottom price you get bottom quality. s3 seems great for scaling out storage, but I'm sure there are gotchas. I work in a very different area, but my experience with ec2 are you should drop what you're doing and immediately price out leaving. Roughly: for big hadoop tasks, ec2 is a horrid environment. The boxes are slow, flaky, and shitty; the network is slow and super shitty; and everything about the experience is ass. Oh, and the emr admins are assholes who push broken code; code that couldn't even have run once . These assholes, after issuing us a hotfix to a boot action, proceeded to change the path to the hotfix (without mentioning it to us), breaking our production clusters twice in in 30 hours. I guess I hold a grudge but I like sleeping. The point is emr and perhaps ec2 are complete amateur hour. Quoting myself earlier: from a former employer who wants to stay anonymous, ec2 bill per month: $97k peak, softlayer: $26k. 1/3 the cost, 2x the performance. And let's not mention emr; a $15k/mo cluster in softlayer did something like 5x the performance of an emr cluster that was costing (and running!) $2k/day. I'm not kidding about 1/3 the cost and twice the performance. And this wasn't even with rack/switch local boxes, which would improve performance even more. Vince -- I don't want to piss on your parade, but I've worked for dishonest people and it's never worked out for me: every time I've done it I've come to regret it. You may want to start looking... Good luck. unless there is something new in the latest release of osx 10.9, what on earth are you talking about? Also, apple sells google the right to be the default search engine on ios (see eg [1]); this is very different than selling your search queries or results. For instance, when you get a google results page, only the very stupidest could be unaware that, well, google knows what you searched for. [1] http://bgr.com/2013/02/11/google-apple-ios-default-search-1-... yup. science gets the software they deserve: industry not only (ime) pays somewhere between 2-3x as well, but companies like engineers and view it as prestigious instead of labs where you are viewed as the help. Even if the results coming out of the lab are completely dependent on very sophisticated computer programs to produce. how? Are you in the habit of hiring without knowing the criteria for success in that role? Is the candidate supposed to guess or read your mind? As a candidate, I always ask what would make my future boss count hiring me an awesome decision. Also, it's really interesting when different interviewers answer the question differently; I've been in the middle of a job I quit after a year where different decision makers thought the role should be different things, and it sucked. bs. companies implement the most important things first. now maybe canonical is running to implement searching other stuff as a fig leaf -- oh guys, no wait, we weren't just doing this to sell your local searches to advertisers. but if that weren't the purpose dropbox and google drive would have been the first implementations. 350x on what possible workload? how do you speed up i/o bound workloads -- are you offloading compression/decompression to the gpu or something? It's not that they will paper over problems a child has; if you read other sources they will outright lie. I also recall reading, unfortunately an article that I can no longer find, that China and Russia would often give severely challenged children to US adoptive parents. The article also emphasizes that the US government, both federal and state, offers virtually no help to the parents and highlights a case where the parents where threatened with prosecution because they couldn't handle a child that had physically hurt one of their other children. There is plenty of blame to go around, unfortunately, but it really highlights the almost complete lack of mental health care available in the US and the lack of help for parents who have very damaged children, whether adopted or not. look, when your opponents are the sick pieces of human shit who exploited Terri Schiavo, there is no common ground to be had. Republicans like people to die as painfully as humanly possible, and the medical industry will cooperate. My experience was my father dying from cancer. There was no question he was going to die, and the only remaining questions where how soon -- tomorrow or in a month or two -- and how painfully. first, that price is almost certainly negotiable, particularly if you call and say "i'm running a ton of light vms for some strange reason" second, I think, at least for me, what bugs me is the massive entitlement on display. God forbid devs who built an awesome piece of software get paid; instead, dude whinges on the internet that he might have to gasp patch and compile an rpm or fork out some money. The horrors! I haven't been impressed with mine unfortunately. Issues: 1 - the display doesn't get dim enough; it's too bright to read in bed next to a partner 1a - this is INCREDIBLY annoying: at the lowest brightness, the display flickers. Noticeably. 1b - I repeat 1a 2 - slow charging times 3 - it's not quite wide enough to read technical pdfs comfortably. Also, the software available to read pdfs generally is not particularly good. Ebookdroid is the best of a bad bunch. On the bright side, it can invert colors for reading in bed. However, it still isn't particularly good at finding the content in pdfs formatted for other screens, boxing it to exclude eg page numbers or headers, then filling the screen with just content. Anyway, I found the slightly wider screen on an ipad mini better for reading pdfs. ymmv; if I where just reading kindle books and not reading in bed I'd probably like it better. Also, I'm over 6 feet tall and have big hands, so I find the mini comfortable. Again, ymmv. Julia has a lot of rough edges. For example, the dataframe support is primitive. Type issues show up all over the place; for example, if you extract a column from a dataframe, then combine it with other columns via [], it sometimes fails if the column you extracted is first and succeeds otherwise. Saving matrices is still really primitive; nowhere near as good as R or matlab. In julia, you still have to remember what you put in the file and how big it is. Nonetheless, julia is awesome and if you haven't tried it you're missing out. It's pleasant to work in in a way that numpy + python isn't. It's a higher performance R, one which has a hope of scaling to the sizes of data I want to use. You can almost always write in matrix notation then decay to loops if necessary. a toy irls implementation looks like: sigma = function(X) 1/(1 + exp(-X*beta)) end beta = zeros( size(X,2) ); max_iter = 50 iter = 0 converged = false while iter If you haven't tried it and you're an R or numpy user, you should give it a try immediately. Lots of people seems to use ipython or ipython in the browser to efficiently use the repl with code. I prefer tmux with 2 windows; vim in the left, julia in the right, and vim-slime to move code over. What Ben did seems to be a message to women that they don't belong and aren't welcome. Whether you like it or not, that is how many women (and men as well) interpret the use of gendered pronouns. What joyent did is say Ben is an asshole. They aren't the same thing. Part of creating an inclusionary companies, industries, and associations is removing the default assumption that engineers are male, and language is a critical way that presumption is conveyed. I googled. It appears bad breath is (mainly?) due to the presence of hydrogen sulfide and methyl mercaptan [1]. These are mostly not produced by s.mutans but instead by gram-negative bacteria. otoh, S. salivarius K12 appears (and it being studied) to produce substances which inhibit s. mutans and the gram-negative bacteria [same article]. [1] http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=beat-bad-br... (I'm not an engineer). I a similar article; iirc android phones could be owned by plugging them into a hostile usb connection. I wonder, though, if you couldn't produce a simple adapter that just drops some of the pins? Maybe I don't know enough about usb. Yeah, they're responsive after negative stories draw peoples' attention. So if you can hit the top of HN or you're Jeff Jarvis (see dell hell) you'll get ok customer service. If not, google wants you to gfad. thank you jdietrich butthurt isn't slang for rape, and you don't get to decide what the community understanding of the meaning is. Which is someone unreasonably upset. source: my understanding, peer understandings, and every post on urbandictionary no it isn't. Lying to the court is nothing; it has to rise to the incredible level of prenda for anything to actually happen to the lawyers involved. i'm sure that this guy whiningly (not a word, but you get what I mean) continuing to use gmail... will really show google I think banks are in deep trouble whether they know it or not. Google won't be able to compete -- their attitude towards customer service is to drop trou and shit on their customer. It's annoying enough when it's your email, but if I where to move $10-$100k of cash to them I would expect to pick up the phone and get a human being empowered to make decisions on the phone. I've been on the wrong side of their customer service enough that I actively try to prevent relatives and friends from depending on anything google makes. Amazon, however, loves coming into medium to high capital requirement low margin businesses and destroying the competition. I'm actually a little surprised they haven't been more aggressive here. The small credit unions that can offer local service and actually answer the phone may survive, but what differentiates citi/bofa/wellsfargo/bancorp etc? Not much that I can see -- unless you're a high net worth individual, there's little reason for most people who don't eg have international banking issues to bother with them. I've been a customer of a local credit union for nearly 5 years. In that time, I've entered a branch exactly once: when I opened my account. I've opened new accounts, had my credit card stolen, gotten fraudulent purchases refunded, purchased a car via a loan, refinanced another loan, and gotten a quote for a mortgage mostly online with a handful of phone calls. The other fix is also very simple: death penalty for any business that sold a certificate delegation that is stolen. A little blunt, but if selling these represented the potential loss of millions of revenue, companies would pay more attention to it. We should all kill ANSSI certs. I'm tall. When I fly for business, I get extra legroom / business class or don't go. sfo -> nyc: i'm giving the company an absolute shit 16 (round trip) hours of my life. So they're going to pay some money to make me less uncomfortable, and if that's a problem, I don't go. Bosses tend to react poorly to flat out refusal to travel except when it's reasonably comfortable but that's their problem. If making me miserable (and unproductive; I can't even fully open my laptop in coach) to save $700 is a problem, then fuck 'em. since that is the truth: yes a guess: studios realized leaving drm on for music meant perpetual apple lock-in for consumers. Eg my so has several thousand songs that before drm removal could only be listened to on an ipod. I would not be surprised if capitalism ends in the united states in our lifetimes, either peacefully or through violence. Consider the rapid onset of robotization, creating a largely unemployed (and unemployable) populace, with the intersection of current republican party attitudes towards the nonwealthy, which I think can be mostly summarized as "fuck you I got mine". You may find a book called "Does Capitalism Have a Future?" by Immanuel Wallerstein, et al interesting; I did. But a favorable alternative may be quite likely: the institutional transformation from capitalism to a noncapitalist system of political economy—an institutional revolution—could come about through peaceful political process. If the crisis of capitalism is severe enough—a majority of the population structurally unemployed, robots and computers doing almost all the income-generating work but owned by a small number of wealthy capitalists, the economy in deep depression—at some point a political party could win electoral power on an anticapitalist program. Some governing party or coalition would have to replace capitalist production, distribution, and finances with a system that redistributes wealth outside the system of labor market and profit-taking. re-excerpted from: https://www.salon.com/2013/11/24/millennials_rise_up_college... book: http://www.amazon.com/Does-Capitalism-Future-Immanuel-Waller... another distributed open source ml library: http://0xdata.com ask if you have any questions I still think it's weird. 0 - they claim this can be done around a fulltime job, but some people in the thread disagree from experience. Plus, I have a very fulltime job, and particularly come winter, I am busy every single weekend. Your job 1 - $25/hour is almost worse than $0; it's a fraction of my consulting rate. 2 - I, like many engineers, am not hurting for job opportunities at the moment. so that's the thing that scares me a nsa official just did an obvious trial-balloon of pardoning snowden in exchange for return of all the docs [1] but now that snowden is in russia, you have to assume that many nation-states have seen all these docs. so really, the nsa is worried that you and I will see them fucking amazing [1] http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/15/nsa-edward-snow... I learned to program in 8 bg -- in 1990, 8 years before google. My technical references where a single c++ book and later a borrowed (a teacher at school knew an engineering professor at a local university) copy of msdn on a pile of cds in a box. My parents where not programmers; few people where at that time, and my parents didn't know any. I wouldn't have internet access for another 5 years, and when I got it, it was over a 56k baud modem. But valleywag's point -- in the new, unfortunately Owen Thomas less incarnation -- is to find a quote from an engineer or executive associated with silicon valley that could be construed as sexist, or racist, or discriminatory to someone (and no worries if said quote must be taken wildly out of context) then pitch a fit about it. For a perfect example from [1], see [2]. So Nitashu happened upon Paul wondering about the low presence of women in the engineer pipeline and it was perfect. They are people who stole the fox news business model and pointed it at silicon valley. Even when the complaints are legitimate, there's plenty to complain about in the valley, but characterizing us via the worst examples you can find is their stock in trade. A good 2014 resolution is to stop hoping Sam or Nitashu will turn into Owen and to ignore gawker. [1] http://pando.com/2013/12/26/look-whos-gawking-inside-nick-de... [2] http://valleywag.gawker.com/twitter-employees-dont-talk-abou... google may be 30% women overall but I would be shocked if that where true of engineering; Rachel of rachel by the bay definitely didn't have that experience Only morons like the economist would look at the US not being interesting in getting involved in a war in Syria -- where we would have to choose sides between an evil regime and al-qaeda -- and conclude "This betrays both a lack of ambition and an ignorance of history." In fact, it betrays rather a good grasp of recent history -- see both Iraq and Afghanistan. Maybe America has finally learned to beware Republican assholes volunteering your (but not their!) children for war. One can dream, anyhow... I take your point, but if you earn $23k/year you aren't paying over 50% in tax. Particularly post eitc. Hi. I'm a hp warranty victim; an so's old laptop had 3 year next business day support. On three occasions those lying sacks of shit made us mail it to them for a week at a time. Don't believe it; your "next day" warranty is just a donation of beer money for hp execs. She single biggest disappointment of the ACA is how few people understand what could be passed in the american system of governance, which combines a huge number of veto points with the republican party that plainly couldn't give a fuck less about people unable to afford healthcare. That's really silly. As a candidate, I require 3 weeks of vacation (because life is short, I want that, and I won't work for you otherwise.) If that's not on the table, I want to know immediately; I already have a job that meets my requirements, so no need to bother with yours if it doesn't. As a hiring manager, I offer 3 weeks of vacation; if that isn't enough for an employee, I need to either figure out if we can negotiate a special deal (someone super awesome, or maybe reduced salary, or who knows) and if not, I don't want to waste time with a candidate we won't hire. wow 7 days a week and canned for a day off? That should prompt anyone with self respect or integrity to walk out the door and drop emails asking for help or pointers with the codebase. if we're willing to posit the existence of unwritten software that makes simd work from ocaml or haskell, we could also just assume the existence of C that checks memory accesses for zero cost also, I think you may be able to do reasonably well with icc and not much assembly 1 - If a tenant loses a job and can't pay the rent, that contract isn't worth the paper its written on. You can't practically collect money someone doesn't have. Even if you collect a judgement, and sell it, you'll be lucky to get 20 cents on the dollar. Not even mentioning your time, court costs, and legal costs. Those may be recoverable, again, but practically speaking they're gone. The number of tenants who actually have the ability to pay and don't is, in my experience, very small. Few people wish to fuck with their housing situation. 2 - we just went through a rather unexpected bout of widespread unemployment 3 - the author appears to not have verifiable income streams (ex rent) with which to service the mortgage. If you are unaware, at least in markets I'm familiar with (and I have some familiarity with this), newly purchased rental properties rarely cover the mortgage + taxes + maintenance. You often expect them to be cash flow negative for some period. Which doesn't even begin to mention the risk of not finding tenants. Or the tenants not paying. And even in the latter situation, depending on where you are, it can take many months to forcibly remove them. 4 - basically, the author just switched from w2 to self-employed and therefore has no history with which to demonstrate his self employment is anything but a fantasy. If he had a year of demonstrable self-employment history, he probably would have been fine. His complaint, in general, seems overwrought. 5 - and again, in case anyone has forgotten, we just went through a bout of systemic risk due to banks selling mortgages people couldn't service combined with people overestimating their ability to pay. Therefore, even if he is stuck in the cracks, this is the price of insuring a lack of systemic risk to the system (for which the US taxpayer is on the hook), particularly when banks just demonstrated you can't trust them to properly underwrite mortgages. 6 - credit != ability to pay. You can get very good credit simply by taking small loans and paying them on time. In my experience, those two things aren't well related at all. Note you also may make $250k/year, forget to pay a small medical bill (which is easy to do), get sent to collections, and have a credit score in the 600s. 7 - in the history of tenants we've had to evict (thankfully very few, and not all for nonpayment of rent), several have had very good credit Do you? apple maps just led us 18 minutes out of the way just this weekend . It's apparently incapable of leading people to restaurants just off 80 in Auburn, CA. When we gave up and used decent software -- ie google maps -- it got us straight there. we could all really use a better email client, but as discussed to death in the sparrow threads, the app store has reset software pricing perceptions. People will now bitch endlessly about having to pay the princely price of $10, which theoretically comes with free perpetual upgrades. This is down from the $50-$100 people used to pay for each major version of an email client in the 90s. While this may be good for pocketbooks, it has also probably destroyed desktop mail clients for non-enterprise as a market for a software company that wants to pay landlords or mortgages in something besides appreciation. castro is really pretty small; I think you're better off as a gay man in nyc. that plus bravery and the (correct?) hope that the police and military will basically be unwilling to pull triggers a handful of tanks and people willing to fire on their fellow citizens would probably rout the protests end up in prison and beaten (did they cause her spinal issues or just prevent treatment?) craigslist is a perfect counterexample. I'm not sure if this will be true for snapchat, but network effects probably dominate. that's hard, but wow the author sucks. His/her spouse is driving their kids around under the influence? 1 - see a lawyer and start documenting; 2 - dtmfa I received an item from amazon that didn't match the description. It was supposed to be a spray bottle of mineral oil to kill plant mites. When it came it was just the oil, but not in the spray bottle. I emailed amazon to let them know and said I didn't want to return the produce since I had a spare spray bottle; I just wanted them to correct their catalogue. The csr thanked me, said he or she would contact their catalogue team, and (unprompted) refunded 1/2 the purchase amount without my asking. This is part of the reason I made 35 purchases last year from amazon. it's not where you start, it's where you are in your 30s, particularly when you start thinking about starting a family or owning a home. This is a very expensive place to live, and having 1-2 roommates and still paying $1200-$1600 a month gets old. if you want to have 2 kids, you're staring at a $600k+ condo, or a $1mm+ house; 2 cars; and daycare so you can both work. Plus 9% CA income tax. Oh, and if you ever want to retire, you're going to pay the state $1200/mo of rent just to be allowed to continue to live in the home you fully own (ps: don't take this the wrong way, I understand the state needs money, but $20k+ a year between property tax, insurance, utilities, and a handful of repairs is hard to budget into retirement.) A couple I'm friends with just left to move back to MI. One was a developer with a masters from a top 10, making $140k. The partner was an account manager and made $90k, for a total of $230. The engineer took a paycut to $105 and the partner took a paycut to $60, for a total of $165. However, you can buy a pretty nice home for $350k; they live near family to help with daycare (saying $400/week for infant childcare); and taxes are lower. It's a much better deal for them. And again, to own a home, they need $100k+ as a downpayment and still have a housing/income ratio of 600/230 for a condo and 1100/230 = 4.8 for a detached house. Compare to MI where they have a housing/income ratio of 350/165 of 2.1. That makes an enormous difference in your financial lives, particularly as you think about savings, retirement, paying for college, etc. So there is no "should" here. It's what do people need to be paid to live in an insane housing market with a busted ass public transport system, when there are far cheaper deals available elsewhere. yeah nonsense like this makes me think google is begging for either a competitor or regulation and 1% or skim taste like dirty water This post, I think, makes 2 mistakes. First, sf and the valley simply don't pay engineers well enough. This is the second, striving to become the first, most expensive housing market in the united states. $150k sounds great here until you look at that as a fraction of your housing cost and compare to anywhere else in the country, including manhattan (because unlike here, nyc isn't run by morons so they have functioning transportation systems). I don't want to just quote myself, but all this still applies: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7195118 Second, immigration is a crutch to get around paying domestic employees enough. I see net emigration from the valley amongst experienced engineers in their 30s who start having families and can find better financial lives elsewhere. If companies paid well enough that moving to the bay area wasn't horrid financially, they'd find plenty of software engineering talent already in the united states. But consider my friend above: $165 total income in the midwest is (compared solely to housing cost) equivalent to approx $450k here, when holding (housing costs / post tax income) constant. edit: not to mention, companies still don't want flexible employment arrangements or remote work. I'm a data scientist and I'm good at my job (proof: employment history, employers haven't wanted me to leave, track record of accomplishments.) I'd rather live elsewhere. 66 data scientist posts on craigslist (obv w/ some duplication, but just a quick count) [1]; jobs that mention machine learning fill search results with > 100 answers [2]. Now check either of the above for telecommute or part time. Zero responses for remote or part time workers. So again, employers want their perfect employee -- skilled at his or her job, wants to move to the valley enough to take a big hit to net life living standards, doesn't have kids, and doesn't want them (cause daycare or a nanny or an SO who doesn't work is all very expensive.) [1] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... [2] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... to summarize: you've written a handful of latex documents, so you're now an expert on what latex is used for and what people want out of it. would it help to point out that given latex is more difficult to use than word, I'd bet most latex users have tried and discarded word in favor of latex? Would that affect your judgements about the relative use cases? There's people out there that think that the power in typesetting that LaTex has is mutual exclusive with the speed and usability that Word has. That just isn't so. Since, well, nothing else offers similar typesetting plus mathematical notation / flexibility, your proof is... what exactly? If you built a better system, you'd find customers for it. I haven't seen it, and I'm an experienced data scientist, a seemingly high demand specialization. There's plenty of demand, for people who want to live in sf or the peninsula. I'd rather live in Tahoe or slt and work remotely, but nobody offers that to a first approximation (cl data scientist [1]; telecommute [2]). If you want remote ML people, contact me. [1] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... [2] http://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/jjj?zoomToPosting=&catAbb... At some point vacation is far more important than salary; two weeks is unworkable. Both my and my SO's families are in other states, so one 3-4 day trip to each family plus 1-2 personal days to take care of typical life stuff and you've blown through 10 vacation days without a vacation for us, since visiting family is nice but not all that relaxing. Also, founders massively overrate the value of the lottery tickets they're dispensing, at least until the bay gets so bubblicious that banks accept options as payment. no, it isn't A strong denial: "Absolutely not" What he wrote (in part): First, let me be clear that Intel doesn’t participate in the NSA programs described in recent news reports. Intel does not participate in anyone’s efforts to decrease security in technology. We don’t provide methods for unauthorized access to our products….we don’t create back doors. if it takes you 44 words to say "Absolutely not" my money is on you lying. caveat: hiring bonus is taxeable, so you can't expect to net 60-65 percent; reimbursed relocation expenses aren't per my understanding so the company has to boost the hiring bonus by 2/3 to get you to where you would be otherwise I wonder if the necessary transmission origin data wasn't recorded? I bet the fbi is right now going through boeing's network trying to figure that out though. Is it bounced through satellites? You'd think a XXX million dollar plane would have a gps beacon or something though, just like atm machines. It would be a miracle if it where hijacked and there's even a chance those people are alive. I'm the son of a parent who died well before I graduated high school. I hate to say it, but $500k isn't nearly enough unless you're in a very low cost of living state. Even if the surviving parent makes a good wage, you will have a surge of childcare expenses. And if the surviving parent wasn't the primary earner that's when you really need the insurance. The thing lots of people don't consider is that you may not die from a car accident where shit just happened. If someone should be unlucky enough to get cancer, you may face several years of illness with not only reduced income or disability pay but an astounding amount of money spent on medical treatment. Just for starters, insurance will not cover eg childcare for young children while parent #1 is sleeping at the hospital while parent #2 is recovering from surgery or chemo or radiation or whatever it may be. From my experiences as the oldest of several kids, $1mm is really the minimum and it's worth a quick talk with an attorney to not only have (1) a will; (2) a written discussion ahead of time of what you want to have happen if you or your SO should ever be severely injured (see eg the Terri Schiavo debacle); (3) a discussion of who you would like to have raise your kids should both parents be injured; (4) tax avoidance strategies should someone die early. These are all unpleasant things. The other thing you may find shocking is how long it takes to get a death certificate issued / the challenges getting access to accounts held only in a single name. Maybe our experiences where unusual but you should not be surprised if it takes 3-6 months to get some of these things sorted. Not to mention the surviving family are usually an emotional wreck. and so it starts when the people who respond with death threats, rape threats, and other sorts of abuse are welcome members of a community, it is indeed that community's fault. A community of actual decent human beings would blacklist people who act in these ways. viz eg weev and Kathy Sierra it's not a threat, it's a progression as a manager, the conversations go like this: 1 - please (do/don't do) X. Hopefully this takes care of things. 2 - I said (do/don't do) X. why the fuck are you (not doing / doing) X. Now I'm unhappy, but again, hopefully this is the end of things and the employee starts doing / not doing X. 3 - (and this is what parent was talking about; I now have an employee refusing to do what I said and not providing good reasons for said refusal.) Now the conversation is: do / don't do X again and you're fired. it isn't a decision, it's laying out consequences. Now, between steps 2 and 3, when I become aware of the doing or not doing X, I'm now moving on to the point where I have to give pretty blunt orders. I'm going to make sure my boss and potentially a peer or two, depending on which teams this employee works for, are aware of the situation and are ok with what will happen; I think that's what michaelt is talking about. There's also, obviously, a query for extenuating circumstances that they are but I am not aware of. And their line manager would have followed up with "if I even hear a rumor of this happening again, you'll be fired for cause". Because such harassment is, per my understanding, illegal, and can create enormous problems for the individual, manager, and company. Not to mention incredibly unethical. I have to say, I'm really disappointed. Unless the allegations are somehow made up -- which seems incredibly unlikely -- this is an enormous lapse from a company I use and admire. Not only did the founders, at least in public appearances, all seem like decent people, but they had one hell of a success story. I also liked their seeming tolerance for remote work and support for people like Julie who tried to make our industry more welcome to women by doing instead of just talking. All in all, I'm really saddened. I've had enough flakers and hagglers that I now post warnings in all ads: 1 - I refuse to hold anything (first person to show up with cash takes it) 2 - no haggling on the spot; I'll turn you down on principle It's a fucking hassle. I buy a new macbook every 12-18 months and craigslist the old one (and the same with phones). I take good care of my hardware and carefully point out any scratches or nicks in the craigslist listing. People still try to knock you down 10% or 20% when they come. from marc's blog: * Throughout the eBay board’s process of divesting Skype, I fully disclosed my potential interest and recused myself from all deliberations on the transaction, including all discussions, negotiations, and decisions. I was uninvolved in eBay’s decision to spin off Skype and in eBay’s decision to choose to partner with the Silver Lake syndicate. * eBay’s retained ownership in the Skype spinoff was 30% vs. Andreessen Horowitz’s approximately 3%. That much larger ownership gave eBay a far bigger role in decision making on Skype after the spinoff than Andreessen Horowitz, as well as a far bigger economic payoff on the sale to Microsoft. http://blog.pmarca.com/2014/03/03/my-statement-on-ebay-director-role-and-governance/ Ebay retained 30%, so we're really arguing over 70% of the gain that didn't go to ebay. And some of it was always going to go back to the founders because Meg Whitman is a fucking moron -- she not only bought a company without buying the backing tech, but then proceeded to fuck over the founders, screwing them on over $1B, who retained ownership over the backing tech. No cause for bad blood there! Leadership! Anyway, it does seem a little sketchy, but on the other hand, marc seems to have acted well within established business practices. that's the only way to look at it; Icahn is a thieving sack of shit. Look at TWA: Icahn got fucking paid no matter whether TWA succeeded or failed. I can maybe see how these leeches ought to get 1/2 billion dollar payouts if they come in and rescue a company, but 0.5B when they ruin a company? Heads I win, tails you lose. their behavior, particularly said behavior's effects on others Yeah, but here's the other side of the coin: I've worked with parents (and shared a boss) who always dumped shitwork off onto the people w/o kids. Last second travel to customers, late nights, bugs that trigger support SLA requirements, emergency fixes, etc. And then, amazingly enough, proceed to whine that they don't get the same raises or promotions. I agree our work environment is hostile to people's personal lives, but when parents use their kids as an excuse to get out of doing their share, instead of advocating for better work life balance for everyone, the reaction of the childless should be completely unsurprising. I just shared the actual evidence -- my experience of several years. Do you have a reading comprehension problem? That's hardly the only example, and I think it's better to say so-called disruptors provide a service preferable to some consumers. Many industries create negative externalities and government regulations force them to internalize some of those costs. Hotels are full of loud, annoying people; we stick them in certain parts of town only. Or many industries are a form of cost pooling. The US decided that we want to have reliable mail delivery. The post office (which does an amazing job as compared to the vast majority of countries) uses the profits from short routes and urban centers to subsidize expensive and/or remote routes. Of course a business would love to come in a cherry pick the profitable routes. We -- rightly -- don't permit that, because we wish to have universal mail delivery and this is how we've chosen to pay for it. Reliable city-wide taxi service is probably similar; I don't know if uber et al are just cherry picking the best / most profitable routes, but I wouldn't be surprised. (And don't get me wrong, I love uber -- at least in sf, it's a taxi that actually comes . Amazing! But still, service guarantees are important, as are flat fares to/from airports, in part to avoid screwing tourists.) And this doesn't even mention tax revenues; I know HN tends towards the glibertarian but the simple fact is if we, as a society, want nice things someone has to pay for them. A (big?) piece of many of these controversial startups' innovation seems to be thinly disguised tax avoidance (amazon, airbnb). I actually think disruption tends to be neutral at best. Cities, especially dense urban living, are a large set of compromises amongst many people, and valley companies often have little respect for that. hmm; if you're such an ai company, i'd love to hear from you so please post =P that seems believable, but it also seems like I'm seeing more and more listings on airbnb who aren't selling an experience; they're just buying or renting properties and generating sales through airbnb. That is, there is no experience; it's just a (much nicer, better managed) alternative to vrbo / homeaway (not that that isn't desperately needed; trying to rent a seasonal ski home in tahoe is just begging for disruption because the experience is generally somewhere between shit and awful). Sorry, but that's nonsensical. 1 - virtually no supposed 5x or 10x programmer makes even 2x more. If people are really 5x, why on earth don't I see $300-$500k salaries? Particularly given the fall in communication costs ala Brooks, it would be an enormous win for employers 2 - at least in the bay area, there would be tons and tons of highly qualified candidates if moving to the bay area wasn't a financial nightmare (cost of living is horrific and the pay doesn't come anywhere close to making up for it); and if buying a decent 3 bedroom home and having kids didn't nearly require winning a startup lottery -- or at least enough for a good downpayment to get to a conforming mortgage. 3 - I'm in my 30s, and in my cohort of developers I know a number (all of them very skilled and in high demand in the bay area) who have moved to the midwest or austin because financially they're so much better off 4 - the majority of complaints about unavailability of developers, particularly in the bay area, are after the fact justifications to (1) cover employers not paying salaries commensurate with the cost of living, and (2) the ability to import (cheaper, more easily controlled) h1b labor 4a - with a side of companies ducking their responsibilities to america, the state they are in, and their communities to help create the employees they need. Now obviously I don't think 1-4 person startups have any such responsibilities, but somewhere between that and google/fb/hp companies have responsibilities to their communities and countries that bay area companies in particular almost completely duck. For example, why isn't facebook or google, in lieu of whinging about difficulty hiring (while illegally restraining wages, ain't that beautiful) running hacker schools themselves? It couldn't be because they'd rather let someone else pay for it and cherry pick the winners (saving money two ways)? You say talent, I say a lack of tolerance for bullshit and asshole driven development (ADD). ADD is the boss who waits until deadlines are nearly here to drop work on you (he said he does it because he thinks last second pressure creates better work. I think it creates unnecessary stress and sloppy work. Quit that job with a quickness). Or perhaps it's just the willingness to stand up and say, "Your bad planning is not my problem". Of course there are real emergencies occasionally but the vast majority of last second panics are completely preventable by competent people. Long hours shouldn't be a regular requirement. I thought I recognized your name; you're the dtrace guy! I know a group of engineers who work on a very high performance (500k ops/second) distributed system running on hundreds of nodes that have an unofficial church of dtrace. It's the debugging tool of choice for when weird shit happens. it's not very obvious when you look at the amount of service specific code, training, and learning for developers and opps that goes into committing to one of these iaas providers google appears to create products via the shit and giggles method, with concomitant level of (non)commitment. it's an incredibly fair question to ask if this doesn't move the needle by becoming a $1B+ business inside a year or two, is Larry going to more wood fewer arrows it out of existence? And what would that do to any company with a couple person-decades of work poured into gce apis and services and internal training also, if larry where smarter he could directly address this, eg: "Come hell or high water I promise google will support this business for a decade"