That's a fair comment. I must admit that it's specifically Kevin Rose who uses that term a lot. John. 28. John. I agree with PG on this. I'm trying to fix this problem with Wildfire: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. I know of at least one company that uses this as a way to determine the growth of their competitors. They simple poll weekly and understand growth and the trend over time. John. An insight into how billionaires think in NYC comes from Mayor Bloomberg who takes the subway to work. That's way cheaper than parking in Manhattan. John. Interesting. Reminds me of something I set up a while ago: http://imlonely.org/ John. Perhaps someone is finally doing a POPFile ( http://getpopfile.org/ ) as an Outlook plug-in. John. The entire up vote/down vote thing needs to go away. Voting on a story should be related to an action that the user is taking which implies an up/down vote. For example, in my Facebook application Wildfire stories are up voted only if you pass then on to your friends. As you mentioned to me yesterday, delicious/popular is interesting because it's based on pages people bookmarked for themselves. John. It sure seems like it. Of course the right thing to do is actually implement Digg inside Facebook... like this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html John. Is that you, Kevin Rose? John. 39 + BA Mathematics and Computation + DPhil in Computer Security Well I can add my little web site UseTheSource to the list of dead ideas. It's "Digg" but just for code. www.usethesource.com. John. I agree. I was amazed that she mentioned using version control. Anyone here not using version control? John. I do use email as my TODO list, but I publish the length of the queue for all to see. Makes me deal with stuff just knowing that anyone could be looking. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... John. cmdrtaco does have a point. These community news sites are great when the community reflects your views, but once the community grows they stake to not reflect your views. One way to correct this is to only get news from a group that is similar to you (for some definition of 'similar'). One attempt to do this is my Wildfire application for Facebook which shows you news from your friends. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. Thanks for the feedback. I'll look into implementing those changes. I'm not sure why I chose that particular checksum... it's been a while since I wrote this. John. Having worked for a top-line VC firm and sat through _a lot_ of presentations I agree with the article. Standing to present feels weird. The general atmosphere in a VC meeting is that everyone around the table is having a discussion, the slides are there to facilitate the discussion. John. I love Trac. I use it for a commercial project of mine ( http://www.extravalent.com/ ) and I use the Wiki to provide the documentation to my end users, I use the bug database and I use the SVN integration. John. I use Clickatell and like the service. At 250k messages you're getting a 23% discount. At today's prices 250k messages will cost $12,000. John. Care to share the pricing of mBlox (privately if necessary). I'm currently paying Clickatell about 0.06 per message. John. Back in the mists of time I wrote code in BASIC and assembly for the Research Machines 380Z/480Z computers. When they came out with their Z-NET network I reverse engineered (with a friend) the packet send/receive APIs and we built on top of it a reliable transport protocol that would enable us to guarantee delivery of about 128 bytes of data to a machine on the network. The entire code was stuffed into an unused block of data within the operating system and when a packet was received the receiving code would get an interrupt and would promptly CALL the code in the packet. We were able to reliably deliver 128 bytes of machine code and have it execute on any machine. This turned out to be very cool because it enabled us to build a complete package for network management and monitoring (we could do stuff like mirror the screen on any machine to another one). John. First computer I used was a Sharp MZ-80K. First computer I owned was a BBC Micro Model B. John. I often do work on an hourly basis. Suppose I charge $500/hour and write a function in one hour that a less skilled programmer charging half my rate does in four hours. Guess who gets paid the most. John. The iPhone comparisons make me laugh since the N810 is not a phone! John. SV is very expensive. I think London is a perfectly good place. John. Speaking as a resident of France, the fact that he was a French civil servant was not lost of me :-) John. That is related because as I was debugging my scripts I figured I'd use the Microsoft Script Debugger. Big freakin' mistake. The debugger crashed and took IE with it. I use OS X most of the time and Linux most of the rest of the time. Every time I go back to Windows to do something Microsoft finds a way of kicking me in the teeth. John. Thanks. I'll do that. John. This was a pretty heavy prototype/scriptaculous based application. I'm pretty familiar with the YUI stuff, but have never used jQuery. How does it compare to prototype? John. Me too. Trac is nice if you are using Subversion. John. Implement tags and filter by tag. John. The nice thing is that tags are folders and so you can use POPFile ( http://popfile.sf.net/ ) to do automatic tagging. John. My experience is that you should _plan_ as if you have 40 hours a week per developer because you are going to be wrong and end up needing more time than you expect. The work after 40 hours is just keeping you on schedule. John. Yes, but that $1B is only calculated using the special Facebook RDF. John. The use of the color distance measure turns out to be important in spam filtering because of the 'Camouflage' trick used by some spammers where similar, but not identical colors are used to mask chunks of 'good' text inserted to try to fool spam filters. From http://www.jgc.org/tsc/ Camouflage (GWI!Camouflage!HTML) What: Like Invisible Ink, but instead of using identical colors (e.g. white on white) use very similar colors. Date added: June 2, 2003 Example from the wild: The colors 1133333, 123939, and 423939 are chosen to be very similar without being the same) those rearing lands Plasticine sex-cartoons. eel harness highest Absolutely new category of adu1t sites. nobody jets held Northumbria- diamond sleep Seems like the sort of thing that could take off on Facebook. My Wildfire app is 'similar' in that it uses the social graph to spread news http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=2399397752 John. Just adding tagging plus tag filtering would do a lot. John. OK, but the disadvantage (that everyone gets all content) is a pretty big one. That means that Joe User gets the admin page sent to them hidden using CSS. If you want to cache individual pages for users then you can do that with a standard cache mechanism (e.g. memcached) and just expire the cache when you decide an update is necessary. John. It would be cool if he system looked at what links I clicked on and then didn't vote up. That could be used to get an idea of what I didn't get excited about; perhaps that would could as a fractional vote down. John. I made the following comment over at reddit on this story; thought it might be of interest here: As part of building the test suite for the POPFile project I built my code code coverage module that produced colored files (one per source file) indicating which lines had been exercised by the test suite and which had not. Each line is colored green if the test suite executed it, red if not. Lines are numbered. An example of this can be found here: http://popfile.sourceforge.net/Module.html The code that does this is part of the POPFile project under the GPL. John. I have no idea what my wife's cell phone number is; I entered it in mu cell phone once and I just think of her as 2# :-) John. No one else took you up on this, but my mother is definitely curvy. John. OK, now I know why no one else replied. I feel weird about talking about my mother that way. Agreed. I'm currently working 50%. I work every other week on a consulting job that pays the bills for an entire month for me and my family. The other 50% it's my time (and some extra time with the little ones). John. Sure. I'm doing two types of work mainly: software development and management consulting. On the software development side of things I've been doing work on the backend of web sites (the most well know is http://www.signal-spam.fr/ ). On the management consulting side I'm helping a start-up that's growing rapidly to put in place some appropriate processes in engineering so that they don't explode :-) I arrange my schedule like that by telling clients that I'm not available at certain times (the times I want for myself), using the white lie that I'm busy with a different client (which just happens to be me). So far, two years now, I've managed to juggle that and bring in enough money. But there's been some standard of living decline as purchases for expensive items (say that new video camera I'm ogling) have been delayed. John. On the 'two chicks' thing, there's no need to be a billionaire for that. There are plenty of countries where prostitution is legal and you could do two chicks. John. Thanks. I told the right person about it. John. Seems like a reasonable goal to me. I already know that a number of people use POPFile to do things like sort "interesting" from "uninteresting" messages (e.g. one journalist uses POPFile to automatically filter out press releases that don't interest him). However, one issue with comments is that they can be short leaving not a lot of text to work with. John. I don't remember exactly how many hours I worked on http://l8tr.org/ , but it wasn't more than a day. Now l8tr gets constant use, but I'd hardly call it a start-up. Tagmindr sounds similar, a useful little thing that happens to be on the web. John. And that coming from a guy whose name is 'merkin' :-) This doesn't surprise me. I'm in a different part of Europe that's getting the iPhone in a few days, and I won't be rushing out to buy it. Sure, it looks like a nice piece of kit, but if I'm going to upgrade from my RAZR... 1. 3G please. Since the iPhone is expensive I expect it to be able to act as a decent modem for my MacBook Pro when I'm on the road. EDGE has a theoretical top speed of 200Kbps, but is more like 90Kbps in practice. Whereas I can go out and get a 3G+ (up to 36Mbps) modem for my computer for 9 EUR plus a contract. 2. Poor camera at price point. The Nokia N95 is similarly priced but has a much better camera (5 megapixel with a Zeiss lens and a flash). 3. While we're on the topic of the similarly priced N95 it also has GPS and is 3G+ and EDGE so satisfies point #1. And it has WiFi. The N95 probably loses on the screen and the "Apple experience" of very well integrated applications. Also, it's kind of ugly. 4. Non-interchangeable battery. This is a big deal for anyone like me who travels a lot. So the iPhone looks expensive, nicely packaged, but not compelling. I'll wait for v2. John. So what's the technology behind this? John. I agree, although there's nothing wrong with using 'comment length' as an input to some learning system. In POPFile we use quite a lot of 'meta' information about email including length to make a decision. John. I agree on the Mitchell book. If you are looking for a light introduction to naive Bayesian text classification then there's always the piece I wrote for DDJ: http://www.ddj.com/development-tools/184406064 John. So the way I currently have it the man-in-the-middle is useless because once a client connects to the SSH server all other IP addresses are locked out from that port. I agree about congestion, but IIRC the TCP connection timeout defaults to 75s so since I'm tolerant to connections across two windows (i.e. two minutes) then I think I'm safe. John. Agreed. A hash could be a good CPRNG, but if I want to claim randomness I probably should use a cipher with an incrementing input. John. It's a way of deflecting a brute force attack on my SSH server. I think it makes things more, not less, secure, but I'm certainly open to comments. John. I only need sync. to the nearest minute. NTP does that fine for me. John. I share the concern about security through obscurity. But this isn't intended to be obscure (it's not like I change the port to 12222 and hope no one finds it). It's a technique like port knocking which relies on the algorithm being totally open but the underlying hash being unpredictable. All the security here comes from the passphrase + hashing combination which is designed to make the actual port difficult to determine. John I plan to open source it once I get it a little cleaned up :-) It's on my TODO list. John. The thing about Xobni is that as much as I like it (having been doing interesting things with email for a very long time) and I think they are right to focus on Outlook (since it sux0r), I can't help thinking that Xobni is a _feature_ and not a company. Perhaps the Xobni guys can talk about what makes them think that it's a stand alone company? Perhaps the answer is that they don't, perhaps they just hope Microsoft will buy them. John. I agree. This is one of the reasons that I use my real name and link to my site in my profile. I own my comments. Perhaps you could publish qwertyy's IP address. John. I don't want people to go out and lynch him, but this is not a case where anonymity is important. If that person is willing to post a question like this, they should at least be willing to be identified. John. web.py is on my list to consider. It's lightness and simplicity is really attractive. One thing that bothers me in a lot of frameworks is the object wrapping of the database. I can't see much justification for this, it just seems to be adding a layer of complexity on top of a very clearly designed model. How much easier is it to use an object abstraction when you could just do SQL directly? John. I realize that online anonymity is an important issue for many people, but I don't believe that it's a fundamental right. Forums like this one are public and I think that anonymity is a mistake because it allows trolling and a general falling away of normal behaviours that would be present if people were identified. Now, I'm not saying that people don't have a right to privacy. You'll note that I don't talk about private issues on my blog (such as my family) and I think those are irrelevant to my interaction in a forum like this. But I'm much happier when people identify themselves so that I can follow them over time. There are good arguments for being able to be anonymous on the net (for example in the case of human rights abuses in countries it may be useful to be able to transmit information anonymously; or if we implement voting on the net). I don't think those arguments apply in a public discussion forum like this. Of course, I'm probably an outlier on this, I'd expect a group of engineers to be fairly pro-anonymity. John. That's general good advice, and usually I try to match a project with a technology I want to learn and go code. It's the best way. In this case I'm trying to figure out do I learn python and use a python framework, learn ruby and use RoR, decide to use a PHP framework, just code the entire thing in Perl, ... John. It's interesting that you mention Django. Of all the frameworks it's the one I most liked as I was investigating for one major reason: the community around Django seemed welcoming and open to ideas. This was very much in contrast to the RoR community which seemed to have a "we know better than you" attitude. John. I agree so this person hides behind anonymity so that he can throw out an insult. He could have posed his question in a much less aggressive manner and have posted non-anonymously. And I don't agree that a post like that could really hurt your career. It's nonsense to think that being an asshole is going to ruin your career. There are plenty of total dicks out there (not saying that the original poster is one) who are successful. What matters is not that you are Web 2.0 and buddy-buddy with someone who's got a high profile blog, what matters is that you make a decent product. John. Despite the tone of your message you are the first person to actually give me a good reason not to sign my messages. Here and on Reddit people have objected to me signing my messages (which is odd because for _years_ I signed like that on /. without a peep) without any real justification. Your argument that I'm wasting vertical space makes a lot of sense, especially given the clean look of reddit/news.yc compared with /. From now on I'll stop signing. "tech strife" There's a distinction between me signing messages and me not being anonymous. My lack of anonymity is guaranteed by the user name I chose plus the fact that my profile links back to my personal web site. Signing messages was unrelated to anonymity, it's a years old habit that I started on Usenet and continued in online forums like this one. I don't claim that signing messages is part of the ideology I was talking about above. If I did I wouldn't have stopped. It amuses me that you choose to describe it as a 'personality defect' from behind an anonymous account here. If we were standing face to face would you describe me signing messages in that way? According to the web site if you want to do this you need to call Mr Salaou (72 29 98) or email him: salaou@intnet.ne. From the other information on the site I get the feeling that the answer is going to be 'no'. That seems like a silly decision to me. Unless you can be sure that your target market is Firefox/Safari then I think you could be cutting yourself off from a big customer base. Personally, I use Firefox on my Mac, but there are _lots_ of people out there that are still using IE, and will probably "still" be using IE for a long time because they are on Windows. Secondly, I was surprised to see that you _force_ people to use OpenID to authenticate with your web site. It's a pity there isn't a classic login/password solution since you force me to go get an OpenID (I don't have one yet), and since I'm a nerd you are delaying me using your site because I need to investigate this whole OpenID thing. 7 years of sitting on my Aeron has shown that it was a great investment. One nice way to do this on a Mac is to leave the Guest account available. Even though the user cannot get into your account because of your uber-strong password and FileVault encryption, they can go into the Guest account and surf the web (and activate your LoJack). What's the deal with the second chart showing the search term 'Classmates' vs a bunch of computer related terms. Surely nothing can be determined from that chart given that classmate means something to non-nerds. Time for a little 'Hotel California' It's almost a prerequisite to getting funding that you are smart enough to figure out how to get a referral into a VC firm. Better yet. Park the car and _walk_ down University Avenue. You reminded me of a great little book published a long time ago which is still very relevant: "The Ugly American"( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ugly_American ). A recent really good read was Le Carre's "The Mission Song" Oh, no. I should never have read that, now I've got the damn Art Garfunkel theme song stuck in my head ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_Eyes_%28Art_Garfunkel_so... ). Curse be upon you :-) Don't 'target acquisition' what you should be targeting is making a profitable product. Make your customers happy, make money, then figure out the 'exit strategy'. When I worked for Accel I would have been very uncomfortable with an entrepreneur that presented an exit strategy. Yes, acquisition may be the end result, but don't make it your end goal. Start with the assumption that you can get lots of users. If you can then listen to those customers very, very carefully. You will discover some additional value that you can bring by adding specific features; charge extra for those features. It's OK to have lots of free users, it's also OK to say that you are not sure about the revenue, but I'd be on the lookout for an opportunity to charge a customer to extra value that your product is bringing. I used to sit through presentation after presentation every day and they all had revenue estimates. No one in the room believed those estimates, not the entrepreneur and certainly not the VC. It's important to have them because they indicate that you've tried to think about how you are going to make money. Also, no one manages to actually make those estimates either because there's always something that goes wrong, or better, or sideways. So, think about how you are going to make money, make a revenue plan (and an expense plan). Present the plan you have, but don't be ashamed if you don't make it. It's worth asking yourself about Twitter. Why would you fund Twitter? Well, you might look at the enormous traction they have, and if you think the team is smart then you'd say to yourself "Here's a team with lots of 'customers' and the smarts to figure out how to monetize them". I can summarize it like this: 1. I had no other choice. After years of working for people I just needed a break. 2. It's harder than it looks... my income is totally variable. 3. It's the best thing I ever did. I get to choose what I work on (to a certain extent). I'm actually thinking of going back full time, but that's only because a start up is enticing me with an interesting combination of good team, interesting problem, and stock. We'll see. John hired me as VP of Engineering at Scriptics and then he and I founded Electric Cloud together. I like the 7 point scale because there is a definite ambivalent option. In practice most people have a definite opinion and 4 is not often used. If you need Linux on your MBP then you can do as I do... Leopard is the main OS and I run Win2K and Ubuntu using VMWare. 1. Your constructor has its entire contents commented out. 2. You should remove the $i in the function multitask(). You don't need it because the foreach is storing $arrayofupto5tasks[$i] in $value. function multitask($arrayofupto5tasks){ //I can easily manage 3-5 small tasks $i = 0; foreach ($arrayofupto5tasks as $value){ $query->storeIntoDB($value); $execute->task($arrayofupto5tasks[$i]); $i++ } } 3. It's disappointing that your showDemo() function has a hard coded number 2 in it ($site = rand(0,2);) since you could get that from the array length. And also the header() bit has an extra ' in it. 4. Your learn() function returns false in one case and doesn't return anything in others. Me. I'm currently using FogBugz at a company where I'm consulting. We haven't been using it for long, but it's nice enough. (In the past I've used Jira, Trac, Bugzilla). Overall favorite is Trac. I already inaugurated Vent YC! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=70475 fogbugz can do this. 1. I wondered if that might be the case. 2. I don't understand this explanation, is $value destroyed by the call to storeIntoDB? At the very least your $i++ needs a terminating ; You should probably mention the tool you are using for this: RRDTool. It's the same tool I use to track the number of items in my email inbox ( http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... ) which I publish on my web site. I've used RRDTool many other places, and it's immensely useful: http://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/ The actual article can be found here: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/12/transitive-decay-in-social-n... I'm pretty happy using a bug database for this. We're using FogBugz which is capable of remembering tasks, who they are assigned to and when we expect them to be finished. This post makes the mistake of assuming that reddit and similar sites actually implement "wisdom of crowds". They don't. They don't because you get to see the 'most popular' answers and choose from those to vote on, if you really wanted WoC to work you'd need to present people random stories to vote on. (This is part of what I attempted to do in my http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html ">Wildfire Facebook application). He also proposes Bayesian filtering as a suitable technique for presenting the recommended page. Despite that fact that I'm a Bayesian-head (see http://getpopfile.org/ ">POPFile for example) I don't think that's a total solution. You can do ML for news (it's an old idea, see the 20 newsgroups test set for example) and I have a private 'reddit' which I use as a feed reader that does ML. But I think if you want to solve the 'reddit problem' you actually need to give people the chance to control the 'crowd' that they are getting recommendations from. I'd like to see (actually, I am building) an application that's reddit-like, but uses a combination of ML and social aspects to get a better view of interesting stories. Some of this I wrote about http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... ">here . Stories like this make me want a Bury button. It's missing a favorite of mine from An Evening (Wasted) with Tom Lehrer: "I thought I would acquaint you with some of the results of my recent researches into the career of the late Doctor Samuel Gall (...) He soon became a specialist, specializing in diseases of the rich. He was therefore able to retire at an early age..." Is your next start up curing a disease of the rich? That sounds like a quote from The Secret. Magic toolbar rearrangement is a world of pain. That's like having my SO notice that I always look for my keys before I go out the door so she moves them to the table near the front door, when I habitually put them in the vide poche near by desk. +1 Insightful The Microsoft personal assistant example is just cracking me up. Firstly, Microsoft has been selling the whole 'automated assistant' thing to us for YEARS. Clippy is just one hideous example. Secondly, automated inbox processing has been around for _years_. My POPFile open source program is now over 5 years old and there are older examples than that (I was doing automated emailing sorting in the late 90s and others before me). So multi-core machines are what's holding this back? What a joke. Thirdly, it mentions features (looking at who I correspond with) that are already available (see Xobni and others). And automatic response systems are also around to deal with customer service. Sorry, for the rant put two pages of fluff about multi-core processors with some freak out speculation about email processing that's been available for a long time. How about talking about something interesting, like parallel aware languages (Occam, erlang, ...)? I think it's time for a refresher on Amdahl's Law. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amdahl's_law The non-parallel portion limits the available speedup. While we're generalizing women do seem to like to talk to each other and they seem to exchange all sorts of information and experiences that way. But have you ever noticed that they also look at each other when they are talking, I think women like to actually exchange a lot more through non-verbal cues. Perhaps that's not true of men. It's for just those sorts of situations (and a few other good reasons) that I use source code control on my local machine. This particular article is rather poorly written, but if its title has a ? appended it makes a fun discussion topic. My take is that Digg's downfall (if it happens :-) was sealed long ago by Kevin Rose's personality. One only has to watch Diggnation with their stupid drinking antics and Beavis and Butthead humor to know that the audience Digg was courting was pretty low brow. Then, suddenly, Digg tried to extend outside tech news and be a general purpose new site. Big mistake since low brow doesn't mix with Science, World News, etc. The only positive thing I can say for Digg is that at least the comments there aren't as bad as on YouTube. Or maybe I'm just bitter because I got banned from Digg and publicly branded a 'spammer' by a Digg employee. Nice idea, but a pity that they couldn't just buy an intelligent power switch that was IP addressable. That's how I manage the worst case scenario for my servers. I've been lucky enough to get to know Paul a little. He invited me to take part in the first MIT Spam Conference in 2003 and I've seen him on and off since then. I don't think hero worship is appropriate, but I think Paul should be celebrated for a few things: sunny personality, good writing, openness, curiosity. There are a lot of people in the computer industry with difficult personalities, who can't communicate in writing, who are fixated on a particular technology. Paul isn't like that. Those things make him worth looking up to. I sincerely doubt this is going to kill LinkedIn. I've actually stopped using Facebook because the signal/noise was all noise. LinkedIn is far more professional and just being able to group my Facebook friends isn't going to do much unless I can make Facebook show different profiles to different groups of people. But, you know, why bother? LinkedIn works great for professional contacts, can't see any reason to try to embed LinkedIn inside Facebook. I've used this guy for logo/icon stuff: http://www.iconiza.com/ Don't be put off by the fact that he lives in Ecuador; check out his portfolio. He's inexpensive and responsive. Tk has bindings to other languages as well, you don't have to use Tcl: http://wiki.tcl.tk/17264 1. How do you compare with all the other book swapping sites out there? 2. You financials seem to indicate that by 2010 you'll have revenue of $70k is that correct? 3. Why would I pay to swap a book? It seems to me that in swapping a book I'm already giving something and getting something of 'equal' value; what makes you think people will pay for this service? Since I partly learnt programming at college and was taught about CSP and Occam, erlang's lightweight processes and inter-process communication model are very appealing. And it's interesting to see a number of projects get written in it, and since even Facebook is using it... :-) This particular article references Tim Bray's attempts to use erlang for web log processing. He found erlang to be very slow because of the I/O implementation, and criticized it for its regular expression handling. This seems like a silly test since surely you'd use Perl and friends for something like that. Personally, I'm interested in building something with erlang just to get my feet wet with the language. And I'd be interested to hear about the experiences of others with erlang in real projects. The problem with a web server is that I'm not sure there's much interesting inter-process communication which I think is where erlang would really shine. Sure you can spawn a lightweight process for each incoming connection, but after that? Has it really been 14 years? Boy, time flies. Any thought on adding screenshots of pages I've recently saved. If often find I can recognize pages quickly that way. Thanks for that write up. I'm waiting for my XO to arrive (should be within a week or so), and I'm going to be handing it to my 4 year old daughter to see how she gets along with it. She'd very much like a computer of her own and I'm hoping that she'll be able to figure out Draw and TamTam and Memorize. Anyone else here got experience with XO and a small child? Very nice article, but what is this? > Running things in the background X dubbed backgrounding X is > an important part of production ready web applications. It's > a relatively new concept, since web applications used to be > less complex. That made me smile. Nice. What are you using for screen shots? Because Paul Graham woke up this morning and said, "news.yc is 50% faster. And Paul looked upon the site and saw that it was Good" I'm still in my 20s: 0x28 this year. I did look at Comet when it was mentioned here a while ago and my general reaction was that it was total overkill for most applications. It's worth remembering that the so called 'Push Technology' of the 1990s (such as PointCast) was doing a straight HTTP GET at regular intervals, the only push was that the user didn't push a button for an update. Now in the noughties we're doing similar stuff in the background with XHR polling from timers. If what you really want to do is _real time_ pushing of data to the client then you need to come up with a really compelling situation in which that's needed. The current Comet proposal seems as you say somewhere on your blog "a big hack". What it really needs is simplicity. Tell me how this is better than polling using XHR. In fact, if you want to excite me then give me a chunk of Javascript that as the following methods: stream_to_me( url, callback ) I call this, it returns to me immediately. It handles a background connection to url and streams data off it using standard HTTP (perhaps it's holding a connection open, perhaps it's polling, user shouldn't care and should be transparent to the remote web server). When it's got a complete chunk of data (perhaps it's a complete piece of XML) it calls callback with the chunk. That would be compelling to me because I could just include that little library and then get async. callbacks with data coming 'live' from my server. > To me, it's basic politeness. Providing internet access to > guests is kind of like providing heat and electricity, or a > hot cup of tea. OK, but that doesn't imply that it has to be open. If I have guests I provide them all those things, and free WiFi. But my WiFi is protected... my guests just get told the WPA2 password and they are in. I also let guests use my Mac using the Guest account. I don't leave my Mac outside my front door for just anyone to use. > I can count five open wireless networks in coffee shops > within a mile of my house, and any potential spammer is > far more likely to sit in a warm room with a cup of coffee > and a scone than in a cold car outside my house. That seems like a stupid argument. The coffee shop is more likely to notice that their bandwidth is being consumed and track down their customer than J Random Homeowner. Not often we hear about CSP here. I did my doctorate in it (Hoare was the head of department at the time). Are you using CSP for something real? http://buyersguide.macrumors.com/#MacBook_Pro Dude died at a power of 2 which is also the number of squares on a chess board. Poetic. Yes, and of course you should really generalize that so that the number of squares on a board with nxn single squares is sum(i=1..n) i*i Clearly the MBA is not a good development machine, you want as much screen as possible for that. I have a MBP 17" with the HD screen as my primary machine. I am very happy with it (and I've been through a lot of laptops starting way back with DOS based laptops, through all the Windows variants and with a Linux detour). MBP + VMWare is a perfect combination for me. Dual cores are really nice (have recently been doing some stuff on forgery detection in images, which I'll open source soon, and I can tie up an entire core doing image processing and not notice the difference). Proof? The 1981 Loi Lang (Lang Law) fixed this with the objective of protecting local independent book stores from competition. The law enshrines the French idea that local, independent book stores are an important part of French cultural life and therefore should be protected. A secondary reason was the protection of small publishing houses (of which France has _a lot_). I hope that Amazon wins this because they provide a much wider range of books than any local book store, and they don't have surly service (and that's not a stereotype... I live in France :-). Also Amazon should be able to support the small book publisher through the classic 'long tail' of books. If you live in France, please consider signing Amazon's petition: http://www.amazon.fr/gp/feature.html/?docId=1000129903#Petit... One advantage of paper prototypes is that anyone can draw them. There's no need to learn a tool. Currently, I'm working with a large web site where we are redoing a section of the site (which is a sequence of pages taking you through a financial application process) and paper prototypes have been a good starting point for us. We also have a paper workflow between the numbered pages to illustrate the flow of pages (since it's not strictly linear). The VP of Marketing has a rough time using any new tool that's not trivial (e.g. as easy as Apple Mail) and so making him learn a new tool would not be helpful to our process. However, he can sketch his thoughts nicely. For nicer presentation we are simply using PowerPoint. Everyone has got it and we can take screen shots of existing pages and overlay them with simple drawings using the PPT drawing tools. This has been enough to work through the new design. But thanks for the pointer to ConceptDraw, looks like Visio replacement I've been searching for now that I use a Mac. Turns out that drawing a picture really helps: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=101532 One thing I notice living here in France is that many business people seem to not actually want to do business. Opening hours (with random closing) are just the start. There are many businesses for whom the customer appears to be a nuisance. In fact, businesses that work stand out like a sore thumb (for example, I've had nothing but great experiences with Darty and their after sales service). My guess is that there are not more such businesses because French people (in general) don't actually expect good service, and hence they don't get it. The one thing that makes US businesses actually work IMHO is that Americans are willing to complain about bad service. In France, people will grumble, or they'll complain and the businessperson will insult them back. It's all rather baffling. I started a company ( http://www.electric-cloud.com/ ) right after the dotcom crash. I partly did this because I knew that going out and finding a job would be hard, partly because I also knew that it was going to take a while to get the product right, and partly because I really wanted to. Once we got funded we had job security for a few years, and we could weather the dotcom storm while creating cool software. So if you look just at the build acceleration part of Electric Cloud then you are correct in thinking that the low hanging fruit is around large projects that use compiled code. But the definition of 'large' turns out to be important. You've mentioned a single large project (OpenOffice), but we see a lot of large projects that actually consist of tens or hundreds of small variants (the canonical example is a cell phone company that compiles variants of the the same code for different target hardware). This adds up to a lot of time (although each individual build may be relatively short). On the web application side we do have customers because quite a lot of them are actually writing in languages like C++, C# and Java. Build acceleration is helpful there. For companies that are doing something like PHP then our build management tools (Electric Commander) are more appropriate since they are used to coordinate deployment of a large site. It is a weird list, but I'd never heard of SnapDragon and he barely seems to be mentioned on Wikipedia. It also appears that they got his name wrong (it's Kisman not Kinsman). Anyone tell me where I can read more? Agree. And that's partly why I blog: http://www.jgc.org/blog/ Using that I should be able to recover your secret key trivially. I submit an image to the site, since I can work out MD5(image) I can just XOR with the hash you've assigned and get the secret key. It's on my list of things to play around with. My pal Jonathan Zdziarski has written a book about iPhone development that O'Reilly will publish soon. Should be a good read. No, he's doing it based on the open source (i.e. hacked) iPhone. He was involved in the 'jail break' stuff. One thing that's become clear (at least in my experience with Bayesian filtering) is that less is more. You can actually waste a lot of time trying to reverse spammer trickery like misspelling. Dumb beats out smart very often. In POPFile we do an enormous amount of work to detect spammer trickery and a couple of years back I did an analysis (published at Virus Bulletin) of the effectiveness of this extra work. Quick summary of the highlights: 1. Looking at words in the headers was more important than the body 2. Of those the Subject line is the most important (most important words were free, what, only, huge, judge, visa and soft) 3. Most useful metadata was image height and width, font color and size, Euclidean distance between foreground and background color (bucketized), and the background color itself. 4. The only trick worth spending the time on was Invisible Ink (same background and foreground color). Camouflage was close to Invisible Ink. 5. The charset is interesting In my commercial spam filter I do as little intelligent work as possible. Everything else is done by the Bayesian magic. Here's a very minor hack. One time I was going to the movies at Shoreline (Mountain View) and I wanted to go and see "Spy Game". Unfortunately, it was sold out. But I have really good eye sight and I could see from the door which movies were playing on the same side of the theater as Spy Game. There's one control point on each side of the theater and so I bought a ticket for a less wanted movie on the same side as Spy Game. Showed my ticket to the guy who let me through. Then I simply walked into Spy Game and found a really crappy seat near the back (all that was left). Good movie, though. I travel very frequently by plane and almost always in economy. At one particular airport that I regularly fly through there's always a really long line for security, except for business and first class passengers. Happily, my airline offers online checkin and the print out is a PDF file. So I download the PDF file and print out my genuine boarding pass and put it in my bag, then I doctor the boarding pass in Acrobat so that it says Business instead of Economy and I change my seat assignment from something like 125H to 2D to make it look legit. Obviously, my name, flight, date, etc. are all genuine. I agree and I've been on advisory boards where we were neither board members, nor investors. Essentially I've been given small amounts of company stock just for my PR value + occasionally helping the company out. In the one case where I really help a company out I was a paid consultant and not an 'advisor'. Yes. And I find it very odd that he points to the Viaweb transition from Lisp to C++/Perl as an example of going from an unreadable/unmaintainable language to a readable/maintainable one? I've programmed a lot in C++/Perl and those languages require very, very careful programmers to prevent them from becoming unreadable. Also when he says "There are probably two ways to write Lisp code: with all the expressive constructs (in which case it's unmaintainable) and without (in which case you may as well use Java)." I think you can replace Lisp with Perl or C++ there and come to the same conclusion. Java's verbosity is one of its great weaknesses IMHO. Just the shear reams of code that I have to wade through to discover that we've done something very simple. Another problem with auto_increment occurs when the user id comes from an auto_increment field. By signing up as a new user once a week and observing your own user id you can measure the rate of growth of a competitor. I work for me, but I do have a little company: http://www.extravalent.com/ which is really just me. Using this technique I've found out some interesting things about Digg: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=106063 > I'm not about to give them up Why not? Would it be detrimental to you to tell us? Last year I did a lot of work under contract to build a machine learning based data web site where users would vote on people and the ML part would build up a model of what they were looking for. Unfortunatly, the site has not yet released because of trouble finding a good Javascript person to work on bits of the UI. Wow. It's 1965 all over again. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Rocket_Belt Sounds a bit like http://l8tr.org , except l8tr doesn't make you register and will email later when a dead link (e.g. slashdotted) comes back on line. (for i 1 500 (prn "I will not throw paper airplanes in class.")) Although, I assume the kid forgot the \n in his printf. Um. Because writing to stdout will serialize the processes? pr = print prn = print followed by newline You are correct. I need to go back and reread the tutorial. A very enjoyable debugging story. Thanks, and it ended with a patch that makes the current Arc implementation more cross-platform. Now we just need to make (date) cross-platform. Since Scheme provides seconds->date which will do the same as the call to GNU date in arc.arc, this looks pretty easy. That seems fair enough, if I was doing Arc then I'd want to define as much as I could in Arc so that porting it would be easy (and also to prove the expressiveness of the 'simpler' parts of the language). In this case you need access to date information and currently that's done by assuming that it's ok to (system) to GNU date. That's a big assumption. I think it would be fairly easy to wrap up the Scheme code into an Arc native definition. For example, Arc defined seconds to be the current Unix epoch (which is does via Scheme's current-seconds). It would be pretty easy to do the same thing for month, day, year and make them primitive and then write date on top of them entirely in Arc. Nice service. Back in 2002 we were doing something like this when I was consulting at Flytecomm. We would suck up people's trip confirmations and parse them (just a whole bunch of regexps in Perl) and spit out detailed information about the trip. Since we had real time flight information (since we had an FAA feed) we could match the reservation to flight legs and do cool stuff like realize your flight is going to be late arriving and that you are missing your connection; then we'd look up alternate flights and send you an SMS message with details. Happy days. BA in Mathematics and Computation and then a DPhil in Computer Security. Oxford University. Going swimming. Sitting on Place St. Georges people watching. I don't understand why CSS or HTML are being mentioned during the design of Arc. These seem like library issues and your announcement of Arc was spoiled IMHO by the "rant" about HTML and tables. This is only made worse by the Arc Challenge which seems to be more about the design of libraries for HTML/HTTP etc. than the language. What am I missing? Fair enough, and after all: "Real programmers ship" I'd like to ask nicely too. I'm not in the US, can't vote in the US, and whilst the outcome of the US election is of interest to me... it's not until November. Please keep this stuff off Hacker News. What's your start-up and how much are you looking for? Yes. Once a week we sit down and watch the latest two episodes of 24 on Canal+. The best part of that article is the bit where he feels obliged to write another article apologizing to the Ruby community for offending them: he never once mentioned Ruby in the original article! Talk about sensitive. I'm blown away by your comment. I felt like the entire thing made the writer seem vacuous (or perhaps it's the medium and not the author that's the problem). The ratio of bad guy to good guy deaths: (0 0.015 0.39 0.92). So looks like Rambo reflects the sense of fear that the bad guys are winning/catching up. Not sure how to explain the big jump between 1985 and 1988 (Chernobyl, Challenger, Lockerbie, Iran-Contra?) CET which is UTC+1 I'm sure there are plenty but most are still in bed. Let me get this straight... it replaces PDF files with Flash. And that's good because..? I agree. Based on this posting I went to look at the site and it's clear that this is not ready to be public. It needs a private beta with some really critical thinking going on. Also, the main page has an it's/its mistake on it which makes it look unready. It's not surprising that the benefit didn't pop out. If they can send it to you in email it means they are storing it as plain text. That means that if their database gets breached all the passwords are exposed. They should be storing a salted hash of the password. Also, I don't agree that everyone uses the same password over and over. They are nice bookmarklets that can generate per-site passwords. I actually generate a new password for every site in my head. I agree. "How to win friends..." is great, but "7 habits..."| sucks. What places is a book inconvenient? Fundamentally, this sort of spam is about getting links to their sites (first for direct traffic and second for PageRank). So, you should attack the links and not the accounts: 0. Check your URLs against blog spam blacklists. Exclude recently registered domains (all of the ones mentioned are less than one month old). 1. Links on stories that have been become popular should be real hyperlinks. 2. Links on unpopular stories should go through a news.yc redirector (since this means they don't get PageRank) 3. Stories that go nowhere (likely spam) have their links removed and a text version of the link placed next to the story name for anyone who really wants to follow that link. 4. A 'spam' button could be handy. I mean, it's in your best interest to push the funded companies into success by suggesting new/complementary features. That assumes that pg (or any other person funding a company) is an oracle of what will make the company successful. The reality is that pg et al. are going to succeed by being good judges of founder character. Once they have the right founders, the founders themselves will figure out what it best to make their business suceed and pg wealthier. I disagree. I was working on some Ajax stuff and I really needed a spinner. This is useful. If you read through to the WebSense posting it appears that the bot 'outsources' the CAPTCHA images to humans (who speak Russian). I can always go there, but I was hoping to get a personal recommendation from someone on this site. We are using prototype and scriptaculous currently. We don't have any religion about a particular library (except, perhaps, YUI which is heavyweight). What sort of classification are you trying to do? Text, I assume. If it's text and you need something open source, or just a pointer to how to write one yourself, you could read the article I wrote for Dr Dobbs on this subject: http://www.ddj.com/development-tools/184406064 There are quite a lot of toolkits out there that do Bayesian things (take a look at libbow or Weka). Sounds to me that you are describing Laplace Smoothing in a Naive Bayes classifier. This is a pretty standard technique for avoiding the problem that you are seeing where the probability comes out as 100%/0% because of a lack of information in the model. This project uses two really nice bits of kit: 1. Arduino (which is a cheap, open source design, microcontroller board) 2. XPort (a system-on-a-chip ethernet connector which contains a web server and a serial interface inside an ethernet socket). Another vote for FogBugz. I'm using it at one of my clients where there was resistance to doing anything other than keeping a list of TODOs on a bit of paper on someone's desk. FogBugz is _very_ easy to use for almost everyone and it has replaced the bit of paper, and (surprise, surprise) the team has suddenly discovered that they have better visibility into what they are doing. I tend to agree, but there are some gestures on the MBP that are really handy: 1. Two finger tap: since there's no 'right click' (which is CTRL-click on a Mac) the two finger tap means I don't remove my fingers from the pad to get a context menu. 2. Two fingers to scroll. Very handy on web pages and it works up/down and left/right. This has been extremely obvious to anyone working on DIY drones. This was discussed last year on the DIY Drones web site: http://diydrones.com/profiles/blog/show?id=705844:BlogPost:2... Neat. That's the first 'real' use of seen of the code that I posted a while back. Very cool. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... I'm always mystified when Steve Pavlina posts get voted up onto the front page. He does a great job of self-promotion, but I have a hard time reading his stuff because he goes on and on, and he has that whole 11:11 thing on his web page. If you are not familiar with 11:11 then read Uri Geller's web site: http://www.uri-geller.com/articles/11.htm Benford's Law would tell us to expect to see numbers beginning with 1 a lot and hence it's no surprise that the number 11 seems to turn up a lot. Ooh. Cue the spooky music. That's just another example of my law: "To idiots, any sufficiently simple explanation is indistinguishable from magic" At Electric Cloud we use SalesForce.com. It works. I dabble a little in hardware hacking. I just had fun interfacing a simple temperature sensor to my little one's OLPC. Will blog that shortly. Now I'm playing around with Arduino and want to hook it up using an XPort. Look at Arduino. The entire design and software is open source. You can buy or make. Of course, collaborative filtering applies to blogs too, but I wanted to hear people's opinions of different blogs. After all, I come here for the people not the algorithm. True enough, but I'm sure we'll still see interesting applications that don't need to break these restrictions. Agreed, I feel the same way about my MBP. Basically, I've used all sorts of things for years (going back to CP/M machines, via DOS and every flavor of Windows, SuSE, Fedora, Ubuntu, ... ) and the Mac is the right combination: 1. Stuff that I need to get done just works (e.g. sync my Bluetooth phone to address book, hook up to wireless networks, do backups) 2. Aesthetically pleasing. Don't discount this when it comes to hackers... we like elegant code and machines. 3. Unix underneath... no loss of power. Page layout using DIVs... of course, you could always use TABLEs :-) Because they can get away with it. This sort of thing makes me want to have public voting information on the site and the ability to remove votes by certain people from my own news.yc front page. I both love and hate Go. It's daunting realizing that I'll never come close to mastering it. Well, HN is written in Arc which has a REPL and so the editors can do whatever they want! What's your mother tongue? I think a lot of hackers are interested in spoken and written language and like to play around with words and puns, etc.