I've never liked karma systems. On the surface it seems to make sense: People who are helpful/insightful get lots of karma. In practice, it fails on two fronts: First, karma systems in and of themselves work based on popularity, under the mistaken idea that popularity = correctness/insightfulness/suitability. Quite often, the most insightful or thought provoking ideas are unpopular (or speaking the truth is unpopular). What you get is a system that automatically filters out the ideas that the majority are unconfortable with, and so you end up with an echo chamber which doesn't admit new ideas. Second, the policies formed around the karma system grow biased AGAINST new users over time, which leads to community stagnation: The initial couple of years are great. The early adopters are all eager to participate in meaningful ways, and build a thriving, vibrant community. Then the gamers join in. They learn how to game the system to gain points. They do this just to show that they can. Closely related, the karma whores move in. Their sole goal is to gain points for self-worth. The community is meaningless; points are everything. As the gamer's techniques become more widly known, the spammers move in, automating the techniques to promote their spam, and the cat-and-mouse game begins, usually at the expense of making things more difficult for the users. These measures are almost always done with consideration of the already established user base, using them to determine what a "normal, real" user is like. Once you hit this point, it starts to become prohibitively expensive for a new user to join in, thanks to the biased notion of a "normal user". Stack Overflow is a prime example of this, where you have to jump through all sorts of crazy hoops just to be able to even comment or gasp edit your own question because upon re-reading, you decide it's not as clear as it could be. And so you complain. But people don't like complainers, so they all jump on you and say "It's not so bad! I went through the red tape and so should you!" and "If you don't like the red tape, there's no place for you here!" There's a word for this: Bureaucracy. As a service provider, you should be doing everything in your power to make things MORE accessible to new users, not LESS accessible. You should be ENCOURAGING participation, not throwing hurdles in their way. New users are fickle. Their first experience on your site will largely shape their perception of it forever. Start them off with a bad experience and they'll refuse to participate. Rampant bureaucracy is a sign of severe failure in the system. A few techniques: Form a cabal of vote sharers, who always vote for each other's posts. Post a bunch of semi-plausible content once a day and you'll have tons of karma in no time. Post quick responses that have little insight. You'll always get votes for being first. Post LOTS of trivial questions. More people will upvote than will downvote on the whole. Socrates is side-stepping the issue, as he always did, taking advantage of his friend's inability to articulate himself well. One can see from his friend's meandering talk that he was trying to describe how excessive love of gain can corrupt, and later how evil men would deceive others so as to make gains by things which the violated party will later realize (or perhaps not realize) are worthless. Think snake oil merchants. However, Socrates, in his usual style, takes advantage of imprecise language to twist meanings around until he's altered the topic of discussion (as his friend suspected, but couldn't articulate) into something where he can be demonstrated to have the right answer (all men love gain) with a notable absence of discussion about his friend's concern about excessive love of gain and dishonest gain. There's a reason why they killed him: nobody likes a smart ass. Yes, I can see your point there. While the final, deplorable behavior is disregard for the social cost of ones own gain, one cannot discount the germination and growth of greed as an otherwise upright man is slowly corrupted by the gains he makes, and his priorities shift towards higher gain as concern for the damage done to others falls by the wayside. The quote "for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil" did not arise from a vacuum, nor did "absolute power corrupts absolutely". Ultimately, one can argue that it is a weakness of character, but thus far it's been incredibly rare to see those with great power (through gains) remain uncorrupted for long. Page did not respond in a timely fashion. Check our status site for alerts. Either you found a page that took too long to render or we're getting more requests right now than we can handle. You can try refreshing the page, the problem may be temporary. Learn how to deal with GitHub outages and other access problems. Hiring from a friend's company is a lot like dating a friend's old girlfriend. It can be totally cool on the surface but totally not cool underneath. I sure hope the auto-save "feature" can be disabled... Absolutely, yes. If you don't include a cover letter, chances are very high that you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter has spelling or grammatical errors, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter doesn't speak to my company SPECIFICALLY, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. Basically, if you can't tell me why you want to work for my company and why you're a perfect fit, it tells me that your only interest is in a paycheck, and that you'll take no pride in your work and will show no initiative. If you can't be bothered to proofread your cover letter and have a friend check it over, it tells me that you're sloppy and don't follow through. If you can't even be bothered to hit the "spell check" button, it tells me that you're lazy. Counterpoint: Many open source contributors don't find satisfaction in their day jobs. The work they get paid to do is restrictive and dull. Developers are generally driven by the desire to create 'cool' things. Many spend all day in meetings discussing why that API extension isn't good for the 99th design iteration for customer X. And yet many rush to do this kind of work for free. Lots of work open source projects need are quite 'boring' from the technical point of view (documentation, project files, merging, OS integration. etc). So why do people contribute to open source projects? Because they believe in the product and like feeling empowered. Wow... I didn't expect these sorts of tabloid headers to occur on Hacker News. That's usually a Reddit thing. Shouldn't Hacker News be a cut above, where people first read and understand an article, and then post it to HN with a succinct, relevant, and most importantly TRUTHFUL title? Your machine zaps you and pulls you into the machine, where you are forced to play death match Yahtzee against other profiles. Click here for the shocking truth: http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s14e04-you-hav... I don't understand. What does an accounting compliance law have to do with charging for previously free tools? And how were they able to release free tools in the years after 2002? What makes 2011 so special that they are compelled by law to start charging $5? Ok, but where in this scenario do the SOX compliance laws compel them to charge money for a "major upgrade"? It's perfectly reasonable. All it took was one touch from His Noodly Appendage ;-) Personally, I love sites like SO and Quora. When I'm digging into something outside of my experience/expertise (which is almost daily in my current job), I'm consistently landing on pages that have answers written to my questions. That's great. What's NOT great, is having some esoteric need, landing on a bunch of pages, and finding that most of them have an "are you sure you want to do this?" response with no effort made to answer the question, ahm, in question. The author is right in this respect. You are NOT just answering the person who asked the question. Stuff on the internet STAYS. For YEARS. That means that you're answering EVERYONE who EVER asks that question, and chances are that a lot of them DO know what they are doing. All they lack are the mechanical steps to take, which you have denied them by your second guessing of intentions. And that is MASSIVELY frustrating. Sites like Quora understand this, thus the "not helpful" button. If you must question the judgment of the person asking, do so AFTER answering the question. Otherwise your answer is, in fact, NOT useful. Oh, it may be useful if you've successfully guessed the intentions of the asker, but for a great number of other people who will land on that page in the years to come it is nothing more than condescension. I participate because I find it a godsend whenever I get stuck on some esoteric API or poorly documented technology, or I just want to use something in a way that it's not actually meant to be used BECAUSE I HAVE A DAMN GOOD REASON TO DO IT. And I want to extend the same courtesy of answering without prejudice so that some other soul can be similarly helped by my answer. There's a huge difference between "You're wrong and here's why", and "You did X??? What are you, stupid? You suck and you should just gtfo because you'll never amount to anything. You'd be so fired if you worked in my company. Bullet. Brain. Make the connection." Both are uncompromising. Only one is civil. It's not that geeks are harsh; it's that assholes are harsh. You'd see the same kind of dressing down of a sales guy in front of his peers by his asshole boss, who just happens to be a damn good salesman, which makes his attacks all the more withering. Knowledge dost not the better man make. Never saw this before today, but it hardly seems funny. That's how people smuggle contraband in prison. The sad truth is that either you have wealth with which to get what you want from other people, or you swallow your pride and smuggle stuff in via your rectum. It's not funny; it's a sad commentary on the demeaning prison life. Regardless, TeX failed for the masses because it was too complicated to begin with (the masses are not programmers, nor are they interested in "programming" their documents). WYSIWYG word processors and desktop publishing software do a decent enough job quickly with a learning curve orders of magnitude shallower, and rightly so since it's the learning curve that poses the greatest barrier to entry. And while many attempts have been made to flatten that curve with various tools, I'm hard pressed to find a compelling competitor to Microsoft Word or OpenOffice in terms of ease-of-use. People in general are far more interested in the final result than the "beauty" of the steps to produce that result, especially when it comes to the written word. Actually, it's a plutocracy. People don't listen to technocrats unless they have a good idea for generating wealth/power. The reason you don't leave any serious decisions in the hands of the masses is because it leads to instability, which is the worst thing that can happen to a government. In every form of government, you have a minority bloc which makes the most important decisions unilaterally. The remaining decisions are, depending on the visible form of government, passed on to various degrees to the public so that they may feel they are participating in the running of their country's affairs. There is, of course, some give-and-take when a special interest group gains too much power, but those can be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. Same reason nobody vandalizes vending machines, even when they're quite literally in the middle of nowhere along the side of an unfrequented road in the countryside. Same reason it's unthinkable for a Japanese to take fruit or berries hanging outside of someone's yard, even when it's falling off the branch and rotting on the ground, and yet they'd hardly think twice in their downtown drunken stupor to steal a bicycle to get them home after the trains had shut down for the night. They have different social norms there. No. The Yakuza generally do not participate in civilian affairs, nor are they interested in "policing", except where someone becomes a personal nuisance to a higher-up or someone disrupts their business. Their primary interest lies in the financial side of mizu-shobai type establishments, gambling, and money laundering. They also offer thug-work-for-hire, which is helpful when the police aren't, but you've got to be careful dealing with them because there tend to be hidden costs to their "help". * whoops. replied at the wrong level :P 3000 years of writing bad Chinese poetry. edit: It's a JOKE, people. What I am saying is that the lack of looting has nothing to do with the Yakuza. While it was in vogue, the nobles would all try their hand, no matter how bad they were at it, and no matter how little they actually knew of the language. Think Janglish, but the Chinese version of it :P I'm usually wary of anyone who argues that mouse and windowed GUI usage wastes precious time, because it tells me that this person prematurely optimizes, focusing on typing and screen navigation time when the idea-to-code bottleneck is actually the part where you THINK before you ACT. The actual time spent hitting keys on the keyboard pales by comparison (or at least it should, unless you're producing unmaintainable code). A better approach to #5 (Do not copy a line more than once) is to make a "template" copy of the line, which will fail to compile, and then make a bunch of copies of that. Example: Template line: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Copy/paste: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Final edit: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_PRIMARYSTATUS), TRUE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIMESPIN), FALSE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIME),); Now when you try to compile, but forgot to update something (such as the missing boolean in the last line), the compiler will complain. There is also boron in the spent fuel pools to further retard neutron production. As well, the steel structures for the spent fuel pools are often made of borated steel. It's not like they just toss the spent fuel into a kiddie pool and call it a day. 1. The programmer market is HOT HOT HOT now. We're having no end of trouble finding developers. 2. You need to take stock of what you've done these past 3 years. How are you different today from when you started? THAT is your "career credit", and you need to figure out how to communicate that to a big company. You probably have a ton of management skills (project management, people management, time management, etc). Big companies like that. 3. There's NOTHING wrong with going to work for a big company. Big company = stability, and after a long roller coaster ride with daily uncertainty, that can be appealing. You can always start over if it turns out you're stuck with the entrepreneurial bug ;-) The key to being an entrepreneur is failing fast, right? You're 3 years in and haven't launched. Why? Do you know what your customers want? Because once you build what they actually want, no matter how crappy your first launch (within reason), you'll have the opposite problem of not being able to retain enough talent to keep up with their demands. You'll be constantly inundated with emails to the effect of "Yeah I really like your product, but it'd be so much better if it did X..." Failing is not just the CEO's decision; it's EVERYBODY'S decision. YOU are an entrepreneur, too. Use your spidey sense! And make sure you're honest about it when you talk to your CEO. If you can't come to common ground, that's too bad, but if you CAN, you might turn this around yet. Also: Read up on Founder's Syndrome if you haven't yet: http://managementhelp.org/misc/founders.htm Edit: And if you're an Android or iPhone developer who's interested in education and games and lives in the bay area, forget everything I just said. Your company is beyond help and you should come work with us ;-) We're MindSnacks. We do bite-sized mobile learning in a fun way that makes people come back for more! You should be receiving a message in your mailbox shortly. Side note, but stretching before exercise increases the chance of injury. http://sportsmedicine.about.com/cs/flexibility/a/aa022102a.h... I was wrong; there hasn't yet been a causal relationship established between pre-exercise stretching and increased injury (though some studies do suggest such a relationship). The studies do agree in general, however, that stretching before exercise does NOT reduce the chance of injury. Some scientific articles this time: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stretching+injuries+stud... Ah, the refrain of the neat freaks who feel a desperate need to trumpet their position (and obliquely judge all dissenters), justifying with simplistic metaphors that have no scientific basis... How quickly we fall off the bus! Agreed. Albert Einstein's political views were laughably naive, for example. An example: "War seems to me a mean, contemptible thing: I would rather be hacked in pieces than take part in such an abominable business. And yet so high, in spite of everything, is my opinion of the human race that I believe this bogey would have disappeared long ago, had the sound sense of the nations not been systematically corrupted by commercial and political interests acting through the schools and the Press." When considered against thousands of years of human history, documenting wars large and small, and the events leading up to them, such a view of the innate goodness of fellow man that is pure and would never wage war but for the corrupting influence of the elite, comes off as incredibly naive. When compared and contrasted with, for example, Machiavelli and his discourses on the first decade of Titus Livius, Einstein comes off like an episode of the Care Bears. Great. Wonderful. So what does it mean to "win" the test? What do any of those numbers even mean? A paper written with the goal of providing the minimum amount of information in the maximum amount of words. By not identifying themselves, they cut themselves off from the best talent. Nobody worth their salt will waste their time applying to a mystery company when there are many other companies who they DO know about and can get passionate about. Facebook is actively hiring government insiders in the hopes of gaining more political influence, and so they are changing in order to become more in-line with US foreign policy and thus further improve the relationship. Blasphemy! Blasphemy I say! There is a theory that the connection between the right and left hemisphere of the human brain has been diminishing over generations (The ancients used to audibly hear the voice of the gods, which was likely the right hemisphere, but that ability diminished around 4-5000 years ago). I wonder if all these psychadelic drugs are doing is enhancing the communication between right and left, or perhaps suppressing the left such that the right takes greater charge? The left does, after all, have very narrow focus as opposed to the right, which processes greater but less focused patterns. I've read a few books over the years that touch upon the subject, but I don't remember anything online (It's been quite a number of years since I've visited the subject). I do know that Colin Wilson subscribes to the theory, so some of his nonfiction works might be helpful (I seem to remember something in The Criminal History of Mankind). Large companies work by inertia. Google is actually more agile for its size, but it's still a big company and ruled by inertia. In a large company, the majority of people don't know each other, and don't communicate on a daily basis. This means that things of interest get passed from person to person, usually by email, and so the original intent of the message tends to get lost due to the 3rd or 4th reader having no idea what kind of person the original writer is, what his writing style is, whether he's being serious or joking, etc. As a result, you end up with lots of requests for clarification, especially where it's an event that falls outside of the normal routine. It takes a lot to rile up a company, but Andrew did it expertly, pushing all the buttons his background in sociology and politics gave him a solid understanding of. Notice how it went through three separate "request for clarification" requests, each more formal than the last. Each time, he responded in a passive-aggressive manner that re-pushed those same buttons. As it pushed its way through the various departments and echelons of the company, such a message would become more and more threatening as the person became less and less known. People go into CYA mode (better safe than sorry), the company momentum changes and things start rolling. Let's look at the course of events again: 1: Andrew is intercepted by someone who is probably a manager (notice his description "Agitated Chubby White Male", with the connotations of bourgeoisie). 2: The manager takes Andrew to explain the situation to security (pointing out that the security guard is a black man in a menial job, with "sedate" added for connotations of passively accepting his proletariat fate). 3: Security contacts Transvideo to get clarification from Andrew and find out his intentions (notice his description "so that the issue can be filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", with the connotations of the soulless bureocratic corporate machine). At this point, the security department is unsure of Andrew's intentions. Was it just harmless curiosity? Is he a plant, trying to dig up dirt to embarrass Google? They can't know for sure, so they ask him to clarify his position. What Andrew sends back is a passive-aggressive letter covering class, race, and labor, all hot button topics. His manager asks for even more clarification. People are getting very nervous at this point. Andrew's response is political dynamite, once again using passive-aggressive techniques to all but accuse Google of racist discriminatory labor practices. That someone with "backgrounds in sociology and political philosophy" wouldn't understand what panic his second letter would produce is incredibly hard to believe. In fact, Andrew's entire description is so slanted and colored that I'm inclined to suspect that he deliberately set about getting himself fired so that he could trumpet "Google is Evil!" from his blog, Michael Moore style. > Passive-aggressive is something like "I respect your right to your opinion, no matter how steeped in white male professional privilege it may be." Or something like "found it interesting that these workers, who perform labor similar to that of many red-badge contractors, such as software engineers, custodians, security guards, etc., are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals, take the shuttle, ride a bike, or step foot anywhere else on campus." Or "I was not aware of how secretive the Book Search project is" Or "understand how seriously my curiosity could jeopardize not only my own job and Transvideos’ relationship with Google" > His statements are completely factual, even underplayed. His statements are very slanted. "chubby white man", "extremely confidential area", "filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", "Ralph, the millionaire who owns Transvideo", and others I mentioned previously are carefully crafted to paint Google (and Transvideo) in the light of not only an exploiter of minorities, but also a petty company that cares more about their data integrity than people. > I didn't even hear any ill-will towards the company There's plenty of ill will and contempt there, seething beneath the surface in that passive-aggressive voice. For companies: Hire the absolute best you can find. Your goal should be to find people who are better than you at what you do. You need to hit every source of talent and try your damn best to get the best. Failing that, settle for someone who is only as good as you are. This is monumentally important with your first 4-5 hires as it sets the bar and sets the culture. For job seekers: They are interviewing you, but YOU are also interviewing THEM. If you are not passionate about what they are doing, it's probably not a good fit. If they are unwilling to listen to you give a better solution than the one they thought of, there's probably something wrong with their culture. If they are offended that you found a bug in their code or test, that's a huge red flag already. Now, in big companies you can get away with coasting along, working as a simple code monkey. If that's what you want (not saying it's a bad thing), then you need neither passion nor aptitude to get a decent wage working an easy job. If, however, you crave something bigger and more rewarding, you need to seek out companies that are passionate about the same things you are. In a market as hot as this one, there are a LOT of passionate companies looking for talented people (especially startups!). They're ninja-rockstars. That's why they stay out of the limelight ;-) Both Apple and Google are chipping away at the carriers. You can't just throw ultimatums at the big players in the arena and expect them to say "Oh ok. We'll make it all open, sure!". Apple has capitulated on a number of issues. So has Google. But you know what? We now have phones that are orders of magnitude more open than they've ever been thanks to the quid-pro-quo of those two pioneering companies. Google initially came on too strong, but found they didn't have the clout to push the level of openness they wanted, and so now they're taking a gentler approach. The carriers need to see a benefit to themselves before they move, and even then they'll move very slowly. Google and Apple know this, which is why they apply pressure gently and steadily. They understand and exploit the politics, which is why they are so successful. The proof is in the pudding. Just look at the market share. What you really want is something along the lines of: void myMethod() { disposable File myFile = new File(somePath); // ... do stuff with the file // "disposable" modifier causes myFile to be // forcibly destroyed upon leaving scope for any // reason (except if the disposable object itself // is returned from the method). } An idiom designed specifically for the purpose of resource management would make for a far cleaner implementation than shoehorning an existing mechanism. You'd probably also need to add checking for references to the object by still-living objects (i.e. objects not eligible for gc). If any live object has a reference to the disposable object, its "disposable" status gets removed. Similarly, returning the disposable object from the method also strips its "disposable" status. It would add extra processing at the end of the scope level, but generally methods that create/use resources don't need to be lightning fast anyway. You could even add the "disposable" modifier to class definitions, making all instances of that class disposable by default (and thus destroyed unless referenced or returned). My answer would be to create a shortcut in the existing reference system of the gc. Invoke a subset of the gc which checks a reduced list of object references made from that scope or deeper. Reference counted systems only work if you don't create cyclic (strong) references, so that argument is moot. In fact, reference counted systems can deal with resource objects easily so long as the compiler/interpreter ensures that pending autoreleases are executed when unwinding the stack during an exception. You can't beat confirmation bias. It's wired into human braaaaaains. I created a universal framework template for iPhone/iOS (lets you build static frameworks that work on device and simulator): https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework Also, a nicer interface to iPhone audio: https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone I also put out my Objective-C programmer's toolbox: https://github.com/kstenerud/Objective-Gems If you find yourself asking others to make your decisions for you, the correct answer is inaction, since you'd only do it halfheartedly anyway. My beef is that nutritional "experts" tend to reverse their "advice" every 5-10 years. - X is bad - No, actually X is good. - No, it turns out X is actually bad after all. - No, actually it's Y that's causing all our problems. - Wait, no, it's Z. And then along comes the marketing blitz. "No salt", "Sugar free" "glucose free" "gluten free" "made with cane syrup" "cholesterol free" "fat free" "no saturated fat" "no trans fat" and now "carb free", no doubt. And then the vitamin supplement and herbal crowd come out to flog their latest crackpot diets and exercise regimens and trans-yogic-meta-druidic-ninjutsu-meditation. Yes, I rage much :P Pope Urban VIII's beef with Cassini wasn't over his assertion that Copernicus was right, but rather because Cassini was asserting that which he could not prove. He was basically saying that he was right and everyone else was wrong and they should just believe him because he was right. The pope said (rightly so) that unless Cassini could offer proof as to the cause of planets allegedly circling the sun, he should present both the Copernicus and Ptolemy model and leave it up to the reader to make up his mind. (He couldn't prove it because the theory of gravitation was not known at the time) Instead, Galileo tricked a priest into printing his book without a papal seal of approval, after he had promised the pope that he would present the Copernicus model as a hypothesis and not as proven fact. So, in this case, the church was on the side of the scientific method. You don't just assert something extraordinary without some extraordinary evidence to back it up. The church changes character along with those in power, so comparing the church of then to the church of now is not very meaningful, nor is talking about contemporary church views in contrast to past views. Pope Urban VIII had at one point actually encouraged Galileo's teachings, but Galileo himself was known to be arrogant and headstrong, having little patience for bureaucracy, and virtually no tact when dealing with others, especially if they disagreed with him. There are a number of ways Galileo could have approached things: 1. Present both the Ptolemy and Copernicus models, along with the arguments for each. 2. Delay publication until he could build a fully working model, rather than a series of observations and assertions. 3. Defy authority, fraudulently publish, and damn the ignorant fools in power. Option 1 would have been the best approach, as it would be the least jarring to established knowledge and would provide a wedge for new ideas. Option 2 would likely stir up controversy at a later date, but would not involve insubordination. Option 3 was pretty much guaranteed to blow up, much like an employee directly disobeying his boss to his face. Even if he and the pope had been the bestest of buds, there would have been no way politically for the pope to ignore his behavior. (As it was, the pope flew into a rage when he found out that Galileo had published behind his back) Not in the "pure" scientific method, but in practice, no such thing exists. There is always politics to consider, and Galileo considered wrong. One might be inclined to believe that Louis XIV was acting as a benefactor when he invited Cassini to France, but in reality he was using it as yet another wedge against the papacy (along with other things such as the Declaration of the Clergy of France) in order to secure more power for himself in France. Freedom of expression is all about the political climate you find yourself in, and the successful disruptor is he who takes this into account when planning his campaign. Actually, that analogy is very apt. The existing authority will not accept new theories replacing the old until VERY compelling evidence has been brought forth (this happens even today in the secular world, and that's a GOOD thing). Creationism will have a very hard time displacing the existing accepted scientific body of theory and evidence, as has been seen by their constant failures in the past. But sneaking it in under the radar by "presenting both theories" has gained them more traction than any other strategy they've attempted so far. What the pope was telling Galileo to do was, in effect, the same thing. Sneak the idea in on the coattails of established "truth", and then it'll be a lot easier to embellish it to fullness later. So I retract my previous statement that the church was on the side of scientific inquiry. In fact, both cases involve intellectual fraud, in that an idea is not allowed to stand on its own merits, but rather requires political machinations in order to be injected into society at large (but then again, when was that ever not the case?). The only difference is that Galileo's teachings were actually true, and creationism is actually false, but we only have that knowledge with the benefit of hindsight. I'm saying to be pragmatic, because it will get you a lot farther than would outright defiance. Too many idealists go down in flames because they're simply unwilling to see the broader picture containing people, power, and the relationships that drive them. There is a time and place for defiance. Get it wrong, and your cause can be set back years, decades, perhaps even centuries. Galileo's defiance and life under house arrest would have been but a footnote in history had king Louis not extended his invitation to Cassini, and that would not have happened had Louis not considered himself strong enough to defy Rome, and he would not have even cared to defy Rome had Rome not held such a stranglehold on the appointment of priests in Europe. So even though Galileo was foolhardy and naive, it turned out alright due to political circumstances that he never even considered. It was a massive risk to the future of science that Galileo didn't even consider, but had he taken a more temperate approach and bided his time for a better opportunity, none of this would even have been necessary. There are many more cases of idealists who were not so lucky. This is not about how the world "ought to be", but rather the way things are (and, in fact, always have been). So basically an Either is for returning a different (ostensibly error) type in a language that normally cares about the declared return type in a method signature? How would that work for passing the result to another method for analysis? Relax the rules there too? Wouldn't that require doing away with compiler/interpretor type enforcement altogether? (not that I have a problem with that) I would disagree. If I happened to be in the job market, and my potential employer were to look at my github profile (yes, we do look at your github profile) and find "bigdicksucker" as one of the repos I'm apparently a "contributor" on, well, that wouldn't look too good, would it? Find a license that matches your needs and put notices in all your source files. http://www.opensource.org/licenses/category You own copyright on the work, and there's no giving away those rights by licensing it. Furthermore, there's nothing stopping you from granting someone else a different license to the source (one permitting commercial use in consideration of a fee paid to you, for example). The license permits others to do what you've licensed them to do. It places no restrictions on you, the copyright holder, except that you cannot revoke a license for code already released to someone unless the license permits such action (which no open source licenses do, as far as I know). "fixed date" in this case means "We have the following list of features we want in the product, to be launched as our big update. How many months will it take? (and we'll hold you to that exact date)" The further ahead you must forecast, the less accurate your estimate will be. In many organizations, the hapless architect is asked to give a solid date for a laundry list of features, many of which he can't research very well up front. Many technologies exist to solve a number of the problems, but the experienced architect KNOWS that each and every one of those technologies will fail to work, be poorly documented, be poorly supported, contain subtle bugs that affect nobody else but him, be incompatible with existing infrastructure, etc. There will be a great number of dead ends, which can only be discovered once the team has spent a good amount of time learning the technologies via documentation, web searches, object code disassembly, threatening vendors' families and pets, and so on. And fixing these emerging problems will involve other technologies, each with their own problems, resulting in a factorial solution set. This is why the traditional method of estimation has been to estimate how long you expect it to take with a lot of things going wrong, and then triple it (you triple it so that you can be "talked down" to double, even though that increases the risk of going over). In short, long term project completion forecasts are a fairy tale, and so anyone who expects you to adhere to them makes agility near impossible. If anyone does KVO on your object, they will be sent a "property changed" notification when you call self.myvar = nil in your dealloc method. It's quite likely that whoever gets notified of the property change will attempt to access your object, but now your object is in a half-destroyed state. 95% of code can run an order of magnitude slower than "optimal" with no discernable degradation of the user experience. If a bus lock degrades your performance too much, either change your algorithm, or isolate that section of code and do it in another language that doesn't suffer the same performance issues. And does anyone with a high school level education in history even understand WHY the archduke of Austria was assassinated? Or WHY none of the powers at the time could pull out of the resulting domino effect? Or the onerous terms of the treaty after the first war? Or the discontent it sowed, leaving fertile ground for a dictator to emerge? Without this context, how could WW2 ever be understood? And even this is glossing over a lot of important stuff, such as the various nations' foreign policy, public sentiment, local politics, and how it affected pretty much every operation of the war. Who even remembers operation Market Garden or why it was significant? Does anyone even know why and how bombing of metropolitan centers even started? Of course not! Easier to say goodies vs baddies and forget the details. History is already taught without any useful context in school. It's rendered so dry and boring and detached from humanity that I'm surprised ANY learning happens at all. Khan is doing very high level, very loose connections at the moment which, I'll admit, contain even less information than the school system pulp. However, I'd be interested in seeing how deep he goes with subsequent videos before passing judgment. The quality of academia has been in decline for almost a century now as the bar has been progressively lowered by financial and political pressures in order to make them more "accessible to the common man". A post-secondary education is still somewhat useful in teaching one how to think, and in exposing one to higher ideas, but it's nowhere near the level of excellence of previous ages. A simple reading of theses and journals past expose the stark differences in thought. Storm in a teacup. English is the new lingua-franca. As opposed to: point-click-drag, CMD-X, scroll, point-click, CMD-V Or for replacing a word at an arbitrary location with other text: scroll, point-double-click, type. Eschewing a tool for "purity's" sake is not a virtue. Actually, they did exist back then. All text based, of course, so we tended to use specialized telnet programs that supported macros and scripting. Side projects are not a matter of "having an unfulfilling day job". A side project is simply scratching an itch. That itch could be something that bothers you, or it could be simple curiosity. I have a very fulfilling day job (I'm a co-founder of an awesome startup, which makes it more of a fulfilling day&night job), but that doesn't mean I won't explore other things, try out new technologies, find something that sucks and make it better, latch onto an idea and build it while thinking "how hard can it be?" (Answer: it can be VERY hard) Side projects are an outward expression of people who are hopelessly creative and just can't help themselves. The CONTENTS of those side projects demonstrate how organized, focused, and disciplined they are. This is a knee-jerk reaction from someone who has been bitten. The fact is, EVERY worthwhile venture has failure waiting at every step. Every good idea has a multitude of people doing it poorly for each rare person doing it right. And whatever industry you find yourself in is the one that will seem the most fucked up because it's the one you're closest to. It's an imperfect world we live in, and that's not going to change. But if you're childish enough to expect things to go your way without YOU taking charge of and responsibility for your affairs, don't expect any sympathy. Who dares, wins. I saw the exact opposite. The guilds that performed the best, got first kill, turned the newest content into farm status the quickest, were guilds that had one man at the top. He would have officers to whom he would delegate most of the operations, and with whom he would confer as the guild was tackling new content, but in the end his word was final. And it worked wonderfully until eventually the leader left without appointing someone competent enough to fill his shoes. It was the complete opposite with "committee" based guilds. Everything there was about your standing in the council, who you could bring to "your side", infighting, inertia, analysis paralysis, cliques, rifts, you name it. It was a mess, and most raid nights were spent dying in very stupid and careless ways. DKP hoarding and loot cockblocking would become commonplace. Morale would plummet, the good players would leave, and eventually the guild would fold, be absorbed, or just wallow in suckiness. It doesn't compare at all. We tried it out as a way of prototyping iPhone game ideas, but it didn't even have the concept of arrays, which made anything beyond the absolute most simple game state impossible. You can't build serious games without a powerful programming language. An anonymous poster's behavior is indicative of what that person is really like. With nothing to fear, there is nothing to inhibit you. Absolute power has a similar effect, with demonstrable results throughout history. Very few people have the moral character and discipline to comport themselves in a civilized manner without an external counterbalance to their impulses. Good point, but he takes it wayyyyy too far. Less emphasis on the landing page = good. NO emphasis on the landing page = bad. I had no idea what his site was about until I read the blog post. And even now I'm still not very clear on what service he actually provides that can't be accomplished in a facebook or twitter post: "BBQ. My place. Sunday at 6." The short answer: Security is HARD. The long answer: When even OpenSSH, a product dedicated to security, with highly trained, security focused minds, has new vulnerabilities coming to light on a regular basis, chances are this isn't an easily solved problem. There can be any number of reasons why a security hole exists, covering laziness, incompetence, ignorance, or simple mistakes. Unless you can mathematically prove the correct functioning of your program (no small feat), there are bugs in it, and chances are some of those bugs are security vulnerabilities. There have been numerous attempts at protecting so-called "data-only" memory, but thus far they have not stopped buffer overrun exploits completely. The only way to be more sure that your program is not vulnerable to memory pointer exploits is to use a language that doesn't expose pointers to the programmer. But then you sacrifice speed and executable code size. And even then you can't be 100% sure because the compiler and runtime have bugs in them. The more safety you bake into a language, the slower programs written in it will run. And even then, you're only safe until the next generation of exploits come out that take advantage of something nobody thought would be a security hole. And round and round we go. I've already had my fill of "idea guys". Somehow, almost every one seems to think that merely coming up with a cool idea while drunk one night automatically entitles them to 50% of the profits (after YOU build and ship it). A successful startup requires all aspects of a business: - leadership - sales - marketing - market research - competitor research - product research - product development - product shipping & deployment - contacts in key areas related to your business - strategic planning - financial management - employee management - investor management - lots and lots and lots and lots of paperwork - and of course a million other little things you discover along the way Some of this can be learned as you go, but the most likely startups to succeed have a large portion of these areas covered by the founders, at least in the book learning sense. So whenever I'm approached by an idea guy, my questions usually go like this: - "Great idea. So who else is doing it?" (red flag for "nobody") - "Who is going to buy this?" (red flag for "everybody") - "How do you know that [group x] is going to buy it?" (I'm looking for something better than a hunch) - "How much starting capital do you have?" (got to at least have ramen money) - "Who have you spoken to about funding?" (red flag for "nobody", unless they are bootstrapping with their own money and have enough for 6 months of runway and a plan for after that) - "Are you going to do this full time?" (If not, this conversation is over) - "What skills are you bringing to the table?" (Must have at least half of the list above, or have other interested co-founders who fill many of the gaps) So if you're looking for a technical co-founder, make sure you're bringing a business to the table, not just an idea. If you want the unix experience, stay in the shell. Use vim or emacs and become a passionate follower of either of those religions (but not both; nobody likes a cleverdick). Actually, it's hard to do powerful things in OSX without using shell commands, just like it's hard to do in any graphical environment. But once you drop to shell, it's all unix. That being said, use the right tool for the job. If you're writing mac or iOS software, use Xcode. In what way? Entrepreneurs are still failing and then eventually hitting home runs. Steve's full name is still Steven P. Jobs. And the US can still complete as both a low-cost and a world-class manufacturer. I see this as the open source equivalent of firing your customer. Just as there exists a certain kind of customer who increases the difficulty in running a business, so too there exists a certain kind of user who increases the difficulty in running an open source project. The project as a whole will be much healthier in the long run with the small percentage of users who generate the largest amount of grief removed from the equation. Richard is deliberately making things difficult for Firefox. It doesn't matter that he's "taking the time to highlight a bug". It doesn't matter what his street cred is. He's behaving like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. If he started stomping his feet and screaming at someone in my house for serving the potatoes too soft, I'd throw him out. For reference (firing your customer): http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2006/04/the_customer... All I know is that I was so deathly bored in school that I stopped showing up. It got so bad that they threatened to expel me despite my protestations that I was maintaining high grades without even showing up to class, and getting scholarships. Would I have excelled in a "gifted" program? Probably, provided the material wasn't so trivial, dull, and repetitive. Would everyone benefit from a significantly increased difficulty? I'm not so sure. Holding students to a high standard, and taking time to engage with them such that you earn their respect will of course raise student performance. However, applying the word "gifted" en masse simply dilutes the earlier meaning of the word. I'm far more interested in code that works when it ships than code that works the first time it's run. Code that works the first time it's run is magical, and therein lies the problem: Magic code is untested and unproven code. It offers a false sense of security, which is why it fills experienced developers with a sense of dread. Until you prove that code's correctness (such as with tests), it is almost certain that it has nasty bugs in it that your initial successful run haven't uncovered. So what does having it work the first time give you? Bragging rights, maybe, but nothing of any real value to shipping code. My point is that code that "works" the first time is at best a false optimization. It takes more time to prove the code than it does to write the code, and it generally takes more time to design the code than it takes to prove it. Syntax errors are caught by the compiler, and are very quick to fix. Semantic errors are usually caught by compiler warnings (provided you turn them on) and by static analyzers, and are also quick and easy to fix. Anything more insidious will not be uncovered by code that "works" the first time it's run, so you really haven't saved yourself anything. My mistake for assuming that HN didn't follow the Reddit pattern of downvoting anything that disagrees with the hivemind... And founders It's just a pain to bart/caltrain/drive every day. > I get on the plane and sit next to a guy who avoids eye contact, does not respond to Hi and then starts praying, seemingly detached from the reality. Shall I just ignore this and refuse to be terrorized? If you're freaking out at something as harmless as this, the problem isn't the other guy. This is the same kind of overinflated danger mentality that bars men from playing chess in a park near a playground on suspicion that they are child molesters. http://www.nypost.com/p/news/local/manhattan/kiddie_pawn_sho... Meanwhile, things that are orders of magnitude more likely to cause harm are ignored. Seriously, why are you all voting this guy down? He's expressing an honest opinion, not trolling. Just because you disagree is no reason to downvote, especially since HN fades the text until it's near impossible to read, making discussion harder. There are two kinds of terrorists: The desperate and the insane. A life of terrorism is very unstable, and usually quite brutal and short. The desperate join up because the only other alternative is rolling over and either dying or becoming enslaved in some way. Theirs is a rational choice. The insane are men who crave power to such a degree that there is little they won't do to secure it, but in order to succeed they need numbers. That's where the desperate come in. People prefer order to chaos. Order brings prosperity and security. But when there's no hope of prosperity or security, people start to look for ways to change the political landscape to improve their chances of surviving as a group. The closer they feel they are to having their lives or culture or way of life annihilated, the more desperate they become. (It's worth noting that you can manufacture greater desperation in the minds of people around a kernel of real desperation, which makes for an effective recruiting tactic, especially among the religious) If you want to stop terrorism, you must work to end the source of their desperation. Once you remove (or diminish) the desperate from the equation, the insane will neither be able to form numbers of any notability, nor secure the goodwill of others. They will be treated as they are: criminally insane. I haven't accumulated enough frequent flyer points to downvote yet. Not sure (and don't really care) how many I need, but when I do get it in a year or two, I doubt I'd downvote anything except obvious trolls. The article itself argues that we consume music in a way that is fundamentally different from the way we consume television shows and movies, thus rendering the comparison invalid. The author begins by accurately portraying the general ignorance of the study of philosophy, and how this attitude greatly diminishes the perceived value of such studies. I was in agreement until the post took a sharp turn into veiled conspiracies, where those in authority are seemingly fully aware of how incompetent or corrupt authority can be undermined by questions, and actively seek to stamp out independent thought. I find myself even less in agreement when he uses Socrates as an example. Socrates was not killed because of his teachings. He was killed because he was a callous man who held little regard for the egoes he crushed by speaking truth bereft of tact, and in doing so made many enemies. The actual charges used against him were the same sort of trumped up charges you commonly see used to railroad a political enemy. Indeed, he was able to fully demonstrate that Meletus has no real evidence against him, but when you've offended the powerful who have influence over the proceedings, you have little hope of escaping the noose. When it comes down to it, Occam's Razor makes for an effective tool. Is this a great conspiracy against philosophers, or is it ignorance of philosophy, and thus its merits, leading to this careless dismantling U. Nevada's philosophy department? What mental gymnastics? We don't know what this DNA does, nor why it was useful in an evolutionary sense to keep it. > Also, I'm amused by an article about injustices in the criminal system where everyone pictured is a well-off white man. That is by design, since the stereotype for "middle class" is the well-off white man, and this article is attempting to motivate the middle class. Revolutions only happen when a critical mass of the middle class switches sides. What does this have to do with the blog post? Because we all know that engineering doesn't exist outside of building web apps. It comes down to a question of culture. In many organizations I've been a part of: * Asking is regarded as an admission of failure (and failure is regarded as a bad thing). Asking more questions (or even worse, clarification on an answer) can jeopardize your standing among your bosses, and, by virtue of the culture they cultivate, among your peers. * Missing a deadline for any reason is a permanent mark against you, to be trotted out on every review and used as a reason to keep your salary low (I actually had a boss LOWER my salary, at which point I left in disgust) * Reporting something done is an invitation for a dressing-down, where your boss humiliates you for everything not done to his satisfaction. And so, with a culture of fear firmly in place, the standard operating procedure is: 1. Never ask questions. Do a shitty job if you can't do a good job and try to cover it up as best you can, or better yet, unload the project onto someone else. 2. Never report something "done" if you can avoid it. This gives you some "wiggle room" when the boss comes down on you over everything that's wrong with it. 3. Never say that you'll miss a deadline. Cut corners if you have to. Miracles sometimes happen. Maybe this time you'll win the lottery. Now that I'm a founder, I'm working hard to undo that culture, keep fear out of the equation, and encourage communication and experimentation (along with the possibility of failure). It's amazing to watch someone go at it when they're uninhibited by fear. A better question is: If Steve Jobs started talking to you about a revolutionary idea that was going to change the world, what would you do? Chances are, you'd nod your head, smile, and go about your day. And then, a few years later, you'll hear about this super successful company run by some guy called Steve Jobs, and you'll be kicking yourself for not getting in on the ground floor of his operation. Except that you couldn't recognize that kind of success early unless you had experience investing in that kind of person. And you'd only hear about his smashing success, not the long hard road fraught with peril and failure that he travelled in order to arrive where he is today. Nothing comes for free. I'm saddened (but not surprised) at the negative reaction to the google boob picture. The fact is, there's nothing bad about that picture at all, and Tom is not a misogynist for posting it. Take a close look. There are 3 people in that photo. All three are smiling. All three are having fun. What exactly is wrong with that photo? Is it bad because it portrays the woman as a sex object? Why is that bad? Does it means that all women are sex objects? Obviously not. Does it mean that the woman in the photo is ONLY good for sex? Obviously not. So what's wrong with the photo? Is it because it encourages men to think of all women that way? Has any such sort of causal link been found? How many men at your office slap you on the ass on a daily basis? How many of them take you right there, on the office desk, just like in a pornographic magazine's depiction? What percentage of men behave like creeps? 1%? Do you honestly think that the only thing keeping the other 99% from going on a rape orgy is that they haven't been fed enough sexist propaganda? Do you think that the 1% would magically stop if you could just remove all material you find objectionable from the world? Who is to blame for the inappropriate behavior of these creeps? Licentious media? Just like violent video games turn our children into vicious killers? Just like marijuana turns people into psychopaths? If someone stabs someone with a kitchen knife, do you blame Henkel? If someone steals a car, do you blame Grand Theft Auto? If someone rapes a woman, do you blame pornography? Blaming someone else for a person's bad behavior is naive, childish, and dangerous. The person to correct is the person who committed the act. So what's wrong with that photo? Is it because its sexual nature offended some people? Some people are offended by a picture of two guys kissing. Should we condemn that too? Do you believe in the possibility of some women actually ENJOYING being treated like a sex object? If not, your objection becomes very understandable. It's fairly common to wrongly assume that everyone else thinks the same way as you do. If the thought of being treated that way disgusts you, then you'd probably assume that nobody in their right mind would enjoy it. You'd probably go through a laundry list of reasons why someone would participate: * She was coerced into it * She's not in her right mind * She was drugged or drunk The problem is that this line of thinking leads to the misogynistic view that women are somehow incapable of making their own decisions (we see this already in legislation that excuses the woman for having sex while drunk, but not the man). Suddenly, woman is a poor, defenseless creature who must be protected from everybody, especially herself. So what's wrong with that photo? All three members are consenting and enjoying themselves. Who are you to criticize their choice? Therein lies the problem. I haven't seen sexism in the workplace. I'd certainly condemn it if I did, but I haven't. Is that still not enough? Should I carry around a placard denouncing the sexists everywhere I go? Should I just take the word of someone who got burned by something that there's a huge problem, without anything beyond anecdotal evidence to back up the claim? Should I do the same for racists? How about homophobes? How about bullies? How about people who leave stuff to rot in the communal fridge? Am I anti-gay because I don't attend gay rallies? Am I complicit in animal cruelty because I don't volunteer for the SPCA? Am I anti-veteran because I don't help out at the local homeless shelter? Come to my workplace and point out the sexism, and I'll act to stop it. Otherwise, don't paint me with your brush. This whole "If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem" attitude is getting old. That's my point. There are a million different causes I can become a part of. What makes sexism so special that I must pay special attention to it? Every example given so far has been rather obvious to recognize as inappropriate behavior. Like any other inappropriate behavior, I'll deal with it as it comes. But I'm certainly not going to champion the cause, and you certainly have no right to criticize me for refusing to do so. > On the contrary, I have every right to criticize you for doing so. Why wouldn't I have that right? This is either: 1. Someone facetiously arguing semantics. 2. Someone who believes that their pet cause trumps all others. Either way, it's a discussion ender. I hope there's an option to put the forward button back in. I use it a lot. Except that chrome's version obscures the navigation links in a lot of websites, which means you have to be quick to point and click in order to be able to navigate before the popup info tooltip blocks your click. It happens to me all the time when I use Review Board on a big commit (which spans multiple pages). Just had it happen now on the latest Chrome. I have to move the mouse around and play dodge-the-tooltip and hope I get lucky. Invention vs re-use. Unless the candidate is willing to take an honest, logical approach to this decision (involving defendable reasoning), I'd be wary. Is it a solved problem? No? Invent it. Is the solution available to you within your constraints? No? Make your own implementation (unless there's a way to acceptably compromise in the design). Is the solution cost-effective to use (performance, ease-of-use, bugginess, support, etc)? No? Make a better implementation. Otherwise just re-use an existing solution. When it comes to deciding whether to champion someone's cause or not, yes. How would you feel if someone started criticizing you for not getting on a plane to Darfur to rebuild war torn villages? How about your choice not to get on a boat to blockade tankers? How about your choice not to hand out flyers for the SPCA? How about your choice not to partake in attempts to pierce Gaza blockades? I could name many more causes you're guilty of not partaking in. The question actually is: Are YOU justified in criticizing others who don't share your zeal in a particular cause? Because by judging others, so too are you judged. This smacks of a "kids these days" article. I remember similar articles in the 80s and 90s bemoaning how "programmers these days" didn't know how to use a protocol analyzer or logic probe, or didn't know that xor made for a faster register clear operation (or moveq for 68k fans), or any other number of esoteric trivia that, while useful in context, did not usually contribute significantly towards a programmer's ability to get the job done. My first debugger was an in-circuit-emulator for a Z80. It was the size of a small television set, had a crappy UI, and limited functionality. Today's debuggers can be hosted on the system itself, and have become so powerful that most people don't know how to use them to maximum effect (myself included). IDEs check your code as you type. No more writing something in VI, compiling, tracking down the cryptic error messages your compiler spat out and trying to figure out where the REAL error is because the compiler is dumb. You're shielded from the ugliness underneath, and for 99.9% of cases that's more than enough. Do "kids these days" really need to know the sound of a hard drive dying? The last drive I heard going bad was in the 90s. Since then drives have become so quiet that you'd need a stethoscope to even hear the arm thrashing (which is why I use RAID). And how useful is the knowledge that you can open up a frozen drive and spin it up with your finger going to be as disks are replaced by SSDs? We live in the future, where things have gotten a LOT better. Do the new batch of developers really need to know assembly language? After moving to "fluffy" languages, I only twice found need to use it (once to disassemble a stack dump from a JNI crash, and once to monkey patch a buggy device driver). Twice in all my years since using Java, Python, PHP, Objective-C, Scheme, COBOL, VB, and C#. Was it damn handy to have the right skill at an opportune time? Hell yeah. Does EVERYONE need this skill? Hell no. How about bit packing? Memory has become so cheap and plentiful that even routers come with 16MB or more. Beyond low level networking and peripheral protocols, what use is there in packing up bits and coming up with clever encoding schemes that make for complicated (and potentially buggy) codec routines? Saving one byte in a packet header is hardly the triumph it once was. All the "kids these days" need to know is their algorithms, profiling, debugging, multithreading issues, and how to write well structured, maintainable code in their paradigm of choice. The rest is usually industry specific, and can be learned as-you-go. Don't worry about the kids. The kids are alright. Yeah, that's great and all, but the fact is, the percentage of female engineers is very low to begin with, and in today's environment where talented and available engineers is incredibly low, you simply don't have the luxury to pass on qualified applicants in the hopes that someone who meets your "diversity quota" will show up. I look for the following when hiring: - Aptitude: Can they do the work? - Attitude: Are they excited about what we do and the position being offered? - Flexibility: Are they prepared to step outside the "role" and help out in areas that we don't have fully covered? - Creativity: Are they going to come up with innovative solutions to the various problems we'll face going forward? - Intelligence: Can they learn new things quickly? Things have a habit of changing fast in a startup. - Maturity: Can they behave professionally towards everyone else and keep the work environment a safe, healthy place? If an applicant meets these criteria, we don't stop to see what "group" they belong to; we snatch them up with all speed before someone else does! tl;dr Author didn't like his Android phone, therefore nobody will like their Android phone. It doesn't matter where you live so long as you can be there during a similar timeframe as the rest of the founders. All startups are recruiting to varying degrees, but recruiting the right people is hard, and so we tend to prefer recruiting through contacts. From a job seeker's position, getting involved requires contacts in order to reach founders, and contacts come from socializing. Go to some of the many startup mixers that happen in the area and get to know some influential people. They're the ones who will introduce you to the right founders. tl;dr: Blogger doesn't like bad arguments from obnoxious atheists, so he counters with some of his own. I think the real insight is sorely absent from the article. It seems that most people who undergo higher education do so with the expectation that it will lead to a "higher" job, and that's magical thinking. Sure, higher education is pretty much a requirement for certain classes of jobs, but it's not the only requirement, and it pales compared to the most important requirement: contacts. This is a human world we live in, and humans by nature are friendlier to someone they know than to someone they don't know. I, too, once believed in the entitlement that an education "should" bring, until I looked back at all of the jobs I landed (and the thousands I didn't), and realized that every single job I successfully interviewed for was a direct result of a contact in my network. This is even more important in times of recession, because you're up against a whole army of faceless job seekers, all flooding potential employers with pieces of paper and lamenting the lack of response. If an employer can't put a face to your name, you stand as much a chance of getting in as winning the lottery. It's not really a question of blame. It's terrible for all of these people to be trapped in a lie, but the fact remains that the only way out of it is to realize the truth of the matter and change course. Life never feels sorry for you, no matter how much you've been wronged. That's my point exactly. Always be networking. You misunderstand me. I'm not saying that a degree is unimportant; It is VERY important to getting a good job. Avoid a degree and you hobble yourself severely. The lie is the belief that a degree pretty much guarantees you a job, which it doesn't. The degree is but one step along the way, but most people come out of school believing that it is the only step (followed by that magical "experience" that comes up with the rations), and so have a false sense of entitlement. This is a lie that, though not always told directly, is nonetheless communicated to all students as they pass through the hallowed halls, as they complete difficult courses, as they don the robes and cap, as they "climb the corporate ladder". It's a false sense of security because they've only done part of what they need to do in order to be successful in life, and they don't even realize it! So is it any wonder that uninformed and dispirited job seekers come at the world with plaintive cries of "I have a PHD in X and here I am flipping burgers!"? In short, your CONTACTS get you the interview and a sympathetic ear, and your education, experience, references and personality do the rest. Without the contacts, you probably won't even get in the door to show off the rest. 1 thing entrepreneurs should avoid doing: 1. Following a formula. Visionaries revolutionize. Analysts distill a formula from their success. The mediocre follow the formula and wonder why it didn't work. In order to change the world, you must have vision, ambition, tenacity, and leadership. Without these, no formula or recipe for success will help you. Success formulas should be taken with the same grain of salt as for case studies. They show how someone else was successful, and usually contain nuggets of good advice. They are not blueprints for success. I dunno... If I'm looking for a "low consideration" product, I just go for the cheapest one. They're all the same, so what's the point in going for a particular brand? This is where the "store brands" are nice. For snack food, I check for MSG, which, if present, indicates that they're putting other nasty shit in and using MSG to mask the taste. If it passes that test, I'll try any of them once, then stick with whatever tastes good and has the least amount of ingredients I can't pronounce. Or I'll just buy some trail mix (whichever brand they happen to have). If I'm looking for something I plan to use long term, I go to a number of trusted review sites to see what people are saying about it. I've switched between Seagate, Maxtor, Fujitsu, and WD many times over the years based on which company maintained quality at the time and which one cheaped out (once again, based on reviews from places like Tom's Hardware, Consumer Reports, etc). You'd be amazed at the swings in quality these companies have year-over-year. Same goes for Asus, Abit, Gigabyte, Intel, MSI et all for motherboards, Toyota, Mazda, Ford, GM, Audi, Citroen for automobiles. Glues, power tools, jackets, shoes, bicycles, furniture... the list goes on. If you're not researching them, you're gambling with your money. I could rattle off a huge list of advertising jingles I've heard throughout the years, but I've never paid them any heed in disposables (I buy the cheapest one), nor have I bought big ticket items without some serious research upfront. I'm already aware of how painfully unfunny they are, even with the laugh track (the ones with canned laugh tracks are especially aggravating). I can count the number of good comedy shows over the past 40 years on my hand, and only one of them had a laugh track (Yes, Minister / Yes, Prime Minister). The most important question is: How will he affect office morale? A hotshot employee is great and all, but if his personality problems negatively affect the rest of your crew, it's a net loss. Bad attitudes are infectious. What a terrible idea. I can't think of a worse morale destroyer than this. You may think you're checking commitment levels, but what you're really saying is: "We don't want you. Here's a paltry sum, now scram." If I were given such an offer at ANY company, it would raise so many red flags that I'd take the money and leave. I would have called bullshit on this until America imported reality shows. But even then, everything imported is bastardized in some way. For example, Japanese reality shows are about cooperating to achieve a difficult goal (and sometimes failing in that task). The sympathetic emotional content as you vicariously experience their trials and challenges is the appeal. American reality shows are about fucking each other over in order to be king of the hill. The drama of intrigue, revenge, and defeating enemies to reign supreme is the appeal. If someone needs to be persuaded to participate in open source projects, they shouldn't be participating. You participate in open source to fuel a passion. You do it as an outlet for your creativity. You do it to scratch an itch. You do it after looking at the landscape and saying "I could make it better". If you're doing it for fame, glory, or job prospects, you won't contribute anything decent or noteworthy. I would say that the best motivator for open source is the realization that you, YOU, can make a BIG difference in the world. Looking at all the big projects out there has a tendency to give one a feeling of inadequacy; a feeling that one couldn't even muster up enough talent to contribute to such a project, let alone start one. It's really a matter of putting your ego and the fear of bruising it aside, and diving in. You might produce crap and it might be rejected, or it might not get used at all. But no successful person ever succeeds without failing many times first. In a way, it's a lot like entrepreneurship. You need the fearlessness to say "I'm going to do this, no matter how foolish it seems." Great ideas always seem foolish compared to the wisdom of the crowd, but until you go in a different direction from them, nothing will ever change, and your life will remain dull and boring and pointless. Even if your idea really is foolishness (which often it can be), you'll still live the excitement of your new adventure. Life is too short to live safely. - Better GUI integration - Standardized and complete API going beyond simple libc and POSIX (which are quite long in the tooth now) - Access control lists - Nicer driver system and better driver support To name a few. Cheaper novelists. Like with apps, the new publishing model lowers the bar to entry, resulting in a substantial increase in publishing authors. Stop worrying about the opportunities you've missed. Concentrate on how to catch some of the myriad opportunities whizzing by right now. Utility companies need to block traffic in order to service the public infrastructure. Film studios need to block traffic because traditionally it's been the only way to get street shots, especially when large film crews and big name actors are involved. Both are special cases that require special consideration. What is the special needs use case for a shoe manufacturer? The biggest hurdle is awareness. You need to market the shit out of your product or else no amount of spit & polish will save you from obscurity and dismal sales. Most devs and artists hate marketing, but it's actually THE most important part of your business. If people don't know about you, they can't buy from you. That is definitely a possibility, but not the common practice. Most often, a feature is binned BEFORE any development occurs. In fact, I've only ever seen a feature binned after development started once. It was a feature that we decided was being introduced too early, required too much re-architecting, and wouldn't offer any compelling benefits to our customers. And it saved a LOT of effort and pain to cut the rope early. Binning work in progress is not a good thing, of course. It's actually a failure on the part of the manager. But just as you expect to be forgiven your failures, so too must you forgive others. > Scrum is designed to empower the business, not the developer. Scrum is designed to help you as a COMPANY develop a better process for getting things done with minimal headaches. If as a developer you're opposed to the company and its direction, why are you even working there? It's a question of priorities. Are you working to make a good customer experience or are you working to stroke your own ego? If you're not customer focused, you shouldn't be writing software for other people. > Now, it may be that stripping developers of power is the best way to create good software (we've all seen the god awful usability of some developer-created software). But let's not pretend that this is empowering for the developer, as the author suggests Scrum is. That depends on what you mean by "empowering". Do you mean it in the sense that the developer has the final say on what a program does (i.e. feature set)? Do you mean that the developer has the final say on how it is implemented (i.e. architecture)? I would argue that the developer should NOT have the final say on what a product does, but SHOULD have the final say in how it does it. Product designers decide WHAT it does and how it should look to the customer. The developer's job is to turn that product design into a reality using intimate knowledge of technologies and architectures, and alerting designers to the reality of what developing according to their design involves (time + effort), and coming to a compromise if it's too heavy. > But isn't Agile (of which scrum is part) partly about putting a product out there and seeing how users or customers respond. There is a built in acceptance that some new features are not going to work but you never know until they have been tested out by the end users. Absolutely. If you build something and it doesn't work for your customers, throw it out. If you can't handle that, you're ego focused, not customer focused. > That is kind of my point. Developers don't get the chance to write software for other people. They don't have any say how the software actually works, by which I mean the user journeys, the feature set etc because they have been reduced to simply turning the fickle ideas of product owners into a reality. It seems to me that you want to be the product designer AND engineer. That's fine since you have the abilities of both, but that's not the common case. The ability to write code does not magically confer the ability to design good products. And even then, scrum will help you because you can track the morphing of your designs into concrete products, do the estimation, prioritization, feature cutting, tracking, and do all the throwing out and redesigning of your own stuff as customers respond positively or negatively to your product refinements. And then at the end of it all you can decide how well the process is working in a retrospective, and refine it to work better for you. Scrum is a meta-process; It helps you BUILD a process that works for you, and provides a convenient starting point that works fairly well in general. I've failed at marketing 2 games, and then formed a company with other people, one of whom knows a few things about marketing. The key is to do something that makes you stand out. For the big players, it's easy enough to do by throwing your weight around. For the small players, you have to look for a hack; something that nobody else is doing. Something crazy that makes people look up from their humdrum lives and take notice and say "hey, cool!". Marketing is a continual task that never ends. Unless you manage to capture the mythical "virality" (which 99.9% of products don't), your sales will always be tied to your continued marketing effort. Mostly because geeks in general have no dress sense. I've made numerous attempts at dressing better, but the result is always "dressed to the appropriate level, but everything clashes or is just plain wrong". Maybe one day when I can afford to go to a mens store and say "Dress me and make me look good. I don't care how much it costs", I'll take another stab at it. Would be nice, if I knew how to tell the difference between "nice" and "ugly". It all looks the same to me. I'm still mystified as to how people decide that one piece of clothing "goes" with another, or looks bad with such-and-such. Yet another prime example of "Never assume that other people think the same way you do". You may believe that dressing "poorly" implies disrespect for others, but you're in the minority. Being offended over other peoples mode of dress is pretty lame. The parent post explicitly states that he's talking about "dressing well" vs "dressing formally" (weddings, etc). Also, he's not talking about dressing to the appropriate level to the social task at hand; he's talking about dressing to the appropriate level, but "poorly". That's a lot like a gym-goer looking down his nose at anyone whose abs aren't as ripped as his. People as superficial as that don't even get the time of day from me, let alone respect. "I find poorly dressed people almost as off-putting as catching a scent of someone who didn't put deodorant on seeing too much of someone who doesn't have the decency to wear a belt." Sounds pretty judgmental to me. Actually, I was keeping in kind with the parent post (i.e. focusing not on the level of dress, but simply how well someone dresses within the socially appropriate level). Some people are better dressers than others. Getting offended simply because someone's shirt "clashes" with their pants is as pathetic as ripping on someone because they can't do math in their head. Awesome! Thanks! I've made countless attempts at fashion over the past 20 years, but it's always ended in failure. The fact that people say my father dresses poorly (and I can't tell why) has been incredibly discouraging. Another poster mentioned that striped shirt with striped pants is a no-no. Why is that? Also, why are certain colors considered to "match" and others not? It seems completely arbitrary. Ugh... I'm already lost. Ok, so he mentions "warm" and "cool" colors. Since I burn within 30 seconds of encountering the sun, I'm "cool". Then he mentions seasonal colors, all of which he says go with "cool" complextion, which means any color goes with cool? I think I'm missing something here. I had someone once tell me I should wear "autumn" colors, so all of my stuff is yellow, orange, and brown, but apparently that doesn't work (or at least not always... There are some browns that work and others that don't apparently). My eyes shift between light blue, green, and grey depending on the season. So that means I should wear those colors, right? Are my eyes considered to be "contrasting" or "non-contrasting"? How do you even decide what colors are "contrasting" or not? Some other things: "Blue shirt + yellow tie is pretty classic, but disastrous if done wrong. A deeper,darker yellow more akin to goldenrod and a lighter blue is the ticket here." - Is there an official matrix of acceptable color combinations available somewhere? "Anything black at all should be a rough texture." - And yet I see so many people wearing smooth textured black things. Are they just poorly dressed? "Grey flannel trousers are the shit" - Umm... ok. Why? "One madras element per fit." - What's a madras element? Google didn't turn up anything useful. "Be cohesive and holistic. The whole should be better than the sum of the parts. Build an outfit, don’t just toss together flair." - Great, but HOW do you do that? "Don’t be overly matchy. “Close enough” is more charming and better looking than fabric shade OCD." - So don't wear colors of similar shade, then? "First of all, fit is kind and much easier to understanding." - Sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by this. "Second, how often are you putting together complex colour profiles?" - What would be considered a complex color profile? I have a closet with clothes of various colors, and I need to choose which shirt to wear with which pants/shorts/whatever. And I guess which shoes. So I know that not all reds are the same, and not all oranges are the same, and some reds go with some oranges. Problem is I don't know which is which; That's why I was asking about a color matrix. Then there's patterns, which are even more dangerous, because it seems that most mixes of colors don't go at all with most other mixes of colors. I don't understand how people decide that certain ones "match" and others don't. If there's no color matrix to show what works and what doesn't, how can you even know? Yeah. Right now I'm just going with jeans since everyone says they go with everything. I guess I'll throw out the colored and patterned shorts since they're more trouble than they're worth. "Fit is KING and much easier to understand." - Ok. I've ordered a copy of "Gentleman: A Timeless Guide to Fashion". So hopefully that will explain fit. Amen. Every group needs an undisputed leader. Otherwise they flail about and get very little done. CEO is the default name for that leader in a company, and using any other name would just lead to confusion when speaking to investors, press, clients, etc. A small company (1-10 people) usually doesn't need any other CxO titles besides CEO. Why do you have such a strong negative reaction to this? Seriously, your comments sound childish and insecure. Also, most side-view mirror blind spots are caused by improper mirror positioning. If you can see the side of your car, or see the same object in both the rear view and side view mirror, you've positioned them wrong. You should actually have them a lot farther out such that visibility in your side mirror coincides with losing rear-view visibility. That position is a lot farther out than most people think and is tricky to do the first few times. You must have used some pretty shitty IDEs then. I use IDEs for the productivity boost, owing to code completion, fast lookups, folding, integrated documentation, syntax highlighting, integrated build system, interactive graphical debugging, integrated source control, project based search, GUI tools, etc. Of course, all IDEs have their design flaws (like any other piece of software), but the benefits are compelling. Continuing: And so you start using your programming skills to travel the world while working, see some amazing places, but discover to your dismay that things aren't any better no matter where you go. But you continue writing your own stuff, releasing open source programs here and there, and then somewhere along the way you move into freelancing, which removes the protective layer between you and unreasonable customers. Tiring of that, you move into iPhone apps and discover that you suck at marketing. And then one day you find yourself living in San Francisco, founding a startup with a bunch of awesome partners, working insane hours, and having a BLAST trying to solve hard problems. There is much joy and wonder in this world; you just need to look harder. Meh. I got to day 25, but there were so many dumb economic choices it forced me to make that it was essentially impossible to win the game scenario. There were a great number of future benefit choices to make, but the game forces you to think only for the moment, which is the prime reason why poor people remain poor. Like, whoa! Suddenly $225 in utilities bills ($225? Seriously??? It doesn't even cost that much in Tokyo!) that I somehow didn't know about to be able to plan for. And whoa! my car starts acting up, and I can't even think to park it and take the bus for awhile until I can afford to fix it (you know, rather than running it into the ground and wasting even MORE money). And whoa! that leak in my sink has become a huge nightmare because I didn't handle it when it was a small issue and it was obvious the landlord wouldn't do anything about it. And why the hell do I remain unemployed for so long instead of taking some part time work to keep my savings up while I look for a real job? Seriously, a little planning ahead goes a LONG way. Yep. The self-made man would say it a certain way, and the sad truth is that most people lack the mix of ambition and discipline to look for, find, and work on ways to change their situation. For every rags-to-riches story there are a million rags-to-rags stories to match. Another person here mentioned people using check cashing services instead of service-charging banks. You know, as opposed to shopping around for a smaller bank or credit union that doesn't do that (another thing strangely lacking as an option in the game). What makes this even more pathetic is that the bank charge is usually LESS than the 3% they are paying from their paycheck to the check cashing service! Top it off with the tendency for poor people to withdraw small amounts of cash from ATMs and take the service charge hit (which, since it's a fixed price, increases the percentage loss the lower the amount you take out) and you can't but shake your head in disbelief. And don't even get me started on the massive amounts of money stupid people spend on lottery tickets... It's little things like this that make (and keep) people poor, and these things are so easy to avoid with a little planning and discipline. Wealth is a long term strategy that few consider seriously. And once you have wealth, you need to protect it from your grandchildren, because it's a well known phenomena for the first generation to make the money, the second generation to keep the money, and the third generation to piss it away. Not to mention the incredibly stupid modern practice of splitting the inheritance between your children rather than passing it in its entirety to ONE child. The point is that Apple has made the switch to lower cost OS upgrades while Microsoft has not. But then again, Apple has the benefit of being in control of the hardware, which makes up the lion's (haha) share of their revenue. Actually, no, since the display would be 80x24. There is a word in Japanese "tawake", which means "stupid" or "foolish", but the literal translation is "splitting the rice field". Every time you split your fortune, it becomes far less powerful. As generations pass, your "fortune" splits and splits until you've got a bunch of insignificant sums among your descendants. This is why the powerful families choose ONE child who will receive the inheritance, while the rest must make their own way. The common practice is for the firstborn to take the inheritance, but the best practice is to wait and see how each of your children deal with money before deciding. Actually, I am the second born. I am making my own way. So how exactly does this article square up with Steve's 2005 Stanford Commencement address? http://www.roj.com.np/life-inspiration/steve-jobs-how-to-liv... "About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn’t even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months. My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctor’s code for prepare to die. It means to try to tell your kids everything you thought you’d have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes." "I lived with that diagnosis all day. Later that evening I had a biopsy, where they stuck an endoscope down my throat, through my stomach and into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor. I was sedated, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery. I had the surgery and I’m fine now." He had the surgery. Successfully, as far as the doctors were concerned. And he lived the median number of years for those diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. This information was not hard to dig up. Stay classy, exit. The median number of years for those diagnosed with islet cell carcinoma. For the regular kind it's 3-6 months. The wording of their "backdoor policy" is ambiguous: http://www.f-secure.com/virus-info/bdtp.shtml "F-Secure Corporation would like to make known that we will not leave such backdoors to our F-Secure Anti-Virus products, regardless of the source of such tools. We have to draw a line with every sample we get regarding whether to detect it or not. This decision-making is influenced only by technical factors, and nothing else, but within the applicable laws and regulations, in our case meaning EU laws." So they won't leave explicit backdoors in their software, but their decision on whether or not to detect a particular malware is influenced by EU law. Actually, I believe the oft-quoted factor is 10x productivity when dealing with someone at this skill level (and from what I've seen in the field, I'd believe it). But that implies good architectural sense, which I'd test for before making a final decision. Barring any serious deficiencies, she'd be a steal at 2x pay. Well, it KINDA looked like stuff was being unblurred, but it's really hard to tell with the camera panning around out of focus. The only part I could really be sure was actually unblurred was the phone number. I actually like the fact that rm deletes files permanently. But then again I'm the kind of person who HATES the recycle bin/trash can system with a passion, and disable it wherever I can. When I delete something, I want it GONE. Not later when the system runs out of space. Not after I do a second "empty trash" operation. NOW. If something's important to me, I'll make a backup. Seeing a variable shadow something in an outer scope makes me cringe, simply because the decrease in readability far outweighs any benefit it could give. You might remember how things are, but the poor sap who has to keep extra scoping depths in his mind just to maintain your code will curse your name every day. The problem is that downvotes make the text lighter colored and harder to read, which is a huge motivator for partisans to censor things they don't like or find inconvenient. "By the time afternoon rolls around, you’re in caffeine withdrawal. This is often why people are sapped by mid-afternoon." Actually, no. You feel sapped in the afternoon because you need a 15-20 minute nap. That's normal. Take the nap and you'll feel energized for the rest of the day. It's not that hard. Just make a script to do regular backups to S3. Cheap and easy. Hell, just run the whole thing on Amazon. Unlimited private repos, reliable uptime & backup, and cheap storage. There's just something about an application that not only performs well, but also doesn't look like a Geocities homepage sprinkled with sendmail.cf, that makes me smile. Even so... Doing yet-another-incompatible-binary-format? There are a number of standardized binary formats that support all sorts of data configurations. Hell, use sqlite for all I care, but at least use a format that can easily be examined and manipulated manually when the UI inevitably breaks it. Conversely, I've never drunk coffee, or red bull, or genki drinks or any of that stuff, only drink tea on social occasions, and gave up soft drinks a decade ago. I eat right and am active. And yet I often find myself feeling groggy in the afternoon. But if I manage to get in a 15 minute nap, I'm energized for the rest of the day. This effect is backed by numerous medical studies. This is incredibly reckless and naive advice. You roll out when it least impacts customers because: 1. Impacted customers affects your bottom line. Minimize that and you minimize losses if something screws up. 2. Murphy's law. I don't care how much testing and QA you do; stuff will ALWAYS creep through, and sometimes it'll be nasty. QA works to minimize this, but it can't eliminate it entirely due to diminishing returns. Show me your guaranteed bug free deployed code and then I'll consider changing my view. 3. If you've designed and tested your rollback procedure prior to actually doing it, the chances of not being able to roll back in the real deployment is orders of magnitude lower than the chances of a failed deployment requiring a rollback, which in turn, if you've done your testing and QA, is orders of magnitude less likely than a successful rollout (but not 0, thus the midnight rollout). If you're worth your salt, you have a tested rollback procedure, laid out in simple to follow instructions (or better yet, an automated rollback mechanism with a simple-to-follow manual process when the automated method inevitably fucks up). You rollout, and if it fails, you roll back. And if that fails, you use the manual procedure. You should have the entire process time boxed to the worst case scenario (assuming successful manual rollback) so that you know beforehand what the impact is, and won't need to go around waking people up asking what to do. Actually, I'm glad you left it up. Otherwise I wouldn't have had the opportunity to read it. Of course it's impolite to use someone's name like that without clearing it first, but otherwise your greater message was spot on. I'm still partially mired in executing below my potential, but I'm working on it, and your piece provided me with more inspirational kick. Thank you. Also, I've lived the Japanese salaryman life, so I know how it tends to shape you and blind your ambition. I've done a number of rollbacks in my time (for enterprise banking systems). They work so long as you do a few dry runs first and have an audit system in place. The article kind of misses the point. The reason why people are leaving the Japanese phones for the iPhone is because Japanese phone interfaces SUCK BALLS. And they have ALWAYS sucked. I suffered through 5 years of one phone after another being such a terrible user experience that I think it scarred me for life. And don't even get me started with Sony, who replaced the perfectly functioning joypad in their phones (which USED to be the best) with that stupid "sony" sidewheel they spent so much money developing and insisted on putting in every product, whether it made sense or not. The fact remains, emoji ARE important. Easy text input IS important. Being able to pay for stuff at the combini with your phone IS important. It's just that having apps, and a UI that doesn't suck balls is even more important. iPhone took YEARS to penetrate the Japanese market, precisely because it didn't have the features that customers wanted, and they spoke with their wallets, buying the Japanese models. But now that app and smartphone fever has finally landed, people are more willing to compromise. But the point is, they SHOULDN'T have to compromise. That's just Apple deciding what people will use, even if it's the wrong thing. It's taking a little bit of good advice to such an extreme that what appears on the surface "visionary" would upon closer inspection reveal itself as insanity. Hubris has a way of creeping up on you when your power remains unchecked for too long. Yeah, Sony used to be good, but then again they used to make good products. Once their arrogance got the better of them, their products started to suffer. My first Vaio was awesome. Sleek, light, and fast. My last Vaio was practically useless out of the box. It took me 3 HOURS to remove all the crapware they loaded into it, which slowed it down so badly that it was almost unusable. Oh, and it had that stupid useless Sony sidewheel on it, and their incompatible-because-we-said-so memory stick port too. I shudder to think of how the average user would endure with such a monstrosity. In this case, it's a problem of Apple being a regional company. They think only in regional terms, completely ignoring what people in other countries consider to be important. And their market penetration suffers heavily as a result. If that's not enough reason to stop forcing compromise on your customers (ESPECIALLY with so many competitors in the space), I don't know what is. They always seem biggest before they fall. I'm mostly in agreement, but maybe it's just because I don't have much use for a smart phone. I don't text. I don't IM except at work, and emails can wait till I get home. It is handy to have a web browser for when you absolutely must look up something on the go, but honestly that doesn't happen often enough to warrant a hefty data plan. Yeah, I don't have a data plan. I look for free WIFI if I need internet. So what else is there? Reading books? I do read books on it (while on the go), but it's generally an unpleasant experience because the screen's so small that it renders everything at the subpixel (read: blurry) level and I spend all my time either squinting or doing zoom-in-and-pan. Tablet? No, thanks. If I wanted to lug something big around, I'd take my laptop with me. It's far more versatile. Games? Meh. I still haven't found any really compelling smartphone games. And really, if I wanted to play games, I'd just play them on my laptop or desktop, which have better specs and bigger screens and better input systems. Camera? Well, I've taken some photos with it, but I don't use it often. I suppose it could come in handy for that one time when i REALLY need to take a picture. The things I DO like are: * note taking * voice recording * learning apps * Being able to transfer stuff onto and off the phone without too much hassle Aside from that, there's not much I find compelling. Sure it's not as convenient to look for wifi, but when I did have a data plan, the actual number of times I'd look something up on the go was so low that it worked out to about $5 per thing looked up. That's just not a cost of convenience I can justify. Once I cancelled the plan, I soon realized how little I actually NEEDED to look something up on the go. It's a lot like how I got rid of my car and all associated expenses after realizing how little I actually drove it. Now, if I need a car, I'll rent one. That's only happened once so far. Regardless of whether this story is true or not, it's sad to see dedication to work and devotion to the company over all else idolized to such a degree. The only other place I've seen this is in Japan. I'm pretty sure someone's taking the piss, but I won't be completely certain until I start hearing reports to the effect that his last words were "I wish I'd spent more time at the office". The biggest thing employers look for is: Can you get shit done? Do you finish what you start? Do you have the staying power to see a project through? Do you care enough to make sure your shit is high quality, rather than barely passable? Quitting school just because it's hard, and not caring about succeeding in your ventures does not send a positive signal to potential employers (especially start-ups, which are made up of people who endure incredible stress and hardship and do all sorts of things they don't like to in order to succeed because that's what it takes). Because he doesn't know everything, obviously. But by the time you've given your presentation, in which you've thoughtfully omitted the long winded explanations that you'd give to someone who knows nothing about the subject, he'll have deeper insight into what you've presented than you do. And that's the true mark of intelligence. Actually, that's very apt. It's a way of justifying your preconceived notions without actually testing and (in)validating them. When the police ask you if your hard drive is encrypted, the correct response is "I'm sorry, but I'm not going to answer your questions." Yes, it's true that most, if not all, translation agencies are terrible. But if you want to set your company apart from the pack in terms of quality, please make sure that your own rant about poor translation services doesn't contain copious amounts of grammatical errors. Correction: BAD copy/paste is one of the cancers of our profession. Like all tools, it has its place, and there are people who tend to misuse it. Just because it's misused by bad programmers is no reason to deprive GOOD programmers of its benefits. You might as well ban screwdriver heads in power drills because lots of clumsy, inattentive people tend to strip screw heads with them. Similar misguided calls-to-arms have been raised over other useful tools such as preprocessor macros and goto. Good copy/paste: Anything boilerplate such as manually initialized structures/arrays of stuff, language-specific boilerplate (Java comes to mind here) that is essentially the same repeated shit but you gotta do it anyway, unrolling loops, setting up switch statements. Anything unavoidable (or too expensive to refactor) that's repetitive. Preprocessor macros: Code generators, compile-time switchable code (such as logging) without filling your source files with #ifdefs Goto: Managing complex resource allocation/deallocation within a function: bool success = false; int fd = -1; char* memory = NULL; fd = open(filename, "rb"); if(fd == -1) { LOG_ERROR("Could not open %s: %s", filename, strerror(errno)); goto done; } memory = malloc(BUFF_SIZE); if(memory == NULL) { LOG_ERROR("Out of memory"); goto done; } for(blah blah blah) { if(failed to read or whatever) { LOG_ERROR("It's borked"); goto done; } } ... success = true; done: if(memory != NULL) { free(memory); } if(fd != -1) { close(fd); } return success; I disagree that dismissing a tool out of hand as an "abomination" is a commendable approach. If you take that attitude (or instill it in others), you'll probably never learn the proper use of such a specialized tool, leaving you ill-equipped to deal with the situations those tools handle well. Finish college. You NEED that theory stuff. If you don't get it now, it will stunt your growth and will limit how good you'll get at your craft (mainly because you'll keep making rookie mistakes for the rest of your life because you won't understand the theory behind what you're doing). Quitting something just because it's hard is a very bad habit to get into. All it does is keep you on the bottom rung for the rest of your life. The good things are hard to get. That never changes no matter your age or station in life. If you really want to do well in life, start researching companies now, while you're still in school. Find out what they're doing. Find out who they're looking for. Get contacts within those companies and talk to them. Build up a contact network. It's WHO you know that gets you in the door, and WHAT you know that keeps you going. "your language is bad. Switch to a better one" All languages have boilerplate somewhere. It's unavoidable. Switching languages just because there are pain points is not a solution, because you'll simply be exchanging one problem for another. "or modify the front-end of your compiler" This is most definitely pie-in-the-sky. In the real world of real business, you can't do this. "I mean it, the cost of boilerplate is really high." Oh, I agree wholeheartedly. But you need to work in the languages that programmers understand today. I'm not going to have nearly as much success hiring smalltalk programmers as I would have hiring Python programmers, for example. "Unrolling loops: I never saw an instance where that was necessary." I have, but then again I've been at this for 20 years. "Plus, the compiler can often do it for you." You can't be sure until you look at the disassembly. Often, it does it wrong. "Switch statement: the syntax of the construct is heavy, we should lighten it." That's not going to happen within the next decade. Meanwhile cut & paste is my tool of choice to cut through the boilerplate. "Goto: your example shows exceptions (try…catch finally here). Goto makes much less sense when you have them." But it makes LOTS of sense when you don't have them. And it's still useful in C++ and Objective-C, where you still end up interfacing with C libraries. If you don't know about the goto "poor man's exception", you'll either end up with repeated and buggy deallocation code, or a monstrosity of nested scopes, or a bunch of check-return-and-throw constructs, which in the case of Objective-C will slow your program way down because it implements try/catch using longjmp. Goto is also useful for breaking out of inner loops when the language doesn't support that (some languages support "break [label], to make it seem less like a goto). I don't consider these to be last resorts; I consider them specialized tools. Much like design patterns, they're for mitigating some deficiencies in a programming language, but they're only effective if you know how to use them. Most definitely, some of the stuff you're studying you'll never use. But a career in software engineering takes a LOT of twists and turns, ups and downs. Technologies and techniques come in and out of vogue. But one thing remains solid throughout: Algorithms. Without a solid understanding of algorithms, you'll never be able to write efficient software. And what's worse, you'll never even know why. You'll lack the tools to even be able to question why, until you study the algorithms written by the giants of computer science. They've done the hard work for you. All you need to do is learn the how and why. But it doesn't stop there. You also need to have a solid understanding of at least one level below where you're working at (and preferably many levels). I'll relate a small example: When I was working at a bank, all of our software was written in high level languages (mostly COBOL, Java, Python, and PERL). You'd figure that there's no need to understand CPU architecture, right? WRONG. We started getting reports that our web app (for funds transfers) was crashing (not the regular Java crash, where the app keeps going; the hard crash where the entire web app goes down and has to be restarted). Needless to say this was costing us a lot of money in lost business. All we had was a Java crash report with a stack trace that went into a JNI call. At this point, it's outside of Java, so the trail ran cold. Or did it? One nice thing about Java crash reports is that they include a memory dump of the stack area, as well as a dump of the CPU registers. I know software and hardware top-to-bottom, from transistors to logic gates, to CPUs & machine language, through the BIOS, kernel, OS, libraries, all the way to the application level. It wasn't that difficult to trace back through the stack in the memory dump, disassemble the shared library that JNI was calling (a library for secure thumbprint recognition), and use the stack offsets to track execution right up to the memcpy() call that was being passed a NULL pointer (the thumbprint recognizer code returned NULL if the scan was incomplete, and the the library wasn't sanity checking the result before making a copy of the scan buffer). I was able to turn the library vendor's story around from "It's a problem on your side" to "We'll have a fix out for you in a couple of days". I was the ONLY person in the company capable of doing this, simply because I paid attention in college. The knowledge I leveraged to fix the problem was seen as pure magic by other engineers because they didn't understand the theory and lacked even a way to ask the right questions, let alone answer them. Finding the answer is easy; It's finding the question that's hard. So yeah, you can skip college and live a life of mediocrity. It pays pretty good, too. But you'll always be on the bottom rung. You'll be the guy who gets work in good times, and then gets laid off in bad times. When the market's hot (like it is now), companies tend to get driven to desperation, taking any programmer with a pulse. And then the bubble bursts, leaving all these now-jobless mediocre programmers asking "Why me?" when it's really their own fault. If you're serious about programming, you'll take the time to learn. The best programmers never stop learning new things, and never stop reading new books. College is merely the beginning of learning & knowledge. Which is why you shouldn't be using such a dangerous service when living check to check. Go to a bank machine, inquire about your current balance, and then extract cash to make your purchases with. Banks may be predatory with fees, but really it's your own responsibility to avoid this trap, and it's not even that hard to do. You can also join a credit union. Downvote all you like, but so long as your response to getting screwed is "I always get screwed by these evil people" rather than "Shit, they got me. I'm going to take steps to protect myself.", you'll forever be a victim. I used to suffer the same mentality until I finally woke up and started to take responsibility for my own future. Things happen to victims. Victors make things happen. The fact that banks collected 38 BILLION from customers in overdraft fees would seem to suggest that people AREN'T choosing to change their habits, even on such a simple thing as this. Yes, by all means, make the banks stop gouging people like that (especially maximizing fee collection by ordering largest-to-smallest). But really, once you've suffered overdraft fees once, there's no excuse for suffering it again and again; especially not when there's such a simple solution as cash. As George W. Bush once said, "fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — You can't get fooled again." Yes, that's definitely evil. Mind you, you're not falling victim to that ploy again and again. Millions of others are. So keep enough in your account to deal with those bills. Really, you should know how much your monthly utility bills are, and budget for them. All I'm hearing are excuses to make changing your situation someone else's responsibility. Influence? Of course. You influence people, so influence is politics. Politics is perception. Shape people's perception and you gain their power for your own use. Personal success? That's a personal thing. Not everyone wants to be a big time leader. Science & engineering open up new possibilities, but nobody will go there unless someone of influence herds them into it, so it's a symbiotic relationship. The problem comes when the influencer goes astray and in doing so leads others astray. And there are plenty who have no social graces. What of it? If you book a speaker without researching them, you have only yourself to blame when things go wrong. Start researching the art of negotiation. Buy no less than 3 books on the subject and read them cover-to-cover. You will then be prepared to sell your business at a good price. It's actually kind of funny... I had a Klout score of 1 for the longest time, and now suddenly it's 21 despite never doing anything. Are you sure? It sounds counterproductive to deliberately tie up a socket and process with artificial delays since it would leave the server less able to service other requests. I had extremely slow page load times on HN for the past few weeks but since the beginning of this week it's been fast & snappy. That's a much nicer response than "Don't hold your phone that way." So I could very well have been in a slowban all this time... Which means that I shouldn't say anything controversial for fear that the downvotes will lead to a slowban. If that's true, I'm liking HN less and less. "We're middle-men (and women), glorified translators" By that rationale, teachers are glorified dictionaries, accountants are glorified calculators, and lawyers are glorified secretaries. "Programmers don't 'unemploy' people" Bullshit. If I build an automated fraud detection system for a bank and they lay off 50 people in charge of fraud detection after it goes live, I most certainly made their jobs redundant. If I build a more efficient control system for an automobile plant, and they lay off operators as soon as it goes live, I've certainly made their jobs redundant. Efficiency kills jobs by definition. You only create more jobs when you start in a new area, or as a competitor. And even then it's only temporary until efficiencies kill those jobs as well. "As a ground rule, as long as you are calling other peoples modules you're not yet programming" Then, as a ground rule, as long as you're drawing triangles, arches, and straight lines, or using a CAD program, you're not yet architecting. As long as you're using 2x4s or windows made of glass you didn't blow yourself to build a house, you're not yet building. Why does everything have to be built fron scratch in an intellectual vacuum in order to be "real"? Isn't the whole point to stand on the shoulders of the giants who came before? "Whether you use the word programmer to describe yourself or not has very little to do with what your bank statement tells you at the end of every month." Actually, it has a LOT to do with what your bank statement tells you at the end of the month. The world runs on respect. And respect comes from other people. Give yourself a title that engenders respect and you'll find yourself able to negotiate FAR better deals for yourself than you would with a less respectable "I'm-just-a-replaceable-cog" title. "And in such places (and unfortunately also in quite a few smaller ones) the market value of what a person doing your work is charging is what will determine your pay" No, the market value of a person with your TITLE is what will determine your pay, unless you're known to be a pushover who accepts promotions without pay increases. And if such a 'promotion' happens, you gladly accept it anyway, and then leave 6 months later with your new title to leverage a better salary. Yeah, some people are genuinely racist, but the fact is that most aren't. What most people incorrectly call "racism" is actually culture fit issues. When someone's culture is sufficiently different from yours, it becomes enough of an unknown to engender fear. And fear due to the unknown leads to paranoid thought, usually at the subconscious level. For example, if you get a job candidate whose demeanor screams "from the hood", you'll definitely pass him/her over. The last thing you want is for them to start a fight over "respect", or bring some "friends" over to rob the place (deliberate hyperbole, yes, but this is how the subconscious works). Similarly, anyone who has had much contact with Indian culture will know that fraud and corruption are tolerated far more readily than they are in the West. This means that you need to be on your guard lest the person of that culture starts behaving as if in that culture. I've seen it happen enough times in my own experiences, so this is not just idle speculation. This is also why second gen people have a much easier time of it. You may argue that you shouldn't "sell out" on your culture just to get ahead ("acting white", for example). I would argue that in remaining "true to your roots", you hobble yourself by deliberately refusing to make it easier for the majority to accept you. I've lived on both sides of this issue. I've seen actually racist people, but far more often I've seen people who are afraid of the cultural divide, and move to protect themselves accordingly. I've also seen people change their own culture to better match the one of the majority, and they made FAR better lives for themselves than those who refused to do so. Do racism and sexism exist? Of course they do. And in the rare cases where you DO encounter the real thing, it is your duty as a civilized person to put a stop to it. But when it's merely a culture issue, raising a stink about it will do nothing more than stir up resentment. It's always telling when people downvote, yet have no rebuttal.