This is a market cap ranking. Even Microsoft ranks on this list. Put it in perspective: if you define big by "actual revenue" (as the Fortune 500 does), Microsoft doesn't break the top 40. At ~10Bn+ in revenue, Google wouldn't make the Fortune 100. Sort the Fortune 500 by profit and Google still isn't in the top 20. Market cap is a measure of the market's expectations for future profit. But it's not a reliable one. Where's Qualcomm and Tellabs now? I agree, but market cap is a far worse metric. For whatever it's worth to you, you will readily get more than 5 minutes of semi-solicited opinions about your prospects and strategy from any VC manager or partner you talk to. You may even score customer introductions. The solid "yes" or "no" is a major feature of the YC process though. No. Other Navies have apparently routinely snapped periscope-depth/range pictures of US warships. This isn't news. It's not even evidence that the Chinese were undetected. And not in Vista. And, so what? This attack is important to cryptographers. It's not important to you. Anyone who can exploit this problem can also backdoor your machine. Why is this supposed to be funny? Not if it's what the market bears. ... and? Rails forks. It's slow even for a Ruby framework. You could beat both ErlyWeb and Rails handily in C, if your priorities were that far out of whack. Nobody uses Rails for its speed. They spent $6MM on infrastructure pre-revenue. The investors didn't pull the plug anywhere nearly fast enough. Did you just say a $25MM A-round is a tiny amount by today's standards? I don't know what that paragraph you wrote means, but $25MM is, in 2007, a very large A-round. Are these reviews by the same team that tried to clone Quicksilver for Windows and wound up with nothing more than Launchy set in Garamond? It's not an ad-hominem when someone publishes a critique of X, and you allege that they haven't demonstrated that they are qualified to critique X. In this case, it might be WRONG to allege that. But it's not an ad-hominem. I was being deliberately rude and snarky about Humanized, who, let it be said, can choose contrasting color saturations with the greatest of ease, and can "collect user interface evidence" circles around my command-line ass. But I agree, I think their attempt to position Enso versus Quicksilver is weak. If Quicksilver was ported to Windows, nobody would use Enso; the marginal cost of that particular value prop for Windows users is already zero, and Quicksilver's "search-and-act" idiom is just more sophisticated, and makes a greater contribution to UI design, than does Enso's. Sorry, command completion? Not revolutionary. And, hey, what's with "a direct clone of Quicksilver would be out of place on Windows"? No it wouldn't. It would be more appropriate. Quicksilver on the Mac competes with a lot of well-thought-out workflow that already exists in the OS X interface. Quicksilver on Windows would add far more value. And the QS "search-and-act" idiom is universal. Have you used Quicksilver? You should. It's pretty amazing. This is a low. Ok, let's all have a debate about neurosurgery! What a fatuous observation. Yes, if only Godin had thought to build an auction site, like OnSale did, he'd be a billionaire. Or a search engine, like Infoseek and Teoma. Or an ordering system, like Cybercash. You mean "Network effect", don't you? I think he buries it in "Deepness". How do you downmod "Will it Blend"? Reexamine your priorities! I'm not saying you're wrong; I'm saying there's a hoary old cliche that you can use to communicate the same thing: "He forgot to add Network Effects". Ebay relies on a network effect; Amazon doesn't. I don't imagine that he forgot it; I think he's assuming most web startups rely on it. He is, after all, Pyra, Odeo, and Twitter. This is really a tempest in a teacup. NSA influenced a NIST standard; MSFT implemented the NIST standard. Dual EC is not default behavior for Vista. There's no evidence of a deliberate backdoor, and most of the failure modes for crypto RNGs involve a threat model you don't care about: someone who can read/write memory from arbitrary processes or the kernel. Another fatuous attempt at scorekeeping. Everyone has a sorry history at startups. It's a simple bias that focuses your memory on the rare successes. No! NO NO NO. Not 5. He said 10. Nobody's doing 5. Who uses email for 5 minutes? 10's the key number here. 10 commandments! 10 doors! 10, man, that's the number. 10 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch! Step into my office! Apple uses Scheme in the new Leopard security scheme. There is a residual talent pool of generally undervalued developers in every urban area that is not Boston, NYC, Seattle, and San Francisco. Lots of smart, ambitious people simply cannot relocate to trendy areas. There are fewer startups, and fewer resources for those startups, in Minneapolis. However, that doesn't mean there are no startups there. Meanwhile, cost of living and competition differences in underutilized areas make startups in underhyped areas more efficient and easier to staff, up to a point. I really wonder how much this meme about how much easier it is to staff in San Francisco comes from social ineptness. It always seems like the people infected with it simply can't conceive of recruiting in any way except national job postings and IRC. Our last 3 hires came from meetups we organized. Finally, if you're really freaked out about finding developers, put your money where your paranoia is: hire remote devs. Yeah, that's where it's from. So is there a post somewhere with actual evidence? Or is it equally likely that the aliens in the employ of the US DoE's Paranormal Task Force have bought and backdoored Verisign? 10 bucks says this conspiracy theory finds its roots in some company owned by In-Q-Tel, the gasp CIA's gasp VC fund. You people sure are gullible. Oh, wait. Call the EFF! The fun part about talking about the NSA is that you don't have to exercise critical thinking; you just propose counterfactuals, citing the NSA's "huge budget". "Of course they could be monitoring Hushmail". "Of course they could be monitoring the Internet." "Of course they could be monitoring all our phones." "Of course they could have chips implanted in our brains". I mean, after all, they're the NSA! I don't know about toxicity of value systems, but there's no more toxic form of debate than a semantics argument, which is what this essay devolves to. This argument seems entirely emotional. Rubinius matters because it "feels more joyful" when you know you can't do better by writing in C? News flash: that's going to be true no matter what VM you host Ruby on. What's your point? The irony, if you can call it that, is that only in the Rails community could someone make a name for themselves by writing a web server in Ruby. You mean, like every intrusion detection system ever built? Leagues funnier than XKCD has been in months. And didn't even play the "Reddit readers never have sex" card. Parsing protocols with parser generators is not an original idea, despite the fact that it's one of the top 3 value propositions Zed Shaw has for Mongrel. Lots of important technology makes no money, and is a poor investment. Do Prototype, Mochikit, or Twisted have VC funding? We foresook the quest for VC funding 2 years ago, and think it's one of the best decisions we made. But having said that, I've held key roles at 3 VC-funded startups, and at none of them was $1MM in revenue a predicate. At $1MM/yr (in product revenue), you're already funded. I can't do anything with this "information". It seems utterly arbitrary. If you're looking for excuses not to do a startup, you're kidding yourself. Actually starting one up is going to give you incontrovertable evidence that you shouldn't be doing it, and there's no way you're going to be able to work through it. Leave entrepreneurship to the crazy people and get back to your job. I read this article for literally all of 5 seconds before getting pissed off. The answer to this "question" is simple, but you can get 1500 word blog posts voted up for it because nobody wants to hear the answer, which is (1) build a viable startup, and then (2) quit your job. Or! If you're daring and an extremely excellent salesperson, you can try (1) quitting your job and then (2) starting a company. If you need to think past either of these two strategies before "deciding" whether to start a company, you're not going to start a company. Also? Arguing for a raise, and then quitting 3 months later after mentally checking out of your job for 3 months? Bit of a dick move. Compressed binary radix tries (also known as PATRICIA trees) give you excellent memory usage characteristics and pretty much optimal search time characteristics: both wins come from only storing the edges corresponding to significant bit differences. Since hash tables by necessity have to allocate enough storage to keep table load down and minimize collisions, you could find a PATRICIA tree has even better memory footprint than whatever hash table you use. Of course, all data structures share the DoS problem. There's an input to a PATRICIA tree that pessimizes lookup and memory usage: the one that creates a full 32 bits of fanout for every key. In all cases, the attack degrades performance to linear search. Of all the "mainstream" data structures, balanced binary trees are probably the hardest to attack this way. It's funny that everyone thinks of "the evil company" when they make decisions like this, but never talk about what they're doing to their coworkers. You're correct. Surely I'm not arguing that. That would be a stupid argument. What I am arguing is that deliberately stiffing your employer for a raise while spending all your real cycles building your own company can fuck over your teammates. Look, you just said you agreed it was a dick move. Great! Do you agree with what you yourself said, or not? This is an awesome, awesome, awesome book. Aguri isn't in it; aguri doesn't even rate for this book. That's how awesome this book is. Hash tables are NOT O(1). You just failed the job interview. You're like the 4th person I've seen that read (some) of this article and pulled this tree vs. hash thing out of it. It's a throwaway point. Binary trees provide comparable performance to hash tables, but also provide efficient access to ranges of keys. Binary trees support more operations efficiently than hash tables. The article isn't about some war I've declared on hash tables. I am, of course, an idiot; you can't make a PATRICIA lookup worse than O(k). I'm not trying to prolong this, or be petulant or pedantic, but you don't have to be working for Greenpeace to have dependencies and shared goals. Your project slips 6 months because you were dead wood during dev and QA while you learned Rails, and you just fucked over everyone else whose bonus and raise depended on the project. We don't have to argue about this because I think we agree. The more important point is, if you need to come up with an elaborate plan to figure out to engage your new company, you haven't figured out what your new company is. There's a YC meme going around here, along the lines of "is now a good time to start my company?" or "what's the best way to smoothly transition into my new startup?". None of that means shit. 2 months into your startup you are going to face some problem that is going to be an existential threat to your project, and it's all going to go badly, and you're going to have to figure out how to work through it anyways, and all this talk about how to "start the startup" and "milk your last job" is going to sound pretty silly. The hash table O(1)/O(n) question is a classic job interview gotcha. I didn't mean to be a dick. You're ignoring table load factor in your memory comparison, you can attack any dictionary "in terms of memory", I conceded the O(n)/O(k) lookup thing before you wrote this, and why do you think "balancing" a red-black tree is expensive? The bound on lookup from a hash table is O(n). I'm sorry, you're talking about a totally different algorithm than I am either here or in the article you're responding to. There's no such thing as a "4 bit PATRICIA" trie. Obviously, if you want to burn memory, you can increase the arity of your tree nodes to "speed up" (heh) fetches. If you use a simple binary tree, which nobody does , you're right. If you use a red-black tree, like everybody does , you're wrong; worst case search time for a balanced binary tree is O(log n). Worst case search for a radix trie is always O(k); radix tries don't require balancing. Where did you go to school? Your school taught you to "balance" hash tables? I feel like I need to take a shower after reading that. This is probably the first genuinely valuable article I've read on OnStartups. This is dead-on, and cuts across pretty much every aspect of running a software company: * Engineering --- BigCo rockstars can be process-bound, require 30 page MRDs to start projects, and gummed up in the tar-pit dev platform choices of their previous project; your startup should not be using J2EE or ACE. * Marketing --- You know you're fucked when you're pre-revenue and your marketing plan involves dropping 20k on vanity booth kits to take to conferences, or when your marcom person spends more money on mailing lists than on organizing meetups. * Sales --- Just having an account manager backs you into a corner on pricing; now you have to make 50k off a customer to make them "worth having". BigCo sales rockstars need armies of sales engineers to be effective, and may spend more time selling you on why they should be promoted to Global All-Encompassing Executive VP Of Worldwide Sales. A big difference between Microsoft and your company is that, for better or worse, everything inside of Microsoft is at least designed to help people do what Microsoft thinks will improve shareholder value. At a BigCo, you can work your MRDs and add $50MM to the year. Nothing at your company is designed to make people successful. If you sit back and do what you're supposed to do at a startup, you die. I've gotta assume any publication that could write a positive review of this thing has to be pay-for-play. Can anyone offer a cogent argument for why I should give a shit who Randall Munroe thinks should be president? Having been directly involved with multiple first-tier PR firms in my career to date: you can spend $1000, $10,000, or $50,000 in a year on a PR firm and still get nothing. Here's the thing. PR firms are not magic. If you have something interesting to cover, you can get it covered in the trade press (or Techcrunch or whatever) without a PR firm. On the flip side, if what you have is not naturally interesting, the trade press isn't really going to cover it even with a PR firm. In my experience, the "value" PR firms offer includes: * Two-hour long meetings about company positioning and the values you want to communicate to the press * Press training (note: actually valuable) * A PR landscape assessment where they tell you that you care about Techcrunch, ComputerWorld, Wired, and Slashdot, and your competitors were mentioned N times last year * A snippet service wherein a human being will do the job of Google News Alerts for you, mostly by means of using Google News Alerts * A filing service for your press releases Apart from press training, which you don't need and can only use if you're getting in front of the press, there's nothing that a PR firm does to get you covered that you can't do just as effectively yourself, regardless of what PG says. My company has gotten pretty good coverage in the press, by which I mean that my company has gotten more coverage in some trade pubs than successful public company competitors. Here's my take on what to do: * Blog. Many trade press reporters skim blogs for leads. * Court controversy. Take sides on every issue you can reasonably take sides on. * Figure out things to do with your product or service that will be newsworthy. Your product or service is itself probably not newsworthy. * Court Reddit aggressively. I kind of doubt Reddit has any trickle-down effect into paper PR --- or even Slashdot --- but if you're reading YC, the people you want to reach are probably easiest to address with Reddit votes. * Secure speaking opportunities. Make a calendar of every event in your space throughout the year, put together a set of abstracts, and cold call. Short of having printable intel on the most recent Apple security vulnerability, nothing gets press hits like speaking slots. (Imagine a PR person trying to allocate a slot for you at a technical conference --- they actually try!) * Figure out who the people who actually write stories in your space are, and make friends with them. More on this, but not much more, in a sec. Here's what I think doesn't work: * Press releases. There may be value in getting into the habit, but we stopped doing this real quick. Remember: the only reason for you to issue press releases is if you honestly think someone will write it up. If you want to do it, you can get a PRNewsWire account for cheap (or use a "free press release" service). The advice you will get is, look at an Apple press release and copy as much of it as you can, so that yours looks professional. * Cold pitching stories to editors. This doesn't even work for PR people (witness all the companies who drop $50,000 for 200 printed words a year and, if they're lucky, an pay-for-play "op-ed"). In the past few years, we've figured out a bunch of things that have gotten us closer to the press. I'm not about to give them up, but I'll tell you the (obvious) theme: be helpful to the writers. Writers are (a) on a deadline and (b) looking for interesting stories. What you have to say is probably not interesting, but that doesn't mean you can't help with both (a) and (b). How you know that there are tricks to getting written up that actually work is, I won't publish them. ;) A beer and a solemn promise would do the trick, if you're in Chicago. A freebie tip is, yes, definitely target the smaller and niche pubs; don't spam Wired. The more helpful you can be, the more influence you have, and honestly, you're just not that helpful for Kevin Poulsen or Chris Anderson. A press hit anywhere conveys an irrational credibility; think about it, it's not most people's job to parse which pubs have a reputation for editorial integrity. That's why the "Top 10 Pick" awards from places like SC Magazine (in my field) work so well. So, if "bang for the buck" is the goal, you'll get 80% of the value of a press hit by sniping at the small fish. The obvious point to make about "the long game" in PR is that reporters and editors have ambitions too, and some of the smartest people in the trade are writing for the small fish; they'll be editors at Computerworld tomorrow. A dollar spent on blogging is worth 10 dollars spent on SEO, if our Google stats are predictive. Got $1000 to burn? Hire an intern (BTW: interns --- a best-kept-secret) and have them write blog posts for you. I can give you two good reasons for being secretive that you may not have considered: * If you're entering a competitive space --- and particularly if you have a direct sales model with medium-long sales cycle (ie, you sell to companies) --- your competitors can neutralize you without copying your features. All a company with a shipping product has to do is "roadmap" your features for you to lose competitive advantage. * There's what Joel calls "The Marimba Effect". As long as you keep quiet about what you're doing, your failures and missteps don't count against you. Once you launch, prospects can start to form an opinion that's hard to shake off. I can't say that these are dealbreakers if you're starting some social calendaring service for pets, or (like most YC'ers) considering some kind of social network code autoindentation product for MzSchemers. But we are not awash in examples of companies that opened up early, launched small, and went on to huge success. Awareness is only really valuable if you're in a position to capitalize on it. Has it been super valuable to RescueTime? You're still 3 "owner-operators", plus "the occasional contractor". It obviously hasn't solved your recruiting problems. From what I can tell, you've "closed" a "round" of YC funding. Got a real term sheet yet? Did awareness do it for you? I'm not trying to be petulant. For you guys, awareness may convert directly into users, and users to a shot at VC funding (though, if you're up and running already, god I hope not). And on the flip side, in my field (security), there's an obvious need for secrecy; we're a bunch of cutthroat motherfuckers over here. So my experience doesn't translate to yours directly. Just saying, the answers to questions like these aren't always straightforward. I'll be the contrarian here. Unless you control the company, or the founders (or whatever the "board"-equivalent is at this nascent stage) are dumb, no matter what the paper stock agreement is, you can get screwed. All you people with private company options plans are pretty much deluding yourselves about your recourse in the event of an unfavorable (to you) liquidation. The pecking order is, latest VC, VC, founders, every executive, and then you. No matter what your paper says, everyone above you in that chain can screw you over. I've seen this go both ways. Companies with 20-30MM+ in revenue have been acquired by $5Bn gorillas, and the VCs and m-team walked with everything but a few thousand dollars. And companies have gone public and larded everyone with windfall options. If you want to have some idea of how much your "equity" might be worth, you need to know not only how many shares you're getting, but how many shares are outstanding, how that pool is going to change after multiple rounds of funding, and, finally, how much the company will liquidate for. A bunch of those questions are basically unknowable. So, you can work for people with this sketchy answer, or you can work for the people who make shit up about their equity to make your questions go away, but in neither case is the answer to this question really helping you. Do you trust the team or not? Is the project worth it even if you don't trust them? Because why? The team hasn't wasted their time dividing up their fictitious millions? You have a BA in economics and have worked for some fairly large companies, and, like me, you're a company founder. Tell me, is this ever a discussion that is "easy"? And, is this discussion ever "settled"? Seems to me, it's settled exactly until they (a) get funding or (b) hire a CEO, at which point all bets are off anyhow. The company has a strong team, a strong product, and market traction. The equity argument is as much about risk as it is about effort, and it looks like everyone else on the team has borne far more of that than our friend here. He's an employee, not a founder; his code contribution likely does not entitle him to demand equity reallocation. Say for the sake of argument the company has been in business for a year before our friend arrived. Say there's another employee who has been there since day 1, but is skills-wise pin compatible with our friend. You think he should get 90% of what the day 1 guy gets? He's using the word "employee". They're paying him. Well, I don't have to wait; I've been through it. In my case, I had essentially no documentation of what my equity was, just a handshake. And when the company sold, I was treated profoundly well. Did I get lucky? I don't know. I loved the project, loved the work, loved the company, and trusted the founder who hired me. On the other hand, look at anyone who held private company options in @stake, a well-funded company with a solid 8 figure exit. All of them had their equity positions spelled out on paper, and none of it meant anything, because VC liquidation preferences trump your peon shares. Look, I'm not trying to be petulant. I just want to point out that your employee options are nowhere nearly as important as you think they are. If you know how to negotiate and you're valuable and you keep your eyes open, you'll do well. If not, no piece of paper is going to save you. My advice to our friend is, if you love the project, trust the founders, and don't have a much more solid job option, by all means, take the leap. You're out of your fucking mind if you think this is the major risk of joining a startup. If you want to see how the "owner" operates the company, ask questions about the sales pipeline. Ask for concrete answers about what happens when the "big customer" cuts them out of the budget. If you don't know how the company's cash flows work, and you're reading tea leaves about the founders state of mind from meaningless equity numbers, then you're just wanking. No. Even with an options plan, and especially but not necessarily if they've taken VC, our friend can get screwed in the event of a takeover. But that's not what's going to happen. What's really going to happen is, it's going to take more than 4 years for the company to approach any kind of liquidity (really, what's going to happen is, the company is going to go out of business like most software startups, but never mind that). But our friend is going to get bored and leave before 4 years are up. Are you seriously suggesting that 3 years from now, when he leaves to take a $200,000 job, that he buy private company options? Because if he doesn't, option plan or no, he gets nothing. I'm a vote for never, ever buying options in a private company, unless you're confident you know what the outcome is going to be --- that there's an imminent liquidity event, that you know what the numbers are, you know the VC's prefs, and you know where your shares are relative to the outstanding shares. When I left my last company, they told me I was crazy for not buying my vested options. Multiple times over the following 3 years, coworkers would IM me and say, "I really wish I had convinced you to buy those options! Big stuff is coming!" And it has: they bought another company, got revenues to the point where only 3 companies in the world can afford to buy them, and are digging in for the long haul towards an eventual IPO, where all the shares will get reset anyways. That's not even close to a horror story. The real horror story is, you buy your options, the company exits 2 years later, management and investors get all the money, and current employees share a retention pool. You put your money in VFINX, you get 3-5% returns. You put your money in private company options, you lose it all. I've reviewed a bunch of submissions to ACM Transactions on Networking, all they were all double-blind. Usenix, on the other hand, is is "single-blind" (if you want to dignify this with a name). It makes a huge difference. Forget about gender bias. The real problem is bias against newcomers. I was reluctant to write anything negative about well-known researchers. When you're doing a bunch of these, you don't have a whole hell of a lot of time to track down cites and evaluate experimental results. So your default is going to be, people who could kick your ass in your field are getting good reviews. You know, they're not splitting up articles because they think YOU like it better. YOU aren't paying them. No insight. Just a restatement of the problem. I'm no more knowledgeable about the bias against women in engineering, and I'm not laughing. Bear in mind that established researchers aren't going to take a "superficial No" for an answer, and maybe the reason pubs stay single-blind is that double-blind would invite havoc; Raj Jain would be getting articles turned down, and everything would bog down in appeals. Oh, wait. No he wouldn't. ACM SIGCOMM is double-blind. Yeah, I have no idea why everything doesn't work that way. No. That's my point. It's hard for me to get too wound up about an issue for which there is literally an episode of the Cosby Show. This appears to have been lifted almost directly out of last week's Onion. No amount of math is going to make multicast happen. Mathematicians always say that their work has applications in network optimization, but it seems to me that the math itself is largely inspirational; Jain's CUTE scheme (precursor of TCP/IP congestion control, the most important distributed algorithm on the Internet) had fluid dynamics inspiration, but trivial implementation. I don't like the connotation that mathematics is a prerequisite to study and improve distributed systems. I can name more far-reaching advances, even in routing, from non-mathematicians. This isn't an attack on cryptosystems, unless you torture the definition, so that SSL/HTTPS is no longer a "cryptosystem", but rather "SSL/HTTPS deployed on Dell Inspirons talking to IBM Blade servers running Apache". As Spaff points out in the comments on Felten's blog, DRAM reminiscence isn't new. As another commenter points out, stealing DRAM chips from wakeful computers is slightly outside the threat model for full-disk encryption. The purpose of full-disk encryption is so that Fortune 500 companies don't have to issue press releases every time someone loses a laptop. The new guidance to those companies may now be to disallow "sleep" mode until disk encryption systems get effective at zeroing keys before sleeping. Problems like this are what motivates things like the Intel TPM. Sturgeon was questioned. None of us know what happened during that questioning. But the judge has ordered both attorneys not to mention his claims during the trial. Sturgeon was not charged with any murders. From this, one can reasonably infer that Sturgeon's claims of having killed eight people were not credible. On the other hand, Nina Reiser's blood was found in Hans Reiser's car and at Hans Reiser's current residence, where she had never lived. I'm not sure what anybody expected to have happen here. There's no truly legitimate use for Hymn: if you don't want to use DRM-encumbered tracks from Apple's proprietary iTunes store, don't buy tracks from iTunes. I don't understand why people believe they have the right to force Apple to sell things on terms other than Apple's. This is nothing at all like attempts to shut down BitTorrent. Legitimate use is a fig leaf with BitTorrent as well, but it's a real fig leaf: you can download a Linux kernel with it. You can't "rescue" any legitimate content with Hymn; you promised Apple you'd abide by their license when you downloaded the tracks. Apple's terms are that you can burn limited copies to CD for personal use. Their imperfect ability to enforce those terms with technology is irrelevant to the iTunes Terms of Service and the Usage Rules. If you don't want to deal with encumbered media, don't buy it. The original Hymn was a cool technical hack, and I salute it on those grounds. The "modern" Hymn tools are less cool. In neither case were they a "good idea"; it's hard to lament their passing. Did I miss the reason he like Python, or is it really just because he likes the Python documentation better? Uh, hello? Extortionate certificate fees aren't a technical problem. It's the "getting inclusion into Internet Explorer" problem that actually matters. What possible evidence do these people have that they'd be successful with this? I think the 4-day work week is genius recruiting. How much more would you have to offer me to take a job that demanded an entire extra day of my week? How long until other smart companies start offering this benefit? And I think they're right: you're going to get the same amount of shit done. The best developers on our team work round the clock, because they love what they're working on. This article is really gross and creepy. It's a stretch, but a defensible one, to report that Jobs concealed a dangerous treatable illness for 9 months. But what possibly justification can Fortune have for reporting about Jobs' children "out of wedlock", the antics of his absent biological parents after he was given up for adoption, the lack of license plates on his car, or the contents of his secret address book? It's hard to feel sorry for a billionaire public figure subjected to takedown pieces like this. So I don't feel sorry for him. But this reporter embarassed himself and his publication. This stuff wouldn't even pass muster on Wikipedia. Someone who doesn't take a salary for six months doesn't get "generous stock options". They get a founders stake. You're going to fail. I offer no judgement, but note that if performance-enhancing drugs become the norm in academia and industry, those who opt not to chemically alter (and perhaps harm) themselves are obviously going to be marginalized. That's why steroids are a problem in sports. It's not that kids "look up" to Barry Bonds. It's that they're not stupid, and they quickly realize the only way to succeed is to dope. Staying up all night coding sounds awesome to me. Having 2x focus sounds awesome. When research assures me I'm not going to be clinically depressed for the remainder of my life as a result of medicating, I might even consider taking pills for work. But I'll feel guilty about the future I'm creating for my kids. And when we find out that modafinil fucks up some useful neurological chemical pathway, or desensitizes the brain to their natural equivalents; well, that's just the price society pays for innovation. I mean, all the other chemicals we use to regulate the brain have worked out so well. Most of them haven't even turned out to be carcinogens, yet! Sounds awesome. The premise of this article is that, because the author doesn't like Basecamp, and 37Signals doesn't respond by catering to him, they're an "arrogant hobby" business. Vote accordingly. At least 8 other YC readers appear to believe that Don Norman is the first person to gripe about 37Signals. Wow, they must suck then! Thanks for telling me; I'm sure if I got all Magnum P.I. on your nickname, I could figure out what it was 37Signals does to alienate people like you, and thus capture the 0.0001% of the CRM and Project Management software market 37Signals has failed to address. We reported a security flaw. They responded as if it was a feature request. We asked whether it would be fixed. They declined to discuss development plans. There's lots not to like about their attitude (look how they handled their last outage), but we're still customers. You can have too much self-confidence, or too little. I know which problem I'd rather have. Incorrect: if I don't take pills, and all my competitors do, and they're given a competitive boost that they only pay for when they commit suicide at age 41, it is my problem. Nonsense. I'm one of those people with no life --- I have a startup, and I have my family, and that's it. I'm depressed when I'm not working. It's a totally false analogy. I code and break software for a living. I have a blast. Modafinil and aderrol sound like a blast, too. But 20 years from now, I expect to look back fondly on 80 hour work weeks, the way I look back on 2-hour-of-sleep nights with newborns. Unlike the drugs, those weeks won't have scorched my neurochemical pathways. You talk as if you have some way of measuring the risk of these drugs, or as if the risk was fantastical. I'm not going to have to sound like a alt-med hippie to disprove that. Sorry, Joel got this right, the answer is boring, and isn't going to help anyone write any more clickbaiting blog posts. Hire for "smart, gets things done". What the hell else is there to it? 37Signals has a 4-day work week. Calacanis optimizes for maximim work-hours per week (hoping, for instance, that buying home computers will keep people working 1-2 hours extra at home, and buying ridiculous coffee machines to "capture" the 20 minutes people spend at Starbucks). Who gets more done? Between Calacanis' company and 37Signals? Is this a joke? Has anyone here given a dollar to Calacanis? We'd all get a little bit further if child labor were allowed, too. How can demand-threading possibly be faster or more memory-efficient than event processing? Web apps are, to a one, I/O bound. Event programming schedules those applications on I/O. The hand-waving on threading bugs is funny, too. "They're both hard, they both have learning curves!". Nobody has ever livelocked competing events. It's awfully hard to serialize an entire event-based program on a single shared variable. This post gives me the impression of an author who has never scaled real threaded code. You mean like with ritalin, or the antidepressants? I don't think your argument sticks. It feels like regulations do well with medications that science understands. It does not understand modafinil well. What evidence do you have of "the odds" that it causes no permanent harm? As a practitioner, I'm going to chime in and agree completely. Shaw has created a merit badge sash of crypto exotica: Needham-Shroeder key exchange (oh, sorry, "ISO IEC 48798783 without the Helsinki vulnerability"), a bizarro block cipher mode, a custom PRNG, and no explanation whatsoever of the motivation behind his choices. Of course, this is all just libtomcrypt under the hood, which probably explains the showy idiosyncrasy. You'd be able to take something like this more seriously if Zed "So Fucking Awesome" Shaw had ever contributed any findings against TLS, or even SSH. But that would be Hard, Harder than "fighting the cargo cults" --- people much more demonstrably competant than Shaw have already shaken the bugs out of TLS. Generally, I find Shaw's arguments and reasoning about security unconvincing. For instance, there's a place in that article where he argues that "binary protocols have fewer buffer overflows" --- he might as well just write "I don't pay attention to vulnerability research". He seems to believe that Ragel, an obscure regex-modeled lexer, is a talisman against vulnerabilities. His "Hate" protocol assumes that attackers originate from single sources, not from armadas of compromised machines. Sigstoat isn't the first person to comment on this "top 10 list of signs of bad security" --- this is a point Schneier makes, often. All due respect, but the "security through obscurity" argument went out the window when Shaw published his source. His propaganda is fair game, and sigstoat is right. If Zed Shaw was interested in having people review his weird chat protocols, he'd probably: * Document them without the "mixture of humor, ranting, code, and specification language." The "specification language", presuming it's not in something Zed invented (like Stackish franken-sexps), would do nicely. * Use well-understood, well-tested primitives, and where he deviates (ECC might be mainstream, but CCM and Needham-Schroeder public key exchange aren't), explain why. * Describe things in terms of the cryptosystem and the goals, instead of using the least intelligible, most intimidating acronyms he can come up with (seriously, "ISO/IEC 11770-3 Mechanism 6"?). You're exactly wrong, of course. Zed's using CCM, and an evaluator would want to know what properties his system expects to achieve from doing so. Talking about CBC (or CBC-MACs) would make him look more savvy. Instead, we get "I’ve decided to send it back as Er(Nr) but I’m not sure of the security of this." The underlying muni's aren't faulting, right? You're losing liquidity, not assets --- why are people taking writedowns on these? Why are you commenting on things you haven't even read? No, wait, I said that wrong. Stop fucking commenting on things you haven't even fucking read. Because this is a more interesting conversation than the grandparent comment --- what's the difference between a lexer generator and a parser generator for regular languages? What can I do with Ragel that I can't do with a (probably clumsy) application of Flex? I don't mean to snipe at Ragel, just Shaw's use of it as an amulet against vulnerabilities. You just spent 3 grafs kicking a straw man, which you'd know if you'd read the article. This is a discussion about an article. The source code for the software the article is about was published in 2005. Nobody argued that he should have kept his algorithms secret; they argued that bragging about them in an article didn't make him look more competant. Also, you already said you weren't a practitioner; which is it? Your use of the term "Type 1 National Security systems" allows me an educated guess, but you could clear it up. You're right. I'm infinitely more irritated at the mentality conveyed by Shaw's document, that "security" is a combination of using the most "advanced" crypto constructions and using parsing tools to avoid superficial overflows than I am at you for arguing with people about a post you didn't bother to read. For that, I apologize. What OpenDNS is doing is far more pernicious than what Dell did. You can remove Dell's software and still use your computer. If you're making the mistake of relying on OpenDNS, there's little you can do to avoid their proxy. You'd want to say this is a horrible precedent, but it's not unprecedented --- it's exactly what Verisign tried to pull on us a few years back. 10 years ago, I loved Hanson and Fraser: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0805316701 This is a good tour of front-end and back-end stuff, a decent intro to code gen, and is built on a hand-written recursive-descent C parser. That it's specific to one C compiler made it better to read straight through, but I rarely refer back to it. So far this year, I've been liking Muchnick: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/1558603204 This is pretty heavy on the backend and codegen, which is where my head is at these days. Compilers is a big topic. What part interests you most? Parsing? Optimization? Semantics and error detection? Code generation? I'm going to point out that in practice, #8 ( Practice Defense in Depth ) rarely works. The reason is simple: it's Hard to bulletproof any one security control, and the cost of getting controls even slightly wrong is the same as not doing it at all. It can be tricky to come up with an example of a system that met a real-world security requirement only because a stack of security controls held together despite breaks the individual controls. Windows XP SP2 is a famous anti-example. Secure runtime: good! Security development lifecycle: better! Memory corruption vulnerability: often still game-over! For assessors of applications (I'm one), the words "defense in depth" are usually blood in the water. It's code for, "we made a bunch of assumptions here, but that's OK because use modsecurity". The cold, hard truth is: "defense in depth" really means, "don't do anything wrong". Lose the bezel. Reconsider the colors; you've got limp, low-value, low-saturation red and green there. The indicator bar letters are cute, but overused; pick one letter and use it there. Why? Oh, so, fanboyism. This person hasn't been working long. Epiphanies like this are like rings in the tree trunk. But... but... but.. don't you read my BLOG? Give me a break. If Godin's argument is that the places that demand resumes are places that you don't want to work, the rest of his argument falls apart: what good is a defense mechanism that keeps you from getting screened out of a company lame enough to keyword-screen resumes? If Godin's premise is valid, then the conclusion should be exactly the opposite --- resumes are early-warning signals, attracting valuable early rejections from companies that would otherwise be a waste of your time. All I can add is, refusing to provide a resume will make you sound like a douche. CEOs have resumes. Isn't this the same thing as Tourb.us --- a tiny, 2-person Rails outfit --- and a sideline feature of Facebook? How can there be multiple VC-funded entrants for this offering? For what it's worth, I agree that mailing resumes is a dumb way to try to get a job. But then, you can read that same advice in "What Color Is Your Parachute?", which outdates Seth Godin by about eight hundred years. Just as a data point: I use and love Tourb.us, it's gotten me to several indie shows I would have missed, it syncs with my iTunes playlist and provides an RSS feed, and has a truly excellent domain name. With your VC money, I recommend that you buy them. And, of course, this is old news, and, of course, it only works with MD5 (and --- we expect, but do not yet know --- SHA1, but not SHA256). Your takeaway from this article is, "don't ever use MD5 again". It has no value. Use CRC's for error detection, and use a SHA hash for security. What is MD5 good for? It's slower than a CRC and less secure than SHA1. It's a crappy universal hash (bad constant factors) and it's usually much too large for a unique identifier. For what it's worth, almost any random number generator is better than MD5 at giving a deterministic random bit string, given a seed. You might start with OpenBSD arc4random. It's also not useful to most readers of The Economist, since nothing they commonly use relies on MD5. Before debunking the "conventional wisdom", it'd be nice if the author would read up on it. The only insight added by this blog post is the dubious notion that the first-to-market wins a sustainable niche; that's been untrue as often as it's been true. Otherwise, the idea that markets converge to a major winner on cost and a niche winner on product quality is basically marketing 101. Man, Seth Godin can't even do a good job of reviewing a bad toaster. When writing a critical review, the bar is clearly set at what Amazon.com reviewers come up with. Godin should see where that bar is set for bad toasters: http://www.amazon.com/review/product/B00004R92D/ref=cm_cr_dp... I note, with some smugness, that "DANGEROUS --- SHAME ON TOASTMASTER" is also a catchier title than "World's Worst Toaster". At the risk of being a Reddit pedant: it's not really true that there are other reasonable safe hash algorithms. We're in a bit of a hash crisis now; SHA1 is expected to fall too, SHA256 is unreasonably expensive, and no alternative algorithm has the peer results to allay concerns. So, I guess there is an article you could write about the situation. But, of course, it has nothing yet to do with the Internet; SSL/TLS uses both MD5 and SHA1, simultaneously. This doesn't really tell us anything, only that he liked an executive he was working with, and is no longer working with him. There's a bigger backstory here that we're not hearing about. Article thesis: though Facebook exceeds expectations on the only established empirical metric for its success, it fails all the author's subjective metrics, like "thrilling older people". Eagerly awaiting news of Google's imminent demise as well; yes, it makes huge amounts of money, but the graphic design minimalism so crucial to its success has been slipping. We don't know their income; they're a private company. All SlySoft claims to be able to do is break a single BD+ program. There are an infinite number of BD+ programs; BD+ is itself a VM. SlySoft's own press release acknowledges disks they can't "yet" crack, and concedes that future titles will likely set them back to the drawing board. That dynamic, if sustainable, is a major "victory" for DRM. How much clearer? Well, you could have started by not comparing employees to caged lions. So, I'm guessing Billy Bragg is not ignorant of the economics of radio. Maybe you could refine your argument so that it becomes, you know, credible. Um, it being only 2008, many of us are the grandchildren of racists. It's interesting that you write something like, "How can so many people read an essay saying X and come away believing it said not-X?", thinking that the problem is likely with the readers . Ok. In the interests of providing a data point: * Even as a startup junkie, with full-time founder role and a 13 year track record, I found your analogy belittling and myopic. You will lose the argument that the best work in software is being done in startups. * Your essay contributed little else but the lightning rod; you've said substantially the same thing in other essays. We get it. You've also watched tens of $6k startups die; you should write more about the downside of being a software startup founder. You've been there, right? Why don't you start with the "vomiting blood from the stress" part? Remove "academia", which is a feeder for both startups and industry --- disproportionately favoring industry, of course. Now, defend your argument. Maybe we should start with processor cores? I hear there's some open source HDL you can download for that. Or how about routing algorithms? Let me help you with that: Apple. The c2 wiki was inspired by Hypercard. Speaking of Rorshach Tests. Your example of a CS advance isn't. Wikipedia is an application of a PHP script designed 5 years before the site launched. But you probably wrote that comment using a CPU that is the product of N generations of CPU research at Intel corporation. Hmm. Pretty sure Unix is universally credited to Bell Labs, originated in another operating system built by Bell Labs, and received substantial funding from Bell Labs. If your best argument is that Unix is an example of non-corporate research because Richie started it in his spare time, you don't have much of a case. Ouch. You seem to think Ethernet, Postscript, and C are inapplicable to modern computer science. Where did you go to school? Union bylaws obligate me to point out that with a similar expenditure of effort and planning, you could "raise" more than twice as much money as a YC "round" by consulting for a month, and then simply start your company. The market does not care whether your friends are "top quality players" who make important contributions. You are not a unique snowflake. If your product or service offering works, you will win. I see this argument a lot from YC fans, but I never see the two big problems with it addressed: (1) The overwhelming majority of VC A-rounds don't go to YC companies. (2) A majority of YC companies don't seem to get funded --- defined here as "an A round of over $1MM". Graham knows more about (2) than I can claim to, and I could be wrong, but my sense of it is that I am not. The normal route to funding for News.YC readers seems to be: (1) Bootstrap (2) Prototype (3) Customers (4) Adult Supervision (5) Funding (4) --- a CEO who knows how to talk to VC --- sounds demeaning, until you realize that it pales in comparison to (5), which dominates both the normal and the YC graph (note edge to (0) FAILURE at every vertex). You know what's harder than getting motivated, and networking with successful entrepreneurs? Everything else about running a company. With the caveat that you shouldn't really give a shit about what I think, my objection to this process is that it turns starting a company into yet another "thing you apply to", like college and grad school and a job at Google. Starting up is simultaneously much easier than YC can make it sounds like, and much harder. 6% of 0 is 0, so you've picked an attractive time to make that argument. Your readers should just know that 6 months after starting their company, 6% of their company is 1-6 rock star team members. It could also be $1-6MM in a reasonable happy outcome. I'm not trying to debate whether YC is a good deal; I'm objecting to the idea of spending more time and effort applying to YC than building an offering. It is much easier to figure out what percentage of VC A-rounds go to YC companies than it is to apply to YC: VCs publish their portfolios, often before companies even launch. We did pretty much that when we started: http://www.matasano.com/f38a0ad3a3d5c1a4a666.png (n.b.: large). Instead of YC A-rounds, we were looking for security A-rounds. It took a few hours. This is very OCD, but hey, you can spend a few hours doing nothing on IRC. My point is, I think your numbers are wrong, and no way do 10% of all A-rounds go to YC companies. Do YC companies have a 50% chance of getting an A-round within 12 months? I guess Graham can tell us. Most entrepreneurs would not give up 6% for a 10-fold chance in simply getting funded. You will find this hard to believe, but I'll report it to you firsthand: some companies turn down the opportunity to get funded. We haven't even gotten into the terms discussion. Say 50% of YC'ers get funded. What percentage of them get good deals, and what percentage get tranched, 3x prefs, tiny valuation, and loss of the board? 0% of bootstrapped companies have those problems. Late edit: there are more than 100 VCs on that radial chart. So much for 10/100=10%. I started to object to this with a reductionist argument about what wikis actually are, but thought the better of it and concede the point. Ward's wiki is a good example of an indie CS advance. This is all besides the point --- I think it's interesting to think critically about YC, but really, who cares? I'm saying, to the person who said "I wish it was that easy", it is exactly that easy. Most of the companies YC "funds" don't need VC to start up, which is good, because YC doesn't give you that kind of money anyways. There are lots of paths to success. Look at virtually any Mac software startup; none of them get VC, and they accomplish ridiculous things. Which is harder to build, Reddit or Quicksilver? Reddit was Graham's "hello world" for Arc. People spend a lot of time trying to sound slick for investors. You may find that customers are more forgiving of your rough edges. Either way, real investors are going to be a lot more convinced by your traction than your talk. If the first month is critical, you're probably picking a crappy segment to chase. Yeah, the window's closing on social networks. Go do something else. Is there any evidence, at all, that YC "sponsorship" improves deal quality ? "Most" YC startups don't take A rounds (Graham). About 50% of those that try to, fail (Graham). If YC takes 20, and we generously assume 9 of them go for A-rounds, and 5 of them obtain them, what percentage of them get good valuations? How many YC "sessions" have there been so far? If each produces 4-5 funded companies 6 months later, this isn't a hard question to answer. For instance, most companies publish their boards of directors. Let's see which ones got screwed. What's more true is that pairwise, no two of these roles really understand each other. Commenters here talk as if no successful business was ever started by a sharp businessperson who hired software developers. Clearly, many such businesses exist. Amazon. Also, Intuit. And, Wikipedia. And YouTube. Can Dick Costello code? I can't remember (he's a really nice guy, though). No? Feedburner. Hurley was CEO, and received more shares than the other two founders. YouTube was founded with Hurley's money. We can argue about the other two; I feel like I'll lose Intuit but win Amazon, but who knows. Not worth it. I think my point stands. I didn't even read this whole post all the way through, but I'll tell you that I have several friends who have interned at Cisco, and more who have taken full time jobs there for a time, and based on those sources, go to the startup. Rogue Wave isn't a startup; they've been around since the early 90's. The best medical evidence is always published "exclusively in the Independent on Sunday". Scheme's "false". I think the exact same thing about GPL software. When I secretly embed it in my products, I'm using code that nobody was going to make money on anyways. But by putting a shiny UI on top of it, I can! Nobody loses, and I win. We're not starting this now, are we? At least use the primary source, not Graham's superficial rehash: http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/ In the GPL case, who is being hurt, when the (a) the GPL violator wouldn't have contributed to the project anyways, and (b) the GPL provider wouldn't have collected any money? It's not a vague comparison; it's a cliche, about copyvio apologists tending to want it both ways. My point wasn't "guilty by association", though given the reputation of the original source, I can see how it would be read that way. My point is that progress in the medical sciences isn't charted through "exclusive reports" to newspapers. As anyone who clicks through the link you've helpfully provided will note, this is a story based on a white paper, not a peer-reviewed journal article. I'm sorry, I don't know offhand what the "DH" code is for the error this newspaper article made. I suspect it's a high number. 23, perhaps. The notion that brain surgeons are automatically qualified to conduct and evaluate complex biomedical research in oncology and neurology strikes me as approximately as valid as the idea that skilled software developers are automatically qualified to evaluate cryptosystems, compression algorithms, or semiconductor process technology. You need help finding a reliable source? Let me help: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journal_of_Clinical_Oncology I did not like this post. Of his four insights: * two of them are common to almost all high-level languages (Python, Ruby, and Tcl all have regular syntax that deliberately improves on C/C++, and dynamic types practically define "scripting" languages), * one of them is spurious (Visual Studio programmers don't care how much precious memory they waste as long as Intellisense keeps working, and plenty of C programmers use vim), and * the only insight here that has enough valence to be interesting --- on the scoping and binding rules of variables --- is covered so superficially that it's hard to tell whether the author actually understands what he's saying. You mean "learning lisp" didn't teach you enough to evaluate Python's closures, or Ruby's block/lambda idiom? This article won't be a total loss if it prompts somebody to write a more knowledgeable and useful article on the lessons a Lisp education brings to bear on modern languages. I'd love to read that. A few simple axioms and a whole lot of C code . While noting that nobody else is going to toot your horn for you, I'll say that cryptography was just the first thing to come into my head, for obvious reasons. I can't tell from the tone of your comment, but if you've worked in semiconductors, cancer research, and cryptography, let me be the first to proclaim that you have a bad-ass resume. So then, I made a half-assed analogy: programmer : semiconductor engineer :: surgeon : researcher Was I talking out of my ass? Because of the three CS fields I mentioned, I barely work in one of them. =) Sorry, there appears to be an incompatibility between us. Whereas you've wired your brain directly to Paul Graham's website, my thoughts and ideas are in fact dictated by a combination of Eric Sink and Joel Spolsky. Because we are parroting different web personalities, I see little chance for us to resolve this debate. I humbly suggest that we simply agree to disagree. I don't accept your premise that the content downloaded on Torrent networks would otherwise not be paid for. So I'm going to go with, "the producers of content are hurt". So your argument is, even though a significant fraction of the market acquires a movie for free (the "vast good" the torrent networks do, in your view), the downloads don't depress the market value of the movie. In other words, when supply goes to "infinite", demand is unaffected. Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter. You forgot the words "the illusion of". Addressing your points in the opposite order: #3 may be true for C# development; I read a lot of C#, but don't write it. But I did spend 4 years writing a significant amount of systems C++ code in VC++, and --- at least 8 years ago --- VC++ was significantly better than any comparable C environment. We can get into a tit-for-tat on it versus, e.g. GCC, but I feel like one way to lose a programming environment shoot-out is to imply that Microsoft half-asses that part of the business. Regarding #2, you seem to be sticking up for the author's implication that Ruby has "complex" syntax compared to Lisp. Clearly, most languages have more "idiosyncracies" (here defined as: "notation of any sort") than Lisp. That doesn't make Lisp's austerity an interesting lesson to take to other languages; it is, in fact, the major failure of Lisp. There is a notion, unaddressed in the original post but far more important than any of that post's insights, that obsessively regular syntax is crucial to metaprogramming. Even defined down to "true macros", this is simply folk wisdom: you can get "Lisp-style macros" out of any language that gives you access to an abstract syntax tree. Finally, call the two "mainstream" high level languages Ruby and Python (relegating Perl and PHP to uh, different, uh, categories). Both share the type system the author appreciates in Lisp. You haven't asked a question since I answered your last specious one [1], but if you do, you can expect a response in the same tone. [1] Specious point: because we cannot pinpoint the parties harmed by our unauthorized use of other people's content, we should assume, until proven otherwise, that any such use is harmless. So, because you can't reason through who is harmed by GPL copyvio (hint: the developer and the community), by your logic, we should stop enforcing the GPL. I like s-expressions too, but --- and I'm asserting this without a shred of evidence, appealing to the better angels of your common sense --- most developers, Peter Norvig notably included, believe other languages benefit from having more notation. For one thing, to a point, increasing the level of notational "richness" of a language improves comprehensibility of code. My answer remains as it was before: the producers of content, who sell to a dwindling number of honest buyers as a result of a growing number of dishonest freeloaders who believe content should be priced at its marginal cost. That's an externality of downloading and using content you would not otherwise pay for. But I think this argument is a red herring. Fewer people today buy DVDs, now that they can be easily downloaded. Ten years from now --- barring the success of BD+ --- it will be trivial to download DVDs, and fewer people still will buy them. I don't think reasonable people dispute this fact. The drop in content revenue comes directly out of the hide of the content producers. The issue isn't "the people who wouldn't buy the content anyways". The people who gorge themselves on content they wouldn't otherwise buy don't buy any content . It's ironic that they excuse themselves by taking yet more illicit content. I don't understand your argument. You seem to be saying that nobody is "hurt" by your download, because the marginal cost to the copyright owner is zero. But that's true of all downloads, not just yours. By your logic, how are producers ever compensated? The answer to your question is, everybody is hurt, because every illicit download robs content creators of the incentive to create, and content producers of the incentive to distribute. It's clear that in your case, when you download a movie you have no intention of buying, the stolen incentive is not great. But it is not zero: your download clearly helps establish the climate that facilitates other downloads (for instance, by drawing ad revenue to torrent search engines, or simply by creating the social proof that enables otherwise honest people to rationalize downloading). In the end, even insults to the market as small as yours can become overwhelming when multiplied by the tens of millions of actors. I concede that you can define an arbitrary set of circumstances where, in a vacuum, you download a file without perturbing the universe in any measurable way. This isn't a starting point for drawing conclusions until you answer the question of "how those circumstances could ever occur". Furthermore, it's not persuasive. You're avoiding the obvious fact that these innocuous downloads --- those that not only involve people who would not pay for content, but who are also so hygienic in their downloading practices that they do not contribute to the climate --- are a tiny minority of all downloads. Finally, if we've really arrived at the crux of your argument --- that you can personally define one form of illicit download that imposes no costs on society --- then you've already lost the "debate" (such as it is). We're talking about Torrentspy, a huge contributor to the climate you're meticulously and artificially trying to avoid helping. I'm referring to Norvig's comments on Arc, which suggest more notation (albeit notation that remains isomorphic to sexps). Respectfully, you might start by remembering what you originally said, considering the plain meaning of your words, and the context in which you say them. In this case, you begun this thread by referring to the "vast amount of good" that "sites like" Torrentspy do. Your other argument seems to be that we shouldn't concern ourselves with the costs inflicted by torrent sites, because they are small --- "not even half of the downloads" directly rob producers of revenue. I don't care to chase that argument down. If you believe your argument is persuasive, I have good news for you: you needn't bother paying your taxes, either. The marginal cost to the government of losing Bruce Lewis' tax revenue is very nearly zero. In fact, if everyone like you stopped paying taxes, we'd be no worse off. Under your argument's rubric, I can see no reason for us to trouble ourselves with the task of collecting taxes from Scheme web developers at all. How? http://www.archub.org/arcsug.txt How do they do that without contributing to other infringements by people who would pay? You ignored the other ways in which one illicit downloader contributes to other downloaders, and ignored the original point, which is that torrent sites like Torrentspy do not obviously do "vast amounts of good", as you originally claimed. Do you feel like your arguments are convincing? All freeloading is vastly good for the freeloaders, Kevin. Do we need to go through the pointless excercise of demonstrating all the instances of freeloading that you aren't comfortable with? How is it "good" for people to get things they place a value of zero dollars on? How does that "good" outweigh the damage they do by disincentivizing content creation? If infinitessimally small costs are OK in the case of torrents, as you say they are, why vaccinate your children? That, too, imposes a tiny cost on everyone else. Why pay your taxes? Why not send spam? Your spam messages impose a tiny cost on everyone, compared to the major spam factories. The entire point of copyright is to prevent freeloading; see Posner. Without protection, a rational market bids the price of content down to its marginal cost, which is zero. In a market that prices content at zero, no content is created. Freeloaders hurt everyone. The GPL case and the movie case are identical. The same argument can be made for both that a single marginal case of infringement imposes negligable costs. Reasonable people could disagree, unless/until Norvig clarifies, but I'm going to take his apparent conversion to Python as evidence that Norvig is not a sexpr fanatic. Your argument is incoherent. It observes that, at $70,000, a BMW M5 is priced too high for me to buy it. So, I should simply take it, blaming BMW for mispricing it. Consider the Macbook, instead of the Pro; the extra thousand dollars doesn't really buy you that much. One of the best things about the current Apple portable line is that you can always buy the cheapest (at around $1100) and still get an excellent machine. That's true, but that's what monitors are for. The times when you can't easily have a large external monitor are precisely the times when you don't want a big, unweildy laptop. I find the Macbook screen is a nice balance.