It was a joke. Some embedded processors lack a cache. I think it depends on who you want to hire. Triplebyte does an excellent job of finding people who would otherwise fall through the cracks. For example, as someone without a traditional software engineering background (physics degree from a good state school and work experience in rocket science), I didn't know many people in the programming industry who could provide referals, and my direct job applications weren't getting through the resume screens. Triplebyte has been really helpful for me there, and got me interviews with companies that care more about problem solving ability and are happy to hire someone like me who will learn on the job. Someone who designed the IR for V8 would no doubt have no trouble directly getting interviews with whatever companies they want, and people look you who screen applicants based on experience shouldn't have much trouble finding such applicants. General problem-solving / coding ability on the other hand is not quantifiable on an ordinary resume / linkedin, and Triplebyte's system provides a good screen (within the limitations of a few hours of testing) to quantify that. As far as I know, no company uses Triplebyte exclusively. It just provides a backdoor to onsite interviews with several companies (which was really useful for me cause coming from a non-traditional background I wasn't getting any callbacks from my direct applications to selective companies). There isn't really any downside to giving Triplebyte a go, aside from a few hours of your time. I don't understand this. Do you expect to get hired at companies without ever getting interviewed by them? Triplebyte culls out as much of the process as you can realistically expect to be culled i.e. everything before the final onsite interviews. For me personally though the main value was in getting contacted by companies that wouldn't have otherwise contacted me. I would have been willing to go through technical phone screens for those companies if needed, but not having to do so was an extra bonus. >Almost all other fields are capable of trusting third parties to certify competence. Employers in pretty much every other field complain that credentials are close to meaningless. As a result, they heavily emphasize work experience and demonstrable work accomplishments in hiring. This creates a problem for newcomers who have difficulty bootstrapping experience. Software engineering is unique in that you can at least get some idea of a person's ability through a day of interviewing (whiteboard interviews may not be a perfect measure of competence/ability, but they're way better than what is available in most fields), and don't need to use experience or credentials as a gauge of ability (though they use them as screening criteria to sift through the many applications they get, which is where Triplebyte comes in handy). The fact that employers directly assess the skills of job candidates is a benefit, not a drawback, for the field of software engineering. >Triplebyte's value proposition is to be such a trusted third party for software engineering, since universities aren't. If companies don't trust it, and view people who passed Triplebyte with the same "incompetent fraud until proven otherwise" lens they apply to everyone else, then Triplebyte isn't adding value for anyone in the ecosystem. Triplebyte is adding clear value to the ecosystem by finding candidates who would have otherwise fallen through the cracks and never gotten an interview in the first place, and matching them with potential employers. In my case, for example, Triplebyte has provided value to both me and Asana by matching us up together. Because of my nontraditional background, had I applied directly to Asana, my application would likely have never made it past their resume screen, and they would have missed out on a great candidate and I would have missed out on a great opportunity. One of the things they do is data-mining so they can match up candidates with companies where they're likely to perform well onsite (since different companies emphasize different things, Triplebyte can look through data on how their previous candidates have faired and find which companies will value your personal strengths): http://blog.triplebyte.com/triplebyte-engineer-genome-projec... >What they've realized is the way to hire more is to find the good ones that are sitting in the resume review stage of the hiring process, not getting looked at because they don't have stand out credentials. Yup, I was one of those people whose resume kept getting sucked into the review black hole due to lack of stand out credentials. I understand companies are swamped with applications and need some way to screen applicants even before phone interviews, but it was rather frustrating knowing I would do perfectly fine if I only I were given an interview. Triplebyte was an immense help here (just today I accepted an offer from Asana that I got through Triplebyte). I'm really a fan of your philosophy and what you're trying to do to improve tech hiring, and strongly recommend people (especially those without great conventional resumes) to give Triplebyte a go. Have any proof of this? Not true. You can lower the rate of false negatives without raising the rate of false positives using multiple measurements instead of just one, which as I understand it is what Google does for candidates from underrepresented groups. It will be harder if the parts and modules use ad-hoc specifications instead of adhering to some common framework (e.g. 5v or 3.3v power levels, imperial or metric sizing for drive axles, mounting screws, etc.). Took the quiz just over a year ago, and passed the phone interview. I stated my preference to avoid very small / early stage startups, and got interviews at Asana, Apple, and a medium-sized startup. Accepted the Asana offer, where I have been working for a year. I think Triplebyte was really useful for me because I didn't have a CS degree and didn't have any work history directly in tech, so I couldn't get through resume screens via direct applications and didn't really know many people who could refer me. So Triplebyte had high value in getting me actual the actual technical interviews. I'm not sure how valuable it would be for others who don't have trouble with this, but given the minimal time investment (a few hours for phone interview), it's probably worth a shot regardless. Have you considered increasing your pricing, and adding more premium features? As a supporter of client-side encryption in cloud apps, I really want to make sure you have a sustainable business. https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/saas_pric... That describes a ton of populist leaders throughout history though. Sometimes it is more beneficial to raise a mob and usurp power than to stay withing the system. > If Marcus was trying to maximize his ROI on the business investments, he would start with different businesses and more reasonable owners. That doesn't seem true to me. If a company is relatively well run and still struggling, it will likely be much harder to turn around than one that is struggling simply because it is run extremely poorly... What if you like the kind of problems on Leetcode, but are lukewarm towards actual programming? Asking for a friend, of course. I think the million Euros was the cost to clean it up afterwards, I'd say adaptive cruise control is actually better in the sweet-spot. I have a Subaru with adaptive cruise control and find it rather beneficial in freeing up my attention from trying to carefully micromanage the throttle / brake to actually focus on more important things. It has lane-keeping assist, too, but that is more of a backup safety feature than an autonomous feature (and indeed I wouldn't want lane-centering functionality except in really slow traffic jams). The AEB wouldn't trigger on something like this. And it shouldn't, since an actual driver would be turning to follow the road, so there is no reason to do any emergency braking (or even to warn them). Exactly. It's like email for social media. You get free choice of which provider to use, while being able to communicate with all your friends regardless of which provider they use. And if you're technically adept, you can choose to self-host as well. So you're expecting people to make 10-12% in after-inflation returns? I'm curious about your thoughts on https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... and https://github.com/denschub/schubio/blob/master/_posts/2018-... specifically. As someone who is new to both the Diaspora* and ActivityPub protocols, the Diaspora* patterns of publishing messages seem to be much easier for me to reason about particularly for semi-private FB-esque social networks (as opposed to mostly public social networks akin to Twitter or Youtube comments). My reactions echo what is mentioned in those links, but maybe I'm just thinking about it wrong. Or you can design the building to float on the liquified soil. Either way works. Sounds like I should start moving towards ML... The space industry isn't really comparable to the automotive industry. The former has been stagnating on government contracts while the latter has been heavily innovating for many decades due to massive competition and markets. >If your immediate job title doesn’t sound appropriately “tough” then you’re a fool and ignored. And hence why programmers decided to appropriate the word "engineer" for their title... Huh. The low rating confuses me from watching that video. To my not that experienced eye, the main issue seems to be the airbag not expanding sufficiently. The car seems to have done a good job of crumpling to absorb the impact without deforming too much inside the cabin itself. Edit: okay the main issue is described here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5RWnocukG8 The steering wheel gets pushed into the driver's chest. Software big 5 have much better pay and much better work-life balance than accounting big 5. >7 years programming in X? YES, 4 years writing scripts in Y? To be fair, there are a lot of job listings where X hasn't even been around for 7 years. What about them? If they provide a platform that is good for users, users will continue to use them. If not, the users will take their data elsewhere. That's the way it should work. First solar roadways, now this... I'm starting to get rather annoyed with junk science proposals hoovering up funding and attention that could be going to more scientifically sound endeavors. How long will you support the phone with software updates? Even with a massive drop in rents, rents would still more than cover development costs. The limiting factor isn't the cost to construct high density housing units - it's the difficulty of getting permission to build high density housing units. For those of us that need to parallel park sometimes, SUVs are highly preferrable to station wagons. >The truth is... you can't fix congestion. In transportation theory, there's an element called induced demand: if travel time improves in a corridor, then that induces people to take extra trips, often returning it fairly quickly to the same level of congestion. That's not true though. Induced demand does soak up a lot of the increased capacity, but not all of it. Building more capacity does improve congestion (or at least make it less worse than it would have been had you not built more capacity); it's just that the benefit is a fraction of what you would have gotten had there been no increase in road usage. See for example https://www.accessmagazine.org/spring-2003/induced-travel-st... > But there are lesser number of Senior Engineers than Engineers, and lesser number of Principal Engineers than Senior Engineers. What exactly happens? More and more people going into software engineering than in previous generations. >You just have to have the track record that shows that you “deserve” to be paid so much. I take it this means be a programmer with significant experience? It would be great too get a fulfilling job that pays the equivalent of a FAANG salary for junior devs, but I don't see anything like that available to me. I guess that'll be one of the good things of becoming an older programmer... Oh, I didn't mean difficulty of performing the parallel parking (that's straightforward with a modern car with rear camera), but the difficulty of finding a parking spot that fits your car length. Exactly. We need to make zoning and permitting easier, thereby lowering the cost... People can't afford housing where the jobs are, because there isn't enough housing available there. So a large fraction of people end up moving far away and commuting in. That's how traffic happens. If you want to decrease traffic, build more housing where the jobs are. This is why you target high density development close to where the jobs are, and close to public transit stations. What increases traffic more: people living an hour away from work and commuting in because they can't afford living near work, or people living close to work because sufficient high density housing is built near the workplace? If you find Indian culture characterless, that's your problem. Maybe the artists should learn to enjoy the engineering scene. One other big reason: racial diversity. In much of the United States, the community is basically white race / white American culture by default, and people like me naturally end up being somewhat anomalous / outsiders. In some places there is also racism to various extents, but even in the absence of racism, there is just a significant handicap to not being a member of the default group. In contrast, I fit right at home in a cosmopolitan place like Silicon Valley where there isn't really a default culture. Of course, it's basically a global phenomenon that cosmpolitan cities tend to be far more expensive than the cities that more closely reflect the local culture. I mean, we would love to have affordable suburban houses within easy commuting distance of tech jobs in the Bay Area. So it certainly seems like a rather enviable "problem" that families in Seattle are able to move from the urban core to the suburbs... Well, Seattle isn't very strong in that regard either... It's where the Bay Area holds a distinct advantage. That said, Seattle still has a significantly larger fraction of Asians than any Midwestern or Southern city: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Asian_American... Note that the proportion of blacks doesn't really contribute to a cosmopolitan city - it just means the city has two dominant native cultures instead of one. Sure it is. What Indians find interesting and full of character is different than the artsy stuff / people doing crazy shit that you find interesting and full of character. Stay-at-home spouse means you don't have to keep yourself fed or keep the house clean, and you have to do less of the ordinary needs as well. The stay-at-home spouse of course doesn't have to work or commute. >I'm just pointing out there are vegetarian dishes I enjoy every bit as much as a fat juicy steak, but not anything created and marketed as a meat substitute. Yup. Not a vegetarian and I feel the same way. VHDL / Verilog is lower level! In all seriousness, the "assembly is high level" argument is ridiculous and robs the "low level" vs "high level" categorization of all meaning. Thank you for doing this. I've always believed that the organizations employing workers in the Bay Area (and generating tax revenue for the state and municipalities) are the best suited for helping ensure that sufficient housing is built to provide affordable housing for their employees and everyone else in the Bay Area. Exactly. In your backyard. Not on top of your home. It's several hundred billion in revenue per year - i.e. about half the Canadian GDP for the FAANG companies. Yeah that's VTA. Not really used by professionals. Will they make electric oil tankers? >\lambda x.\, 6 was also surprisingly difficult for him to guess (though he did get it right eventually). I think he was just stuck on the idea of the function doing something arithmetical to the input, and was having trouble coming up with some sort of arithmetic procedure which would result in 6 no matter what you put in! It simply hadn’t occurred to him that the machine might not care about the input. (Interestingly, many students in my functional programming class this semester were also confused by constant functions when we were learning about the lambda calculus; they really wanted to substitute the input somewhere and were upset/confused by the fact that the bound variable did not occur in the body at all!) Just goes to show, our intuition works on linear types. I think it's more that it doesn't make use of its input. If you aren't using the input, why is the input in its type signature? There isn't an issue with VTA itself (aside from maybe the expectation that it companies would move their offices to locations accessed by VTA rather than vice versa). The South Bay is just really suburban and car-friendly, and the VTA was a failure as a result because most people in the South Bay are happy travelling by car don't need to use the VTA. In contrast, Caltrain is used to travel to SF, which isn't car friendly, so a lot more professionals use it. I wonder whether the bacteria survive in the cow stomachs when the cows are only being fed kelp, and (if they don't, what happens to the cow if it is switched back to a grass diet?). >There are plenty of young software engineers who hear about first-year salaries at Google and expect similar comp packages from startups. (Are they being too greedy? Meh, they're just misinformed or need to take some time to recalibrate their expectations.) If they're choosing between working at a company like Google or that startup, it's not greedy to expect competitive compensation. >Of course, a lot is asked of engineers during crunch time, but that's the same way everywhere in the industry. This is categorically false. Might be true for small startups, but most established companies do not ask a lot of engineers during crunch time. Do a ton of Leetcode (and read up CTCI). Too late for us but hopefully it will make obtaining a home easier for our children! Have you not considered suing them yourselves? >It's safer than alternatives, but now this is all people are associating it with. Unlike for nuclear power, this is currently nowhere near true for self-driving tech. It's the huge matrices where performance matters, and a naive multiplier for that will use memory rather inefficiently. Same for my Ubisoft account last night. I've been using 1password for all my new passwords, but obviously there are still old accounts lying around with overused passwords of mine. Right. Besides, pulse doppler can detect stuff that is stationary relative to the radar anyway. The real issue is false positives from things like soda cans on the road, signs next to the road, etc. Can't have the car randomly braking all the time for such false positives. As a result, they just filter out stationary (relative to the ground) objects, and focus on moving objects (which are assumed to be vehicles) together with lane markings. This is why that one Tesla ran right into a parked fire truck. Interestingly, I've discovered one useful trick with my purely camera-based car (Subary equipped with Eyesight): if there is a stationary or almost stationary vehicle up ahead that it wasn't previously following, it won't detect it and will consider it a false positive (as it should, so it doesn't brake for things like adjacent parked cars), but if I tap the brake to disengage adaptive cruise control and then turn the adaptive cruise control back on, it will lock on to the stopped car up ahead. It will probably be catching up to the Audi A8's traffic jam pilot. I.e. full self driving under certain limited situations. Mazda announced in 2012 that it was going to introduce the Mazda 6 diesel in the US, but kept delaying due to having trouble getting it to meet US and California emissions standards. It has only now figured out a way to meet emissions standards without overly compromising performance, and is releasing a diesel vehicle in the US (the CX-5) now, after a 6 year wait. That's not what the numbers there are saying though. They're saying that over half of scientists have failed to replicate a single study (either their own or someone else's). It says nothing about the replicability of most studies. Obviously, that's mathematically equivalent... >There are only 200 slots available per year for digital technology, but the dirty secret is the 70% acceptance rate. Something tells me that this year the acceptance rate is going to be much lower... I don't think that is a contradiction. It means that there are some situations (probably traffic jams) where the car can fully drive itself, instead of merely assisting you as you drive the car. >The company broke promises more than once, she said, adding that she was not reimbursed for mileage, as promised Isn't this a good example of something that merits an NLRB complaint? Thankfully, most non-compete agreements are not valid under California law, so we actually have a free market for labor. Yup, I love eyesight, but wouldn't really much extra features beyond what it currently supports, as that would be too autonomous and removing me from constantly driving the car. I actually find myself being a significantly better driver with the adaptive cruise control because I can focus my attention on steering and what is happening to traffic down the road instead of being constantly focused on matching the speed of the car right in front of me. It also prevents me from getting frustrated when someone is driving like a snail in the left lane... They will in today's job market (which isn't typical). Hiring for unskilled labor is incredibly tight. Everything you searched for. Every place you've been (along with the times of each). Every tutorial video you watched. And for most people, every email correspondence you've ever done. Add in google drive and google docs / calc, and it has far more insites into your life than FB. I don't see how FB would have access to Gmail accounts... It's not even "most people" that are outraged with Facebook though. It's the media. The same media which is financially threatened by the democratization of news and information (fake or otherwise) through social networks, and by recent moves that FB made to deprioritize news feeds in favor of social content. Oh, yeah apparently you can import contacts from your email to find friends. I never noticed that. Not in locations with substantial street lighting. It's usually in an unlit road that you get the danger (especially if you aren't using high beams due to an oncoming car). This is a cage: https://www.google.com/search?q=cage What the photograph in The Atlantic shows is a large room, not a cage. >For some values of 'human' e.g. alert, sober. Which is sadly, a minority? I think the vast majority of human drivers are alert and sober. It's the long tail of drunk / aggressive / distracted drivers that causes crashes. >Its arguable that self-driving cars are better already. What we need to do is, secure the roads so they won't get confused (fence them & remove pedestrians/bikes). I know, we can't do that everywhere but we could do it for long-haul etc. Like freeways already do. I mean as a human driver, I obviously love limited access roads (and human drivers perform very well on limited access roads). We won't have more of those though - the cultural paradigm for urban planning is one of tearing down freeways, adding bike-lanes, and ensuring pedestrian friendliness for maximum walkability. You think if people didn't have cars, SF Bay Area communities would build enough housing to support their job growth? Native speaker here. You're correct. "Sunsetting" is when the creator slowly phases out manufacturing / support for a product, so FB would need to be the one sunsetting React Native. AirBnB should say they're "transitioning away from" React Native. > I handed those mails to him and looked up what happened, and helped the guy arrange a very rapid transfer outside of the country he was working in. What country was this, out of curiosity? Small local businesses / startups get squeezed out by larger brands with name recognition. No one looks for stuff in the yellow pages anymore - they go to the most successful brand off the internet. Additionally, the risks of starting a business / startup are much higher when the cost of housing and healthcare is so much higher. And on top of that you have student debt. The economy has seen substantial wage growth at the low end. The local McDonald's was advertising pay of $13-$17 an hour - significantly above minimum wage. Not to mention put an apostrophe after "brokers". Took me a minute to parse that title. Brand new apartments actually often offer low rents to fill all the vacancies. E.g. the artsy new apartment in the Dogpatch was going for well under 3k for studios. Even assuming you pony up that much for a fancy apartment in a safe part of town, you should still be able to save substantial amounts of money on a $160k salary. Borrowing the variable examples from another comment, do you believe that the former is easier to understand for someone who knows English grammar than the latter? (I'm using Python syntax since we're going for English-like readability and added parantheses to the boolean operation to indicate order of operations for the liberal arts major that we've decided is the target audience of this code): if isAdmin: return false if not isActive: return false return true vs return (not isAdmin) and isActive Curious why you got burned with IRC client UX given the multitude of clients available for it. How many "better designed" dynamic languages are there even out there? Julia is one such language and is substantially faster than V8, at least for idiomatic code. The problem is that most dynamic languages (like JS) are never designed with speed and efficiency in mind. JS just happens to be the fastest of that bunch (other than Lua) because browser makers have invested substantial effort into making it fast - far more than anyone has put into other dynamic languages. Well, there are some use-cases where Julia is actually faster than compiled code due to being able to compile dynamically generated code on the fly (see https://discourse.julialang.org/t/julia-vs-fortran-complaint... ) But yes, in general the same lack of static guarantees that makes dynamic languages slow also makes code in dynamic languages hard to maintain. I think a lot of programmers tinker with code in dynamic languages and end up liking them as a result, but don't realize the difficulty of working in such a language in a much more complex codebase. Plenty are trying to buy houses - they're just limited by how few people are selling houses... >If you use someone else's DNS, your ISP could still block network packets sent to certain IP addresses, but they wouldn't want to block all AWS IP addresses just to block one site on AWS. Well, that's sort of what Russia did to try to ban Telegram... They would just need to pay a fee to the copyright owner for the violations, not replace all the existing hardware. And the police will confiscate it for their own use if they find you with a lot of it. Why would you have to remember that to solve it? This is the kind of thing I definitely wouldn't already know, but should be able to reason through. That's reality. Most pie in the sky ideas won't work because of fundamental constraints of reality. The trick is to find the leveraged areas where you actually can do something groundbreaking. E.g. solar roadways was a ridiculously stupid idea but solar shingles was brilliant. Or more broadly, self-balancing trees (the best performing balanced tree, the B-tree, is not generally a binary tree). And then there is the skip list. PDF is great for electronically created documents. DjVu is far superior for scanned documents, though. It compresses much smaller and DjVu viewers are far more performant at scrolling through large scanned documents. It absolutely is! You get significantly better cache utilization with a B-tree. Huh. I normally complain about how functional languages seem to be designed to be easy to write the first time but super hard to read and modify. However, in this case, the F# code seems very clear, significantly moreso than the Python code. Don't use this for anything where you don't want cross-site-scripting vulnerabilities... >There's a discussion in GEB about mystery/detective novels, and how the physical fact of seeing that you're near the end of the book leaks information about the state of the plot to you. I noticed this when watching mystery tv shows. When I find myself wondering "wait is this the real culprit?" I just look at how much time is left till the ending... You mean like Nest and Google Fiber? That happens in basically every industry. The problem is that if you double your own estimate, but no one else does, then your project doesn't get selected. Also, if you double your estimate and go ahead with the project, it will have a psychological impact which causes wasteful spending and slow work that will result in additional overruns... To clarify, it happens in basically any industry with megaprojects. Build a wall around the Bay Area? While the spread of Wahabism has been most acute in Saudi Arabia's neighbors, the growth in terrorism has definitely affected the whole world. Granted though, not on the same scale that US wars do. As an Indian-American US Citizen, is there anything I can do to contribute to reducing the green card wait times for Indian immigrants (e.g. prioritize Indian immigrants when choosing a spouse), or is it zero-sum due to per-country limits? I'm confused. Are the screenshots somehow different so that the retina and non-retina screenshots will appear different even when viewing both on non-retina (or retina) display? Yeah, I put them both at normal zoom level and realized that they're both the same, except the retina is much higher pixel density so the text looks a lot bigger when it is set at 1x zoom. That assumes that you can accelerate a wormhole mouth... That's a fair point. Java was a language. They created a platform-independent bytecode associated with that language, but it was closely associated with the language itself. Webassembly is much more of a portable version of ordinary binaries. I don't know why the Alexandara Road was put in there as an example of dull contemporary architecture. It only looks that way in the heavily filtered image the author put up. If you look at other pictures, it actually loooks really nice, largely because it follows some of the principles the author himself advocates (integrating nature and aesthetic coherence). Yup. I'd rather make skyscrapers less boxy (use the multiple overlapping symmetries the author mentions), add lots of skyways between them, and, if feasible, figure out how to add some greenery on the sides. Look at the Petronas towers for inspiration as a starting point for inspiration. The semicolon version reads like you're just providing information about both your preferences. The em-dash version reads like you're disagreeing with your wife. Em-dash tends to indicate that the second clause somehow applies to the first clause. The semicolon fractured what should have been a single thought. It is incredible seeing Google being seriously attacked on here for have an open source path as well. I feel like this is some sort of alternative universe. Exactly. The takeaway from this seems to be to not open up your system a little bit, because then you'll need to go all the way. Whereas e.g. Apple, which built a completely closed phone system from the start, doesn't get any trouble (even when it dominated the smartphone market). Really backwards ruling. And I say this as someone who happily switched to an iPhone to escape Google's data collection. They also don’t have an iOS consortium nor do work with other makers, so there is no bullying makers into doing what they want “or else”. That's the issue though. It seems that Google is being punished for being somewhat willing to work with other makers. Okay, now I am starting to see the argument against Google. Essentially, that they captured a lot of the market with "free" but are increasingly using the terms that come alongside this "free" to bully other manufacturers now that they're locked in with "free Android!". They're using a dominant position in one market to push services in an unrelated market. Note that for the purposes of this ruling, the relevant dominant position isn't in Android, but the Google Play Store. They are free to fork Android though and use it however they want, as Amazon did. They just can't install the Google Play Store without including the other Google apps which Google claims are part of a unified experience. - has prevented manufacturers wishing to pre-install Google apps from selling even a single smart mobile device running on alternative versions of Android that were not approved by Google (so-called "Android forks"). This is the most clearly anti-competitive practice. 1) Text entry that attempts to accept different formats and displays the formatted parse of the format next to it. Decent on desktop, text entry on mobile is poor. Why not the standard MMDDYYYY (or DDMMYYYY depending on localization) format (with intervening static / /) that every credit card or user information form uses? Number entry on mobile is very easy. Here it is divided by CPI and population: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=kyKl Elevated roadways would be far easier to build than tunnels. That seems like a low estimate of the cost of a senior SWE at Google. They probably earn at least 400k in cash + bonus + stock, and there are employer costs beyond that (office space, benefits, payroll taxes). In all this time I didn’t even know python uses reference counting instead of tracing gc... Eh? Maybe this is different in Britain, but here in the US, "curry" is simply a general word for the category of foods that are both spicy and liquidy, and tend to be eaten with rice or bread (in contrast to soups). It's obviously a given that there are an infinite number of sauces and flavors in curries, both in and outside India... It's also interesting to consider that many of the standard ingredients in Indian dishes (chili peppers, potatoes, and tomatoes) are not indigenous and were only introduced from the New World by Portuguese traders within the past 500 years. Seems particularly weird given that it has "Algebraic data types (with Option and Result predefined)." I mean, it is already hard enough to redesign infrastructure for trains, trolleys, buses, etc... Right, the issue doesn't seem to be the fact that the law is being republished, but the fact that some government entity is making use of a private copyrighted standard in its laws in the first place. There was a massive crime wave as those generations entered adulthood... She certainly spoke about that though in the section about needing warm introductions... I don’t understand the comments calling this a humblebrag. If anything, it is useful to have a startup that successfully raised money saying how awful the process was even for them... Replace “investors” with “women” and “founders” with “men”, and you could accurately describe dating in the valley. Low hit rate, the need for warm intros, the need to fake it till you make it for confidence, ghosting, all part of the dating experience. Which makes me wonder - could male founders be more immunized to this experience due to practice from the dating arena? Most cars don’t have windshields and rear windows that open. Why am I getting downvoted for this? The windshield and rear window will continue contributing to the greenhouse effect. If there isn't enough of a breeze, this will be an issue. In still air, parked cars heat up even with the windows all the way down. The new url is paywalled though... Sounds like they prepared limited and bad training data for it. As usual, garbage in, garbage out. Still only a fifth... Repeat after me, correlation =/= causation. Also, whether it causes SIDS or not, infant circumcision is horrible. McMaster is extremely overpriced. Good for just ordering stuff for quick prototypes where you don't need to shop on price, but otherwise, it's easy to end up paying multiple times as much for some item as you would if you found a good OEM supplier for each component (and this isn't even considering Chinese OEM suppliers). Did you mean to write "pole" instead of "poll"? (Genuine question - I'm not sure whether "poll" is a term with some meaning in the telecom / isp industry.) What specifically makes path tracing not a special case of ray tracing? To me, ray tracing is anything that traces rays (unlike the typical rasterization using z-buffering), and path tracing is just a poorly-named high fidelity method of using ray tracing... Wow, that's good to hear. As someone who would like the option of settling down outside the Bay Area down the road, but wouldn't want to miss out on the opportunities available at top companies in the Bay Area, I'm curious how much and what kind of experience they're looking for in making these offers. And it's on track to be half of the 1981-1990 number again in 2011-2020? What annoys me is that mistake theorists often insist on stepping in and trying to stop people from defending themselves against other conflict theorists. E.g. chool policies that punish all violence (including when a kid fights back against a bully). While it might be phrased in a way that implies the customer is partly to blame, the actual details would indicate the main problem was with Azure Kubernetes Service. Critical system daemons going down because the application uses too much memory is not a reasonable failure mode (and the AKS team rightfully fixed it). So you are saying Cambridge Analytica wouldn't be able to get access to people's banking data by marketing some sort of convenience app to them? I'm very supportive of this for all the reasons you listed, and particularly a variant of e. - it's deeply unfair that large investors get to take advantage of IPO pops that average people are locked out of. I hope you and others follow in Spotify's shoes in normalizing direct IPOs. That's wrong. A company's goal is to provide a worthwhile good or service. It does this effectively by generating profits that can be reinvested into growing its services or goods. And when it can no longer efficiently reinvest its profits to providing a better service or good, it instead returns the profits to shareholders so that they may reinvest those profits into companies that can better utilize the capital to provide useful goods or services. She's also a white nationalist and neo-Nazi... >In the construction of the fields, there is a simple definition of the division function. It is intrinsically the solution of a = r * b, where r is the unknown. If a is nonzero, and b is zero, then r, the ratio, is said not to exist. Put another way, there is no real value of r that can be chosen that satisfies r * 0 = a. Exactly. That's the definition of division. Here, he is introducing a totally different definition and claiming it isn't wrong because it is consistent. I mean, by his logic I could define division as a/b := a-b and claim it is consistent and therefore not wrong, but that is obviously not division... Well, you have an ambiguity as to whether it should be +INF or -INF, depending on which side you take the limit from. Arguably, 0 is more reasonably because it preserves symmetry. Of course, it would be far more reasonable to define this as an exception, because you shouldn't be able to do division by 0. No, that is not necessary. "Given an x, y, and N such that x/N == y/N, it is true that x == y". There is no need to say N != 0 under the ordinary definition of division. Well, Prop 13 in California particularly incentivizes housing bubble chasing. The standard definition of r = p/q is the number that solves the equation rq = p. This version of "division" does not satisfy that definition, and is therefore not actual division. Call it division* or something. Edit: it seems that Pony is only doing this for integer "division", which isn't regular division anyway, and the standard rules don't apply. >It's also a bit odd because it introduces a discontinuity: as the divisor goes towards zero the result of the operation gets greater until it reaches exactly zero and it yields 0. Wouldn't it make more sense to return INT_MAX (for integers) or +inf for floats? Unless you're using unsigned ints, the discontuity will exist no matter what you do, because of negative divisors. >2) this applies only to integer division wherein division by zero is undefined. 1.0/0.0 uses the available Infinity value. Ah, that seems rather reasonable. For whatever reason, the OP had me thinking that Pony was replacing the ordinary semantics of IEEE 754 floating point division (probably because he talked about fields and multiplicative inverses). Having 1/0 = 0 seems like a very reasonable choice, especially if you have 1%0 = 1 as well. Of course, if anyone thinks they will actually encounter division by 0 in their code, and needs to treat it as an error, they can always test for it. Powers of 2 are not a prime though, unless the power is 1 (i.e. we are dealing with single-bit integers). >If we assume that we got to 0 because of a rounding error we do know that it should be some positive integer. That's assuming we had rounding error from a positive number, not a negative number. Of course, if you are concerned about rounding, you shouldn't be using integer arithmetic. >1/(a number approaching 0) produces ever increasing integers. No. It produces a bunch of 0s, except when the denominator is 1 (where it produces 1) or the denominator is -1 (where it produces -1). Unless you're using a language like Python, in which case it produces -1 for all negative denominators. >I like your point here. I think 1/0 = Infinity+ is a satisfying expression. Its a clear concept which can be visualized in a simple graph. Except it isn't. It still depends on which side you take the path from - from the positive denominator or the negative denominator side. (This is why IEEE 754 has a single signless infinity). It encourages treating property as an investment, rather than something you own so you can live in it. This results in, for example, people buying second homes or investment properties, as well as people holding on to houses that they would have otherwise sold off (to move to a more suitable locaiton as a retiree, for example). Don't know why you're getting downvoted, but thanks for the clarification. Looks like I misremembered. Apparently it also has +0 and -0... The vertical he gave seems to do just fine with centralization. Asana and Trello are very popular for the work-tracking use-case. Well, the youngest generation moved off FB and Snapchat, and [the appearance of] privacy seems to have been a factor there. Of course, I don't see how decentralization helps with privacy though - instead of trusting just one vendor, you end up trusting several vendors (either the service providers in the case of federation, or the app writers in the case of full decentralization) assuming people you communicate with are using a varied set of vendors (i.e. you don't end up with a dominant vendor like gmail). How does anything you said indicate that Chinese having a bias towards savings is a myth? Investing money in bitcoin, stocks, real estate bubbles, etc. is still saving (not consumption). Might be bad savings, but it's still savings. Don't know about the other regions/coutnries (I imagine it is the same), but only a miniscule fraction of Americans have studied Finance. I don't really think keeping the financial system (which is an integral part of an economy) functioning is the same as keeping an asset bubble afloat. The US gov. certainly didn't stop the real estate bubble from bursting. It merely stepped in to recapitalize banks, and got its money back with interest in the process of keeping the financial system from falling apart. At the time, everyone was gearing up to make a run on the banks to get their money out first. I assume the idea is to drop the bomb in front of the fire so the shockwave pushes the embers backwards? Severe droughts are historic to California (and therefore "normal", though perhaps not "healthy"). https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/14/science/californias-histo... I'd be perfectly happy with a tax on data collection and targetted ads. The problem is that the cities with thriving job markets tend to also have high housing costs. Well, it probably comes out to a wash after you subtract copays, deductibles, and other out of pocket healthcare expenses from the US after-tax income. That's not how the median works though. You're thinking of mean. It's interesting that we work in an industry where employees are naturally given out a share of the company, but this share is structured so as to give them zero legal power over, e.g., the composition of the board or company decisions in general. It is merely there to give employees a claimed share in the future financial success of the company (I say claimed because some companies have terms such as clawback provisions that make the stock worthless - check out Skype for example). While many startups do informally have heavy involvement of employees in decision-making, others do not. It would be an interesting experiment to have a startup where employees who have vested and exercised shares get to elect their own board representatives. Well, rent-control kind of works like this. You are forced to continue renting out your property to the renter at the price they've been renting it for. I don't think the bill checks whether a company is private or not. Merely whether it has $1 billion in revenues or not. So it doesn't directly affect whether a company will want to go public. Note, non-profit and corporation are not mutually exclusive. A not-for-profit corporation is a type of corporation, and has shareholders. Yeah, I'm never been a fan of rent control (and voted against San Mateo Measure Q), particularly its effects on market rates for newcomers. However, recently I've been starting to realize that the market is already distorted by Prop 13, so perhaps rent control might simply even the playing field between renters and owners. In my ideal world, Prop 13 wouldn't be a thing, and homeowners would be advocating for heavy housing development around them to keep property values low (and hence keep their tax bill from going up). I think it's accurate for people who get competing offers and negotiate. So why single out the app and the natural birth control method if the same problem (people using it incorrectly) applies to condoms as well? Salary =/= total comp. Nope, not in most architectures. In a 0-based indexing system, the base pointer points to the first element of the array. In a 1-based indexing system, the base pointer points to the slot in memory that isone spot behind the first element in the array. This is how Julia (and Ada) does arbitrary indexing. There are like a dozen or so top companies that pay the top TC. This list is roughly accurate, though I question some of those being tier 1 (Jet, Splunk, Oracle, and Quora at the least seem to be off): https://www.teamblind.com/article/Compensation-Tiers-of-Comp... It's certainly true though that you can't get the kinds of top compensation numbers you see on Blind if you aren't good enough at Leetcode questions (and systems design questions) to get offers from multiple top companies. The OP was not receiving any stock, ergo his total compensation of $100k was far below the market rate. It uses about 215MB for me, 6 processes. I don't see why process count matters. Have you checked your extensions? I just opened VS Code with a moderate sized codebase (Flask), and then clicked out of it and watched the CPU usage go to 0% in task manager (it was ~2-3% when I had VS Code focused). If it helps clean up the npm ecosystem mess, would that really be a bad thing? Right. Adding types is a good way to ensure you're writing type-stable code, but when you do write type-stable code, Julia can usually infer that it is type-stable without needing actual specified types. That link says nothing about targeted ads. It talks about the content of the advertisements. Mind you, I do think that ads targeted only to e.g. certain races are crappy and probably violate the law, but that certainly isn't as obvious from the links people are providing. These ads don't indicate any preference though. They are targeted based on a preference (which is not surfaced to the viewers of the ad), but don't actually indicate any preference. The cartels are already getting in on it to get around those pesky trade barriers on dangerously addictive drugs. I'm just never joining a social network that requires me to "toot". Sorry.