Depends on the situation - a doctor can take his time during say, a cancer diagnosis, but not in the ER. Do you want a doctor who's trying to patch up your innards after a serious accident to look up where your pancreas is located? Inexperience leads to a lot of wasted time searching for things along the way. The more you know in your head, the better. Remember the wasteful spending back in the UNIX workstation days - a Sun 10 in every administrator's office for e-mail, and nobody ever had the training to use the things? It wasn't until quite recently in (PC land) that programming tools (namely compilers) were generally free, or even low cost. In the past you made due with crippled 'Turbo' or 'Quick' versions of the Borland or Microsoft products. $79.99 vs $799.99 for the full-blown version. Some vendors sold C compilers for the price of a used car. The PC C compiler market had a ton of players: Borland, Watcom, Symantec, Microsoft for 'real projects', while you had low-cost compilers from MIX and Mark Williams and some shareware products as well. You'll be paying extra for things like DOS Extenders, or sound and graphics libraries. DJGPP came along and gave DOS guys not only a 32-bit DPMI environment but a free compiler! By that time everyone was moving to Windows (except id software who gave us Quake as one last DOS classic). What did Visual C++ 6.0 cost? Anywhere from a couple hundred to a over a thousand USD depending on what version you got. Apple makes Xcode freely available, Microsoft has Express editions of their products, and Google makes their Android tools available for download. Plus, everything else can be had for free. Graphics library? Sound code? Physics engines? Go to Github. When you run out of passion, or will. >> I have never understood why people are willing to purchase dogs. Sadly, certain breeds of dogs are considered a status symbol, are trendy, or buyers think they can sell the offspring of said dog to recoup the costs (and then some). Remember the glut of Dalmations at shelters after the '101 Dalmations' movie came out? Every kid wanted one, parents bought them, and after realizing they can be very difficult dogs to live with, they were sent to the shelters. I thought this article was going to be about the $52 billion a year Americans spend on pets. Outdoor cats are a huge threat to wildlife as well. A skilled cat is capable of hunting just about anything in your backyard. Our provider allows us to modify firewall rules through their control panel. Perfect for when we have a dev working from home or a hotel room for a few days. I didn't know anything about computer languages except—a friend of mine had gone to MIT and, while he was there, he would Xerox pages out of books that were good topics, and he had sent me a lot of pages back from compiler design books. I wonder if MIT knew about students sharing information with the outside world 40 years ago. If this copyright violation would have not happened, we'd be in a world without Apple computer, or at least Apple BASIC. You can also tell it doesn't seem to do it when you move the mouse back to the original menu item. I was streaming a sporting event the other day, and my old, but still very useful laptop (2GB, SSD, T7500 C2D 2.2GHz) was being crushed. It streamed fine but I couldn't do much else on that laptop, memory usage was through the roof. I don't have that issue with YouTube but not every site has such an optimized player/media combination. Good thing I have a second laptop that I could continue to use for normal tasks at the same time. We replaced our Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core machines with new Dell i5's, and every single person complained that the new computer wasn't any faster than the old ones. It was worth the SSD upgrade for Outlook alone. Import a 6GB PST file in 20 minutes instead of 6 hours. The data isn't unlimited with T-Mobile, at least not usable speeds. You can run your AT&T iPhone on StraightTalk for $45/month and get unlimited calling. I don't use many minutes, butT-Mobile service is basically non-existent where I live. Would these fingers be considered 'burglars tools' by the courts? It's a little closer to 3x as fast http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/processor-architecture-b... I've always had a little bit of a soft spot for SuSE, and I had my fingers crossed that when they were acquired by Novell, it would become more popular in the business world. I think two main things are holding it back from becoming one of the 'main' distributions. The first is YaST, which is just strange in the land of yum and apt. The second is just the sheer amount of support distros like Ubuntu have. There's not as many resources out there, even though the last time I checked OpenSUSE had a strong, but small community. There's this triangle of food - cost/time/consequences. You can spend little time and little money, and get something that's not very healthy for you. The dollar menu, for instance. You can spend a little time and a lot of money buying pre-prepared food at say, the deli at Whole Foods, and get something pretty healthy. If you have the time, tools, and knowledge, you can make cheap healthy food at home. It just depends on what resources you have and what sacrifices you want to make. Shopping, cooking, doing the dishes, those things all take time you could use to do other things. I wonder if they considered allowing 4 cores, but double the CPU allotment? 4x1000MHz CPU instead of 8x500MHz CPU, for example. 8 cores does give you the highest best-case performance, since you can use 100% of each core if the other Linodes on your host are not using them. They show the 1024 Linode with 8 CPU's as an example. But they also state that there are on average 20 1024 Linodes on each host machine, making 20x8 = 160 vCPU's being used. Marketing-wise, more cores sounds impressive. But I wonder if performance per physical host is reduced splitting them into so many vCPU's > So maybe next refresh is the memory? Probably - according to their FAQ it looks like each host has about ~20GB of memory which is pretty small these days. How far does a million dollars get you when you're buying redundant Cisco equipment for 6 datacenters? Dell's painted plastic finish was also a big turnoff to me. The paint comes off and scratches much easier than the Lenovo black plastic and rubberized case. Can anyone comment on how much resources are spent on making something 'releasable'? Not just packaging and the initial commit/support, but spending the time to make it generic enough to be useful to other users. I suggested our company site be re-done using Joomla. The original site was on an ancient platform that we don't work with anymore and we kept an entire server around for it. We spun up a cloud server with Joomla on it for production use, and a local VM for testing. We had a template created for a couple hundred bucks from some ideas our designers came up with (they can't code, so...) from an Eastern-European on a freelancing site. Then we just let our marketing guy (also can't code) and some interns loose putting up content. It took a few weeks of their spare time and we had a great looking, functional website. Since then, the marketing guy has installed a hundred different 'Joomla plugins of the week' and brought the site down a bunch of times, trying to make it into a blog, newsletter, signup sheet, web store... You don't have to stay on the bleeding edge. We're stuck with Ruby 1.8.7, and we've got a mix of Rails 1, 2, and 3 apps. For better or for worse. Unity and GNOME 3 would be great for comparison - I've seen over 1GB in use by Unity at times. It'd also be nice to try to measure CPU overhead when dragging a window around or just displaying them. Some of the newer desktops just seem slow if you have older hardware (such as a laptop with a C2D, Intel or older ATI graphics) I thought installing an SSD would speed up development on my local system in Rails 3 - it barely changed a thing. It does make things like tests etc run way, way faster though. Not to mention asthma. I know of a few people who are disabled because they have asthma, and they are obese. If you live in the southwest you can find an immigrant to do those jobs for you. To be fair, a lot of recruiting companies or hiring companies only do that because their HR system will only import a .DOC file. The absolute worst place I ever applied to required to you upload a version of your resume in Word format. After you hit submit, the next page wanted a plain text copy. Then, I bullshit you not, the next page was a web form in which they requested you fill out educational background, work history, references. Something you just uploaded twice! With the long variable/class names used these days, and the availability of clear, small fonts and 16:9 displays, 80 columns seems silly. But I'm against raising it, even to 100 columns. 100 really isn't much more than 80. And then you start to lose things like being able two view two pages of code side by side. The other problem is that 100+ column lines are just flat out hard to read. It's hard to follow text that far across these screen. A few years ago when I was working with Objective-C I came across methods used with each variable on one line and really grew to like that. It's similar to the way source code is laid out in books. But is that because the code is more readable that way, or is it a consequence of the layout? Books are taller than they are wide and usually have generous margins. We had a folder on the network called 'developer stuff'. I put up a DokuWiki a few weeks ago, and at the last developer meeting we gave each developer the task of creating one wiki article. It didn't matter what it was on, it was basically a catalyst to get them started using it. It's started to grow pretty fast so I hope it works out for us. We're probably going to have an intern or junior developer move documents from the old folder to the new system. Out of 89 packages (half of the 179), 9 went missing? That's 10%. That is insane for the US Postal Service to be allowed that, but it follows my personal experience with them. I don't think I've ever had them lose a letter in my life, but when it comes to packages I don't know how they lose so many. I shudder when I get a USPS tracking email from an online seller because I know there's fair chance I will never see the damn thing. Michigan. A bigger problem with USPS is that it's a lot harder to get your packages if you're not around when they attempt delivery. The local UPS office is open until 8:00 so I can go get missed packages after work, I have a few hours Window on Saturday that I can go get packages at the Post Office. And that's IF they can find the package. Their online delivery rescheduling/holding is also useless. I'm not sure how terrible paper+accountant is/was, but TurboTax is just so damn convenient. I can do file my taxes on my lunch hour, at 3:00am, or while I'm on a webex at work. They're instantly submitted (or at least they appear to be) and combined with direct deposit I get my refund within days. In the old days I had to either drop my paperwork off at an accountant and wait, do them myself and mail them in, or make an appointment with a preparer. > if i walk in at 9.08am and you're going to moan at me for it, no thanks I'm all for relaxed starting times, but at my current company that seems to have led to other, bad things: relaxed deadlines or other accountability. It also sucks when something is broken at 8:00am and the guy that wrote that module (or made changes to it on Friday evening) isn't there for another hour. In our case, it's an app that's really only used from 8am-5am EST. If there's a problem at 4:00AM it's not a big deal. It's a different story when there are live customers. Although, (ideally) any problem like that would be cost by a testing suite. Get a rhythm going, so you type at a steady pace (slow at first, of course). Say each letter out loud. H-A-C-K-E-R space N-E-W-S period Don't look at the keyboard, either. Just practice this for a little bit every day (re-type a blog post or two, including the source code) and you'll get the hang of it. Wouldn't it be easier to just take a backhoe to the data lines running to the bunker? The article says 10,000 servers, so maybe there's an 8:1 ratio Very possible that the router provided by the ISP is mis-configured. Cairo is a project to make a OS X-like dock. It's not enabled in any of the main distributions (Fedora, Ubuntu...), but you can add it if you'd like. A lot of my Linux use is similar to sitting in a garage and taking apart an old car. It's fun to install different distributions and play around with them, and then blow it away and start all over. With a fast internet connection and a handful of USB drives you can try all the major distributions in one afternoon. I'm sorry, the full name is 'Cairo-Dock' ( http://www.glx-dock.org/ ) Part of the problem is so much of the workforce just isn't good at anything . We have a lot of people who flat out have no employable skills, and without a degree the only option they have for work that isn't minimum wage is a factory job-which are long gone. Does the computer repair guy charge you NewEgg prices to replace a part in your desktop? > I have a few friends who I help out on occasion and it is incredibly frustrating to not have the basic tools available. A younger guy at work asked if he could borrow one of the screwdrivers I keep in my desk. I thought maybe he was going to pop open his computer, he said he was going to put a bed together. At his apartment. He didn't even own a screwdriver. C'mon. I sarcastically asked him, "You're a manly man, aren't you?", then handed him a large phillips screwdriver. Another guy in the office overheard the conversation and laughed about it with me, and then we went down to Harbor Freight and bought him a $7 screwdriver set. What ever happened to learning this stuff from good ol' dad, or your grandfather? I was lucky enough to have a step-father who was fairly handy, had a large amount of tools, and my mother always had him working on a project around the house. Building a deck, remodeling the kitchen, that kind of stuff. I hated being dragged away from friends and video games to help him out with random stuff but I learned quite a bit. I also had the fortune of learning from my birth father on how NOT to do certain things. He'd always take shortcuts that ended up hurting the end result, which to this day I point out as we work on things. There was IRC, comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.misc, and AOL/Compuserve had a ton of Windows programming resources as well. I never understood the love for XM. I'd get a year, then 6 months, and now just a short 3 months whenever I'd buy a new car. I liked the variety of news and talk channels. I loved the fact that I could drive down the highway, across 4 states and never have to search for a station. The reception stinks, a lot like satellite TV. Going under a bridge? Radio goes out. On the north side of a large building? No radio. In the drive-through at Starbucks or a bank? No radio. And the worst offender, driving east/west with a large amount of trees on the south side of the road? No radio. C'mon. I only listened to about 6 of the music channels, they have a lot of variety, but I only like certain kinds of music. The sound quality is terrible. I'm no audiophile but whatever they do to fit that many channels on their service makes for horrible sound. Plus, the channels I listened to don't have that many songs in rotation. Gets very repetitive. The XM people are also very resistant to you canceling. They'll offer the service at a 50%, then 70% discount just to keep you to say. My girlfriend has had service for years for like $3 a month. I don't like having to remember to call in and cancel every 6 months so I don't even subscribe at the discount. I've gone back to terrestrial radio. I only have a 15 minute commute now, and don't drive a lot other than that. The local FM radio stations have mediocre on-air talent and play just as repetitive mixes of music. I don't mind the commercials as much, we're the midwest so for a lot of events that's the only way word gets out about them. And I've found a lot of news/talk on the AM stations. They just eliminated cassette tape players a few years ago. Linux-powered , but the biggest 'feature' of the rifle is the iPad interface. Nice headline. Most OS X users are probably either dual-booting to Windows to play games, or have a dedicated Windows machine for games. Mac hardware really isn't orientated towards high-end gaming. The scary part is how high the XP userbase still is. He never even says how much this procedure 'should' cost. He also exaggerates that it was a '5-minute visit', which we all know isn't true. There's paperwork, billing, the use of a room and supplies, a nurse or assistant is involved somewhere... It used to be like this for most people in the USA with insurance. Slowly, costs rose and benefits have been dropped. What used to be a $20 (or even $0!) co-pay became abused, people would visit the doctor every week, and since it didn't cost them anything, they had no reason not to go. These days you'll find a high-deductible plan that does the reverse - encourages people to NOT go to the doctor because until they've hit a $3,000 tab, the insurance won't kick in a single dollar. When I ask my dog, "Do you want to go for a walk?", she stands up, does a looong stretch of her back and rear legs, then shakes her coat. It doesn't take much time wasted on Twitter, HN, or chatting up co-workers of the opposite sex to turn into a 1/10x developer Fedora is more of a bleeding-edge (or at least developer-focused) distro - they also ship with Ruby 1.9 instead of 1.8. > Sublime Text just doesn't feel like a Mac app. Of course it doesn't - it's multi-platform. Which is a good thing if you bounce between Linux and Mac (and even Windows). But it does have a great feel to it. SF is smaller in size, and slightly smaller in population than Austin. Chances are if you bought 5 years ago you are underwater and can't sell it. Along with the big names there are a bunch of also-ran streaming apps with very little content. There's also things like a Facebook app but I have never tried to use it. So what's the problem? The TV has to 'boot', like in the article. For the first 30 seconds after it's powered on, you can barely change the channels or volume. The interface will sometimes become unresponsive requiring a hard power off, or the TV will lock and reset itself completely. If you do a firmware update, which happens quite a bit, sometimes you have to re-enter all your account information for all your services. Sometimes you have to quit and re-start viewing content to get the audio to sync up right. But the one thing that angers me the most about streaming content: you bump any button on the remote, and you exit back to the regular TV channels. It doesn't even have the sense to ask, "Are you sure you want to exit Netflix?". You can hit the home button, the volume buttons, and pause/fast forward. You even accidentally bump some other button, and bam. You're back navigating the glacially slow interface with a TV remote. USB 3.0 is 'fast enough' for most people and it's way, way cheaper. Only the super-rich or professional market (who've abandoned Apple, haven't they?) can afford things like daisy-chained Thunderbolt monitors. Firewire never really caught on (with consumers) like Apple would have liked-and it had huge advantages over USB (especially USB 1.0). I bought a Sony laptop specifically because it had a i.Link port and I could daisy chain both my CD-RW and 80GB HD. Apple's decision to add not just a second Thunderbolt port but also to add an HDMI port to their Retina MacBooks actually reduces demand for Thunderbolt products since users now can connect multiple legacy monitors to their machine. There's good and bad to cannibalizing the same port as video output. External GPU? Nice idea, but between the cost of the GPU card, the housing, and dealing with all the quirks that go with it, it makes sense to just buy another laptop/desktop. That said, a $99 Thunderbolt hub that gives 4-6 USB ports, gigabit LAN, video, Firewire, headphone/mic would be a huge seller Would your bank let you walk in and withdraw $10,000 from your own account with a ski mask or panty hose over your head? Even if you knew your account number and password? Probably not. You can't actually buy that, though. The Belkin dock is the Duke Nukem Forever of the peripheral industry. It's easy to make the argument that you shouldn't have anything installed on a server that you don't specifically need - each additional service/program is just another attack vector. I wonder if Slicehost would have followed suit if they weren't owned by Rackspace now. Rackspace has never been about low prices, though. We probably would if we didn't use RackConnect between our cloud servers and our managed DB server, which is @ Rackspace. Their cloud server management tools are a joke compared to Linodes. IRC's the main thing I use my Digital Ocean VPS for - and it's been great. Sounds like our experience. One email address wasn't working, out of 25, and all they had for support was a troubleshooting page. After wasting an hour contacting Google, we got an automated reply that some accounts were being affected, and then about 2 days later the problem magically went away. > a height limit of 85 feet, or 8-story buildings, for > Mission Street, between 16th Street and Cesar Chavez > Street, in order to take advantage of Mission Street’s > high transit service, including BART and Muni line Has the author ever tried to ride a bus down Mission street now? It takes like 45 minutes to go 8 blocks and you're packed in there like a sardine can. Imagine if you made the buildings twice as tall you'd have to triple the amount of buses. Which probably wouldn't help because with the current amount of traffic you spend more time stopped than you do moving. A Pentium 4 or Athlon XP 2700+ from 10 years ago has been unusable for all but the simplest tasks for years. It would have also needed to be upgraded along the way - it came from the factory with just 256MB or 512MB RAM. You can still edit office documents and do some light web-surfing, but for todays interactive sites and content it falls far behind the experience that an iPad can provide. Think about it this way - what if someone is being raped every day in the parking ramp at your office, or murdered on the street you ride your bike to work each morning? If you heard about it on the news, you could change your route to work or ride with a buddy to increase your safety. Part of the theory is that the first people to be fired at a company are among the least productive or least competent. Therefore, the longer someone has been unemployed, the less competent they are. >> It's time for the government to start hiring the long-term unemployed. Hiring them to do what? The government not only has to hire people it doesn't need, but it has to hire from the 'unwanted' pile that private employers have already selected the best from? >> Or, at the least, start giving employers tax incentives to hire the long-term unemployed. What happens after a year, when the tax credit expires for that newly hired person, and another unemployed person comes along and applies for that job? Fire the first guy and hire the new guy so you can get that tax credit for another year? There's probably a button called 'power cycle' or 'manually open/close' Don't most large software companies have a 'campus' feel to their headquarters? I would imagine back in the 80's when they were designed/created, nobody wanted to go work inside a towering, souless, black glass skyscraper for 10 hours a day. A lot of people would kill for a view of water and trees and the ability to walk outside at lunch. > Basically, the way our culture mindlessly promotes home ownership is insane. Absolutely insane! It's really the older generation that promote this. If you're 35 years old, chances are your dad walked out of high school into the same large company that he retired from. Why would they need mobility when they had jobs for life? The only younger people I know that share that view are close-minded and never see the point of leaving Smalltown, USA. We're a web development company in a 'company town' where everyone seems to work for a single Fortune 50 company. You think it'd be easy to hire developers away when you offer good pay and benefits, 4.5 day work weeks, flexible hours, casual dress code, and we buy you whatever hardware you want. We don't get a single qualified applicant. We use Ruby and Javascript, it's a ~ 25 person company so you can make a difference, you can work on iOS or Android stuff. If you only know a different programming language, we'll still hire you and let you learn if you can prove you're competent. We're not silicon valley or a 'cool' city, but we're near a few state universities. I guess people would rather sit in a cube, in a suit, while they work on legacy internal apps in VB and .Net for a cold, dark corporation and wait 20 minutes each morning in line at the security gate just to get on the damn property. > The vast vast majority of interesting technical work is done in large organizations So is the vast majority of boring technical work. Midland, MI I think it just looks more modern, and less '2007'. Reminds me of 'Slumming with BASIC programmers' - http://prog21.dadgum.com/21.html I was always amazed at the guys on CompuServe/AOL (and later GeoCities) who were writing RPG's in QBasic. I guess I was mostly impressed by the graphics they made, but they kind of proved to me you could write more than hangman or Nibbles in BASIC. Noticed problems with it first thing this morning - but it's only affecting some of our users. I can use email, calendar, but some people can't use either one. Weird, and annoying. Running the editor with /h would give you 43 or 50 lines of text. Then use the green on black color scheme and you were a 4th grade hacker. > Japanese programmers wrote a huge proportion of the world's greatest video games.... But how much credit is because of the programmers being better than the rest, and not because of the creativity of the designers, the graphics, or even the hardware the games were created to run on? A lot of JDM devices like wristwatch TV's and minidisc players just never caught on in the USA. Took me a while to figure out why people were having problems with Outlook, then I heard about this outage. Ugh. > the effectiveness between a black lab and golden retriever. Good call. Aren't black dogs the least likely to be adopted from shelters? I understand the importance of face-to-face human contact, but there are lot of avenues of seeing what other developers are up to, and showing off your stuff. StackExchange (chat and Q&A), Freenode IRC, a hundred random messageboards... The author mentions YouTube so I'm assuming he has a decent internet connection. This was bound to happen once servers all standardized on one architecture. Not that standardization isn't a good thing, it just became a race to the bottom just like the desktop market. > Linux just doesn't seem to do laptops very well. Linux doesn't do 'random, low-priced consumer laptops' very well. It does regular business laptops very well. I've been installing Linux on Thinkpads from the T20 days all the way to the current T430 and I've been incredibly impressed with how well everything runs. Even cheap laptops run pretty well these days, at most you'll wrestle with the wifi drivers. The problem is the low-end market for laptops is so varied you don't get a lot of developers who get hands-on time to get the drivers working well. Popular laptops will usually have great support unless they've got some hardware where the vendor doesn't want to play ball. But any cheap machine that's sold a lot of units will have a forum where users explain everything they've figured out. In the old days you could buy two network cards, keep one and send one to a developer as a gift, and you'd end up getting a working driver out of the deal. Some people did that with entire laptops. > The screen can never be truly black Is it blue or brown or just gray? No, only the Latitude line has that. A few questions: Ruby 1.8 - I thought we were dinosaurs for still using it How is the hi-res display handled on the 13" screen? Does Ubuntu have display scaling or something built-in? I have it on a machine at home but never noticed any settings related to that. Glossy display - is it as glossy as the classic MacBook Pro, or more like the Retina, which is still pretty glossy and will make you hate being stuck by the window at Starbucks. I want one of these, but Dell isn't doing the one thing that makes people buy their hardware - offer it a BIG discount compared to other in the market (Air, Carbon X1, etc) > In other words - why develop on a Chromebook as opposed to a lightweight notebook? It's half the price of the Lenovo you mentioned. It has fairly long battery life, it's small yet has a full-size keyboard. It's slick hardware compared to a $299 Best Buy laptop or a netbook. But it has a whole list of disadvantages. You can't fire up a VM. You can't browse using the actual desktop versions of Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or IE. You can't use software package X. You need to be connected to the internet to do development. It's just a fancy ssh/rdp terminal in this case. I understand the romanticism about developing on a Chromebook. I love the 11" Air, and despite the low-resolution screen and low specs (ULV CPU, 2GB or 4GB RAM and 64GB/128GB SSD) you can actually get stuff done. Is it the 'Ultimate Developer PC'? No, but a great machine. The Chromebook is far more limited, but maybe the next revision along with a regular Linux distribution will be a workable solution for the rest of us. You get what you pay for when it comes to the Lenovo - the slightly bigger screen is available in IPS and blows the Chromebook screen away. The i5 (and available i7) is very powerful CPU, you can have 8GB of RAM and your choice of SSD/HD... Why didn't this guy just buy a 13" MBA in the first place? If I boot up my Mac and Linux workstation with our environment setup and open up my day-to-day apps, the Mac is about 1GB ahead in RAM use. But after you start using them for a few hours they even out. Firefox, Chrome, terminal windows, some Ruby sessions MySQL Workbench, FileZilla, a couple LibreOffice documents... That's the base config of almost every laptop out there. At least Lenovo has almost all the T-series coming with a 7200RPM drive now. Apple's inflated prices for 128GB SSD and 8GB of RAM is 'only' $300. You can do better from NewEgg but when you have time ordering parts and installing them and warranty issues it works out. They're the standard laptop at Red Hat. I wouldn't be surprised if the originals are lost. > Imagine a loyalty program in which customers could band > together and accumulate points together, in return for > group-based rewards Nice idea, but it doesn't really work. I'll buy 6 sandwiches to get the 7th one free, but for some reason if you told all the customers if they bought 10,000 sandwiches they'd get one free, it doesn't pan out. I'm not sure if it's the sharing of the reward or distrust in others to not contribute, or what. Maybe it's just the achievement is removed. Groups are very powerful in other situations - look at the results you can get from an online fundraiser. People visit the page from all over to donate. Is it possible that the guys you outsourced it to could just make their own version and put it on the store? I haven't read a HN article titled "How foobar consulting stole my iPhone app and re-branded it as their own" Try closing a deal with a customer and saying that. You'll have the app delivered when? When we're done with it. Mobile support is going to be added when? When we're done with it. ... "When it's done" works great when you can keep the product mysterious or you don't have anyone using it. But not when you have real-world deadlines. Pizza Hut was getting a lot of pressure to cancel that program, accused of bribing kids with food and pizza marketing. We're I can't get anything done at the office because nobody else is there. Sure I can work on things and enjoy peace but without graphic artists or designers there I can only go so far, I'll end up throwing stuff out because it's not what they wanted. But if I stay home, I'm stuck doing holiday stuff or running around to the homes of friends and family. When I get back to work after New Years I need a vacation. I'd love to hear the story behind getting the data to the Internet Archive, from Cuil. 310TB is a massive amount of data, and was even more massive in 2007. The biggest hard drive you could buy were only 500-750GB. If they were SAS drives they were probably only 300GB at the biggest. Did they just throw 6-8 racks worth of a SAN onto a truck and ship it over? What did they (Archive.org) do with it once they got it? Once my coffee is cold/gone, I bail (or order another). Usually a little under an hour Hogging an entire table with books and a backpack and notes all over is a pet peeve of mine. Especially a larger table that could fit four people being taken up by one person. Depending on what part of the country you are in, people will share a single small table. I've been places where every open seat is taken and people are sharing, and I've been to places where a person will become confrontational if you ask to share their table - even if it's a four person table! Another complaint (if I'm allowed to complain about 'free' wifi) is that a lot of places have a slow connection, many AT&T locations seem to be limited to T1 speeds, and the router has bad QoS or bandwidth sharing. So 'that guy' who's streaming YouTube all morning, or updating Windows, or downloading 30 apps from the App store is just ruining the connection for everyone else. Once I tried running 'bundle install' and after 45 minutes, just gave up and went home. > it's quiet by definition The library is too quiet for some. Some background noise helps. I used to do this, until about the third time I was asked to just send a .doc Some automated HR systems can parse out a Word document but can't do anything with a PDF. You can swipe to a new space. Ubuntu is a lot more tolerable when you just decide to live with the fonts, window decorations, icons, as the defaults. Just like you have to on the Mac. I could tweak a Linux box all day long . On a Mac I just turn it on and go to work. Now the hard part is deciding between GNOME3, Unity, LXDE... > giving you more control over your instances and the ability to SSH into them. I thought the point of Heroku was not having to SSH into your servers? Except that it's really, really expensive per-calorie. There are still a lot of blue-collar workers. "Most martial artists get illusions in training,” he said. For example, if you are trained as a boxer, you come to trust that an opponent won’t try to tackle you to the ground—because that’s not what people do in boxing rings. Instead they hit each other, with gloves on (another condition that is not very realistic). BJJ also assumes a set of rules, not unlike boxing, wrestling or karate. You're not allowed to take a bite out of your opponents arm while they are choking you, or pull their ear off, or stick your thumb in their eye. BJJ is also often practiced wearing a gi which allows for different techniques than if your opponent were wearing say, a t-shirt (or no shirt at all). > They only seemed to teach you defence against someone else who punches like a karateka. Good thing the lower-level students show very little technique during sparring. She shouldn't feel bad. I've never seen more than a few minutes of Star Wars or Star Trek. Never seen Dr. Who or any of the Monty Python stuff. I've never seen a single Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter movie (or read the books). But I keep telling myself that one day I'll binge through them all online. I really doubt OS X or Windows are going anywhere anytime soon He means in every spec other than sleekness and screen. This would be equivalent to "Where's the chicken?" (Wendy's "Where's the beef?"), right? Couldn't it just be classified as a parody? It seems silly to not allow them to use something because it's similar. The aerospace industry is a license to print money for any vendor involved. I could see these going into a vending machine. I recently moved, and am much closer to work. I couldn't figure out what I was going to do with 5 extra hours a week that I wouldn't spend in the car. I could sleep in more! I'd be home earlier! Except moving takes a huge amount of time and energy. Not just the move, but the shopping, fixing up and changing up random things around the house, visitors who want to see the new place, not to mention the new yard is bigger and will take more time to keep up. I'm about 3 months behind where I was. > I realized that all I need for my life can be packed into a carry-on sized suite case Do you not have any hobbies? Reminds me of 'How my brain kept me from co-founding Youtube' ( http://prog21.dadgum.com/39.html ) The idea that people were going to push around 500k images (Flickr) or even more insane, videos was crazy when it first started happening. Remember how long it took to download QuickTime or RealPlayer videos, and how bad the quality was? Now people are streaming HD music videos on our PHONES just to listen to it while they drive to work. They don't even watch the video. Referral links/searches > Please know the difference between bad/customer unfriendly handling of installers/updaters, and actually bad software. That's the problem - the 'bad' installer/update makes good software into 'bad' software Could have been baking soda and vinegar. id software used an apartment at one point and was started in a lake house. I think it helped that a lot of the staff actually lived there. http://romero.smugmug.com/Video-Games/The-Archives/480_GtbLP... The rag-tag office setup is pretty inspiring. They mention in a blog post that they don't buy enough drives to order directly from the manufacturers, much less at a discount. They had to do some pretty interesting things during the Thailand floods. The pods have internal redundancy, and your data is stored on more than one pod, so I'm okay with them using consumer hardware to back my data up. They also wouldn't be doing it if they weren't sure that the drives were reliable enough for that use. > T-Mobile in the States is, if possible, even worse. I visited Puerto Rico Judging the 'United States' based on Puerto Rico? It doesn't prevent growth in tech sectors in the US. A dollar a day over 2 years... Although it's a US Territory it's pretty far from what you'd get in 'the states'. It's an island, they don't have the same kind of providers or infrastructure, something like only half the households in PR have a computer and only a little over half of those have broadband. It's just nothing like you would have in say Florida, Texas, or another state. Depends on what state you live in, and what provider you have. Two neighboring towns can have two different providers with very different rates and speeds. I pay $45 for 30Mb/s from Charter but if I lived in the next city to the south, I'd have Comcast. Aren't there any active packet-inspection devices out there (Palo Alto?) that can detect this kind of stuff? * Joe's working from home, but logged in? Disconnect! * Joe's transfered 80GB today when he normally does 2GB? Disconnect! * Joe's connecting from a VPN server in Croatia? Disconnect! How do you find the 'smart people'? (not that a college degree implies that someone is smart). Being 'smart' isn't enough to get the job done. In middle America, businesses don't realize that you don't need a Computer Science degree to be a systems administrator, much less a CRUD app developer. It's weird that the same society who thinks "little Johnny is good with computers, he can do x/y/z" has trouble even letting little Johnny get an interview if he doesn't have a CS degree. > Obviously computer cryptography is more advanced Wouldn't a single message from an unknown cipher be almost impossible to crack? You'd either need to know the algorithm or have multiple encoded messages along with the keys, right? It's like a BBB sticker for your office door. We have 15-20 apps that all run different versions of gems (including Rails 1-3) and it can be a nightmare. Nobody ever decided to use RVM or anything like that. A while ago you could update a gem and break 3 apps. I can't imagine wheat it'd be like on a shared host with 100 apps all made by different people. I'd much rather receive an email like the example, showing giftcards that you can redeem, instead of a bunch of text. At least in that case. Am I evil? Not if you don't fly internationally ;) I'm also thinking Joe consumer would rather see some big pictures of what's on sale this week, or some new product announcement, instead of having to read It's simple as in there are no moving parts, but if it's not machined to the proper specifications the gun will be unreliable. The market failed for years trying to make the lower out of things such as carbon fiber instead of regular cast metal. We are in our Rails 3 apps. That's how academic papers are done. One reason is that it's more complicated to do mathematical equations and such in HTML (we don't even talk about text) than it is to simply use LaTeX. I understand what you are saying but it's a pretty safe bet on today's internet that a browser is capable of handling a PDF. An online service such as http://www.extractpdf.com/ does a pretty good job of taking the PDF link and extracting the text. This doesn't try to solve any of those problems - it's basically a honeypot system to detect when a password file has been leaked and logins are being extracted (and used) from it. > Microsoft was/is a large enough empire that it will take a very long time (many decades) It won't take long before they're a fraction of the size they were at their peak, and the company and it's products (and vision) are simply a shell of it's former self. Look at GM, HP... A lot of those people have mental illness and don't want to live in a home. And a lot of people go there with the intention of being homeless because they are treated fairly well by the city and there are lot of people to panhandle from or perform for. > adding fill light to an image and with a bit of diffusion can even work as primary light source in a pinch. And that's Greek to anyone who casually takes pictures. Someone should start photography classes for $2500 or something, and you get a DSLR (and maybe another lens) 'for free'. Many people don't want to be a professional or even a hobbyist photographer, but could really benefit from a couple classes of the basics. I just want to take a picture of my dogs/kids, something I've cooked/eaten, and of items to put on eBay or Craigslist. Using a phone or point and shoot leaves a lot to be desired but a lot of that doesn't have anything to do with the camera. We have a product/website that used a blue cross in the logo. Blue Cross Blue Shield started hounding us about it, so we changed the logo to a green cross. I want to say you could use a higher end Pentium for software MPEG decoding (166-200MHz). Whatever the performance difference is between than and your current system (or the current minimum system you'd need to run that demo at full speed). Yet, cities like Chicago and Flint are setting new records for homicide rates, and the % of those committed by guns is at an all-time high. Less people may own guns, but the people who own them own more per person than they used to. That said, most guns used in homicides aren't used by the/a registered owner. Rifles (especially AK47s) are very popular with gangs for drive by shootings. Popular with gangs for the same reason. They're also pretty intimidating. Citation? Go to a search engine and type something like "AK47 chicago gang" or search the news websites for any large city with a high murder rate for 'ak47' > The AK-47 is a select fire fully automatic rifle. It has been illegal to import or manufacture fully automatic rifles for civilian use for decades. Don't do this. You know I meant 'AK pattern weapon', we'll use the WASR you can get at any sporting goods store for an example. You can get/modify all the parts to convert over a civilian AK to full auto without problems, unless the ATF finds out. You think full-auto weapons aren't used on the streets of America? This is just like the big server vendors (IBM, Dell and HP) losing all their sales to big companies, because they are buying their own designs direct from companies like ZT and Hyve. What's left, storage systems? What you really want to use is plastic bags in racks or on pegboard. > It depends what kind of role you're doing, but lets pretend it's pure dev with no real support criteria How often does this happen where you're not working with a single other person? Another developer, QA, designers, product managers... I can see if you're working on your own startup, but if you're on a team of people it's very unhelpful to have any one person just go off on their own for days a time. What's the fallout going to be like in the next 5 years, maintaining applications and code written by 90-day bootcamp programmers? I agree, but there's something about fondly looking back and things you did and enjoyed, that's similar to looking back at things you never did and think you would have enjoyed, even if they might have gone horribly wrong if you had did them. And the highest-paid person you graduated high school with is probably a player (assuming you went to a run-of-the-mill public school) A guy I graduated with plays in the NBA, and makes somewhere around 6 million a year, which is about the league average. He'll probably be retired in a few more years but he'll still have had a good 10-12 years of making an extremely high salary. Very common. A kid who got drafted the same year from the rival high school across town OWES the team that drafted him $10 million. Is the data out there find out what the highest paid programmer/database administrator/'IT manager' is per state? I think most everyone knows people who have exhibited that behavior. If I drag that true color GIF in Safari, it doesn't do the drag with transparency like the other two. Weird. It looks like it's a datatype limit, as other python json libraries have a similar issue: http://deron.meranda.us/python/comparing_json_modules/number... It's probably not a trivial fix/addition and might end up costing the library some of it's speed. You'd have to have fucking laser vision to be able to use that small of fonts crammed on a 10.1" screen. They're probably working on an (small) image 'host' using this same idea. I see there are no 99 cent apps. The "screen shot, no root" app is $4.99. Fairly expensive, isn't it? It also has more 1-star reviews than 5-star reviews. There's no OS X product key on there, though. It's not uncommon to have to read your Windows product key to enter it during installation or tell it to someone on the phone. Dodge Dart commercial - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUxPYXvTElA We have a vendor of some mailing list software that you install your save (basically a tarball of php code). If we have an issue with it, they basically refuse to help unless we give them ssh access to our server. Stupidly we have this mailing list software running on our production web server (the same one our customers use to access our apps), so we can't do that. I mean I trust the guy to not go in an install a backdoor or delete all of our files (maybe I shouldn't trust him?) but I've always wondered what the liability is there. Would we basically have to prove he did something malicious if our server crashed the next day or turned into a spam box? Not everyone can create, whether it's a website or designing the next iPhone. Very few people can. Those people that do are rewarded very well. Besides, if we were all trying to cure hunger or house the homeless who would be creating all the fancy computers we use every day? And why blame 'programmers', there are plenty of doctors, lawyers, and financial workers in SF that have to 'step over' the homeless every day on their way to work as well. Isn't there a story about Steve using a NeXTstation at Apple for email until OS X was up and running? I don't think $5,000 is a reasonable minimum for a car. Depending on your area you should be able to find something that's reliable for $2,000, even if it's not a Volvo. > I live in a low cost of living area and the cheapest car sold by the local Carmax is $8K. You can buy used cars on craigslist, or go around looking for ones on the side of the road or in parking lots for sale. And a 2007 model year car came out in 2006, now it's 2013, so that car has been around for 7 years. 112,000/7 = 16,000 miles per year which isn't out of the ordinary. Most people put between 12-15,000 miles a year on a vehicle. > I walk or ride somewhere in the neighborhood of 700 miles each year. That's 2 miles per day. Certainly nothing to brag about, but if I could do all my shopping or commuting without a car, and only had to walk/bike 2 miles a day, I would. Why own a car? Even walking that's a only 30 minutes a day. (at least it seems like) Maps kills my battery if I leave it open - iPhone 4 'Two-pizza teams'. If you can't feet the whole team with 2 pizzas, it's too big. Probably a huge client. Millions a month in revenue, but slow to pay. Neither site does interactive charts without Flash. Not a bad idea, but then you have to create some file with a list of your little lies. Then that file has to be encrypted and you have to remember the password for it. What was your childhood pet's name? Did I answer this with 'Bob Saget' or 'Nosferatu'? I can't remember! I doubt many of these self-taught guys are writing compilers. They're mostly doing CRUD apps or 'plain old web development'. > The "no degree, no problem" idea isn't backed up by my personal experience. I wish it were that easy, but I still find myself struggling to break in. I've found in a lot of companies in middle America, it's nearly impossible to get in with out a BS. Even if you know someone. The smaller companies will often take you but the pay and benefits are usually lower. On the other hand, they're more likely to have flexible schedules, allow working from home, and not have a dress code. Imagine being at Instagram, $1bn and only what, 14 employees? Why a race car? Why not a 'regular' car? Just compare the Chevy Volt against the Tesla Model S! I think the easy way to do this is not eat them in their regular form. Mix them up and add them to a recipe. You might not want to eat a spoonful of beetles but if they're ground up into a sauce, you'd never know. On the same note, not many Americans at raw (rare, rather) beef 50 years ago.