Being from the midwest as well, I was horrified when I moved to phoenix and saw all the millionaires driving in their $60,000-$80,000 cars. Then I found out that the majority of the people driving those things make $80-$140,000 a year. People out here tend to live at the ends of their means. Its a cultural thing. Some of the best conversations I've ever had with people at coffee shops have started because of laptops. "Whoa, is that one of those XO laptops? Do you like it? Can I try?" I run a site called http://www.gibsonandlily.com all the people that post there are nerds, but it is mostly non-tech news...we kindof joke that we're like reddit and digg...but for adults. I'm on this "diet" and have lost about 45 pounds so far. Getting skinny always seemed like black voodoo or something. Looking at it the way I would look at hacking together a system made it really, really, really easy. What city are you in? Go get some Yerba Matte, the loose kind. But about 1cm of it in the bottom of a french press, and about 2cm of milk in the bottom of a 20oz glass. Mix. Then add a few squirts of peppermint. (like 4 squirts). I'm serious, this concoction has gotten me through more all-nighter-afters than anything else ever. Has anybody ever seen this website before? It feels like if you hired a "webmaster" from the mid 1990s to build you a domain parking page. It is AWFUL. Ummmm...it sounds like the guy totally violated google's terms of service. He was hosting ads on a domain-squatting site that had no content. The advertisers were refunded their money, and the guy's account was closed down. As somebody that buys ads from google, I would be pretty pissed off if I found out that i was paying $1 a click for my ads to be on a parked domain...which is why they have their terms set up the way they are. Yeah, it sounds like the appeals process sucks, and that they didn't give him a real reason, but "you are a leeching douche-bag cancer to the DNS" should be a pretty good hint. are you kidding? They're protecting the people that buy ads from them, people like me , people with no advertising budget that are just trying to get a few people to check out their stupid blog ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). Those ads cost something like $1 a click (or more). If I found out that my tiny tiny budget was going to ads on some stupid domain parking website, I would be LIVID. Yeah, google terminated his account. They did it to protect people like me, and they are the reason the reason that people like me use them. I'm sorry, but domain parking/squatting/tasting/leeching/whatever-you-want-to-call-it is an instant failure in my book. oh come on, you've got to at least plug your comic! What, you mean you don't want to talk to their nephew who is "also really into those computer things" (read: plays a lot of world of warcraft). Yes, I'm bitter. It annoys me that people thing that IT consists of helping you with your num lock button, blocking them from porn, and doing lots of things with cables. Can you make a social networking site for me? You'll have to do it for free, but I'll give you some of the stock. or inquire_cost(build_social_networking_site); while cost > 100 { bitch() moan() ask again() } a non-geek sees them as the same thing. Fire up web-browser->enter web address->Log In->Click on new messages Its the same as logging in to yahoo or aol for them...we see the difference becuase (i imagine) most of us have built mail servers. We know all about smtp and pop and imap. Most of us don't see facebook as email because we're thinking about the back-end of things. Where are you at in IA? /iowan that fled to phoenix and now regrets it.. He got sick of people asking him if he could make the buttons cornflower blue. I think that, if we're talking about the level of traffic that I think we're talking about here, it would almost HAVE to be a botnet. either that, or somebody at one of the bandwidth providers got really really pissed off at you...if the later is the case the guy (or girl...they can be vindictive as hell) has probably already been fired since, you know, they sortof monitor these sorts of things. Some people spent their high school years learning programming languages and reading books written by dead guys. To these people, living in your jeep is a LOT less scary that asking one of your classmates if you can sleep on her couch. I also just want to chime in and say that I absolutely HATE websites that feel like they're been over-designed. perfect = hackernews horrible = digg.com I feel like the "uses webframework python $buzzword, javascript $buzzword $buzzword $buzzword" speaks to this. SOOO many websites have got too many distracting buttons and things to click on, and no actual content . Look at something like craigslist...its perfect. It's clean, and it gives you only the information that you want. Look at hackernews...same thing, nothing but content...yes there is some of that web2.0 (i hate that term) sauce on it, but it is a compliment to the content, not the main attraction of the site. I hate seeing these print publications go, but I can't say that I'm going to do anything to stop it... They're just too expensive. $6 for a magazine (or more)? When I can get the exact same thing (or a better alternative) online for free so long as I am willing to lend my eyeballs to some advertisers, I am not going to cough up my hard-earned cash just so I can get that joyous tactile feedback of a magazine. If these magazines want to differentiate themselves from their online counterparts they're going to need to show us, their consumers, that they can do a better job than the bloggers. That is a huge task when you're competing against bloggers who are living the life that they're writing about (I'm looking at you, Bruce Schneier). Look, a magazine is a delivery mechanism. If you want to start a magazine you have to create your content, then find a publisher to publish it and distribute it, you (or your publisher) have to eat the cost of magazines that don't sell. You need to fill a whole however many pages long your magazine is. The internet is also a delivery mechanism, the difference is that if you build the content and put it on the digital newstands like reddit,digg, or gibsonandlily.com costs you absolutely nothing, infinitely less than it would cost to put it on its real-world counterpart. Print media is dying, or is already dead. Things like Communication Arts, or Print (these are both graphic design magazines) can, I think, remain in business, but the bubble-gum poppy trip such as 17 magazine, or Cosmo are going to disappear shortly (if they haven't already). Note...me mentioning 17 and Cosmo isn't because I'm a male chauvinist bastard, it's because I grew up in a house with 5 sisters...the house was littered with these magazines. Are you asking what HN's users have created as far as news aggregators go? http://www.gibsonandlily.com is mine. Its moderated, but I feel like it has a pretty good, pretty tight-knit community :) edit/erase: I just read the rest of this thread and time_management is an idiot that probably SHOULD be seeking therapy. Token Ring. Did he call it a magazine? Came here to say this. When I first landed, I thought the buttons on the right were something like what digg has, then I thought that they were the dates of some blog posts. I finally realized that they were points like digg has (I think?). An about section would be a good idea too. Is this place for short stories? Novels? Comics? What? Also, the meat of the page seems to be too...centered? For some reason my eyeballs like things to be on the left side of a page and not in the center. Just my 0.02 We're all geeks (and most of us are also programmers and webdevs) here. Howabout a technical description of whats going on instead of a canned response? If some of us using an older browser is going to break stuff serverside then I think you've probably got some major issues to work through. Howabout a "No, thanks. I'll risk it. LEMME IN!" button? I could not agree with you more. Look, if you can cut it as a programmer you can cut it is a programmer. Start programming, get involved in some OSS projects, get your name out there! If you really genuinely want to be a "Computer Software Engineer", spend 4 years networking with other engineers and honing in your programming skills, not taking sociology and micro economics. Go to an online-only distribution model and charge a premium if you want it in dead-tree format. If their journalistic skills are so much better than those of the bloggers, then demonstrate that to us. Best "hole in one" I ever had. (I am not a programmer, feel free to submit this to the dailywtf, or coding horror, or make fun of me and call me ugly if you want to). There was a huge huge huge file that I was trying to run a perl script against. The [text] file was about 3 million lines long. What my perl did was split it out into a CSV file so that I could actually work with it (the person sending to me sent it as a space delimited file that didn't really follow its own specs, or have any explanation about what was going on...blah blah, it sucked)... Anyhow, my perl (stupidly) was doing: foreach $line ( ) { do_something; } The problem was that it kept coming back with an out_of_memory error. The other problem was that it wan running serially (is that a word) on an 8 core box....it would peg one proc with the perl, but the other 7 would just sit there being lazy. My (very hackish/duct tape) solution was to split (which should have been a big hint) the file into 8 pieces, then call the perl for each one of the 8 chunks...8 cores, 8 threads...should be full of win, yah? I used wc -l $filename to find out exactly how many lines were int he file, and then gave my new perl script that as the number of lines for each file. The new script did something like: foreach $line ( ) { print FILE1 $line; } (there was a couple of if statements so that after it hit $num_of_lines / 8 it would go to file2 file3 file4 etc. After that mess was all finished, it would call a shell script that did: magicscript file1 > file1.magic & magciscript file2 > file2.magic & etc. etc. etc. until it was done, then it would do cat *.magic > fixedfile which I could then work with... I put all this into another shell script that did echo "FULL POWER TO MAIN DEFLECTOR (this could get messy, look out!)" perl engage.pl by some miracle it worked on the first try!! I have since fixed this mess of code. At the time it was a "we don't have time to do it right, just DO IT!" moment, so...whatever :). I love debugging...I even [sometimes] love debugging other people's code... Its a bit like being a kid, and going out exploring in the woods, or trying to figure out where your parents hid the christmas presents. Everything is new, and shiny (with other's code)...its fun seeing how other people do things... That and it is a puzzle. Doing stuff in the "real world" is boring, predictable. Doing stuff in code is fun. There are no "rules" really. The only limitation is how much yerba matte I can consume. 11. Being forced to use crappy vendor software that they refuse to provide documentation for and then get yelled at when it doesn't work and told that it is your job to MAKE it work. 12. Blind Carbon Copies 13. Being forced to do things the wrong way. 14. Being woken up in the middle of the night and having to walk somebody through how to check if their ethernet cable is plugged in for an hour and a half and STILL being required to be there at 8:00 the next morning. 15. Providing a "this-must-work-now" temporary hack because somebody can't figure out how to work an excel spreadsheet, then having providing them with this spreadsheet every week become part of your job. I am not a DBA, so don't listen to me, but: Because MySQL is free? There have been a number of apps (scripts, rather) that I have written at work that require databases to function. Mostly report, some contact management stuff for the marketing dorks, etc. etc. I would never ever even DREAM of using anything that costs money for this stuff, why would I? For an app that gets used by 10 people, that has MAYBE 100,000 records (that is the largest I could realistically see it growing to), mysql more than meets my needs... The scripts run on OpenBSD. They're python (with its CGI and MySQLdb modules) running on Apache with MySQL. All 100% free of cost to us. That's your problem, Oracle/IIS, you cost money. edit: Just to clarify...I'm talking about using databases for little in-house projects. I was the same way... I never EVER worse shoes in the summer time. By the end of it, I could walk across pavement without feeling the burn :) DING Torrents have become to much work . Maybe I have just been "out of the scene" or whatever for too long... In the days of suprnova, the front page would be filled with albums or movies with plenty of seeds and MODERATORS that removed torrents that contained crap or trojans. Bittorrent now is as bad as kazaa (if that is even still around). I buy TONS of music...mostly bands that I found back in the suprnova days, actually, and I buy most of it on iTunes... I'm at work...dealing with the idiots at the pirate bay is too much of a pain in the ass and not worth the $9 an album costs on iTunes. As soon as somebody comes out with something better , I'll migrate to that. You're exactly right, it is all about ease of use. Using torrents used to be easier than going to the music store. That is no longer the case. Although....there is still IRC ;-) The music industry is doing a pretty good job of that right now. It has gotten to the point, for me, that I wouldn't even know where to go to bootleg music anymore. With things like imeem or pandora, I don't need to. In fact, there was an album I wanted a week or so ago; I had to ask one of my little sisters what was the current tool that people were using to get music (she is in high school). Not wanting to jump through hoops (the website she linked me to was basically a front-end of ? intitle:index.of on google, I fucking loathe peerguardian and didn't feel like renewing my usenet subscription), I just bought the album on iTunes, ran it through qtfairuse (you'll need to downgrade to itunes V6 to do it) and called it good. They really are starting to figure it out. If you want an example, go to whitelabel.net. It is a tool for DJs to freely download new tracks (and sometimes albums) before they hit store shelves. There are no intrusive sign-up proceedures, just a username/password form, and a download page. That said, I believe that the RIAA is going to be going away very soon (the arm of it that it suing people, not th arm of it that regulates audio standards...kindof like the IEEE). The "temple" studio model is all but dead. The cost of entry into the music production world has gotten to a point that the small, studio next to your favorite bar (if you're in tempe az, you know what I'm talking about) is cranking out music that is on par with the stuff that the megacorp is. Hey guys, I deliberately left HN out of this because HN seems like the best Online community out there right now... Hope you find this funny :) >All three systems What does this mean? To clarify what is being said here (a lot of people seem confused by this)... A lot of these seem to be the difference between the Mac "This is ours, you can use it" philosophy, and the BSD/Linux "This is ours, WE can use it" philosophy. There are things about macs that, while they are probably obvious to mac users, are completely non-intuitive to everyone else. Devs don't want to spend time learning the quirks of a window manager, we don't care; we care about....DEVELOPING! When you've got something, like aqua, that just seems to continually get in your way, it sucks. A personal example: A few years ago, my parents had just moved into a new house. It was a really cool house, and they were really excited about it. I thought it would be fun to create a spoof of that show that used to be on MTV called "Cribs" (Athletes and singers walk through their houses and show them off with some slow motion/fast motion transitions and some hip hop music). A friend of mine helped by filming me walk around their house and host our fake cribs show. When it came time to offload the video onto my PC, we ran into trouble, I didn't have the right firewire port for the cable we had (it was his camera). "No Problem", I thought, "I'll just plug it into my friend's laptop (a mac), copy the video to his machine, then SCP it to mine." Hooray, "Unix-Under-The-Hood!". We imported the movie to "iMovie" (i think that is what it was), but I could NOT figure out how to save the video file. There was no "save" or "export". Nothing. I could "save to quicktime" or "save to the internet" or "save to $foo mac app", but no "Save to /home/scott/video.mpg". I finally had to "export to quicktime", then do a find. |grep *.mpg to find the thing. THAT is the sort of "getting in my way" that seems to be not only acceptable at Apple, but standard and required. Another example is iPods. Ever try and take a song OFF of your ipod? Yes, you can do it, but Apple tries to get in your way as much as they can. Oh. Sorry, I've been spending a lot of time around BSD lately. What I was asking was if you meant "Windows, BSD, Mac" or "Windows, BSD, Linux" or what. or want to take the time to actually rip an album from vinyl instead of cd. most vinyl is cut from CDs these days, not studio masters. So whats up with haskell lately? that was the biggest difference I noticed when I moved from linux(gentoo) to openbsd; the man pages. They're actually....really really really useful. I know this is blasphemy around some parts of the internet, but windows 2000/xp can actually be a decent OS if used correctly. don't worry, he is a unix geek as well... http://leapsecond.com/pages/unix/ I think it is more about instilling in them the idea that science can be fun. Umm? Give kids a little bit more credit than that... The boys look like they're in 5th grade or so...the girl looks like she is probably in 3rd? They aren't infants, and their dad obviously works in this field. This was a great opportunity for them to see what dad does beyond sitting in a lab all day. When I was that age I would have been ecstatic to see what my dad did, doubly so if it had had something to do with science. THE PLOW IS GOING TO MAKE THE FARMER OBSOLETE!!! Okay, I'm kidding, of course, and I struggle with this all the time. I mean, if a factor that used to require 1000 people to build cars now only requires 100, or 50, or 1 or 0 or whatever , then what happened to the rest of the workers? They have moved on to auxiliary industries such as engineering (somebody needs to design the robots right). The endgame, however, will be the mechanized production of everything. At that point, energy will be the currency (instead of labor..think about it, paper money is just a unit of time*energy). If we can tap the near-limitless supplies of energy from fusion, we will have achieved a nearly Utopian Society. He was interviewing at (guess:) google. My guess is that the culture there sortof enjoys these kinds of "traps". Its the "oh, this is cool!" design philosophy. There was a top gear episode, Clarkson was talking about driving...the quote is something like "THIS, now this is fast driving. Boring, smooth, not a lot of tyres screeching...boring, efficient... now THIS, this is TELEVISION driving, car going sideways, tyres smoking something furious! WAAAHOOOOOO!!! FUN! See the difference?" This is like...television design, its fun and loud, but not very effective. I'm sorry, this makes no sense at all. Carry On. I don't get this either...I seems like the most they send you is 3 pairs of socks every 14 days? Something seems a bit off there. This is why this sort of thing would never work for me...My routine when I get home is: Come in the door, pet the dog. Set the laptop down on the table, grab a beer from the refrigerator, walk out to the back yard, sit on the patio, kick my socks off, and start playing fetch with the dog. My socks end up in a pile on the patio and end up getting thrown away. If this place was 7 socks for 7 dollars delivered weekly I would sign up today. It is tough to justify the cost for this, especially when i can go to walmart and get ~10 pairs of black socks for $4. Maybe this is not aimed at nerds? (I'm thinking not). Cool idea though. I'm with the person below here that says they get their shirts from woot. So do I. Woot is so amazingly perfect, I wish they did dress clothes as well...there are no choices to make, yes, or no. That is it. You say yes and you have a shirt at your door (or in my case, my office) the next day. If it was $1 per pair including shipping I could justify it..so like...$30 a month for fresh socks every day. Wow... I had never seen that before, and honestly thought it was a warning about predatory lending...the person on the phone "you can do this" sounds like a drug dealer "just one hit". ...wow. To me, this illustrates a breakdown of our education system. Why was this kid not noticed, and nurtured? Not to play the nerd card here, but I can almost guarantee that if he had had an exceptionally good throwing arm (instead of an affinity for chemistry), his school would have noticed and would have helped him develop. Maybe I'm just bitter because I grew up in a small town and saw this happening all around me. This story reminds me a lot of a very close friend of mine that used to manufacture all kinds of different chemicals in his garage, used some of the same social-engineering skills to obtain the necessary equipment to do so (accurate scales was always a problem because people though he was making meth), and was completely and totally ignored by his school. It's depressing; excelling physically seems to be more important than excelling mentally. Where does that leave us? But it’s another sign that large private companies like Facebook are desperately seeking ways to find “liquidity” for their employees — especially now that the IPO market remains difficult, in particular for unprofitable companies. Well, this sounds fantastic. One thing to remember is who your target is. Lets look at an example that I had to deal with about a week ago: The company I work for is having a pretty large event coming up, something that our customers would most likely be very interested in. My boss's reaction was that we should grab the email addresses that we have harvested from our website (signups require an email address), and send those people an email telling them about the event. I'm sure that the majority of you can predict what my reaction to this was...something along the lines of "No, that is spam, that is bad, part of my job is preventing exactly the type of email you want to send out from making it onto our network. By harvesting email addresses from our website you are violating our customers trust; spam spam spam, BAD!" Naturally, the PHBs did not understand this and, despite my best efforts to stop them, they ended up sending the spam (although I forced them to use a different mail server than we use for sending mails). After much anger, and much thinking, I have come to a conclusion about this. I have changed my mind. Now...I, as a geek/admin, DESPISE the sorts of mass mailings that they sent out, but why? I hate them because I hear "mass mail" and immediately think "0mG G3t V14GRA N0W!", something that I hate. I know the sorts of slimey tactics that spammers use to evade spam filters, and actively fight against them. The "problem" is that the majority of my dislike for "mass mailings" are technical. I hate them because they are not what the email system was intended for, and because they are a pain in my ass. You know what, though, they're things that most of our customers want to hear. Looking through my email box, I see that there are some things (mailing lists, google's newsgroup summary emails that come every day telling me what happened in comp.sys.ibm.as400.misc that day, emails from a website called steapandcheap [like woot, but for outdoor gear], backup confirmation emails etc.) that are automated, and might seem evil at first (the commercial stuff like steapandcheap especially) but are actually things that I WANT to see. Where am I going with all of this? There is a good chance that your hatred for the sorts of tactics he describes here come from your nature as a geek. The unfortunate reality is that the majority of users just simply don't care. Look at things like myspace, look at success stories like that 15 year old girl that is making 7 figures with her website that does myspace layouts (err..I think she is like 19 now...she was talked about in the 30 woman web entrepreneurs making big $$ article the other day), look at facebook applications like honesty box, these things are HORRIFYINGLY bad from the perspective of a geek. But to a normal person, to the type of person that is keeping the "Click here for a FREE iPoD!" advertisers in business, and to the type of person you're probably trying to attract, these things that we might find "obnoxious", they find useful. It is a sad reality, but it is a reality nonetheless. I apologize for the moderate threadjack here, but I have a lot of respect for you guys and would like your opinion on something... How do you feel about these sorts of things (openid, I mean). I remember microsoft trying it long long ago and it being a colossal failure. A good friend of mine and I have a little blog/news aggregator/comment pool thing that we're both having a bit of fun with and he keeps suggesting that we use google connect. To me, these sorts of things take away from the community feel of places like HN, or reddit, or wherever else... What do you guys think? Was this a good move for facebook? This infuriates me more than almost any other social faux pas. This, and people talking on their cellphone in the car. ESPECIALLY people talking on the cellphone in the car. I have to turn the radio down, and I have to pretend that I'm not listening to your conversation. When you're finished, am I allowed to comment on what you were just talking about? Here is an idea, if the two of us must share a dinner table, or a car, put your freaking phone on silent, you are not THAT important and neither is anybody else. On another note, I am starting to believe that our generation is becoming culturally dead. I was recently at a "Rabbit in The Moon" show. Its a visual/audio spectacular/rave type of thing. Think big flame throwing half naked women, a guy in a giant hamster ball, and just general craziness. YOu know what drove me absolutely, completely, positively insane? It wasn't the teenagers on ecstacy in their "cuddle puddles" or the half-naked dudes running around trying to sell me drugs, it was the morons in the front row more pre-occupied with trying to pop off a photo with their telephone than with the absolutely fantastic show they could have been witnessing. WTF Is wrong with people? Is the crappy, grainy video with bad sound of the show that you can post on your myspace page so that your friends thing you're cool REALLY more important to you than actually EXPERIENCING what is going on around you? Is that what it has become now? It isn't the experience, it is bragging about the experience to people on the internet. It makes me sad :(. I think I might be one of the few young people that is not okay with text messages at all. If you need something from me, you can either call me, or send me an email... Chances are, if you're compressing it into 140 characters, that it isn't that important. If it IS that important, why the HELL are you sending it to me over some stateless, hacked together part of the cell spec that was intended to be used for sending out signal strength info instead of...I don't know...CALLING me? I tend to use texting/"checking my website" as a social cue to the person I'm with that I want to leave. It is my way of going "I'm bored with you. I'm going to make the situation so awkward that you want to leave". Here is a tip, friends, if I like you, either my phone and its battery are in physically separate locations, like one in the glove box and one in the trunk, or my phone is shut OFF...not on vibrate, not on silent, not on sleep; powered. off. If it ISN'T, it means that I'm just using you to occupy my time...my phone is on because I'm hoping somebody more interesting calls me. You're European, aren't you. Bastard. Just to clarify: What I'm saying is that my phone is usually OFF when I'm with friends. This is why it infuriates me so much when people use theirs around me. Algorithms don't have those pesky "emotions" or "gut feelings" to get over. Bosses do. How is bandwidth used any more abstract than electricity used? Grandma wants to video chat! She doesn't know how much bandwidth it uses! POOR GRANDMA! Grandma wants to run the air conditioner! She doesn't know how much power it uses! POOR GRANDMA! Maybe grandma should learn, eh? Lets say that the lotter involves guessing the correct 1 digit number (0-9). There is a one in ten chance of winning. The guy in front of you has a 1/10 chance of hitting the winner. You ALSO have a 1/10 chance of hitting the winner. The likelihood of you BOTH hitting the winner in a row is 1/10*1/10 = 1/100. So, yes, the person in front of you winning DOES decrease your chances of winning. You could also think about it like this: I'm sorry, I'm sure my lack of a maths degree is showing, but wouldn't the probability of hitting a random digit (0-9) be 1/10, but the probability of the hitting the SAME random digit twice IN A ROW be 1/100? Everyone could be creative, if given the chance I disagree with you whole-heartedly. Certainly everyone has the capacity for some level of creativity, but I think the type that we're talking about here is the same sort of gift that artists have. Similarly to how some people are simply born with a genetic predisposition towards athletics, some people are born with the same sort of genetic predisposition towards mathematics. The idea that everyone has got the same abilities is exactly the problem that we're talking about here. Some people ARE born with an advantage (or have one nurtured into them), and those people need to be allowed to excel, not held back because of those around them. Doesn't that contradict the rest of your statement? Yes, it does. I shouldn't have written that. I did because I was hoping to quell any "nature vs. nurture" debates. My argument assumes nature, then goes on to argue that those born with an advantage shouldn't be forced to suppress it due to some sort of self-defeating attempt to make children succeed. My point (sorry, I'm rambling) is that I don't want to debate nature vs. nurture, I want to debate the idea that kids that aren't excelling in a field should be encouraged to regardless of their natural talents. You need to substitute "winning" for "being an idiot". It is an english language problem...If you spend $90 on a $50 item, you lose because you are losing money. We are talking about lose in the "win/lose" usage of the word. You're not wrong , you're just confused. Do I lose when I get a soda from the soda machine at work instead of purchasing it in bulk? Do I lose if I purchase it in bulk from costco instead of pooling the resources of my friends, starting a company, and buying directly from a distributor? Is the soda machine a "game of chance"? The answer to all of these questions is "no". None of them are games of chance. This would be a game of chance if it was "pay $10 and you might win, but we won't tell you until the end" instead of "pay $10 and if somebody pays $11 we will tell you so that, if you chose to, you can bay $12. This cycle will continue until the item reaches a point that nobody is willing to spend more for the item" This is not a game of chance because you get to CHOSE if you are going to win, and they TELL you if you will before the conclusion of the auction (or game, in your description). You ARE simply confused about this, because it isn't possible for a rationally thinking person to make the argument that you are and mean it. Does the auction keep all of your money if you lose the item? As in...if you bid $10, then $12, then $14, are you actually spending $36 + bidding fees? Because if you're only paying for the item once you win it, that is NOT a gamble. Yes, there are fees involved. This is customary for EVERY auction. (I don't know about ebay, but visit a real-world auction sometime). We already do this in Arizona. Guys...1984 was a WARNING, not a set of instructions . In other news: home appraisers are much better at judging the value of your home than common sense is. This is why your 2 bedroom shack on the wrong side of town can be worth $500,000 /bitter Phoenician Maybe this is a stupid question, but why is google paying for bandwidth at all? Why doesn't google own their own bandwidth provider? Didn't they buy up a bunch of dark fiber a while ago? Lease it to the providers and use that to subsidize their own bandwidth. Or am I totally missing the point? Would you? For me, youtube has largely replaced pirating music as a means for discovering bands (this is why it angers me so much when videos get muted). The cost for me to check out a band I might be interested in is ~$0.00. If they started charging me for this, I would either want something that I got to keep, or I would start pirating again. I imagine that you wouldn't actually have to process the transaction until somebody owes a largish ammount of money (relatively). Something around $10-20. What would work even better (this is how allofmp3.com used to work) would be to buy a bunch of credits...$10-$20 worth of them, then as you make "micropayments", it draws from this supply. Google's ad program also works this way. You pay in $50 or so, then each click costs you $0.90 or $0.10 or whatever it is, it doesn't process a transaction for each one, it just draws from your reserve. This is good because it encourages people to continue using the service until their balance is gone. This causes the cost of moving to another service to increase. The idea of this isn't new, it's just stupid. It sounds like somebody needs to create a micropayment service. I don't have the coding chops, but I know a lot of the people around here do. You put $10 into a micropayment account that can then be used across websites like facebook or blogger, or whatever else service decides to do this. I could even see ISPs rolling this into part of your payment plan for internet...$50 a month for access, $10 a month that gets picked at by people that use micropayments. If anybody does this, will you buy me an Ariel Atom? Perhaps the problem is that they're spending too much on the education. BLASPHEMY! You may be thinking, education is PARAMOUNT to any civilization! We musn't cut spending on education! Does anyone here live in the Phoenix, AZ area? If so, take a tour of ASU's recent campus renovations. The new dorms look like luxury-condos. The buildings around campus match. ASU has gotten into the habit of buying up the most expensive property available, and developing high-end real-estate on top of it. Do we really need that? What we need are desks, blackboards, and good professors. I could not care any less what the building I'm studying inside of looks like. Are campus aesthetics really that important, or even relevant at all, to higher education? No. The answer is that no, they are not. It seems cliche' for a geek to get bent out of shape about it, but lets also look at the sports teams. How much money is spent on this educationally fruitless endeavour? What is the return on it? How does it effect education? Suggesting that post-secondary education should cost what it currently does is insane. Private institutions can do whatever they please, in my opinion, but the state schools need to get back to their roots. That is: intellectual pursuits, not physical ones. I don't know that library participation is so much relevant in the days of instant-access to the ammount of information that is available to us on the internet. A netbook-type replacement for the kindle isn't going to improve this at all. What is your point? I think that your confusion here stems from your misunderstanding of the people who are in the market for the kindle. They're not using it for anything other than reading books, and most of them don't want to. You know what demographic represents a large portion of kindle users? The elderly. While we geeks might enjoy envisioning kindle users as the sort of technical elite that salivate over the kindle's wireless distribution model, or its e-ink screen, the people actually using the device don't care. It is a book reader, not a mobile computing platform, I'm not sure how hard I can drive this point home. The people who really are geeks (people that use websites like HN), carry things like netbooks around because they have real keyboards on them. Putting a real keyboard on the kindle would ruin it. The refresh time on the kindle's screen (kindle 2) is almost perfect. It is almost exactly the ammount of time that it takes my eyes to transition to the top of the page and continue reading. For me, the experience with the kindle is better than experiences I've had with dead-tree books. I (and I suspect the overwhelming majority of kindle users) hope that amazon never changes it. You represent a very tiny minority of prospective kindle users. The people using the kindle just want it to work (this is why Bezos worked out the deal with Sprint). Have you ever tried walking grandma (Who is a memeber of one of the major groups the kindle is aimed at: The elderly) through setting up her ipod? Then transferring songs to it? Can you imagine walking the same person through the steps required to convert whatever file it is she wants to view on her reader, how to plug the USB cable in, what hole it goes in, what buttons to press, when to press them, what it all means, where the books are, how to find them on her harddisk etc. etc. etc. The kindle is good because it is simple. If you don't want that, get an old palm pilot or a nokia 770 (which is what I used before I got my kindle...palm back in early 2000 and nokia up until about a year ago). Did anyone else feel like the just read a paper written by a fourth grader with a thesaurus? He pointed out that it would be difficult to discuss this topic without it turning into snickering and red faces, the proceeded to make it into a lighthearted sortof joke of an article. Also, was I the only one that felt that the fact that the author was gay in no way whatsoever contributed to this at all? This is a mildly interesting article, but if you don't want to read all three pages let me summarize it for you: your penis has a ridge on it because sperm can live in a vagina for up to 48 hours. The ridge is meant to move any sperm that was in the vagina (potentially another male's) out of it. Longer penises can go further inside, and are better at removing sperm from further inside of the vagina. I also lost all faith in this article when they went to a sex shop to buy false vaginas and dildos. They make human reproductive analogs for use in the medical industry and experiments such as this one. They are near-perfect reproductions of the organs (they need to be for accurate research). I know this because a relative of mine is a salesman for a company that builds them. I just want to clarify: You are saying that a device other than the kindle, would service a market other than the one that the kindle does? I really very highly recommend that every geek/hacker out there learn lock picking. There is a row of padlocks on my desk at work that I play with every time I get stuck on a coding problem. It's really helpful :). (I also freed my brother's bike from the clutches of the bike rack after he lost the key to it a week ago). Go take a walk and look down. What you're looking for are street sweeper bristles. They'll look like sticks, but unnaturally straight. You can use of one to make a tension wrench, and the others to make your picks. NYT's registration wall is infuriating. Here is a working link: http://translate.google.com/translate?u=http://www.nytimes.c... That is what I did. I just wanted to share with everybody so that they didn't have to do the same. I'm apologize if the link isn't working for some people, I was just trying to help out. Justin.tv is a bandwidth problem. This is "easily" solvable using a CDN. Twitter is a database problem. I am not a DBA (but I play one at work!), but I believe this is "easily" solvable using sharding. As far as I know, twitter doesn't do this and nobody really knows why. From Terrible to terrifying: 35mm film sales have plummeted. Newspapers aren't going to disappear. Specialty newspapers like the financial times will always have their place on my breakfast table, but the boring, almost-pointless local news? Thats going on my kindle in a hurry. It's like anything (hosting I mean.) I don't care what you THINK you're selling, you're not. You're selling customer service. Lets look at my favorite bar. I go there ALL the time. It isn't even remotely close to my house (anymore), and the beer is silly expensive (because it's really good ). OF COURSE I could run to the local liquor store and buy it, OF COURSE that would be cheaper, OF COURSE I could then enjoy as much of it as I want in the comfort of my living room without having to worry about driving home (meaning I usually only get to have 1 or maybe 2 beers). So why do I keep going? Because all of the bartenders know me by name, they all know what sorts of beer I like (they have over 500 beers here, so them knowing what I want helps if they're making suggestions) and my glass is NEVER empty (If I'm having a friend drive). On multiple occasions, the bartenders have said "Hey, I just put 20 free credits in the jukebox, you should go over and pick some songs". One time, I had ridden my bike there and it started raining...I was about to head home when the bartender set a beer down in front of me and said "Why don't you wait it out, this one's on me". It's the exact same thing with hosting, or bananas, or toilet seats, car alarms, computers, lightbulbs, EVERYTHING. OF COURSE I could set up a box on my own, OF COURSE I could find a bandwidth provider and pay them, OF COURSE I could round up enough of my friends to make the cost of running the server less than what I spend a day on coffee, OF COURSE I could keep spare hardware on hand for when it goes down, but you know what? I don't! I don't do it because to ME, it is worth buying the customer service from slicehost to have them do it for me. THAT is what I'm buying. I'm not buying server space, or bandwidth, or anything like that, I'm buying SERVICE . Some companies are have figured this out (the one I work for is one of them), and those that have are thriving right now. (if anyone here is curious, the bar I'm talking about is called 'Papago Brewery' and it is in Phoenix, AZ...if you're in Phoenix, stopping here is worth it, trust me). I will be honest, I like ads. Wait, I should rephrase that...."I like useful ads." Yeah, thats better. My alter-ego is a recording engineer. You know the best place to learn about recording gear is? Recording industry mags! "Well, OBVIOUSLY, blhack, the articles teach you about the gear! DUH! NEXT! DOWNVOTE!" But wait, young troll, wait. The reason that those recording industry magazines are such great places to learn is the ads! The ads are targeted at recording engineers, and people working in studios. You may start out thinking to yourself "gee whiz, fellas, them recording equipments sure are neat!", but that is all you know about it! YOu know that there is a mythical land called a "studio" where magicians called "engineers" cook things in their cauldrons called "digital audio workstations" to produce wonderous audio adventures for your listening pleasure, but that is about it. You don't yet know the norms for how those DAWs work, what mics are useful for what, how much things cost, where they go, how they connect to each other, what ELSE you can do (outbourd effects [spells, I call them]) etc. etc. This is what the ads are there for. They're there to give you cues about what you should be looking at if you're building a studio. THIS is the holy grail of what google is trying to do! The advertisers know to just advertise their new condensor mics in the recording industry mags because they know who is reading them. What they DON'T know is who is reading BLOGS about the same things. That is where google steps in. Google crawls your site and tries to GUESS what sorts of ads you would be interested in. This can be highly effective, but it isn't as good at targeting as real people are. What digg is trying to do is figure out a way to bring humans back into the targeting equation. My prediction is that it will be a total failure, but it WILL mark a revolution in the way that ads are being delivered. (Affiliate marketers are already starting to do this to some extent by localizing their ads). The frustrating thing is that most designers really WANT to make interesting, artistic, beautiful ads. The types of things that people seek out. This doesn't happen because, often times, the people they're designer for look at it and don't "get" it. Look at the "think different" ad that TBWA did for apple way back when. The one that starts out "Here's to the crazy ones, this misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers". What does that have to do with apple computer? Absolutely, positively NOTHING, but you know what? I have that typed out and hanging on the wall in my office and I've watched the ad close to 100 times. Why is this? Because I love apple computer? Because I love TWBA? No. It is because this "ad" is art. This ad is the type of thing that happens when you turn a creative team loose and tell them to gasp get creative. Howabout the ads during the superbowl? Granted these are usually very very expensive, but my point is that if you create your ads as something that people WANT to watch (like movie trailers or music videos), they will. You're assuming that wealth and money are closed systems. They are not. Money is just a universal currency that we all use for work. Do you want a new ipod? Well, apple doesn't trade in man-hours, they trade in dollars. So what you need to do is get a job with somebody that will trade you some of their dollars for your man hours (think of an employer like a currency exchange). Once you have exchanged enough of the currency you have (time) for the currency that the currency exchange (your employer) has (dollars), you can take them to apple and trade them for an iPod. Apple then reverses the transaction. They take some of the dollars that you gave them, and trade their workers some of the dollars for some of their man-hours. Dollars are just a common currency. The INPUT (making it a non-closed system) is work. So no, by creating wealth, you are NOT simply robbing it from people. This is appropriately called "robbery". There is a slightly longer explanation here: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/cgi-bin/reply.cgi?thread_id=177... The game is utterly rigged in favor of the powerful I want you to think about that statement for a while. The game isn't rigged in favor of the powerful. The powerful are powerful because they have power. Because of this power they are able to influence things. Their ability to influence things makes them powerful. It's circular. I tried really hard, but I just can't take this type of writing seriously. Summary: Microsoft wants to expand their search market. They plan on spending a lot of money advertising this. This is a bad idea. Guy who wrote this, listen up: People do not giving a flying shit about the underlying architechture of any product they use. They do not care about the quality of results. They do not care about the logo on the top. They care about how they feel when they're using things. Lets look at apple's ipod. Yes, they are absolutely successful. Why is this? Is it because they have a massively superior product to anybody else? Or is it because they have advertised the living hell out of it to the point of an ipod being a fashion accessory/status symbol? Haha, ipods are so hip , what, are you behind the times with that other mp3 player? Haha, look at how happy I am with this terrific, iPod, I'm with it! I'm hip! The ipod isn't better, the feeling is better. Look at the bing homepage compared to google. They have a nice big graphic on there with lots of colors. Its kindof beautiful. Oh, and the graphic changes all the time! Isn't that great? It's like you'd have to go to the page a few times a day to see all the pictures. (now I'm adopting that annoying, sarcastic writing style. Sorry) In search, getting results is the easy part. The part that keeps people coming back isn't content, its the feeling that they get when they're using the product. I apologize, I should have been more specific. What I should have said was that results were important when web search was in its infancy. It has been refined to the point of irrelevance. What sorts of things do you look for that you aren't able to find with google? /me checks notes... I'll allow it. I used to think the same thing. My Brother in Law is a very seasoned pilot, so is my dad. I asked them about this one day. Like "guys, how do you go from flying around in little Citation 5s to flying around in massive jumbo jets?" They were confused about my question. Why? Because flying isn't flying, it's systems. You learn the GPS, you learn the autopilot, you learn the radio, and after that, you follow the checklist. You're just there to press the buttons, the rest of it is planned. They always joke that, "if you're flying IFR (instrument flight rating, meaning that every single one of your movements in controlled by the tower), you have to get clearance from control before you can scratch your balls". I still don't believe them, but just thought I'd chime in. Maybe you didn't read the article completely. He isn't just repossesing airplanes from businessmen, he is repossesing them from psychotic foreign dictators, drug dealers, warlords, etc. This is why he has ended up in South American prison. >He employs 65 "super repos" I doubt that he employs 65 full time pilots. It sounds like more him, his wife, and his two sons. The other people are probably just brutes that he calls up every once in a while for doing large things like taking a fleet of helicopters. Also, I suspect that that "tidy six figures" is a net after he has paid his employees. (I'm going to assume that they get paid per job, not per year). Can anyone explain what is happening here? The guy got fired for something to do with videos? Have you read the backstory for this? I know the guy that did this posts here. So this is to him: I am calling you out. What you did was wrong. As a geek you should know this. People that squat on domains hoping that people typo a URL and land on your page covered in ads is a cancer on the DNS. NOT ONLY is it a cancer on the DNS, it steals money from people who are legitimately trying to promote their own products. I have a little social news website that my friends and I post on. Yeah it is tiny, yeah it is worthless, yeah it is probably a complete and total mess of code that is wide open to any number of vulnerabilites, but you know what? It's my baby. I'm broke. I'll admit that. I don't make a lot of money. But ONCE, I decided to splurge a little bit on some google ads. Yeah, it was $50, yeah it was stupid and pointless and I'm not going to recoup it, but this is my hobby and I think it's fun. I cannot even imagine how absolutely blindingly infuriated (not to mention heartbroken) I would have been if I would have found out that this small ammount of money that I decided to "invest" in my little project had been squandered on some asshole leeching money from people with a landing page. Those clicks are expensive. That $700 or whatever you earned came from people like ME. You violated their terms of service and you deserved everything that you got as a result of it. I know we're supposed to be civil here, but honestly man, fuck you. What you did was very barely (if at all) above a pyramid scheme. Domain squatting has been around for a lot longer than google for domains has. Groaaaann.... Please tell me that this sort of thing is not going to become the norm on websites... This is the reason that I migrated away from facebook. Text. It works. they have something that pops up at the bottom of your screen to tell you that something has happened on the page. It only works when you actually AT facebook. Having that sort of "functionality" follow me around sounds like some sort of hellish nightmare. What? I'm saying that google ending their adsense for domains program would not cause the domain squatting industry to collapse. http://dhawhee.blogs.com/d_hawhee/files/109_fake_tits_real_b... I'm surprised that hacker news didn't get mentioned (okay, I'm glad they didn't mention it). IMHO, this moderation system is the best (or maybe a close tie with slashdot)...trolly posts don't disappear, they just get lighter and lighter until they all-but disappear. All it takes after that is a highlight and you can read it. I hope it does go this way... Why? Because I will continue offering content for free. (tip: I'm being snarky. If this does happen, there will be a LOT of people who still offer content for free.) "If you can't run that site with 750 people, you don't know how to run a business," No offense, but what the hell do they need even 750 people for? On UNIX/Linux it is also viewed by many as a modern replacement for Perl I still have a LOT of perl in use simply because of my hatred of python's regular expressions and I suspect that I'm not the only one... It probably has a lot to do with my lack of programming knowledge (I've never taken any formal programming classes [err...I took java in college but never actually went to the scheduled class because it was a lot of covering what these cRaZy things called variables were])... A replacement on python looks like this... foo = re.compile(" this works, but it just feels less awkward to me than $bar = s/ We teach people to be the status quo, we don't encourage them to excel. For me, summers were spent learning about computers and all the magic spells that I could cast to get them to do whatever I wanted them to. For some students, school is holding them back. If we want to fix things, we need to abandon this psychotic idea that all students are the same, that there are no dumb kids and that you can just dump 20 similarly aged kids into a room that has somebody standing at the front of it talking at them and that they will somehow come out of the situation better for the experience. I apologize for this being offtopic, so feel free to downmod me for it, but: Does anyone know what font they're using on this page? It looks like what happens when you try to trace a font using the "trace bitmap" function in inkscape. In other words: awful. You'd be amazed at the forces in place that so strongly coerce teachers to stick to the status quo. No, I wouldn't. Men sexually harass women because they are not sexist: Their theory is that men treat women aggressively just like they do men so they aren't sexist. But not being sexist means realizing women are different than men and treating them accordingly so their theory is nothing more than a word game. You have got a number of bizarre arguments in this post, but they're all arguable (kindof) except this one. Sexism is exactly thinking that somebody is different simply because they are a specific sex. The goal of "political correctness", as idiotic as it seems, is to have everybody treated as if they were carbon copies of one another. Not being a sexist would mean not acknowledging the differences between the sexes. Aren't browser-specific features one of the things that mozilla was supposed to cure? I don't know about that . My kindle seems pretty sturdy (okay, no it doesn't)...but have you ever seen how destructive a 3rd grader can be? I predict that, if this was tried, not a single kindle would make it through elementary school. My biggest disappointment, when I got my kindle, was how flimsy the thing feels... I was dreaming about a device that was going to travel with me everywhere I went (the way my old palm pilots, which are what I used to use for ebooks, did)... Perhaps this is a silly question, but what about using things like proxies? Also, aren't there any hackers in Iran right now? If anybody is in need of an SSH tunnel out of the country, I'm sure that some of us HNers can help out (isn't this sortof what TOR is for?) Is anybody here in Iran? Could you elaborate on what they're filtering an how? Could I trouble you to provide a link? I'd like to help out if possible (have a couple of spare servers not doing anything now). I have to admit that I am a little surprised and, quite honestly, a bit frightened that some of you are using facebook chat. Do you no longer have to go to facebook.com to use it or something? I think I have used facebook chat exactly once. It was something along the lines of "wtf is this thing popping up on the bottom of my screen!?" followed by me closing it. Okay that makes sense then. I honestly still thought that it was just a popup on the website...hearing that the HN community (which I consider to be one of the most 'with it' around) was using it was crushing to me. I really like your idea of the "rogue communication kit". Quite frankly it wouldn't surprise me if we WERE distributing this sort of thing, just very discretely. If we're not doing anything here, I will be very disappointed. What I would like to see is the United States leading the world in proclaiming that we're not going to tolerate this sort of crap. I do not mean dropping bombs. I DO mean doing "little" things like encouraging ISPs to set up proxies for Iranian bloggers to use. (The ones set up by individual hackers seem to get shut down just as quickly as they start getting used). I just feel like there are non-violent things that we could do to show our support for those that do not what Ahmadinejad in power. In case anybody doesn't get the "joke", microsoft recently launched a contest where they "hid" something on the web, but you need IE8 to see it. The former is idiotic, this is cool :) Good job, mozilla team! Microsoft is a running a similar contest http://www.microsoft.com/australia/ie8/competition/ That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever heard. Does microsoft need to houseclean THAT bad? Really? This is horrible advice, don't listen to it. Buuuttt... Look at hacking your body the same way you would look at hacking a computer. What makes your metabolism tick? What you're going to find is that excersizing, and eating a LOT of proteing (so that your body doesn't metabolize muscle tissue [like your heart] while you're on your uber low cal diet) are the best way to lose weight. Don't eat anything (or very little) for like 2 days and the thought of eating a black and blue burger will start to seem repulsive. This is when you start eating fruit and chicken. Have you ever combined the cottage cheese and the apples? Heaven in my mouth. One of the most annoying offenders of this is the windows wireless configuration utility. It refuses to let you see the WEP key that you are typing, but insists that you type it twice. If it were something like "what is your favorite flavor of popsicls" and not "type this random 58 character sting of hex", then that might be acceptable, but it isn't. Really, who is going to be standing over your shoulder and memorize that? /drives me insane //iwconfig ath0 essid "blueberry struedel" key $foo ftw You must live in a fantasy land where the people working around you rational adults. Doing this in the real world will lead people to thinking you are a "dick". They do consult people with "knowledge" in the field. The problem is that the "experts" are experts in the sense that the kid up the street is to your mom when it comes to power-button usage on her new dell. That is, not experts at all, but full of enough bullshiat and hand waving that the judge (who doesn't know much, if anything, about tech. or the subject at hand) believes what he or she says as gospel. Double bonus multiplier if the "expert" is on the RIAA/MPAA/etc's payroll. No, twitter is run by a bunch of geeks that have seen countless companies like youtube get bought out for hundreds of millions, or in the case of youtube, ~$1.6 billion , and are hoping to cash in the same way. They're trying to let somebody else come up with a way of monetizing it, and probably hoping for google. It is considerably more than a handful http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Google http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Yahoo http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_acquisitions_by_Microso... I'll admit that I am very unhappy with my current job. Part of this is whining, I know, but just hear me out. One major, major, major problem with my job is that I work for a small company, and am the only person here that knows tech at all. This was really great for me at the beginning. I am very proficient in BSD and Linux, so everything (mailserver, file server, FTPs, VPN, firewall, etc.) was built on one the two. I've had the opportunity to work on some really fun projects. One of my favorites was building access points out of soekris boards and ubiquiti wireless cards (this was before ubiquiti started offering their own, vastly superior, vastly cheaper solutions). I'm also pretty proficient at python and perl. Because of this, I've had the opportunity to build some really fun in-house stuff that people have loved. I built us a contact management system on python, and I've built countless extraction tools (grrr...text files) on perl. Currently, I'm working on a content management system for our marketing department. This is all really fun and great, but remember how I said I'm the only person here? My typical day involves arriving here at 8:00 (or so, my commute is an hour long), then sitting in front of my monitors for about 9 hours, until 5:00 rolls around. During the day I CANNOT get anything done. I'll end up reading HN, or working on my own website. (errr..this is inaccurate. What I mean is that I don't get any of what I consider real work done. Just managing the little problems that the users have) Why is this? Well, a major part of it is the almost constant flow of interruptions from people who's computers are "broken" (I am "the I.T. guy" [a title that I despise], so every problem from a phone cord with a loose connection to a user that has pressed the insert button on their keyboard and now how a "broken email" gets handled by me). I'm sure that every coder here can relate to the frustration of getting halfway into a problem, then being rattled out of it by something like somebody not being able to figure out a numlock key and why, after they press it, their "numbers don't work". The overwhelming majority of code I have written has been done from the comfort of a barstool sitting at a local bar that I like. For some reason, I can get more work done there, or sitting in my backyard in a camping chair in my pajamas playing fetch with my dog, than I could ever even DREAM of getting done while actually sitting where I am now, at my desk. But that is just one part. Another part is that I am the the only person here who has even a basic understanding of computer systems. Remember the wireless network that I mentioned earlier? Here is how it works. It lives on a physically separate switch from the rest of the network. On this network lives an openBSD machine running openVPN. If a client on the wireless network wants to connect to anything on the "other side" of the openBSD machine (which has three interfaces, one of them on the private lan, another on the wireless lan, and another virtual interface that is a VPN tunnel between the two) it has to authenticate with openVPN. Pretty cool, huh? (maybe not, but I think so). Nobody here understands this. Is this narcissistic whining? OMG THEY DON'T APPRECIATE ME! Yes. Yes, it probably is, but it is difficult to get motivated to do anything when there is no payoff of "good job" from the boss. (judge if you would like). The only thing that gets noticed is that things aren't broken. Holy hell though, when they are... There was one time. One of our T1s went down (there are two, one of them for our private LAN, another for the internet lounge that we offer to our customers). My solution to this was to take an OpenBSD machine that I had sitting in my office, put it on both networks, and make it act like a gateway for our private lan so that we could route outbound traffic through it, and out the working T1. This wasn't a problem, but it took about an hour (at first I was going to try and do it without NAT, the problem was getting the router on the public LAN to route traffic destined for our private subnet back to my new gateway). Nearly the entire hour was spent in front of a terminal in our server room with my boss standing over my shoulder going "what are you doing? Why isn't this working yet? Blhack, we REALLY need this to work RIGHT NOW! I don't think this is going to work. We really need to think about another way to fix it, can't we just use the wireless (the public LAN has a wireless network available, I hope I do not have to explain why this would not work). Can't you just try it this way? (this person does not even have a basic understanding of routing, or what it is), have you tried rebooting it. Here, I'm going to reboot it. Just unplug it and let it sit for a while!" sigh I apologize for the stupid senseless whining here, guys, work can just suck sometimes when you're the only one here, ya know? Gets kinda lonely :( Thank the gods for HN. What are you talking about here? The mailserver is Postfix, the file server is samba, the FTP daemon is VsFTPd, imap is courier imap. Are you a microsoft rep or something? None of this stuff is even remotely "enthusiast". The Contact manager is just a web-frontend that I made for that sits on top of (and supplements) an existing system (as/400 green screens that they hate). I'm sorry, but this is kindof insulting. What do you mean "enthusiast DIY"? Everyone seems to be looking at this backwards... I thought that the prevailing view around here was that, when applying for a job, you are interviewing the company as much (and if you're talented, even more) than they are interviewing you. To me, if an employer asked me anything about my HN, or Slashdot, or reddit, or gibsonandlily, or facebook, or myspace, or whatever other silly social network I had signed up for in the past profile, it would be a "thank you for your time, but I'm not interested" response from me. I suspect that the type of employer that has issues with boundaries like facebook and myspace is also going to have issues with boundaries like "I am using the two weeks allowed per year of vacation to go to the lake with my family. I am not on call right now, do not get angry if I don't respond to your emails immediately". In other words, them even asking about your profile should be a major red flag. This is something I see frequently brought up; concerns for safety on cheaper airlines, that is. I can't speak for Europe, but in the United States, we have the FAA that pretty much dictates how safe the planes are. Flying a "discount" airline couldn't be any less safe than flying one of the majors because the FAA is dictating how they take care of the planes. OD = old drunk? Oh thanks.. Sorry, to the downvoters: I genuinely did not know what OD stood for (I usually see it used as a verb, not a noun) , sorry... This is all done at the threat of being replaced by a PHB's 16 year old "whiz-kid" nephew who "knows a lot about computers" and is "always playing with those things". Reading this honestly just made a huge smile come across my face, and a bit of a tear start coming into my eye. There might be hope. I saw my sliechost box go down for about 10 minutes. I'm really surprised that they haven't sent me an email yet, they're usually RIGHT on top of that... Anybody have any word on what happened? I'll see your "lease a car" and raise you "learn the auto market, buy a car, drive it for 3/4 months and sell it at a profit." Lots and lots of people do this for a living; they're called "wholesalers". You can pretty easily get a wholesale dealer license (go to your local DMV if you're in the United States). Once you have this, it will allow you access to dealer-only auto auctions, and the ability to sell more than 3-4 cars a year (I forget what the law is). Granted, this is a considerable amount of work, with a pretty high risk, but it can be really profitable if you know what you're doing. This mentality is frustrating. I used to argue with a close friend about this a lot... This is the difference between what I called "hippies" and "fascists" (this was a joke, I don't actually mean that the people I'm talking about are fascists or hippies). Both of these groups of people have the same fantasy. It is almost always something along the lines of "I want to wake up in the morning with absolutely nothing to do. I want to sit on the end of my dock in a cabin far away from anything and catch fish all day without having to worry about anything" or "I want to sail around the world". The hippie approach to this is almost always some derivative of "You can DO IT! Quit your job, get a cabin or boat or whatever, and just LIVE THAT LIFE!". This is ignoring what the actual goal is; not having to worry about anything. The fantasy is not having to think about paying rent, or electricity, or gas, or medical bills, or anything at all ever. The fantasy is having enough money that the only things you ever have to consider are things that you WANT to do, like fishing, or writing poetry. This is why the "fascists" take the approach of "I am going to work my ass off while I'm young, then retire on a boat". This approach ALSO has a major problem. Often times the "work my ass off" period results in the worker alienating themselves from everything that they love and are working towards spending time with; their friends, family, and loved ones. My advice? Invest in the lottery. Could you satisfy a nerds curiosity and explain what just happened here? I know several computer programmers that do this as a side job. Their analytical minds are well-suited to determining the value of cars. No offense to this guy, but the first argument that doesn't seem to make any sense is that you couldn't reproduce SO because it would take you 33 hours just to type the existing code back into an editor. It seems like a pretty arrogant assumption that the existing code is the simplest possible code that could be used to provide this functionality. Beyond that, he is ignoring the fact that...Stack Overflow is really not that obscure of an idea. There is posting questions and responses (or stories and comments); basically a blog which, by this point, is kindof trivial to put together. User icons and profiles? Seriously? Not to be a prick, but I implemented those on my own website in a matter of about an hour. From scratch...and I am not a developer. Okay, so...upvotes and downvotes and a frontpage that bubbles like reddit does? Mayyybe...how nice do we have to be to the database? select (upvotes/(now() - time_submitted)) as heat from questions order by heat desc limit 50; On a related note, he also mentions the scaling...so, what are our constraints here? What hardware are we using and how much do we get to use? Okay, then search. Seriously? This is also something that most geeks have written at some point and would have no problem dusting off. Granted, yeah, this guy is probably right. I don' think anybody is TOTALLY going to reproduce a verbatim copy of SO over the 4th of July weekend...but I don't think this guy (I am assuming he is the author of SO) should assume that he is th BEST, FASTEST dev in the world. Especially when he is talking about such a common problem; what is essentially a blog. The first couple of paragraphs where he said that it would be impossible to recreate SO in a weekend because of how long the current code was. This is making the assumption that the new code would be the same length. Am I the only one getting a 500? The important thing for geeks is to find a good peer-group. I know that, personally, if I didn't keep myself up intellectually, I would fall behind my group of friends, and wouldn't be able to keep up in conversations. This comic: http://gibsonandlily.com/comics/index.cgi?id=13 sums up what I mean (sortof). For me, I have tech. or politics, or science to keep myself occupied. That is what my group talks about. While group B is having a spirited debate about the one team of ball-throwers vs another team of ball-throwers, we might be having a debate about one group of politicians vs another. Its the same thing. For a technology standpoint, my friends and I all support one another. If I'm having a problem with a specific thing that one of my friends is particularily good at, I go to them to help me with it (there was a project recently where a friend was working on a REALLY large data set of climate information and was having trouble walking around in it. I, luckily, have a friend that works in the Computer Science department of a local Univ. specifically on these sorts of problems. She was the one that I asked to help us). Some people have friendships based on skills in basketball, I have friendships based on skills in technology. It is the same thing, my friends just have much less luck with the ladies :(. I think you're missing the spirit of this comment. They (he, I'm assuming) wasn't implying that athletes dont' work, what he was implying is that those that DO get lots and lots and lots and LOTS of recognition for it. If a geek accomplishes something extraordinary...nobody outside of his or her industry really cares beyond "is this going to help me get to espn.com faster?". Its sad, but it's true. It is cliche' because it is true. Could you please warn if you're going to link to a page that will launch a print dialog? I appreciate not having to click through pages, etc. a little warning would just be nice. I like that a lot of the community took the exact same stance that we continually whine about. Can't you just add feature XYZ to our website? Can't you just make the buttons cornflower blue? We (myself included) have become our own worst nightmare :( I am guilty of it too. I wrote a comment a while ago arguing that SO COULD probably be written in a few days. (btw: I don't like it. That was sarcasm.) I couldn't disagree with you any more. My usual (although probably totally unhealthy) habit of waking up and immediately (as in...within 20 seconds of opening my eyes) checking HN, gibsonandlily.com, reddit.com, and slashdot.com led me to this article. I read the entire thing from beginning to end (which is rare, for me), and thoroughly enjoyed the entire thing. In fact, as I was reading it, I kept remarking to myself how much I enjoyed the writing style. To each his own, I guess. It does frighten me a bit, though, that people make this complaint so much. What do people who can't be bothered to read a couple of pages worth of a story do when they are confronted by a book, magazine, or newspaper? (or a kindle). It sounds like he needs to lubricate his internet ports. But when you consider MySQL's web-centric history, its lack of transactional and foreign key support, and its relaxed attitude with regard to data integrity 2 things: 1 MySQL has had support for transactions since version 4. 2 Relaxed attitude towards data integrity Seriously? MySQL DOES have support for foreign keys. create table foo (blah, blah, blah) engine = innodb Sorry, I'm not trying to start an argument. That sentence just struck me as a bit inflammatory. On communication... I'm not so sure that programmers are bad communicators, as much as they just don't communicate in the same way those they're communicating with do. I know that I have absolutely NO problem whatsoever communicating abstract and/or complex technical concepts to and with my my peer group; I also have a hell of a time trying to figure out what some of my users are trying to tell me. I think too many people are quick to jump on the "Programmers (or just tech people in general) are JERKS! They're unhelpful and they always push back! They're arrogant!" While these traits might describe some programmers. They also describe some accountants, and some architects, and some mechanics, and some janitors, and some widget makers. It's frustrating sometimes that the burden falls on the programmer (or tech) to try and find a metaphor that the user understands, rather than the user trying to have a basic understanding of their computer. I'm currently working on a project that involves processing some really big datasets (okay, probably not that big for some people around here...but bear with me..). It starts as some text files with ~260 million rows of data. We're just in the beginning/test/planning phase, and this will eventually grow to >1 billion. People (non-tech) people in our group keep INSISTING that we use this database engine, or THIS hardware configuration (raid 0...which as already failed). They refuse to listen to those of us that know what we're doing. They insist that all of this data should live in one huge table (rather than our suggestion of either scaling it our horizontally, or using a directory tree and supplementing it with an index that lives in a database). Does this mean that we're bad communicators? I think not. I think that there is SOME burden to make sure that everyone understands everything that falls on us, but certainly not all of it. We need to be met halfway. The same goes for the ego. Do I have a huge ego? No, but I know for 100% certain that I'm more knowledgeable about these things than some of my colleagues. I also know that I am no expert on it. I'm open to suggestions, just not those that aren't based in any sort of basic understanding. Maybe bing is better, but the keyword there is "maybe". Even if it is, this is the same battle between blu ray and dvd. Similarly to DVD, google is good enough that the jump to blu ray/bing isn't really worth it to people (if the benefit is even visible to them). Sorry, microsoft, but I think google is going to win this round. I know that I'm probably wrong. Sergey Brin and Larry Page are neeeerdddssss , not business school kids that decided to make a web app. There is a good chance that they're doing this just because it's really really cool, and because they can. I imagine that if I ever had the sort of cash that they have, I would be doing the same thing that I do on the weekends NOW, but on a larger scale: geekery. Building a linux distro is geekery of the highest order. Good for them. Google makes billions and billions of dollars from their other projects. This is one that they can figure out later. :). (or I can figure it out for them now: adsense, lots of it.) I understand that google is a publicly traded company; they have shareholders to answer to, but I imagine that all they have to do is point at their earnings and go "trust us, guys...trust us". If anything, this will drive more traffic to their moneymakers. I think my delivery here might have been a bit..bad. I'm not talking about specialists giving abstract data to non-specialists. I'm talking about users that refuse to learn how to use outlook because they can just ask somebody else. This mentality of "I don't want to learn" usually leads to the belief that the person doing it for you is bad at communicating. If you highlight this, it pretty much reveals what the password is. I know that isn't what you're talking about, but it is close. I know that I couldn't read this even when I knew what I was typing until I highlighted it. I have seen exactly two people with them in "real life" (not a rental). The company I work for had a contest for our customers where we gave one away. I got to ride it around at work a bunch (I was the only one that could successfully ride it without risking a broken bone). The guy we gave it to drove it into his pool. Oops. The other one belonged to a lady that used to live near me in Scottsdale, AZ. I know this because I almost hit her with my jeep one morning. I was pulling out of a parking lot, and she was coming the wrong direction down the sidewalk, moving MUCH faster than anything on the sidewalk should, and generally acting careless. It has been pointed out already, but the segways don't really "fit" anywhere. They're too slow for the road, they're too fast for the sidewalk, and they're too big for the bike lanes. They're well suited for malls and airports, but I can't really imagine myself using them anywhere else. How well does this scale? They sortof glossed over the ninjitsu that is being used to link the two "bumps" together. My guess is that (since internet access is required), it syncs a clock within the bump application to the bump server, then looks for phones that were "bumped" at the same time. I'm sure I'm wrong, and would love to hear of other ways that this is happening. If I'm not, how does this scale up to the millions or hundreds of millions of users that it would require to actually replace the business card (which is what it sounds like it wants to do). Even if it isn't at millions, how well does it function at events where lots and lots of people are "bumping" (clever name, I have already verbed it)? Finally...and this is what would--to me--kill it: the blackberry does not have an accelerometer. :( That was my guess as well...geolocation, I mean. A major problem, to me, would be that the GPS in your phone doesn't usually work so well when it is buried deep in a hotel conference center... I'm sure that the app devs thought of this stuff, I just like trying to mentally work through it myself as well... I remember being a teenager, and hearing a lot of rumors that made it sounds like some big time engineers were pretty serious LSD advocates. From what I was hearing, most of the top scientists and engineers in the world had either used LSD, or were still actively using it. How common is that? Was this all just a bunch of BS? I know there are some really really fantastic coders that hang out here, do any of you guys actively use psychadelic drugs? As somebody that tries to stay away from any sort of drug (except alcohol. I have a weak spot for beer) as much as possible (including over-the-counter things etc.), has using these things benefited you in any way? The way that I have heard LSD etc. users describe its affects, it sounds like it would be anything BUT beneficial. ouuuuchhh. That sounds prohibitively expensive for things like news.yc (does this site produce money at all?), or my blog, or fark, or any other site that isn't backed by some sort of multi-million-dollar corp. and generating a couple million uniques a day (or more). My prediction is that, especially at that cost, this will fail MISERABLY. .com will still remain the brand-name, and anything else will be a generic. Similar to .net, .biz, .tv, .anything other than .com What really needs to happen is for icann to have a review board that can determine if cyber-squatting is taking place or not. The board needs to exist because a 16 year old sitting on theirname.com because they haven't bought hosting or anything yet, and a company that is sitting on a few hundred THOUSAND domains hoping to sell them are drastically different. I am perfectly fine with the former, and believe that the latter is a cancer on the DNS. Basically their needs to be a terms of use that prohibits cyber-squatting. These sorts of arguments really make me facepalm. Listen, Bruce, they don't literally mean that their OS will be completely and 100% totally impervious to any sort of malware or virus attack of any kind ever to exist ever in the future ever ever ever to infinity times infinity. They mean that their OS will be considerably more resistant to any sort of reasonable malware attack in the foreseeable future, and they're 100% correct. Windows, even just because of its target market, will be the low hanging fruit for as long as I think anybody can foresee. Simply because of this, linux and bsd-kernel based operating systems that are using proper user isolation (meaning not running as the freaking root account by default) are going to be more secure than windows. Linux has had a pretty long history of delivering on that claim...microsoft has not. have you added this to your hosts file? pinging news.yc doesn't resolve to anything on my openbsd, gentoo linux, or windows xp boxes. I imagine that it won't on the default install (and using (normal DNS) of most any computer. No, education is most certainly NOT the silver bullet for this (at least not our current system). There are too many kids in school, racking up absurd amounts of debt for worthless degrees right now . A backelor's degree is more-or-less worthless right now because it is so common. Currently, you'll need at least a masters degree if you want to get noticed, possibly even a PhD. The idea of "lets churn more people through this ridiculous system! That will fix the problem! The numbers won't lie! 4 years chained to a desk will fix the problem!" No. Please not more educations. "Sentimental Nonsense" is one of the most fun aspects of humanity. I fear a day (it will happen) when we walk around like the emotionless idiots found inhabiting the minds and stories of authors like Aldous Huxley. So to answer your question of "Who Cares": I do, deeply. I'm talking about Huxley's most famous work, Brave New World. I sounds like you haven't read it. I really suggest that you do, it is a fantastic, albeit frighteningly accurate (seriously drug companies, soma? you named your anti-anxiety medication SOMA!?!?), peak into the future. The drug does almost exactly the same thing as the one in the book. I cannot imagine that this was done just out of pure, random chance. My guess is that they either play nice with the publishing companies, or not at all. Believe me, amazon hates this as much as you do. They had to credit a bunch of people's accounts for the books. Amazon is a company. One that spends money. The publisher is not the ONLY person that is seeing a taste of the $9.99. They're out the money they had to give to sprint (is it sprint that provides the connectivity? somebody correct me if I'm wrong), and every other cost that was covered by the money you spent on the book. This was a horrible horrible move for all parties involved. Does anybody know if amazon actively checks the books put on your kindle via their email service? There are a number of books that I own in dead-tree format (some of them, multiple copies in dead-tree format) that they don't offer in the kindle store. This sort of move really scares me; I have been contemplating moving some of them to the kindle (I have the books in .txt format). It isn't amazon, it is the publishers. Somebody commented on my blog about this the other day, and nailed it pretty well: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/comments/4043/ It is most definitely not illegal. When you "purchase a book" from the kindle store, all you are actually purchasing is a license to view the book that is bound by amazon's terms of use. This is something that really irks me about people when they talk about diets. It takes a species more than 100 odd years or so to get rid of that "eat whatever the frak you can and store as much of it as you can because there is a good chance that you're not going to find much other than grass for a WHILE". Your body is NOT going to just "discard" (poop out) "un-needed" calories. The other thing that bothers me is people talking about "starvation mode". That just sounds like a buzzword (because it is). If you stop eating, you're going to start getting tired. THIS is the mythical "starvation mode". If you tell your body to just fuck off, and go jogging or whatever anyway (omg free will!) you are going to lose weight really really quickly. A good friend of mine is working on his masters in GIS right now. I was talking to him about climate models the other day (he works with climatologists) and he said something along the lines of "fucking climatologists, dude. Tell me what the temperature is going to be tomorrow, or in a week, THEN we'll work on what it is going to be is 40 years". I'm not saying that he is right or wrong, but I do really feel (feelings != science, I know) that if they (the climatologists) could give us some more accurate predictions of what they weather is going to be next month, I would have less trouble listening to them when they try to tell me what it is going to be in 30 years. I hate these sorts of things so much. "I'm sorry, your browser isn't supported" What? Chrome isn't supported? Were you people drunk when you wrote this? Howabout a message that says "the browser you are using has not been extensively tested, please use at your own risk.". Update to the latest version of SSH. This doesn't effect the latest version (last I heard). Wow...that is an update. The "ssh 0-day" from a week ago or so was only version I just moved ssh daemons that face the internet to non-standard ports. I suggest everybody does the same to prevent dragnetting (just to be safe). Don't even the most simplistic bots perform port scans to discover your services anyway? err...sortof. They're just looking at port numbers and cross referencing that to services that are known to live on those ports. Changing the port that SSH listens on isn't going to stop somebody from performing this exploit against one of your machines, it IS going to prevent you from getting auto-rooted by a bot that goes around looking for machines that ack on port 22. Think of it like a hidden door, but on the front of your house. To the casual observer driving through the neighborhood, they won't see it. To somebody actively trying to find a way into your house...you're going to need more. Money is a unit of work. It is an almost universally accepted abstraction of the "worth" of somebody's time. You could replace "dollars" with "bananas" if you wanted to, it is irrelevant. You know...reading this headline, I'm not sure that I even know of any consumer-level PCs that cost over $1000 (obviously servers, CAD/3d Modeling workstations)... I'm typing this from my acer aspire one right now and, honestly, this is more computer than I even need... I will admit that I am a bit odd, the only thing I really use my computer for is an SSH/HTTP client; certainly my usage habits are different than somebody like my mother.. But then there's my mother...I bought her one of these a few months ago, and she LOVES it. Her desktop machine (which she uses for running quicken or something like that) took a shit a few weeks ago, and her motivation to have me fix it is about 0. Her aspire is more computer than she really needs (except for, maybe, the screen. The resolution leaves a bit to be desired). So who IS buying computers that cost over a grand? Well, there are gamers...people who are most certainly not going to buy buying a mac (despite a lot of games being available on OSX, it still isn't up to speed with windows). They might spend over $1000 (I am not a gamer, so I don't really know what is required for gaming these days. If it can run tuxracer and armagetron then I'm content). Buuut....most of the gamers that I know buy their computers from newegg and put them together themselves. Even the desktops that I buy for my users at work only cost under $1k and that is with dell's "holy shit" service plan. Apple, you're dominating the over >$1000 market because you're the only one IN it. This claim would be akin to the coffee shop that I am sitting at claiming that they have 90% of the coffee market in Cross Lake, MN. They're the only coffee shop here. As seen here: http://www.gibsonandlily.com/blogs/72 I have heard countless rumors like this one; about apple developing a tablet. The question becomes "why?". I think that very few people would try to make the argument that the iPhone has NOT been a phenomenal success. Lets look at why... The iPhone is a computer. A pretty one, that can run lots of shiny, pretty apps covered in gradients. When people see it, they are immediately aware of how hip the person wielding it is. Apple took everything great about their desktop computers (pretty, fashionable, stable, simple) and condensed them all into a small, even more fashionable, even more convenient, simple package called an iBook. Coffee shop dwellers wielding an iBook could let their fellow caffeine-solution enjoyers just how hip they were, just how PRODUCTIVE they were with their wonderful macbooks. Then came the iPhone. Apple took all the wonderful things about their desktops (stability, simplicity, etc.) plus all the wonderful things about their notebooks (simple, fashionable) and combined them into a wonderful even MORE portable packaged called an iPhone. This iPhone could be carried in its owner's pocket. The look-at-me oppurtunities were endless. People could admire the superior technical prowess (complete with white apple logo displayed in stark contrast the black case on the back of the thing) of iPhone users on the train, or on the bus, or on the sidewalk, or in a coffee shop, or the office, or in the kitchen, at a restaurant...ANYWHERE! A tablet, however...what does this supposedly offer that the iPhone doesn't? It isn't as mobile, meaning less oppurtunites for look-at-me, it would likely run Mac OSX or some derivative of it.. meaning a hefty tax to the apple gods...it would undoubtedly be covered in ultra-high-gloss plastic, meaning that any hopes of replacing something like a panasonic toughbook would be seriously mis-guided. The only market that apple has not yet tried to dominate, and that it is in any sort of position to even enter, is netbooks. They had a sort-of false-start called the MacBook Air, something that I think everybody would agree is an example of just how much of a failure apple can produce. The next itteration of the iPhone is, most certainly, a netbook. The question is whether or not apple is willing to forfeit its position as a luxury item in exchange for increased penetration. A sub-300-dollar netbook is something that is likely NOT in apple's future. Apple has got something really great going for them right now. People WANT an apple. Macs are seen as something that is, in some way, better than their windows-based counterparts. Even Microsoft seems to be willing to admit this in their latest ads. In conclusion, apple will NOT be creating a tablet; it simply does not follow with the current trend of their products. If anything, they will produce a $500 netbook that is still seen as "better" than its competitors. If this happens, I predict low market penetration and ultimate failure. something that I tore my hair out over when building my website (gibsonandlily.com) was how to handle input santizing for mysql. I wrote some functions for it in python (and I'm sure that they don't work very well. Yes, I'm sure some of you could destroy my website...it is a hobby, please don't). I later found out (and I'm in the process of replacing code) that you can have mysqldb handle it for you like this: cursor.execute("insert into links(url,description) values(%s,%s)", (url,desciption)) where url and description (the second ones) are variable holding the values you want to insert. this was different than the way that I was doing it before, which was: insert_query = "insert into links(url,description) values('%s','%s')" % (url,description) cursor.execute(insert_query) I'm sure this sounds completely stupid to some of you who make your living writing web apps...but I thought it was really cool :). Yes. It has gotten even easier to do now... If you need to have something be permanently "shredded", you should consider a "high security" shredder. That is, one that not only shreds vertically, but horizontally as well. After that is finished, but the little pieces into water and turn it into mash. The other option is using acid, or.... not writing things down that will get you put in prison. Seeing snarky comments like this voted up to near the top of the page really illustrates the decline that HN has seen over the past week or so... I wish that there was a way for HN to meta-moderate. That is, give specific moderators a heavier influence over things (and new users almost none at all). I think his would help curtail the reddit culture migrating onto HN. It is typically not feasible to burn a large amount of paper inside of an office without anyone noticing. You could turn the paper into mash in an office. You could not do the same by burning it. I'm not exactly sure what you're trying to address here... This is a three word comment with absolutely no substance at all, poking fun at the headline. It adds absolutely nothing to the discussion about the iphone, and isn't really appropriate for HN. About a week and a half ago, this comment would almost immediately be moved to the bottom of the page, and made nearly invisible. A class action law suit has been brought against Amazon. This means that they have been "sued". what are they going to call their whois service? nslookup? I think they're probably more concerned with bringing it back up at the moment than they are with informing people about what is going on. (I understand that there are more than just engineers working there, but I can understand a PHB screaming at somebody to stop jacking around on twitter during a crisis). Either that or they hoped that they could rectify the problem before anybody noticed. FTA: The DMCA says, “no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title.” Not to be a pedant here, but obviously the protection wasn't every effective. What is to stop me saying something like: "THIS POST IS ENCRYPTED WITH ROT26 ENCRYPTION" then suing the pants off of all of you for circumventing my protection? Yeah, that is a stupid example, but things have gotten WAY out of control here. Not to be the bearer of bad news here, guys, but I very much doubt that this is going to do much to slow apple down. Their core user base for the iPhone seems to be not geeks, but teenage girls. Even if it WAS just geeks, we make up a minuscule percentage of the population. Chances are that if I told one of my sisters, or my mother (who all have iPhones) about this, they would roll their eyes a bit, add an entry or two to the "brother is a conspiracy nut" column, and point me to the latest "omg cute!" app that they downloaded. The iPhone and the appstore are not going anywhere. If developers like us stop building things for it, people who value cash more than they value principles will take our place. As much as it sucks, this is the world that we live in. During the initial phases of adoption, yes, you are absolutely correct. Geeks provide a sort of "buffer" for the rest of the public; we test things and report on what is the best. The iPhone has reached a point where it isn't going to matter what we say anymore. Look at windows, how long have we all been screaming from the rooftops that it is garbage? How much affect has it had? Some, maybe, sure...but people look at their computers, realize that they can more-or-less get what they need done done, and then they forget about it and go on with their lives. People are NOT going to give up the iPhone on some silly ideological ground. Yes, this pisses me off, no I won't be buying an iPhone, yes apple is moving further and further away from something that I want, but NONE of this matters to my mom. Writing documentation is NOT fun. Writing really cool code is... What you're asking is that people turn projects that are "fun" into projects that are "work" and still do it for free? Really? Because I'm perfectly content using software that works, works really well (better than the costly alternative in some cases), and is 100% free. I'm totally fine with having to find some of the devs on IRC or a mailing list instead of having to look through some docs. Yeah, documentation is really nice, but suggsting that we stop using projects that have poor documentation is a bit silly.