It's a step forward for RepRap...but to be cruel, this is like your disabled child learning to use a spoon at age 6. I love the project a lot; I was friends with one of the founders ~15 years ago, until we got separated by geography. He had an amazing hack/DIY ethic then, and clearly still does - I'm very impressed with what he's achieved. But as you can see from the RepRap homepage, funding comes from donations, t-shirts and kit sales. Ideologically pure DIY is laudable but we've all seen software projects that were a triumph of individual achievement and a true labor of love, but where v1.0 finally landed with an interface that was >5 years out of date. The problem at bottom is that RepRap can't do things on a very fine scale, and you can't build a new RepRap from an existing one - you can make bits, but not the motors or the extruder, which are exactly the (relatively) expensive and hard-to-source parts in shortest supply in places like Africa. Given the increasing quality and affordability of commercial RP and 3d printing machines, it might make a lot more sense to raise a few hundred k or a few million in capital, buy the good commercial stuff, and skip several generations, just as the OLPC was (presumably) designed on the most up-to-date computers available, rather than being bootstrapped on 8086 machines for reasons of ideological purity. Reprap is a great venture, but it's never going to get there by itself, and the founders are never going to dirty themselves asking for a big check in exchange for any kind of commercial license. It's held back by it's 'techno-Amish' origins. Or in short, their lack of interest in scaling up limits the hardware's ability to scale down. I talk too much. I am now :-) and I think their emphasis on low cost and general utility (as opposed to self-reproducibility) will net them more users and $. I've also been following the Desktop Factory, who promise 3 desktop printing for $5k: http://www.desktopfactory.com/ Still vaporware commercially speaking, but ti doesn't hurt that they look a Real Company. I hope I don't sound too down on the RepRap or on you for posting it. I've got a classic case of the 'introverted total DIY = unfinished project' myself. Right back to the days of MS-DOS, every other OS version from Redmond seemed to garner contempt, only for the complainers to be mollified by the version that came after (and claim credit a la 'finally Microsoft has listened to what people like me have been saying since the release of FU-DOS 4.0...'). Vista hasn't been a failure for MS, just not an obvious success. 'Failure' brings to mind things like OS/2. For >20 years now, I've just been in the habit of preferring the odd-numbered versions, and assuming that the even-numbered versions were meant as incubators for the next major shift (most recently, from 32 to 64 bit computing). At first I thought this was due to ham-handedness at MS, but nowadays I wonder if it isn't the actual strategy - the pattern has repeated so many times now, perhaps it's because it actually works for MS. Notice how aggressive advertising on Vista's behalf only began last year as W7 was going into beta. Thus, I predict that Windows 8 will require a minimum of 2 cores, 16gb of RAM and a 1gb Graphics card, leverage virtualization technology for application switching and be decried as a hugely inefficient and pointless attempt to recycle server solutions onto the desktop for no good reason. When Windows 9 emerges, there will be many headlines of the 'Microsoft desperately needs to recover from the disaster that was Windows 8...' variety. I'm not so sure about that. In California (and in several other places I've lived) the odds of winning are written out on the back of the ticket. Sure, a lot of people believe in not-systems like studying past numbers or drawing numbers from their dreams or casting spells; but deep down I think most people understand 'odds of winning = 1 in 57 million'. Lottery addicts certainly can't do math since they waste a lot of money on tickets. But a good many other people just buy one a week or just occasionally, eg when there's a particularly large jackpot on offer. This isn't so irrational; a regular player will make a few bucks back over the year on small prizes, and the risk/reward ratio improves for a big jackpot even though the odds don't. It's worth recalling that while the odds on any individual ticket are awful, enough people are playing that people do win big prizes on a semi-regular basis. For small-spend players who can afford it, and may think of it as semi-charitable given the uses to which lottery profits are put, is it really any more irrational than certain kinds of insurance? Easy. You already had that knowledge and just didn't apply it, for one reason or another. You know when something is cool in your chosen field(s). If you're a geek, that means when you first encountered a modem, IP, Linux or Google, depending on your age. As Pirsig - or rather, his muse - says in 'Zen & the art of motorcycle maintenance': Quality is what you like. Everyone has in-depth knowledge of something , even stupid people; so when the 'woah, cool ' reaction takes place it's just a matter of relating it back to your area of knowledge and the significance thereof (obviously, if your specialty is knitting, carbon-fiber knitting needles probably won't make the front page...but then, there are a lot of knitters out there....what do I know?). You can, and do, sense the potential easily. It's the 10% inspiration. The reason most people, myself included, don't capitalize on things like this is because they are unable or unwilling to commit the money or time. Kinda like romance, you know pretty fast whether you'd like to sleep with someone, but committing to seeing them daily requires a decision, and many of us are nervous of risking the money or time involved; indeed, nervous in proportion to our ability to be carried away on a wave on enthusiasm. In this case, I recommend setting a limit of time and/or money to invest, and a cutoff date by which you'll give up if it turns out to suck. Yes, amateur programmers will soon run up against the limits of their knowledge; a few will go pro, others will give up. But the most important outcome will be from non-programmers and non-designers coming up with paradigm-busting ideas, which will look like crap at first but turn out to be important later. It's a perennial issue, but not a very important one. Fears that 'I'll be left behind if I don't take xxxxx because everyone else is' are overblown, and balanced by fears of 'I'm only productive because I take cocaine, maybe I actually suck' or whatever. I've always liked recreational drugs, and a little boost at a critical moment can enhance work; but since one's body quickly develops a tolerance it's not compatible with any long-term work consumption (as many have found to their cost). Many (most?) articles about drugs posit some kind of linear relationship between the input and output, whereas the reality is nonlinear dynamic system with a complex feedback loop. Thus, I love a big mug of coffee every morning, but it's not so much that it makes me super-productive as I get a bit slow and crabby on the days when I skip my coffee. It doesn't give me any edge over a non-coffee drinker. On the other hand I don't get a caffeine hangover or crash, which would be a risk with a more potent drug if I took it regularly. Anyway...the article assumes there's only one kind of enhancement. A good scientist or engineer is just as likely to have a brekthrough idea while decompressing on the weekend with a beer or a fattie, as when sitting at their work station. Same reason many people get their best ideas while walking, soaking in the tub, or whatever. A foolish article - why the graphic about browser wars, when the real comparison is between Office Enterprise and things like Google Docs (who will surely be competing against Oracle + Sun now)? Yes, the OS is less relevant now as many users don't need more computing power than a netbook + SAS can provide, but it still matters. High-powered consoles won't kill PC games, I doubt I'll be editing HD video over the net any time soon (although I wouldn't object), and no large corporation or medium is going to outsource its operations to some third-party provider of cloud services. Just because something is commoditized doesn't make it irrelevant. Cars are functionally identical for 90% of drivers but people still have preferences there. There are similar devices and ideas, aggregated here: http://www.patentstorm.us/patents/6670894.html Personally, I don't see much hope for something that requires you to maintain a mental picture of a qwerty keyboard while you type. I do about 85 wpm with 10 fingers but when I try to type on the surface of my desk I just get lost, even looking right at my keyboard 3 inches away from my fingers. Bosh. the cost of the settlement was relatively paltry. Microsoft could throw a budget of 10 times the amount at it if Bill Gates woke up with a bee in his bonnet tomorrow. sounds like Freud's temporary conviction that cocaine was the key to liberating man from his natural limitations. What goes around comes around...I guess writers like these articles, because we're always on the cusp a social change, and there will always be new people trying drugs for the first time and getting some positive benefits. tl;dr; 'intellectuals get high like everyone else - film at 11'. I wish PG Wodehouse's estate would put this lame trdemark out of its misery. Ask.com has no discernible reason to go on living: I predict they'll get asset stripped when the economy turns, assuming their server hardware is worth selling off. Let's perform a little experiment... Search the web for 'why is ask better than google' » Result #1 Is Ask.com Better Than Google? Like you, I've been watching what looks to be a very powerful campaign by Ask.com quoting a bunch of folks I know as saying that its search engine is better than Google's. I'm a big Google user and have developed a set of skills that allows... http://www.technewsworld.com/story/commentary/53184.htm.. . Result #2 Why is google better than ask jeeves? From: Recommended Search Engines UC Berkeley - Teaching Library Internet Workshops Google alone not always sufficient, however. Less than half the searchable Web is fully searchable in Google. Overlap studies show that more than 80% of the ... http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080311053.. . Result #3...oh wait, that's it. Hmmm. That would be interesting, for sure. I like some of the design tools found in ps3 games - and yet again, I wonder why game consoles aren't made more expandable. I'm sure it would transcode video faster than my PC, though I've been disappointed at the scanty amount of code produced for Linux on PS3. I thought there'd be a much more robust hobby scene around it by now, but Sony's decision to wall off the GPU alienated a lot of people. I have to admit that articles like the above make me feel somewhat better about my failure to accumulate any significant financial assets over the last 20 years. Not having enough salted away is somewhat worrying, but if I'd watched it evaporate I'd be going long on assault rifles right now. I say no. even the intense technophobia of man like the Unabomber indirectly generated a level of economic activity that would have astonished people of a pre-technological society, and when he issued his manifesto the Internet was using training wheels compared to today. I don't have direct experience, but on the purely practical level: a. you could do worse than learn to use sketchup. I can't tell from your description how complex or mechanical your 'thing' is. If it's beyond your capabilities, advertise for someone to do it, but have them sign a 'work for hire' agreement which includes a rigid confidentiality clause. b. it's hard to say because I can't tell whether it's a widget (handy-shaped thing) or a gadget (handy single-function machine). If the former, look into Rapid prototyping and/or 3d printing. If the latter, research similar products, find out what class they are described as, then investigate manufacturers in China.* * Who will probably ignore your confidentiality clause, foolish roundeye. I'm sorry this is so hand-waving, but I honestly don't know whether you're making a plastic resistor drawer or a self-regulating soldering iron. It might be worth advertising for an electronic engineer to do some consulting, executing the above-mentioned work-for-hire agreement, and asking them to evaluate the functionality of your prototype. Best of luck. It sounds like great fun until your rapid transit pod plunges into a bath of superheated magma. Vomitous fellow passengers would not be my primary anxiety about this mode of travel. I have chronic case of ADHD (medically diagnosed) although I am not currently taking any drugs for it. Good habits help as do good tools (Gmail has literally lowered my blood pressure), but the most important aids are an understanding but challenging partner and/or employer. I don't think of it as a disorder but as a condition, neither good nor bad; I'm lucky enough to have a high IQ that allows me to exploit the upside and try not to use the downsides as an excuse for inactivity. Good second link. I have nothing bad to say about Dr. Hoffman's 'problem child'. Excellent points - wish I could vote it up twice. Ultimately there is an economy of trust, and most people are poor economists. I share your regard for Gracian, despite being lamentably bad at such calculus. The best advice I ever received is to associate with successful people (however you define success) and be helpful when given the opportunity. Owning your failures is always more satisfying than trying to assign them to someone else; sharing credit for your success is always more attractive than trying to hoard it. This kind of wealth is independent of your bank balance. apparently those where nicotine consumption is socially acceptable are winning Nicotine consumption is at least as acceptable in poor or slowly developing countries as in well-developed ones. Lots of people smoke in Egypt, Greece, and France, but none of those countries is a trailblazing economy. France has many virtues, but is arguably excessively paternalistic. Sure, you do have a point. I just had a cigarette, so I am in no position to argue :-) That said, at 38 I'm painfully aware of the deleterious effects of smoking for the last 2 decades and unable to be flippant about this. On a broader level, it's worth considering that something like 40-50% of tobacco sales in the US are made to mentally ill people, who find chemical relief therein, but aren't necessarily better off from doing so. One might, with equal or greater historical basis, argue for the success of tea-drinking societies. Or marijuana. The bottom line is that the most productive people in society will find ways to leverage productivity out of drugs as much as anything else, while the least productive will substitute the feeling for the practice. Twitter seems to me to have much more in common with IRC than Facebook or Myspace; the primary difference is the persistence of identity across the system. Sorry, I meant in social terms, rather than the technical or business model. The way I see people using Twitter reminds me of the social dynamics on IRC, just on a much larger scale. Well, I do feel it's a bad thing. Cigarettes are so far down the scale of drug delivery methods that I feel we have an obligation to do better. Surely something similar to an asthma inhaler that delivered a hit of nicotine or similar would not be too expensive to develop, and could provide mental relief without the same physical costs. Obviously, I have a chip on my shoulder about these issues; you're not wrong, I'd just like see a better ange of therapeutic options. Fonts are very different from stock images. They provide texture, not content: nobody goes to a web page to read 'Lorem Ipsum' written in an attractive font. I'd say a font is similar to the film stock on which a photo is shot. There are lots of cool and distinctive film stocks out there...but Kodak doesn't collect any royalties on the tasty silver halide look of an Ansel Adams photo. There are a lot of things you could do with it besides games. Math, other kinds of data visualization, and so on. even on games, not all games re performance oriented; 2nd Life looks stupid but a lot of people like it. I wouldn't be surprised to see Google's failed attempt to copy it revived soon. Interesting. It seems to have got stalled in the gray area between the right to sell cigarettes as a commodity and the argument to have tobacco regulated by the FDA: http://articles.latimes.com/2005/oct/30/business/fi-chrysali... If only more people would reply inline! It's the one huge downside of graphic email, most people never acquired the habit of line quote/answer. I find it incredibly rude to get a 200k email where I have to keep scrolling up and down to older stuff to see what's being referred to, when inline quoting would be so much more efficient. the worst demographic are older (>35) users who came to email late. Younger people are more succinct and early adopters of email are still efficient. Oh well, get off my lawn. This is interesting to me since he's my mayor. Of course both in Ca in general and SF in particular, the main candidates have been known for months, the announcement i just a formality. It's notable how strong a statement the selection of Twitter makes, though. Marshall McLuhan rides again! Um, around town? I don't know if this would cope with the hills of San Francisco, but the reason I don't own a car is that I rarely go past the city limit. Of course this is useless if you live in the country or some sleeper town where you face a long commute to work. Fine, it's not aimed at those markets, any more than city dwellers are the prime market for full-size pickup trucks. Sheesh - they even call it a ' neighborhood electric vehicle'. I do think the graphic design of the thing is sheer genius. If the price is right and things are sufficiently maneuverable, then great. Not so smart, however, was choosing the same name as a poorly-perceived grocery delivery service: http://www.peapod.com/ It's not worth $39, certainly not $49. I haven't even used it, just looked at your web page: but I have a strong professional background in this area, so I know what it does. There are many shareware programs which do this, and others are free: this goes double for plugins, and there's a better than-even chance that a musician who likes computers already has some kind of multitrack software which accomodates plugins. They likely also have a hardware audio interface with a special low-impedance input for plugging in a guitar and got equivalent software for free. So that's black mark #1 - you're not offering much new functionality. Black mark #2 is your interface. It is beautifully clean, I applaud that. However, while an audio waveform is wonderful for engineers, it's not so much for musicians. It might be better to generate a low-resolution spectral display, by applying (say) a 256-band FFT which won't cause any computer to break a sweat but would give a more musically meaningful presentation, and set you apart from the competition. As you have already implemented pitch-independent time stretching, you probably know how to do this. Personally, I would not waste so much space on the album art either, but that's me. I'd like to see you add some more features, which wouldn't break your interface. While decomposing a a piece of music into polyphonic pitch information is hard (see http://www.celemony.com/cms/index.php?id=635 for the technology leader), deriving the 8key* of the music from a relatively coarse FFT analysis is not so difficult. Having the key signature, and indeed the bpm, appear on the left side or over blocks in the audio display should be easily achievable and would add a lot of value. Another thing you could do is offer a button to extract or remove the top (usually vocal) melody line. This is easy: take a stereo file, invert one channel, and add it to the other. this will give you a (mono) karaoke track, since the vocals are almost always panned to the center. You'll lose the kick drums and bass too, but you could limit to the bandwidth of the human voice. Invert and add the karaoke channel to both sides of the stereo waveform, and you'll get only the center, allowing the musician to either copy or accompany the lead vocal and not much else. There's nothing more complex than a multiply-add operation going on here ((waveform.position.leftchannel.samplevalue * -1) + waveform.position.rightchannel.samplevalue ...etc.) so you should be able to do this in realtime with virtually no performance hit. Finally, consider taking the live stream of input from the microphone input (eg the guitar), FFting it, and doing a loose correlation with the FFT of the playing track to derive a little 'accuracy' meter. Of course there will be much more audio information in the track unless it's also an acoustic guitar solo, but the frequency response of the live input should be a subset of this as long as the musician is playing in time. When they start to drag or lead the backing track, the energy of individual frequency bins will exceed those of the backing track. Sorry for being so harsh, but I do think you're asking too much for something that most people will perceive as little more than a 'hello world' audio program. If I were you I would protoype the functionality in reaktor or some other visual-programming tool, add some more useful and unusual modes of display or operation as above, and then bring that back to your clean interface. Capo is selling to a market that includes folks who (and I'm included) would easily throw an extra $100 into a guitar because it has a nice rosewood back & sides versus mahogany. Yes...but the guitar will be seen/heard on stage. People will generally spend a lot more on their t-shirt than on their underpants or socks. Nobody with an interest in musical performance wants to advertise the tedium or difficulties of musical practice, so because that part isn't glamorous. So don't base your price point on appealing to the musician's ego about investing in themselves. Motorola used to do devkits for their 56k series that featured USB or RS232 connections to a box containing the DSP and a pair of audio i/o jacks with average DACs. This plus a front-end DSP environment like http://synthmaker.co.uk/ would sell like hot cakes. Update to this now please: http://www.ece.ucdavis.edu/vcl/asap/asap_demo_boards.html Agreed, a lot depends on the price. However, you can't take a 50cc scooter on the freeway. If the price/TCO is right, I could see these selling as fleet vehicles for, say, mail delivery. Those little 'smart cars' from Mercedes and others seem to be doing OK. I don't own a car, so to me a car fit for a road trip and a little runaround-town vehicle are two completely different products. I'd rather own the latter and rent the former once or twice a year. edit: the proposed $20k isn't a winner, though. I think this kind of vehicle needs to be shooting for $5-7,500. Well, you're right to feel proud. It's a fine and refreshingly hype-light product. The only change I'd like to see is a simple application included that takes a common 3d file format (blender, pov or something) and spits out a rendered bitmap. Instead of waiting for developers to add Caustic support to their 3d apps over the summer, this would allow a 3d artist to start saving time tomorrow, even knowing that that it wasn't optimized. The little app displayed in the video demo would be more than sufficient, it just doesn't seem from the website like it comes with any ready-to-use tools for the non-programmer. Nokia says they're not aware of any software vulnerability, and I believe them. But if some essential information is transmitted in clear and can be read out or blocked via a small hack to the phone's PCB, then it would be a hardware vulnerability, no? People like hard-modding old digital synthesizers, and a phone is just another kind of DSP device. You're going to have hard time cruising at 100 mph if everyone around you is doing 50. And to stick with the road metaphor, while you could go find some isolated piece of highway and scream down it at maximum speed, you won't necessarily find many people interested in following you (or in academic terms, appreciating your result). Perhaps having a high IQ slows down some kinds of learning because the holder tends to discount advice that is not presented in an intellectually compelling fashion. Telling a high-IQ child to behave a certain way 'because I said so' isn't terribly convincing. Even though the advice itself may be valuable, an inability to articulate why will hinder its delivery. Or the old question, if you're so smart, how come you ain't rich? Smarts often don't correlate with savvy (or IQ != EQ or however you want to express it). I'd happily trade some of the former for more of the latter. For reason and other, I've never been able to exploit my IQ to the extent that I'd like. From an evolutionary POV, the number of past sexual partners is the number of women who 'voted' you to have mating potential. Women grant more weight to other women's evaluation of you than they do to what you think about yourself. 'Strue. I do get frustrated with the registry model, although I've gotten good at dealing with it. On the other hand, custom GUIs help to improve Linux penetration, since many people are intimidated the command line or configuration file editing. I like Win and Linux, Mac seems to me to combine the worst of both. Sure, it's personal. Application compatibility matters, Linux lags badly on video & audio editing tools. When I first ran Linux around 1993, what really annoyed me were Emacs & vi. Sure, they're powerful, but extremely alienating to new users. DOS had Edit, or Windows 3 had Notepad. Ubuntu and like distros succeed because most people just want to drive without learning how to be a mechanic. Linux's biggest problem is people's perception that there's no 'standard' distribution and that they're going to have do an awful lot of icky maintenance. That's who all those 'Hi! I'm a Mac' commercials are aimed at, I guess. Those who are suffering in ignorance are not power-users-in-waiting. There is no such thing as 'sound money'. Being on a gold standard is not a panacea: you're just exchanging one kind of debt marker for another. The US was on the gold standard in 1929 and other countries were on it much later. Booms and busts will still occur. As soon as you move away from a barter system and give up trading bullets for beans, then whatever you substitute, whether it's gold, greenbacks, or cowrie shells, is someone's obligation to pay - with a bank or government treasury acting as their proxy. The Dutch Tulip mania in the 17th century is a case in point. No matter how treasury power is configured, it will be open to abuse. This is not to dispute your valid points about moral hazard. However, the 'sound money' meme is nothing more than a fetish which appeals to people who have trouble dealing with the abstractions of economics. In the simplest possible therms: gold is only valuable because a lot of people believe it to be so. Blaming the Fed for everything is a rabbit-hole down which intelligent analysis goes to die. Countries with an independent central back are almost always more stable than those where the government has direct control of the money supply. Today's outstanding example of that is Zimbabwe. And so, AngelFire had finally triumphed... Is it me, or do all portal-type services seem to go through the same curve, since CompuServe to Facebook? Unified interface and handy tools excite early adopters, interest scales in sigmoid fashion, plateaus, and diminishing returns set in as the signal-to-noise ratio declines, followed by profitability. It seems to happen over and over again, like waves on the seashore. Many people clearly want a 'home' on the net with a structured community...much the same way people like suburban tract housing with homeowner's associations. Every few years someone makes fat money by finding a new way to cater to these people, few of whom want to maintain their own domain or pages. Numerous me-too sites grab a small slice of this (like facespace.com...really). 5 years later, it's like that nightclub down the street that used to be so cool. Absolutely not. The financial crisis was an inevitability from September 2007. If anything the oil crisis slowed down or even softened its impact in 3 ways: a) it vented liquidity from the dreadfully overheated mortgage market b) it deflected attention onto oil companies even though most of the change in oil prices was driven by merchant bankers looking for somewhere to park cash c) it created a high degree of demand destruction, slowing the economy down significantly This didn't drive us (or any other country) into recession, but rather caused us to take a closer look at the drivers of the economy and realize that the real estate bubble had already peaked. My personal opinion is that if it hadn't been for the oil shock the financial crisis would have come 3-6 months earlier and been even more stabilizing. I did a lot of research into this last year for a documentary, but shelved it due to inertia and changing events. I feel strongly that the oil crisis happened because of the deeper financial crisis, but still can't decide if it was a naturally emergent symptom or a wholly engineered plan B which succeeded in staving off total collapse. Or somewhere in between. already: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=576053 Google should buy it for Docs - looks like it was designed with their API. The help page (Learn more) is also a model of clarity and good documentation. Excellent work. Please take my comment as a truism about evolution rather than women in particular. The extremely superficial explanation is my view of one strategy among many. Primitive strategies are none the worse for being primitive: though no guarantor of success, they're often adequate. thus the number of citations of a science paper is not a direct reflection of its quality, but not irrelevant either. I was surprised to discover that market traders, far from being tight-lipped about their strategic overview, spend a lot of time calling each other up when things were slow to ask what their competitors thought of the day's financial 'weather'. Google's Pageranks are similar. And so on. It is true that a fairly non-promiscuous person will likely be a better parent and thus a desirable match. Nevertheless, some competitive genes don't hurt. Also commitment after experience is more interesting than commitment by default (see daily YC thread on how 'Windows users only like it because it came with the computer they bought'). This is all ^his fault. http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dd93s8qb_37dqrnxjdk It's not just Time and Newsweek. I get complimentary subscriptions to both Fortune and Money, and I find it almost impossible to read either of them. It's like a bad television transcript. (17 page rant about the failings of most media and media consumers implied) :blush: thank you. Just some ideas that were kicking round while I was failing to do much work today. You've inspired me to develop it further though. http://synthmaker.co.uk/ http://synthmaker.co.uk/about.html This tool is designed for audio DSP, but is not limited to that. If you're interested in this topic, I recommend downloading the trial, putting it in advanced mode, and just futzing about for a few hours. It's very accessible and fast to work with, and could be adapted to quite a lot of non-DSP tasks. I would love to see it generalized: the modules within are how I feel libraries should present. Draw graphs for data flow or complex functions, open up a code box for tight procedural stuff. Perhaps not what the author had in mind, but audio synthesis of this kind is event-driven, asynchronous and features a high degree of interactivity, so it may be worth further exploration. Please email if you know about this kind of cool stuff in other contexts. Thanks - no need to apologize. I do think you overlooked 2 things (or I didn't bring them out strongly enough): 1- entertaining doesn't have to be expensive to be impressive 2- throwing a dinner party or a garden party is a cheap and effective way to network But your point is well taken. There is no revenue to speak of at present. Also, that's what I inherited. I agree 100% on the website. The dead pages are due it being recently hacked/restored :-( But it's very much brochureware. I've had a lot of resistance to changing that, but your comment helps a lot. "Exciting new challenges that allow me to maximize my potential!" As an introvert, I'm wary of requests to articulate such things on demand. I'm probably not going to tell an interviewer that my greatest pleasures include cooking with my girlfriend or getting baked and playing with synthesizers. Video editor here. I much prefer it to a generic box or circle. Maybe an egg shape would be equally functional and prettier, but I liked the immediacy. Agreed. The program is overtly cost-conscious and I've made a lot of changes to bring out the 'caring and sharing' values of having guests to dinner rather than the aspirational ones. all the feedback from you and others has been studied carefully, and gratefully. I hate the phrase 'jumping the shark', but Gizmodo is doing it. That week-long listening special was the most naked display of commercial self-abasement I've seen in a while. If you have some money to spend and you really care about the sound^, you'll get the most bang for your buck by going to a professional music store and buying the kind of gear used in studios. Strangely (or not), you'll be hard put to find singe channel/speaker cables costing more than $50 in any recording studio unless it's in a huge room needing a long run. I know nothing about your home of course, but when it comes to speakers you basically want them to be heavy and have big woofers. Many studio monitor speakers are powered, with an amp built into the speaker cabinet. In practice, this usually gives better results than a separate amplifier. Mackie Truth monitors will fill an average room and are very accurate for about $1000. At the higher end, Genelec and ADAM are considered the truly desirable names to have. I particularly love the sound (and look) of KRK speakers. If using a subwoofer, 18 inches is fine. More is for reinforcement, not fidelity. Buy good stands which you can fill with sand to damp vibrations. Speakers should be around the same height as your head in the room's sweet spot, and basically form a triangle with your head as the third point. The bigger the sweet spot, the better the speaker. You must have carpet; a bare wood floor defeats the purpose. Nor do I know what gear you own, but prefer things which offer 'balanced outputs' - they reject interference and electrical noise far better. If you like records, get a technics SL1200 turntable and an Ortofon needle, for about $1500 altogether. If it's good enough for the world's best DJs, it's good enough for you. CD players from Marantz or Denon are excellent. Ask in the store about your mixing/source selection options, or we'll be here all day :-) ^ First, ask yourself honestly if looks matter. I love the look of studio gear, but that's because of my background as a sound engineer. Not everyone shares my utilitarian sensibility. Draw a floorplan/make photos. Go to Guitar Center and say you have a home recording studio and you need some acoustic foam and some bass traps (for the corners). Depends on your room, but $500 will buy you a lot of foam. Basically you want to break up the standing waves between parallel reflective surfaces. Hardwood floors are the worst culprit, along with windows. A sofa helps a lot. So do big heavy wall hangings if you're into that. Lastly, don't put your speakers in the corners or right back against the wall. It makes them sound boomy and results in muddy bass. The same is true if they're too near the floor. Also, try soundonsound.com for tips on acoustic improvement. Learn your room first: if you can make cheap speakers sound better then so will the pricey ones. Spend most of the money on speakers. If you absolutely must have control over the tone color via an equalizer, Manley is a good choice. Back in the day, CompuServe, Delphi etc. used to charge for connections by the mnute (not to mention for emails). Major phone companies like Verizon etc. still segment customers dependent on whether they're calling inside or outside the network (as if I care what carrier someone else sues, or are going to ask them to switch for my benefit!).I hope this model is doomed. I'm glad the current administration is committed to a broadband plan for the US, although I'm worried that the FCC has set it sights far too low. Personally, I'm OK with some taxes going towards this; Broadband is nowadays as important as a well-functioning road system. It seems to me that the poorer or less economically developed parts of the US would derive big long-term economic benefits. http://www.fcc.gov/broadband is the central FCC page for the electronic superhighway and related policies. Though very dull looking, there's a lot of substance at the links on the left. A reasonable point. Then again, drug use is arguably the primordial hack to your own wetware, and drug policy indirectly says something about how the state approaches individual cases it might not understand - consider the history of PGP, or whether Linux would have been developed in the US. So I vote for relevant, although only very peripherally. This is an intellectually lazy position, like dismissing a the findings of a scientific paper on the basis that the authors began with a hypothesis and sought evidence of its truth. Of course that happens, which is why the quality of sources and methodology should be taken into account. I haven't real the full paper yet, but the sourcing is impeccable, using government statistics and peer-reviewed papers rather than private surveys or anecdotal evidence. Agreed. I was scared of C for a long time, but it's actually a beautiful language. Deitel & Deitel's 'C; How to program' is a fine tutorial in both C and structured programming. YMMV. I think they supplement each other. Wikipedia is a great place to go explanatory material; statistics are a part of that but if you are really interested in the numbers behind something you'll probably follow up the citations. Alpha looks to have great potential as a tool for statistical discovery and analysis, but I rather doubt it auto-generate tutorials on what data mean or why they matter. It would be nice if Wikipedia can improve the quality of its articles by linking to Alpha; I hope Wolfram research won't exert a propriety attitude to its search results, but will make them available with something like a creative commons license to the extent that the original sources are in the public domain. I think that's just an attempt to make it easy for people to relate to. Think how useful a similar system might be in a hospital or lab setting, to say nothing of the more abtruse applications that only a physicist might think of. It might have relevance for things from inkjet printers to the way chemicals are deposited on wafers for chip fabrication. Remember that the physic are independent of the medium; water is the reference liquid because of its ubuity, but with this information you could equally well predict the behavior of other liquids by just altering the coefficient of viscosity and the density of the surrounding medium. I'll hazard a guess that it plays a role in cloud formation as well on a much slower scale. Phorque, this is just commentary on the same story (RR prints first circuit) you posted the other day. That was worthy of note, but commentary on same doesn't really add anything and this particular article is really lightweight. More like '5 reasons why Mac is no longer impractical for developers'. I think the only absolute benefit it offers (which is driving some people to it but curiously isn't mentioned) is being able to develop iPhone/iPod apps. Not hating on the Mac, or anything - competition is a good thing. I just didn't care for the evangelista tone. Thanks, I found this valuable. It's a good advert for Wolfram too; he's a lot more personable when he's talking about something else besides his resume :-) Famous people's communications are most often handled by others, which is part of what creates a perception of social value - you can't reach them directly. If I was well-known enough to have millions of people projecting their personal thoughts onto my image, I wouldn't be in any great hurry to take on a high-maintenance communication channel either. Once you do, you're kinda stuck with it. 1:40: trying to hide from my increasingly obsessive fans. LEAVE ME ALONE! It doesn't remind me of the iPhone so much as OS X. I'm uncertain why they would want to associate their new product with Apple's visual branding. I read the thing twice thinking I'd made some mistake and this was an Apple-led joint venture. Maybe it was a 'because we can' thing, but if I was Palm's head of marketing I'd be ripping someone a new one right now. I like the idea, but not the faux-wood visual interface, which reminded me of a Flash game at first blush. I think the weak part is you're offering coupons, rebates and special offers. These are already used and abused by many websites, and my first reaction was 'meh...more spam' - which is unfair, because such things do offer a value to the consumer...but it's just that I seem to get special offers when people have something they want to promote, rather than when I want to buy. Suggestion: give users points, then let them claim the rewards they actually want. This would be a source of more saleable data in itself. Alternatively, give out cash. Since the amount owed to any individual user is miniscule, you could adopt a lottery model and give 1 user out of 1000 a $100 every month, or whatever your numbers allow. It's a good concept, I just think you need something to set yourself apart from other information marketing companies and give you an unusual angle. It wasn't about women (to me) - I would have had the same reaction if it was gay porn. Or if it was a talk on security and featured photos of real life cops and criminals breaking the law. I'm sure it's a great database, but the visual baggage wound up being a major distraction. We shouldn't try to 'fix' things that aren't broken. I don't know how you got into hacking, but... Didn't strike me as Windows-bashing. I'd object too - if the university wants to use only certain tools, they can provide them (and have the responsibility for being able to load & export Excel data with OpenOffice). If the student wants to use other but equally powerful tools, it's not the university's business. I suspect this was dreamed up by accountants rather than faculty. What I meant to say (but did so poorly) was that requiring a certain software platform is like requiring certain brands of paper and pencils to be used for note taking. I draw a distinction between course materials and the tools used to study them. Using Excel spreadsheets as teaching/submission materials is fine by me, but it's not their business how the student deals with that, eg by using alternative software. I don't see why students should be required to only use Windows, any more than why they would be required to only use Dell laptops. FWIW I'm happily using windows right now...by choice. If you already enjoy membership in a specific in-group (whether that's the celebrity circuit, tenured faculty, holders of elected office or any other fairly elite social network), then the chances are that other people need to contact you than you needing to contact others. Nor do you necessarily need to leverage technology for a competitive edge to the same degree if you're already 'made it'. Some people are just conservative; apparently Donald Knuth gave up using email and spends his time writing 'the art of programming' and building pipe organs. Other people are unaware or just not interested. Anyway, I'm sure lots of famous people who are interested in the net make use of it, but choose not to advertise the fact. There are social networks exclusively for the wealthy and famous, such as asmallworld.net. Deterrence is unlikely to have much effect (especially given the facts of this case) and if they lose, which I think they will despite my not being a lawyer, they will have shot themselves in the foot. So far they've picked on exactly the sort of people who could be bullied into a settlement. Lessig would love to make a test case out of this. the irony of picking on Lessig himself (as opposed to whoever mixed the muppets with Anime) is too rich for words. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=586445 In other news, truth still stranger than fiction. Not what you were looking for, but Excel has long had a feature that allows you to assign names to ranges, and it's a big time saver. alternatively, you might like to check out Mathematica. Rubbish. If people have plenty money to buy laptops for themselves, they'll still buy netbooks for their kids. In fact the relative lack of power will be an asset, since parents won't want to think they're buying one so the kids can run Crysis. IANAL...but fuck that. I assume your previous communication about the 'unofficial version' was in writing, at least by email. So legally, they don't have a leg to stand on because they've already folded and accepted your right to supplement their service with your little app. I(f they had strenuously objected straight out of thegate that would be a different situation, but they've already committed to a course of action and now they're backtracking. You can show you dealt with them in good faith (I presume) so I think you're quite safe with 'thanks, but no thanks'. Needs moar audio equipment. Tried 5 different items, found all of them on google. Obscure, I know, but that's why I like search engines. Great concept though, bookmarked for future use. Don't know if it would help to scrape results looking for .pdf extensions. We're just not as smart as he thinks he is. Not much. As long as you have a fence to stop them running out into the road, goats will just wander around and munch grass all day. As will sheep. They need to be checked by a vet a couple of times a year. You guys are confusing the requirements for industrial farming (where you're committed to deliver a certain amount of milk or meat every x weeks) with the basics of animal husbandry. As long as you don't have so many goats that they eat the grass faster than it grows back, everything will be just fine. Keeping animals on a free range basis is extremely low-maintenance and low-impact. They just eat, poop, sit around and reproduce every so often. It's not a multi-day journey for the truck, whereas the lawnmower is likely to be running all day for several days. The distance is irrelevant, since a lawnmower can't travel at the same speed as a truck. Additionally, lawnmowers generally use 2 stroke engines which are inefficient and extremely noisy. You get greater economies of scale at a central power plant than with numerous distributed motors, plus you only need to install one set of scrubbers. Joule for joule, it's cleaner to run an electric motor on AC than to run your own generator. Looks like it has great potential. I hope there will be an API and am really looking forward to trying it out. The dynamic parsing aspects of it are what appeal to me. Some searches I plan to try when it's live; (some company) revenue - and I hope to get graphs for past years, and a pie chart for the current year, given that all that info is in a [public] company's 10k filing. Napoleon relationships - hopefully I should get a tree showing positive affiliations with Josephine & others, negative ones with Wellington & others, and ambiguous ones with with Talleyrand etc. I can think of a lot of others, but I'm keeping my mouth shut in case they have commercial mashup potential :-) I hope there will be an API or licensing terms which offer a low barrier to commercial entry. While New Zealand is not a world hub of IP, this should be closely watched. It will be extremely interesting to compare the terms of the 'rebooted' legislation with the existing incrementally altered system. I can't guess whether it will cut down the typical 'function creep' of incremental legislative extension or result in a major rebalancing in the same direction as the function creep (ie on behalf of copyright holders). I'll be surprised if it results in a tilt in favor of consumers. To the extent that HN has members or members have contacts over there, I hope someone will advocate alternative models such as Creative Commons licenses and similar, and argue on behalf of their legal utility. Another copyright issue that is little discussed is that of authorship. In Europe, if I write a book and you buy it, I may sell the copyright to you outright but I retain the right to be identified as the author. In the US no such right exists. I'm kinda stating the obvious here, but I hope people will pay close attention to this. It's not often the legal codebase is thrown out and rewritten, and this is a 'use it or lose it' situation for NZ citizens, whose participation and reaction will be closely studied by legislators and copyright holders elsewhere. Given the depressing manner in which US legislators have catered only to large copyright holders to undermine the original intention of the copyright process and basically cut off the natural flow of IP into the public domain, this has long-term implications for all of us. Well, insofar as the doppelganger and I have sepata experiences, our personalities have already begun to diverge. Now, if the doppelganger whipped out a pair of EEG helmets and demonstrated that we could sync our experiences - eg, I take a sleeping pill and let my doppelganger go out on the town for a night, but I can easily 'catch up' the following morning - then i'd think about it. I don't see a whole lot of hype. As for the AI part, I think you're just rehashing Searle's Chinese Room argument, which has been shot down a long time ago. No, what we need is a cheap EEG device that exposes its raw data and comes with a basic API. A closed system will live or die on the quality of the release software. An open one will be slower to take off, but see much broader use. So it is, but isn't it a little more MetaFilter than HackerNews? At the same time I can't help a mild feeling of 'Say it ain't so, captain Obvious!' You only have to sit down with a good nature or anthropology documentary to see our social structures aren't all that complex or different from 'primitive' ones. ¯\(º_o)/¯ Study short report here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/14828519/ While I also have reservations about dosing the water supply, I don't think flouride is such a bad thing; and the study suggests that micro-doses as described seem to reduce the rate of suicide by up to a third, which is nothing to sneeze at. Some illness and suffering is caused by modern life an technology (on a personal level, I think our emphasis on getting up early and minimizing the amount of sleep we need is a very bad thing). While it needs a lot of further study, I wonder if rather than looking at something like this as a prophylactic, we should ask if it isn't rectifying an induced deficiency. Name: Green Scorpion Organization: The Justice Society Of Justice Irrelevant...but awesome XD Mrs Browl questions the credibility of any superhero without an archenemy, though. That seems reasonable enough. I didn't glean anything from the linked page other than what the thread title is. On a slightly related note, I saw that when Sweden overhauled their pensions systems a yer or two back they basically defaulted people to joining one of two state-run funds and gave everyone a list of alternatives and an easy 'opt-out' clause (opt out of the state-run fund; you have to pay into some sort of pension by law). This, too, seemed to work well for most people without unfairly restricting the liberty of those who would rather manage their own financial affairs. Yes. I was much more impressed with the 3d page header than the actual content. Good job. This is what 'visual programming' is supposed to be like. It's not a bug, it's a feature. I actually mean that, it strikes a balance between 'sure, do your thing computer' and 'no, I would like to specify exactly what should happen'. This approach has been built into Windows for a long time and I like it. I have a mix of hardware in my computer and some I configure automagically but some I need to set up manually. I suspect the blogger cited in the OP has never had to do technical support for a living. That's between the people who made or refer to the map and the people who were/are discriminated against. You don't deal with unpleasant history by erasing it and pretending it didn't happen. On the more serious issue of actual genocide, the most bitter political feuds are between the people who were hurt by it and those who want to pretend it never happened and needn't be talked about. I don't think it's poor editing on the part of Google at all. Poor editing would be altering the historical record in order to assuage the feelings of one group who might be made uncomfortable. To run with your example, if you're going to alter the map why not go the whole way and replace 'negro' with 'happy black people live here'? It's a sad but seemingly universal fact that when one social group oppresses another and later people ask 'why are the conditions of (oppressed group) so awful?', the self-serving response of oppressing group is 'they choose to live that way', ascribing their negative situation to some inherent defect on the part of the oppressed. And not publishing them (or worse, editing them as suggested above) would make Google complicit in pretending the issue doesn't exist. LOL, no it isn't. I moved here from Europe with half that amount, twice. If you want to have your own apartment and stuff, then you need $1500/mo unless you get really lucky. If you're OK with roommates, you can do it for $1000/mo and have money left over for entertainment/parties/fast times. Besides, the point of moving to a cool city at the age of 18 is to get into trouble, no? Look after your property, don't be too trusting, practice safe sex and and avoid over-friendly strangers whether on the street or behind a desk etc. etc.. Don't assume that coming to Sf will launch your career or you'll find a pot of money, treat the $3000 as the price of a useful learning experience and if you do luck out regard it as a bonus. Take the train or fly, buy a bicycle or walk and take the bus. This city isn't that car friendly but the transit is alright. You're not coming here to sit in traffic or improve your parallel parking skills, are you? Thought not :-) I don't, and could tell you bad stories about it. I used to manage another hostel (below) and we got quite a few 'refugees' who had had a bad experience at the Mason one. I rate the International Guest House at 2976 23rd street. Call ahead and see if they have a spot free. There's only room for about 24 people. It's cheaper, there's free coffee, and if you have the right attitude it's easier to extend your stay (frankly, this basically depends on whether you're cool or not). It helps if you make up some BS like you just came back from Europe or something - they want you to have some evidence of internetional travel if space is at a premium. Downsides/danger include attractive people of both sexes, easy availability of booze and weed, failure to complete coding projects because you stayed up until 3am the previous night. The main benefit is that the place is low turnover, so your friendships there aren't transient like at a lot of bigger hostels. Mind you, I haven't kept in touch for about 4 years, and lots of places go through different phases. ... if we conceive of a being whose faculties are so sharpened that he can follow every molecule in its course, such a being, whose attributes are as essentially finite as our own, would be able to do what is impossible to us. Respectfully, the main difference between you and an atheist like myself is not that I consider the universe random or lacking pattern, but that I don't equate order with agency. From Pi ; 'My new hypothesis: If we're built from Spirals while living in a giant Spiral, then is it possible that everything we put our hands to is infused with the Spiral?' Isn't that what he's doing? I took the article as a piece of marketing, written so that someone who identifies with that problem will pick up the phone to have a talk with him. I like the cut of your jib, young fellow-me-lad! Definitive proof that just having the t-shirt doesn't mean you're cool. I don't know whether to be depressed or amused that a degree from Stanford is good for becoming an internet mall cop. A triumph of form over content. Well, nothing wrong with signaling that you as a business person have decided to focus on value-add. Honestly, many business books are thinly-designed resumes so you could do worse than coin a few buzzwords and just write a book with some provocative title like 'Escaping the foxhole, or how I learned to love the recession'. I was going to be snooty about this, but on reflection the existence of Minix is a good thing for mission-critical applications like medical, military or scientific computing (eg satellites). Likely, the performance advantages of Linux's monolithic kernel have been obviated by the advances in hardware performance over the years. The maintainers don't sell themselves very well though. It does give off the flavor of ivory tower academia despite the apparent concrete benefits. Tannenbaum's public comments that he doesn't know who is using Minix (and by implication, doesn't care) isn't a very good advert for it. Do HN readers think there's a demand for apparently-bulletproof *nix, or are other OS offerings already good enough for anything that isn't classified? !most != any IANALP Wow. That's a display of humility and responsibility you just don't see very often. Though the original conflict was avoidable and unnecessary, an apology like this - for anything - shows real character. Kudos. I don't know. It just seems like it would be a natural candidate if the claims about the size and fault-tolerance of the kernel are true (as opposed to reinventing the wheel and writing everything from scratch). I wonder if this helped to inspire/would dovetail with Ubiquity. I use Chrome rather than Firefox but I hope Ubuity will get ported for this browser when Google opens up the plugin interface. Something missing from this article and the commentary: B & H specializes in professional a/v equipment. Sure, they sell to the general public and they sell many consumer-level items as well. But go look at their web page: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/ "The Professional's choice' - lots of high end cameras and camcorders, and so forth. A majority of their customers are highly knowledgeable as well, and they have a long-established reputation in the pro film/video community as a reliable supplier. That means they can sell a lot of items with a huge markup, because the customers are not looking for the best deal, but are willing to pay more for both customer service and equipment with lots of features. Although B&H caters to the general consumer, they probably don't make their biggest profits in that sector. This is a very significant difference, and rather undermines the analysis in the article. It's like comparing a Ferrari dealership with a Ford one, or a professional medical supply business with a drugstore chain. There are useful lessons to be learned, but they're very different business models which (as commented) don't necessarily scale to different markets. If B&H were primarily targeting the general consumer, the overhead costs of educating every potential buyer would skyrocket. Incidentally, the bit about the item being delivered to the counter where it is inspected, and then delivered to the point of sale etc. gave me quite a chuckle. Minus the high-tech and conveyer belts, this was exactly how department stores in the Soviet Union operated when I visited there in the 1980s. In fact it was one of the things you'd find in guidebooks - 'those crazy commies - they hate capitalism so much that they make the process of buying something wildly inefficient!' I would never have imagined I'd see this model praised in the pages of Inc. Chrome isn't open for plugin development AFAIK, is all. And I quite understand them not bothering with IE. I didn't mean to suggest that the Ubiquity team were trying to tether anyone. One wonders if the user who deleted the article was sufficiently jealous of Fravia's reputation that s/he would rather delete the article than improve it. Though poorly sourced, the deleted material hardly qualifies as 'fanboyism'. True, but that's a process rather than a normal retail model. I mean, compared to pick something off the shelf and take it to the register. Did she? Here at work it's wider than my 1024 x 768 screen. The screen is suck, I admit, but this particular 'puter is mostly used for administration. And reading HN, of course. That could be hard without color. I'm not sure I buy this, since the pdf ability (finally, duh Amazon) will compete with many of the textbooks. I still fail to see why the thing has a keyboard. Just give me a USB port and let me plug one in, or something similar. 40+ buttons means 40+ things to go wrong. Waste of space, components, and maintenance overhead for a search function that could be implemented many other ways. I'm afraid the thing reminds me unpleasantly of the IBM PCjr. I like it, but it fails to load 3 out of 5 times when I click on a Posterous link. First day traffic blues? Being around people all your own age is not a luxury, it's a trap. There are vast numbers of interesting people at all ages. Just surf around and let it happen to you - unless you have clinical social phobias or suchlike it'll take care of itself. You will sometimes be bored, demotivated, or lonely. This is the normal human condition. 8-O Excuse the long comment, but... I'm a producer on a scrappy little TV show (local, trying to expand). This is startling, because I just finished work on a business plan today and our business model is produce show, sell ad spots direct to likely candidates, and buy airtime to increase reach. I'm really not sure how I feel about this. I may be able to use it (particularly to use the pricing estimates to reverse-engineer the viewership revenue possibilities for TV show in the genre I'm producing, as well as to identify which slots are most effective - Nielsen already produces such data, but it costs a fortune), but it's also very tough on me as a producer because I don't have a network deal of any kind; furthermore it makes me much more dependent on a network owner while cutting me out of the loop completely as a content creator, strongly reinforcing the position of the distributor (not unlike how your iPhone app doesn't exist for commercial purposes if you're not in the app store). I applaud Google for automating the ad-buying process, and I presume that due to their sheer size they'll be able to secure very good terms and make profits on relatively small margins. But our existing plan of generating maybe $2m/yr in direct sponsorship sales 2 years from now is probably in the toilet, because if I were an advertiser it would probably be vastly simpler to just use this new tool and have a dashboard with analytics and so forth than to do special deals with niche content providers (like us). It's not going to disrupt the TV/advertising business overnight, of course, but this is going to be the talk of the industry over the next 72 hours. I have to say I feel like I just got sucker-punched. It doesn't help that my boss is an old-school ad guy who finds Google docs mysterious. (Strangely, the 'ad creation marketplace' (hook up with a producer/camera team) goes to a dead link. Mini-fail, there.) Well I have my 'who cares' password, my 'like this site' password and my 'involves money' password(s). Strangely, my HN password isn't the same one I use for my bank account. More as I get it - I think I have a case to apply (see other comment on this thread) no, they're mostly controlled by the cable service provider or local broadcast affiliate (who, naturally, take more than half their content from the network provider). Thanks, checking it out now. ^ & v, it's nice to know I'm not the only teevee person here. I felt a bit guilty showing up to the last HN meetup in SF given that the I currently program an average of 2 hours a month :-) Google could step in that second market if they play it right. I would love to be able to upload complete episodes to YT and sell ads against that - our show is local but of general interest (cooking, basically). I'm looking at just breaking it into chunks and creating our own YT channel but the exec isn't terribly web-savvy so I'm probably going to do it on my own time and keep my mouth shut until we have >10k views. On a more general note, this has significant long-term cultural implications, which I'm surprised nobody is discussing. At relatively small cost, one could (say) place commercials at a particular time slot in a major metro for viral effect. As a silly example, imagine 750k people in NY are watching the evening when they get a 30 second message along the lines of 'the cake is a lie'. Less amusing examples crop up in Gibson's Neuromancer (disinformation in an ersatz news format being used to cause a riot) and Vinge's Rainbow's End (subliminal information used to activate a preprogrammed behavior; see also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toxoplasma_gondii What's interesting to me is that the current commercial message pipeline has a degree of editorial oversight, albeit a weak one; automating the process subverts that to a degree (although they'll check for basic FCC compliance), which opens the possibility for both greater creativity and for abuse. I expect this will first manifest in the form of political speech, which isn't subject to normal commercial considerations and which attracts more funding than arty experimental stuff. Interesting, notwithstanding the questionable statistical methodologies. Asking HN: do you think e-books are overpriced? Several writers I know say that at most they get the same royalty on a Kindle copy as on paper - or sometimes less; the excuse being that the whole book has to be re-typeset for Kindle etc. While arguably valid for some books with complex layout, I find it very hard to credit for things like novels etc. I sometimes take old public domain books in .txt form from Project Gutenberg, reformat into more readable font etc. and output a .pdf for printing or laptop reading. This rarely takes more than an hour or two, and indeed many public domain or obscure books are available from Kindle for $0.80. So I wonder where the money is going when an e-book sells for $9.99 and the author informs me he's still getting the same ~$0.50 per copy. Quite, and the same used to be an iron rule of journalism. The whole benefit of (any-)pedia is to guide you to those sources by presenting them in a meaningful context. I get just as irritated by people who reflexively say 'you cited wikipedia LOL fail' which is usually an excuse to avoid reading something that contradicts or undermines their argument. Entertainingly, if you give the same person links to the sources cited in a given article, they'll just as often complain about 'ivory tower elitism'. teh stupid, it burns :-( A valid point. I don't mind hoaxes too much though, because a) they incrementally improve editing standards on WP and b) I'm starting to think that the form of someone's reaction to WP tells you a lot about their thinking process, or lack thereof. You're not wrong. I am less than enthused about this, since I enjoy above-average hearing (and have leveraged this professionally for the last decade as a sound tech). I already have to put up with enough noise pollution: this is about as attractive to me as laser-based iris scanning would be. It sure beats stopping to find and then read the list of stations and fares printed in 8 point type on a sticker that is attached to a random spot on the front of the machine. Great work, but I'm not hopeful about it getting past the lardass bureaucrat brigade. Not to mention the need to add 5c to your ticket if you want it back at the end of the journey - say for expense or tax deduction purposes if you are making occasional but expensive long-distance trips for work assignments. I've spent >$300 on BART fares for a month-long project before, and if you exit the station with the exact fare on your ticket, there goes your receipt. For plastic yes, you're right. I tend to use cash for transit fares, I don't know why. I must have some mental block about it, because I'll even leave the station to go use the ATM, then come back and make change and then put the $5 bill in and grumble about having a pocket full of quarters. Oh well, I fail. Well, you never know. If the universe really is holographic and we can find a way to move within that, then locality might come to seem like a quaint concept. I had a near-death experience some years back which left me with the gut feeling that our space is embedded within 5 dimension. It was pretty strange, but that's another story. For about 5 minutes after I came round I could see around things. If you think that sounds weird, you shoulda seen it from my side. I just had a site offer to hook me up with Friend Connect. First time i've seen it deployed other than as a test...and it works pretty nicely. Chrome doesn't render it properly though., which is a surprise. Awesome advice. I'll just tell the landlord, supermarket, phone company, and other suppliers that I'm trying to sell my product before I've raised money and they should be proud of supporting a venture whose founding members and first hires are all willing to work for fresh air. Sorry for the snark, but I'm in a position like this just now. I am in fact working for nothing at present and stretching out a small personal windfall in order to do it. I'm lucky and grateful to have the freedom to do that. We're not a tech startup so our needs are a bit different from grab laptop, update SDK, churn out code - but even so, unless you happen to have deep pockets it takes time and money for any business to make its first sales (which in our case are b2b and thus not free for the customer). I could not and would not do this if I had kids or if Mrs Browl didn't have a good job that allows me to risk my time participating in this venture I'm working for. The concept is great. The execution...has room for improvement. I would have called it an educational example of what's wrong with textbooks :-) Good link though, this is a serious issue. As a european I'm horrified by most of what I see about the American school system; conservatives and liberals both seem intent on wrecking it in different ways. Examples like this make me wonder if the purpose of k-12 isn't so much to educate as to act as an obstacle course for the less fortunate. I also wonder about the price of textbooks here. I'm more familiar with college than k-12 books, but the prices here are a major scam. In Europe I can walk into a bookshop and pay about $30 for an (American) book that sells for >$100 here. Over there the academic books are almost always cheaper than the 'introduction to learning X in 24 hours for complete dummies'. In fact, I ended up owning a bunch of textbooks on subjects that interested because they were the affordable option. The first time I went looking for a CS book here in the US I nearly had a heart attack. The problem is going to persist as long as education is a state matter but economics leads most states to play 'me-too' and go with whatever is selected in Texas. Kickbacks by academic publishers to selectors (which I hear sometimes takes place) should be prosecuted criminally. Textbooks should be certified by a panel of relevant academic associations, eg the AAAS or other well-established groups - not the 'Brand New Hisotrical Revisionism Society'. Those are just my superficial reactions, and not very good ones. I was uncomfortably reminded of programming books by this article. There's a lot of junk out there...makes me think of how many programming books are built around things like administering a payroll system, which coincidentally involves nothing more complex than arithmetic and the most primitive kind of database. If you're a self-study sorta person like me, it's a real pain in the ass for find good tutorial material. Do we need books, as such? Or, do we always need educational material to be in book form? I love books, they were my best friends in childhood. And I am a bit of a traditionalist about education - snooty about handwriting, spelling, grammar and numeracy (educated in Ireland, where the education system was design by priests). But for learning, we are grossly underusing computers. Much educational software just looks stupid. And while India and other places are trying to focus on the idea of one laptop per child, the US is awash in expensive and bad textbooks. this points to a further slide in our future economic competitiveness. "Lights Out" is a badly-written, breathless, and confusing book on the conflict between our evolutionary capabilities and post/industrial environment, from living conditions to diet. It's absolutely awful...but well-sourced, and broad in scope. I hate recommending it but if you can make it through the cringeworthy tabloid prose the second half of the book contains a decent academic bibliography. Edit: two writers, one academic and one popular. bad combo. From personal experience, I can say that the compulsion (to have sex) remains but the pleasure doesn't, resulting in a lot of frustration. I prefer the mood swings. I'm pretty skeptical of this as a therapeutic option for p.e.. Not to get into an argument not medically qualified, but as some who has extensive experience with both recreational and clinical drug use, asciilifeform makes some good points here. Yes, it's absurd that psychiatry often doesn't involve any blood tests, which really makes to hard to take seriously as a medical discipline. I've had both good and bad psychiatrists, but it's hard to escape the conclusion that 'fill this prescription, tell me how it's working in a month' is not much more than licensed drug dealing. SSRIs and suchlike are designed to build up their effect over time rather than supplying instant chemical gratification, which is a good idea, but as medical tools I think they're fairly half-assed. Between study, experience, and practice at observing my reactions, I feel moderately competent to monitor my own brain chemistry, at least as well as any lay person can. Mapping out the metabolic curve of a drug in the body isn't so terribly hard and SSRIs feel very much like the chemical equivalent of treating the symptom rather than the cause. In short, they seem to flatten affect, such that the amplitude of yuor mood swings is reduced and you don't care how you're feeling to the same degree as normal. On several occasions I've taken a course, been quit disappointed, and come off them - subsequent improvement, if any, has more to do with increased self-regard for having taken action to address the problem. I do feel, strongly, that dopamine deficiency is part of my particular problem - and as pointed out, the clinical options there are somewhat limited. It's on reason I still smkoe; nicotine is a very effective dopamine agonist. Unfortunately, it's brought me to first-stage emphysema and every time I light up my lungs ask me why there isn't a better way. Although I have been diagnosed with moderately several Adult ADHD (via interviews and tests...another example of the medical catching-up psychiatry needs), my doctor's been rather reluctant to break out the Adderall or suchlike because he worries there might be a potential for abuse. At his hourly rate, I don't argue, but frankly I'm OK with it because it can hardly be worse than tarring my lungs. My past experience with illegal stimulants like cocaine is that they're quite enjoyable but don't exercise any significant compulsion on me. I took the latter semi-regularly for a while but got bored with staying in and having the same wired conversation with my roommate, so I just dropped it. Just my anecdotal perspective. I find it depressingly easy to understand why so many people wind up 'on drugs'. They work, but it's infra dig to start your clinical approach from there. That's all true. But nobody says 'oh, you're addicted to blood pressure regulators or (other medication for chronic conditions)'. Informally, my experience is unhealthy levels of dependence seem to manifest in people who don't have a deficiency in the first place. Unless one's neurological deficiency is really severe, one often develops a methodology to live with it. Absent that know-how, it's a lot easier to overdo it and end up in the ditch. I haven't; I work as a producer - in practice, a manager - for a small TV show that's currently on hiatus due to money problems. I'm not a business person or an entrepreneur, and pretty terrible at making money (just don't have the instinct for chasing it), so the only business I've 'launched' is my freelance work. My skillset is rapid technical ability, creative communications (ranging from manuals to PR copy to video editing), and crisis management. I get lost or cause trouble in big organizations, am a valuable catalyst/trauma specialist in startups, and do best at assembling things where the pieces are lying on the floor and everyone else is confused about what to do next. tl;dr - unworldly troubleshooter. Right. To make more product (in this case, a cooking show), I need to hire people and equipment. there are limits to what's possible with energy and good will alone, and asking people to intern or work for equity on mission-critical tasks (rather than strategy) is often a false economy. At present I'm arguing that we're budgeting too much on sales and promotion (although it's very important) and not enough for the actual production costs. Not unlike coding, there's an unfortunate perception that enthusiastic and creative people are worth less than the revenue specialists. There's a reason for the stereotype of the sales guy who makes 10x more than the engineer who delivers a functional, reliable product :-/ First-mover disadvantage: customers sometimes believe they own the product and shouldn't have to pay for it, though. If it seems obvious, it will be devalued. Thus the many companies which make something cool on the internet that's popular but hard to monetize. Cool, but one of the weaknesses of Wi-fi has turne dout to be the security. Of course you want your connection secure. And of course you don't want some creepy guy surfing kidde porn from your IP. But as implemented, in a lot of places there's extensive wi-fi connectivity and unused internet bandwidth but it's all private. How great would it be if every router gave 90% of the bandwidth to the owner and leaked 10%, with some sort of packet-tagger to say 'mobile origin'. We nearly had public Wi-fi in San Francisco but one group of citizens wanted it publicly owned or nothing, and wouldn't tolerate a private service subsidized by ad frames or similar. Classic case of perfect as enemy of the good. Community peer wifi has been tried but I signed up 18 months ago and heard nothing since. The idea is good, and we all know games are a source of great UI innovation too. But the G-word is likely to be a problem for them. Most people think 'game theory' is what happens on ESPN at half time. It's a scam. (To those in the same situation) Talk to the competition before they see one bank get away with it and go all cartel stylee, blaming market conditions. Banks and other similar businesses don't want to compete on substance, but on style. IANAL, but it appears their argument is that you are exploiting their mark as part of the commercial service your website offers. It seems legally sloppy and you're correct about it not really being DMCA material, but I'm not so I'd go so far as abuse. It is a given in trademark law that if a mark is not aggressively defended by the owner then they have only themselves to blame if it is later misappropriated. Trademarks don't enjoy the same absolute protections as copyrights do. They don't want to dilute the secondary meaning of the trademark, which might (theoretically) happen if they let you keep giving it out at your site. Out of curiosity, why not something like Mathematica? Original w3 proposal (ahem): http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/03/17/verity_stob_glb/ I'm tired of these overwrwought comparisons. The legislation certainly needs work (which is the point of committee and congressional votes), but there is a qualitative difference between writing '(public figure) is a doofus!' and '(private individual) is an evil person who strangles kittens' and conducting a campaign of character assassination. At present, one can leverage the internet for unfounded personal attacks to a far greater extent than the law provides remedies to defend against them. Our libel and slander laws are written for a simpler age where publication carried an implication of editorial control. You're probably not going to find civil remedies adequate if someone has already falsely identified you as a child molestor for the lulz, say. Aside from the substitution of editorial viewpoint for any actual reportage (eg, quoting some lawyers who specialize in first Amendment cases on what the implications might be), this article and others seems to depend on ignoring the first paragraph of the proposed legislation: "(a) Whoever transmits in interstate or foreign commerce any communication, with the intent to coerce, intimidate, harass or cause substantial emotional distress to a person, using electronic means to support severe, repeated and hostile behavior , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both." There are legal thresholds for intent and severity which would have to be met before any criminal case would stick. Everyone keeps focusing on the 'electronic means' as if the act of closing a circuit is the focus of the legislation, rather than a sustained campaign of personal attack which a jury would find intolerable. Those bleating that Sanchez doesn't understand the internet seem to have an extremely poor grasp of the legislative process and the scope and history of the first amendment, which is not invalidated by any given piece of legislation. Wolfram|Alpha isn't sure what to do with your input. Like I say, I'm still finding out how to parse queries effectively, particularly for comparison data...in between working (cough). He's right. 'JFK' gives me: full name | John Fitzgerald Kennedy date of birth | May 29, 1917 (91 years ago) place of birth | Brookline,Massachusetts,United States date of death | November 22, 1963 (age: 46 years) (45 years ago) place of death | Dallas,Texas,United States Oh, and (like many topics) it also offers a Wiki link in a sidebar. All I can say is 'it's different'. Wolfram said this morning that he is not seeking to compete with Google, about whom he spoke generously. Rather, his goal is to provide a fast interface to a wide range of computable data. As an example of its quirkiness, 2 slices of swiss cheese + 1 leaf of lettuce + 1 quarter pound burger gives me a USDA style nutrition label. If I add bacon it says it doesn't know what I mean :-) C'mon, you think I didn't try all those :-) Until I get home (and can fire up Mathematica) I'm not sure how to do such symbolic queries. It's not Deep Thought - I feel like getting the most benefit from it would require some kind of Regex. Might be me. They haven't put the FAQs or tutorials up yet. I do feel a lean towards computable rather than retrievable data, if that makes sense. I just started with that example as something I knew about that seemed to typify the popular imagination of how it might be used. Some caveats, by the way: - it IS a preview: not everything is switched on - it's NOT pretending to offer natural language processing for general queries - they're NOT pretending to be a better Google or Wikipedia - I don't know what I'm doing: I'm in Fisher-Price mode, and there is a learning curve. I am quite impressed, and also confused. You mean, how long is a piece of string? I got some...interesting results by exploring these terms; for example, i was able to get a scatterplot of infection rates vs size of population in Africa. On the other hand, I can't seem to pipe data into a map to save my life. Maybe that's not switched on yet, some things explicitly aren't. More info tonight or tomorrow, after I've tried running Mathematica at the same time. They should put forward computer scientists to refute this, rather than business representatives. Oh well, we can laugh at their ignorance but it's easy to miss overlook the fact that companies in a large fragmented market sometimes gouge consumers for years and falsely shift the blame for high prices onto whatever government happens to be handy. Having worked for some privatized utilities over there, management is often focused on accumulating as much money as possible rather than improving service for the consumer. Oh OK. I thought it was a rather abstracted joke =) After thinking about your query, the only good idea I had was to take something like a large open source codebase and write a program to search for string/char declarations. It'd probably be faster just to try your idea and see whether it helps or not :-/ Oh, and nothing about that on Alpha, sorry. I did ask it 'how long is a string' for fun, and it suggested that the length of a given random string is 12. And who am I to argue? My cash flow projections. 14. It was a Vic-20. Cassete tape storage, 3.5k of memory. It did have a wicked fast centipede game, though in Ireland I wasn't able to find any decent books on writing machine code instead of BASIC. And Gridrunner. Oh yeah. Although I'm a classical liberal (as in, I believe in markets rather than command economies), McCullagh would have us believe that private companies are uninterested in monopolies or locking in their customers - and while he provides examples of where lock-in has failed, it's alive and well in other spaces, such as cellphones. McCullagh cites Hollywood lobbyists' influence on copyright law, while skating over the question of how a libertarian approach would help - indeed, I suspect it would wind up as a land grab on the public commons, with the first to digitize getting ownership rights, much as a copyright photograph of an old painting gains rights for the photograph (even if it has no original content). Though he's right about the weaknesses of slow-moving legislative supervision of fast-moving technology, his conviction that it'll just work itself out seems rather Pollyannaish. Michael Heller's tragedy of the anti-commons analyzes the problems of fragmented ownership from an economic rather than a philosophical perspective, and points up some flaws in libertarian theory; http://www.wdi.umich.edu/files/Publications/WorkingPapers/wp... Monopolies of physical items and commodities are hard without government backing, but software is not so clear-cut. Bear in mind that anyone with copyright or patents relies on the government (either directly or indirectly via the courts) for enforcement anyway. The tragedy of the anti-commons as it relates to copyright is that very little older content has entered the public domain since the 1920s - I cannot legally cover A Gershwin song for money, say, even though the man is long dead - and much energy, both public and private, is wasted on nonsensical interpretations of things like the DMCA. If you are film producer (say) trying to cover your legal bases by licensing any and all copyrightable material that appears in your film, it can get very expensive. Oh please. Only ~75,000 people live in Andorra and 80% of their economy derives from tourism - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andorra . You might as well compare the USA with Brunei. Well, here in the US I believe we spend more (as a function of GDP) than the French do, but the results are less good overall. India spends relatively little but they have a different philosophy about medicine (I don't mean 'alternative' medicine, but health administration, scheduling etc). I think our heavily private system is failing in the US for two reasons: 1. health consumers can never be fully informed without getting a medical degree, and indeed they can't get access to facilities or tools without one; and 2. healthcare isn't an asset that you can choose to buy at a given time. You can't decide to have your heart attack at 30 when your recovery prospects are very high, or to postpone developing a chronic condition while you make more money to buy better health insurance. Ill health is, to a large extent, something that happens to you rather than something you can plan for, notwithstanding the benefits of maintaining a healthy lifestyle. With limited knowledge, limited ability to make decisions, and limited ability to schedule your healthcare spending, it's very hard for normal market conditions to prevail. Though one can buy insurance, there is a massive gulf between the information available to the supplier and the consumer, and suppliers leverage this to give consumers a poor deal. This is an important point. Sometimes we read about people here being banned from using the net (sometimes for things like soliciting minors, but also just because it's regarded as a 'luxury'.) As well as being very hard to enforce, it's not unlike house arrest. Like others here, I have difficulty functioning without net access. And it's pretty much an economic essential if you want any kind of a decent job. this is a naive viewpoint. government is not necessarily an 'other' which impinges on us; rather, it's an organization to which people can outsource the largest scale tasks, such as infrastructure or military defense. It would be nice if all commercial exchanges were mutually beneficial, but they're not. There are graphic clients available, in various stages of maintenance (see the Wiki article on NH). But I keep going back to the text version. It's like porting Pacman to the Quake or other 3d engine - you don't really gain anything, and arguably the visual distractions get in the way, over-emphasizing the limitations of the square grid and limited view. Additionally, the isometric 3d of some ports makes it too easy to step into the wrong square. When I was in High School (80s) I used to sneak onto the campus of the local technical college to play Hack. Wikiocracy: instead of electing legislators, you use a wiki environment to build a corpus of legislation and manage legal cases, with limited commit ability (eg no more than monthly or so...don't want to make long post). For a small fee, contracts can be registered and arbitrated like a private arbitration service, minus the expensive pay-to-play which usually decides on behalf of the larger entity. It quietly supplants the the private and later the public legal system by providing a superior open source alternative. Already exists. These are the norm in Europe, I have no idea why they're not popular in the US. We Europeans enjoy mocking antiquated American home appliances and can't believe you still use stovetop kettles and blenders from the 1950s. http://www.gelighting.com/apo/products/appliances/clothes_ca... It looks like a regular washing machine, you just put your clothes in the front, set the buttons, and 2 hours later they're clean and dry. It's awesome. A small game programming library/module which just exports your score, and allows you to see your rate of progress in different games over time. Sort-of exists: http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/y/yitm/ and several others. I'm always into stuff like this as I'm in film/tv production...and things like this are a great excuse for, er, not going out of the house, raising real money, hiring real people. But there's a vaaaaast price vs. quality gap. As in, to look convincing you need a greenscreen studio and a team of professional CG technicians to come to your house :-) Find out how much space they propose to fill with your content - half a page, say. Find something similar in around the same place in the paper (the advice column or whatever), check on the advertising section of the website(or have a friend call them) to see how much they are charging for the adverts surrounding content of that size. ask for about 2/3 of that. for example, you give them 1/2 page of stuff every week, and it's surrounded by 1,5 pages of ads, which they sell for, say, $1500. They pay a 10-15% commission to their sales person for selling the ads, and want to make a similar level of profit for themselves. So ask for $1000. They'll probably say no and you'll have to negotiate...so your trade-off will be 'OK, you want to pay $500...but in return I want a 6 month commitment and my logo/website address in the top left of the box'. Researching how much they're getting for the surrounding space should give you a ballpark idea of what the content is worth. I don't think I've been especially lucky, as I've had 3 of them at different times and they all worked OK. Caveat: they were all in Europe. Perhaps the ones sold in the US are deliberately sucky so as to drive you into wanting two specialized units? Edit: might be a 220v vs 110v issue as well. EMP guns FTW - http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2004/jul/12/sciencenews.cr... Bonus: they scare luddites, who are convinced these are used all the time to kill people the Illuminati hate by making them fly in a small plane during bad weather first. Yeah better. I just grabbed the first linked that looked relevant. I was amazed anyone would not know about these. She grows and sells organic food. So being registered as a farmer, she probably has to show where her resources are coming from or be fined. This is a really interesting article. Tradable resource rights are often touted as a solution to environmental overuse but this is a good example of how they can go badly wrong. Well, anti-trust cases do depend on evidence of collusion between market participants, rather than pricing information alone. As Adam Smith said, men of the same profession seldom come together save with the intent to defraud the public. WTF. If they're not supplying the broadband (which they're not) then they don't get to collect for it. This is so irritating - it's this sort of thing which casued me to leave the country. The Irish government figures that since it's an island, they can just use the geography to squeeze people for anything, especially when times are tough. Be interesting to see how this would stack up against the recent EU decision to make internet access a legal right (not free as in beer). I'm guessing EU law would trump this transparent attempt at a shakedown. Automated namespace pollution. Wonderful :-| It's interesting. But (regarding parenting): "Have they established rituals that force you to delay on a daily basis? Do they encourage you to wait? And do they make waiting worthwhile? " In life, delaying gratification often pays off - but only to the extent that the provider of said gratification is competent and trustworthy. There are also times when it is genuinely better to take the money and run. Your bank, for example, has little interest in giving you a fair deal, but instead offers financial instruments with superficially attractive terms while burying numerous modifying clauses in the fine print. An employment contract from a major corporation can be similarly unfair. My first cubicle job came with an employment contract that asserted ownership of any intellectual property I produced during my term of employment. One example that springs to mind is Shuji Nakamura, who has been a major innovator in the field of LED diodes (specifically, he's the engineer who made high-intensity blue light available on the cheap, so if you've got a Blu-ray player you should thank him). For this, his grateful employers bestowed upon a bonus of...$180. He sued and eventually ended up getting $7 million. A TV license, or the need to buy one for having your computer connected to the internet? Being Irish, I have a particular problem with the way it's implemented at home because the license fee is onerous but you have to put up with ads as well, so you get the worst of both worlds. I'm in favor of public broadcasting but I feel it should offer value for money. I lived without television for quite a long time, and would be quite happy to do so again, since the main benefit of a large screen to me is the ability to watch movies (on DVD). So I am rather hostile to the idea of having someone come to the house and insist on looking around to see whether I have a television or the not. Collecting a license even if I don't own a TV is just insufferable. It's a very ethical stance. Terms like this could also act as a poison pill in the event of an acquisition where the buying company only wanted to kill off a rival technology - a kind of 'use it or lose it' provision. How many really believe the story about selling his old (presumably worn) clothes back to J Crew to raise his seed capital? I'm guessing the truth is that he pitched a J Crew board member by including 'the clothes off his back' as a jokey item in his business proposal, but that's not the substantive part which got him the check. Sorry, I'm getting a 'rich dad, poor dad' vibe off this guy and his site. Don't agree. The law is interpreted, not compiled; this is one possible interpretation of what I admit is a farily broad statute. But let's be realistic here, if you twitter your other half with 'working late, will eat from freezer xxx snookums' no jury is going to hold that against you. Uploading >700 porn pictures at work, even of your own sexy self, is asking for trouble. You're laying your employer open to all kinds of liability, to say nothing of it not being anything like what they pay you for unless you're in the porn business. The guy is irresponsible, lacks common sense, and is trying to wriggle off the hook on a technicality. Let's not make a hero out of him, and let's not extrapolate the worst possible future from a single case, because the likelihood of anyone going to jail for checking the sports results or reading Google news on the office computer during lunch hour is vanishingly low. It's this kind of stupid 'but nobody told me I shouldn't' bullshit that leads to the imposition of idiotic HR policies in the first place. And uploading 700 kinky pictures of yourself from work is sane? The best practice is to conduct your sex life at home instead of the office. But if you read the text of the law in question, it covers a variety of offences including computer breakins. Your perception is that hacking is the focus of the law and it's been misinterpreted to include this other activity, but in fact hacking is only one of several things covered by it. It's Ohio revised code 2913.04.b: 'Unauthorized use of property - computer, cable, or telecommunication property' and is available here: http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2913.04 Am I the only person here who took the trouble go and read it? Quite. This is very different from Alpha (and somethng I've been waiting for from Google for a while). Alpha's not trying to be Google, and this doesn't look like google trying to be Alpha. You know what Alpha reminds me of most (as a tester - try it out yourself on 5.18)? 'Insert Field' in MS word, where you can insert the date & time, or a reference to a cell in an Excel spreadsheet, or some other piece of external data, and have it automatically update every time the document is loaded. It's sort of like having widgets but being able to call them up with a simplistic natural language interface. Not all of Earth's people will appreciate this, but it will probably be popular in . (see?) Average Karma per utterance would also be interesting. Or, indeed, per word. The end of prohibition is one obvious example.