Nobody actually programs in the IR of a compiler, except for (say) tests and debugging. The IR is not usually designed to be read to by humans, although LLVM is actually very readable (But still rather tedious). If you looked at, just for an example, the IR used in the dmd d compiler, using (Walter Bright's) Digital Mars backend then you'd notice that the IR is not trivial to access at all. Last time I checked, you had to actually dive into the backend code (I'm pretty sure there's an undocumented flag/switch that I'm missing somewhere) to get the IR out of the compiler. In fairly sharp contrast to this, getting the IR (in a textual format!) is normally as simple as using -emit-llvm when compiling. This is part of the revolution (~Slight~ exaggeration) that LLVM brought about in compiler design: Compared to most other compilers, LLVM is designed to be very portable. The only compiler, of similar stature, like it is GCC. GCC is much better than it was, I'd imagine because of the competition from LLVM/Clang. Tangent Aside: The LLVM IR textual format is not guaranteed to be stable at all . It's also not particularly nice to program in, and also it uses SSA form so it's not suitable for humane consumption. It looks like a high level programming language, but it really isn't. IR is designed to be generated, bullied and discard by the compiler. If you want to punish yourself, the LLVM project does contain interpreters and compilers just for IR in a file. If I remember correctly, Clang will compile anything with a ?.ll? file as IR. You can see all the optimisation passes in action here: https://godbolt.org/g/uZH3UD GHC compiles haskell through about a million different IRs and abstract machines, until eventually reaching Cmm, which is effectively a similar idea to LLVM IR (A very simple C ish imperative language). Any benefits to be had, should be fairly straightforward for the GHC folks to use, which should be cool. [Citation needed] LLVM IR is an IR format, :). Basically LLVM is just a abstract RISC, whereas the JVM is a lot of that with a truck load of very high level instructions. One could implement these as a superset of LLVM, but that's not what LLVM is. You, mostly, can JIT LLVM IR and use it as a generic bytecode vm: but it's really designed for static copmilation. I wasn't trying to be critical, it's just significantly more than most languages (With good reason!). This is a good thing, I dream of when we will have libraries/frameworks for doing these kind of high level program transformations in a modular way a la LLVM. Likely never, LLVM IR uses SSA form. This means that optimisations are easier, but the "assembly" is significantly higher lever than assembly a la MIPS. IR is for doing optimisations not executing code (although LLVM does have interpreters if that's what ya need) Just for some more data, Swift is (Possibly still in the process of, but I don't follow swift so they could have finished years ago) moving to a higher level IR, for similar reasons to Rust and Haskell. In principle that could happen, but LLVM IR is really not designed for anything other than being transformed by LLVM. One could define an abstract risc machine, to be jitted at either side. LLVM is not quite suitable for this purpose: It assumes quite a few details about the target. Also, this requires a huge amount of co-operation. So far this has only happened in the browser with e.g. ECMAScript standardization, asm.js and WebAsm. The JVM tried to do this, but it's not a good compilation target for languages like C/C++. Therefore, I think will happen eventually: The web browsers will develop the tools and specifications to make this stuff, then it will get broken off and used outside of the web ( I hope , god forbid all software has to be distributed via the web using overlyHypedWebScale.js v2) :-). I think GCC has/had IR's that are LISP like. Regardless of your education, once you learn a set of technologies well enough it generally becomes easy to just start working on a problem. Also, I don't mean to be invidious but, programming languages are normally the easy part: Unless you jump from (say) VB.Net to Haskell most programming languages are actually fairly similar. In fact, programming languages are boring: Once you know a few, particularly if you know a bit about compilers (e.g. can work from the specification/grammar, Haskell made sense only after I'd read SPJ( possibly et al)'s, it becomes fairly easy to pick up a new programming language. However , software engineering is very important (e.g. Style, testing and optimisation, i.e. for the cache, are all very important skills that I'd assume most people learn by themselves. I'm 16, so I can't exactly speak from experience; I also don't have any data: My guess would be that because of the difficulty of getting into the top schools/Unis, they cream off the top students. These students then spend years honing their skills, however (assuming your observations are true) they get particularly good at the more rigorous/theoretical side of their science. Supposedly, that would help you focus on the stuff that matters(TM). In practice, I think that this is probably not true. I'd be fairly surprised (Or shocked) if MIT et al just spat out magically excellent engineers. I'd guess, that it just provides a nice foundation to learn on top of. You can tag a block @nogc, if you just need to avoid it for a specific part of your program. This can be done with the whole program, but quite a lot of the standard library requires the GC. I should point out that the GC has no problems that affect day to day usage, the stuff people complain about is when it's running for a while (it's conservative atm so it leaks). Does that mean that the backend can be rewritten in D at some point? Speaking of which, there could be a standard D intermediate language (Or is there one? I've never at the glue code in between the frontend and backend/s) I think D will hit some sort of critical mass soon, probably through the form of a corporate sponsor ( a la google and Go). Obviously, it's entirely possible that D will indeed fade away, but that would be a real shame. The way D is designed is very holistic: the combination of ranges, UFCS and CTFE (and modules) all made me really hate using C++. I've ended up being more productive (even with toys that I never touch again) in D than with that dynamically typed languages like python and js. D's garbage collector is both written in D and entirely optional, that alone should qualify it as a systems language. The gc can be disabled with @nogc, the command line flags are only if you want to disable it for the whole program or if you want warnings as to where the allocations happen. https://godbolt.org/g/IQ0O06 Compiler backends are another topic that can really extends one's knowledge of their hardware. You end up having to learn a least a bit of every layer underneath your code e.g. ISAs, Calling Conventions and scheduling. Productivity. D is a very pragmatic systems language. C++ interop is basically unparalleled, UFCS makes writing libraries less traumatic and CTFE is just plain useful. On top of this, the type system is both concurrency aware and has the best generics I've ever used (Subjective as it gets, but that's my experience). If you want safety guarantees just tag a scope as @safe. Also, static reflection works really well. Compiles(with DMD, ldc and gdc are still fast but are not as fast) are fast and D is not really comparable with Go (For example). D is much more complex (and I my opinion simpler to write through said complexity, but obviously opinions differ), whereas Go is supposed to be simple to learn and implement. There are smart pointer libaries, and also implementing ref counting is much more straightforward than in C++ because the type system knows whether data is being shared or not. I should add that the GC actually works perfectly fine for normal work, it justs not up to the competition (Partly because of having to work with traditional dynamic memory). Full closures, function literals, delegates... Basically everything you'd expect. Better design choices or better design? D compile times alone are an advantage. I should probably point out that D can actually do some (More than anyone else) C++ interop. Appel's Modern compiler implementation in ML is really good, as both an introduction to compilers and some detail on implementing the runtime i.e. garbage collection. There are versions for C and Java, but ML is much easier to read in a book. If you want a (slightly ugly) encyclopedia of compiler optimisations and IR designs, then Steven Muchnick's Advanced compiler design and implementation is great. Also, on the functional front SPJ's book ( https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/the-imp... ) is really good. While unfinished, Write You a Haskell is also a really interesting read. Yeah. AFAIK The C version only exists because ML is too niche for mainstream publishing. ML actually works as decent pseudocode(Or at least easier to mentally transpile to other langauges, unlike e.g. Haskell) as well, so the C/Java versions are basically pointless. I think the idea of mixing between an interpreter to a Compiler (either or JIT) is a bit stupid. The only way to realistically be able to statically define an api boundary, then implement library-dependant static analysis inside the language. This is already possible with today's tools except that most languages can't guarantee compile time evaluation or provide enough static reflection. I'm assuming that by "scale the strictness", you don't mean optional lazyness? I found that, for someone with programming experience, the core LaTeX is quite easy to teach. I use it for all my school projects, and ShareLaTeX just works. I also managed to use it(Nothing Fancy) collaboratively with a friend of mine, with only ~5min introduction (Although I was sat next to him, so not quite the same as learning it alone). Questions: "Many optimisations that can really help high level managed languages like Kotlin simply don’t apply to C++": Which optimisations? "Larger code bloats downloads and uses more RAM, lowering cache utilisation". This depends on your definition of cache utilisation : The code gets compiled, regardless of whether it's AOT or JITed, therefore the cache gets used anyway? "You know, when we had our first C++ compiler, at AT&T, I compiled 'Hello World', and couldn't believe the size of the executable. 2.1MB" -- Barney Soupstuck, 1998 That's called profile-guided optimisation and most good optimising compilers do it. Not a particularly good example, however the JVM can do it in a slightly different way because doing PGO on every build/test or in the wild is prohibitively annoying (e.g. The JVM can do it for each time it runs, rather than when the compiler is told to) Not Rust's (Specifically). LLVM IR is actually quite high level as it is, so you can just use it as is. Compiler IRs are normally not that difficult to implement (Designing them is a whole different thing), so it wouldn't be (If a group of devs decided do it) that difficult to define IRs with lowering between each of them. After transforming into a (Approximately C level) IR (Like Cmm in Haskell), you can emit LLVM IR to handle code generation, Register Allocation, LTO etc. Quite a lot, or at least by proxy given that you would have to talk to library and compilers that are written in C++. However: Some libraries/packages do expose a C api, which you could use in a language assuming it had a decent FFI. A lot of major C++ projects use exceptions, which you will have to catch and handle inside of the C++ because even if C could catch exceptions, there is no guarantee of ABI compatibility. Some languages, I think D can do it, can catch an exception thrown in C++ code. You might have better luck integrating a standard data interface between the C++ and any other language: However, that could be a little slow. 1. They do make jokes about that. 2. It's not as funny as you suggest: The Poor voting for Trump is, depending on your own perspective, either pointless or tragic. I mean, what could be funnier than decades of crippling inequality? 3. "Colbert thinks he illuminates while he is really only promoting a different set of class values". That's rather vague, I think it's reasonable to say that we all do that whenever we talk about anything political. Why should he be decent ? Donald Trump is extremely unpopular https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ , with a congress passing unpopular legislation (e.g. the AHCA). So I think there is some statistical justification for the shear amount of "partisan jokes". NB: I do not think positively, in any way, of this administration: I'm probably (Maybe even provably) biased. I agree, some of the humour is pretty lazy and I think the well will dry up soon; then we'll be left with stuff like Jon Stewart used to make, John Oliver is now (Large policy based segments, with jokes) and presumably Colbert. I'm surprised that the US doesn't really have a show akin to spitting image (UK): It seems like a ripe time for a relativly personality free satire show (Unless I'm just blind and I've missed something). Wow, fancy that! He's left-wing, but not that kind of left winger (socialist) a la Corbyn. In principle I'd guess it'd work. I have absolutely no idea as to whether it does anything for people with actually illness, but I have a similar thing that (not sure how to word it) is very ?distracting? That's still not really unique to rust, D (at least) does that too. However, good point nonetheless. Spinal Tap Atlantic tour? I only read it for the TV guide! Sounds like you might like D (dlang.org). It does C better than C, has functional features without being as ridiculously complex as C++. The answer is fairly obvious: dlang is a nicer language, by design. Go isn't meant to be particularly impressive on the language design/innovation front. Is it worth pointing out that the compiler flags for the D program didn't use ldc's full optimisation settings? Namely, link time optimisation (But not sure if that would have helped here or not), cross module inlining (Possibly the same as before, but I know that this inlines parts of the runtime (AA implementation) and -O3 (As opposed to -O). I can only give my own biased opinion: Go's only advantage is it's commercial adoption e.g. builtin in support in AppEngine and co. I am not referring to it's ecosystem: While gofix and friends are very good, D has similar tools available + the usual bells and whistles for IDEs. By chance, I found (while looking for a rob pike quote) this article critiquing Go's design: It uses D to demonstrate it's arguments. http://nomad.so/2015/03/why-gos-design-is-a-disservice-to-in... D compile times are great for the reference compiler and ok for the other two. The GC is a bit of a mess, but still works well enough for most things thrown at it. D allows "manual management" C or C++ style (#include ). D's goto build system is called dub, it also handles packages hosted on dlang.org: I know no defects or problems with it, it's pretty good. Actually the standard libraries containers (In D) are fairly poor/ignored. Also concurrency in D is not traditional in the way you seem to imply: Immutability and message passing are the recommended way to do it, Fibers are also in the standard library. So, is go assembly the IR inside the Go compiler? The point here is that you can write both the python and the C version in the same language. Your C version, excluding the preprocessor, might already compile as a D program anyway. I hear people recommend smalltalk a lot, it sounds like a good teaching language. I found bruteforcing my way through assembly (On a little PIC) to be of great educational value: Small instruction set, complete control over the memory and you even get to flash some LEDs as well! If you want to teach Software Engineering (Real world stuff), I think teaching by getting people to do it themselves + being motivated to learn it. Giving a wirlwind tour of language design philosophies and implementations sounds like a good idea. This approach avoids too much focus on a single programming language: Therefore one can really compare the Pros and Cons of using Haskell/ML vs. C++. Read lots of Scott Meyers and force yourself to read STL code. Bjarnes books are good but a bit pricey so I'd avoid paying for them. If you can stomach learning to use it, although it's much simpler (IMO) at scale!, LaTeX is very nice. https://www.sharelatex.com/ is even nicer. emacs Kerbal Space Program is a game that we're quite lucky to have. No microtransactions, no DRM, just sciencey goodness. Except for those making it, who Squad apparently didn't bother paying anywhere near what they were worth. I got L&L classical mechanics when I was 14, immediately after reading Susskind's theoretical minimum + lots of much more advanced calculus books. I liked it: It took me a very long time to understand it (Below the surface), but I often go back to it as either a reference book or to remind me of just how terse textbooks can be. It would seem we've been able to see the real Nigel Farage, now that he has moved away. Rust? The D standard library's Algorithms and ranges are nice. Realistically, most production code for things people depend on is quite well done: e.g. LLVM is pretty easy to read. Opposite of this: STL implementations come to mind. Come on, it's not exactly difficult to read? If Knuth used loads of rare x64 instructions then I'd accept the premise, but this is( http://mmix.cs.hm.edu/doc/instructions-en.html ) is practically simple. Would this, or current technology, be fast enough to have a (professional grade) Oscilloscope as a PCIe card? It's my understanding (I don't work around top of the line so I'm probably wrong) that even the best scopes don't have particularly amazing interfacing with regular PCs because of low data bandwidth with their interfaces. This nearly makes me think of Al Franken's Supply Side Jesus. Why C++ doesn't have modules yet ;) Kerbal Space Program. Any Civ Game. I suspect that I'll be playing Fallout 4 for a while, even though it's really not that good: There's something distractingly immersive about wandering around the Commonwealth listening to the radio. Similarly, Skyrim. Is Go suitable for OS/Systems development? Inline Assembly would be nice to have. I'm guessing a project like this will need to implement the Go runtime given that (I'm assuming) it uses posix (Or windows etc.) system calls. D is a very nicely language for doing OOP in Are they using soft-cores on a fpga or actually synthesizing a design specific to one's go code? Am I blind or is is the website not very clear? One could also do this in D as well. it's not that impressive. Using C is just plain dumb these days. I would have thought that avoiding memory safety bugs is worth the price of some "hipsters". Edit: it would appear to be ironic just a prank bro Haskell is probably the worst teaching language I can think of (Of the set of languages that are considered good/production worthy) Steal a copy of a textbook on libgen then read it. Try the exercises, if you can't do them then find out what you need to learn. This certainly works for physics (Obviously don't start with a graduate QED textbook). http://abstract.ups.edu/download/aata-20160809.pdf try that for size. Another good resource, except for the latter parts only being obviously useful for physics: http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~gadda001/goodtheorist/primar... This ( http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~siegel/errata.shtml ) is a free (As in Beer and also possibly speech) field theory textbook. So far it's pretty good. I can't comment on the deeper parts of the book, because I don't get it yet (I don't really have the time atm to slog through a 900 page book, as much as I'd love to) Well I can program in assembler if that pleases you, oh blessed dmr prophet. C is simply not worth using unless you have to due to existing constraints etc. I'm interpreting "Teaching language" to be the first language students learn. How can one explain the need for monadic IO properly without explaining how regular printf and the like work. Also, Haskell is quite scary to the beginner (Although I personally find it much simpler/more consistent than the Java and C++) If it's (say) the third language they learn, then Haskell is absolutely perfect for the exact reason/s you have stated. Personally, I actually learnt Haskell by accident (Read SPJ's book about lazy functional language implementation, realized SPJ started Haskell then learnt more from there). I know that it's crazy I know that it's nowhere But there is no denying that It's hip to be square ? Yes, but the D community isn't structured enough to have such a specific goal. The main effort that I can think of is dip1008, which aims to add reference counted exceptions (Thus eliminating one of the few truly difficult things to get around, e.g. @nogc exceptions require user cooperation else memory gets leaked) Getting rid of the GC completely will never happen: It's too useful. Being able to not have to manually annotate memory lifetime (shared_ptr, unique_ptr) is very useful. I don't think having it done automatically in the compiler is ever going to happen (politically, rather than technically) No it does not. C++ templates mean matching the name mangling. That already works. Catching C++ exceptions is being worked on now. It is a clear alternative to C++. The GC is optional. Modules (Alone would be enough imo) If you want to allocate an object on the stack, then use std.conv : emplace and alloca. This( https://wiki.dlang.org/Memory_Management#Allocating_Class_In... ) method also exists but is on the road to deprecation This is being worked on, but there is already memory safety checks implemented in the compiler (That one can use now) "-dip1000" Code completion yes. (DCD provides this as a library). d-mode for emacs is nice, both of the plugins for vs-code I know work. There are plugins/extensions for (i think) xcode and (i know) Jetbrains's stuff (I don't use it so i can't really comment. Refactoring, no. Edit: There is also a D-specific IDE called coedit, which is pretty good AFAIK Some benchmarks favour LLVM, some favour GCC. Maybe he's not a man child, but what's his MO? His approval ratings are shite, so somethings not working No, they really are shite: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/... The only special election they should be disappointed about is georgia 6th. Many of the rest have been fairly encouraging, given that they have been competitive in red districts. When I say disappointed, I mean that they played up it's importance to a point where any result less than winning is a little embarrassing. https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/shite (It's British slang) Just how many nested templates are we talking about here? You can have that problem (obviously) with or without templates. Most sane template designs don't exist when the program is actually run (Debugging them when they don't work is another matter) That's because D's standard library doesn't use templates in the same way as the STL (No iterators, less policies). Also, D has is actually vaguely modern and has proper static reflection, static asserts and static if: Writing template constraints is easy, unlike C++ (even with Concepts/-lite) IMO, Go is not sane. Rust, however is great. Optimizing compilers are purely an implementation detail of a language: This shouldn't leak into the language (If that's what you meant) I was imagining direct language ties to (say) LLVM passes, and things like that. Designing the language around optimizability is a good thing, e.g. C++'s "as if" rule (in [intro.execution] in standards after C++11 (or near there)). Some of these options, which may or may not be used for optimization, can also be very useful for code quality/correctness: e.g. Language enforced purity (of functions) (in D) can be very useful for optimization (It's inferred in most compilers, but it can at least save a trip) and being able to trust (even a D function pointer) to be pure. That's the language design/philosophy, not specific details of how it was implemented. If you want to see one way of doing this, have a look at how D does it: The function mangling and v-table (for single inheritance) are matched between the two languages. How badly does the function pointer technique effect interprocedural optimization? Since LLVM would know the exact control flow it should be able to do the optimisations anyway? That match(int) technique seems naïve. How would you handle the function arguments/application. The size of the function would also, presumably, large enough to be either very bad for one's icache or requiring more optimisation, which on the assumption that my previous paragraph is correct would make this a wasted effort? Has this been profiled at all? wtf i love hash tables now! ;) The only type information I can think of is invariants from type definitions and their use (e.g. this ADT contains an Integer that is never less than 5). This information can be used to (say) constant fold branches. This information would have to be reinferred by the optimiser. However, I don't think this would do anything because AFAIK LLVM can already get infer this. This could give a speed boost: LLVM has llvm.assume with which one can annotate IR with, using this would mean that the optimizer doesn't have to infer this (and therefore save time). The GCC AST thing was due to politics inside GNU, not explicitly related to the GPL. The standard books (e.g. Engineering a compiler, or Appel's stuff) would be fine. I've never implemented a array language myself, but one way of doing this while minimizing cognitive overhead would be to lower it to more C-like IRs (Similar to how Haskell is compiled by GHC). The advantage here, would be that by the time the AST has been lowered into these IRs translating directly to LLVM IR would be mentally trivial. Whether this is worth doing or not, I have no idea. I'd have a look at some LLVM APL compilers and see how they do it. Are you implying writing one's own JIT? This would involve either writing a new LLVM backend or implementing the same optimizations. Easier to start with, yes: This doesn't really justify the design decision. (In short: Easier != Better) You could compile to C, then use Clang or GCC to compile to a final executable: This should, if possible, be avoided as it limits what you can (C is not a good IR for a compiler). I suspect this is what you meant by "use regular C as the VM". As these things go, LLVM is fairly sane/clean. The point of using LLVM would be to produce an optimized executable, rather than bytecode to be run on a VM. Also, LLVM is C++ (Complex C++, in fact). If you don't already, I thoroughly recommend reading about optimizing compilers work (It's either very useful or fascinating, depending on whether you're the kind of person to find this stuff interesting). Using LLVM is, after getting over the C++ build times, actually quite simple (Take a look at http://llvm.org/docs/tutorial/ ) If the compiler is fast enough, then one could make a REPL out of it (by modifying it slightly). LLVM also has interpreters. The trick would be finding a consistent way of representing high level state in the REPL (You can't just lob bits of LLVM IR together), unless you can manage without (of course). Googol, maybe. Modern compiler implementation in ML and Engineering a compiler are the two best all round books I've seen. The former also contains so useful information (not much, but useful) about implementation the runtime (e.g. Intro to garbage collection) Personally, I only find the backend (Optimization) interesting: Steven Muchnick's Advanced compiler design and implementation, is the only book that I know of that is mainly focused on optimization. It is literally a encyclopedia of optimizations. LLVM is a very interesting project when it comes to C++ style. It is very much modern C++, except that they implement quite a lot of stuff themselves (e.g. RTTI and dynamic_cast/dyn_cast). Certainly very well engineered, but I wonder whether some of the techniques are strictly necessary (It works well, so I'm not complaining) If your C-api throws and then doesn't handle exceptions, then it's not a C api, it just happens to use the C ABI. I said not handling the exception, not that one shouldn't use exceptions. Handling, here, could also mean using callbacks so the C code (using the api) can customize things. If you expose a C api, using C++ code that involves exceptions, then the exceptions should all be handled (caught) inside the C++ code. This means that should the runtime start unwinding, it will not terminate the program. I can't really comment on the GCC windows stuff: I do software on Linux, and if I'm on windows then I use VC++ (Or a good programming instead e.g. F#/C# usually). VC++ is modern enough, so the above issue don't even apply very much. C++ works(TM) with exceptions, AFAIK the vast majority of the ecosystem would use them (Some people e.g. Google and Qt, can't due to existing code). RAII is only really intended to work with exceptions (No return values from constructors, unless! you bodge your own (which you could do, if you were a big organisation)) Edit: Just checked, SEH has been in GCC (64bit) since ~4.8 These parts are true of D, and C++. IMO Rust's only true advantage over it's direct "competitors" is it's safety guarantees. With the possible exception of the GC, d(lang) fits those parameters. Including optional lazyness, performance etc. Pug templates( https://pugjs.org/api/getting-started.html ) are fairly nice. The main dlang web framework, vibe.d, uses a 1:1 copy called "diet" templates (You can insert D code to be run on the server, with the arguments given to the HTTP request/response). This works very well IMO, mainly because D is a very good programming language, so you can mix very fast / expressive D code with your regular JS for client side work. To someone with knowledge of the law regarding this stuff - Would features like these be patentable? Can I have a D style: "Your text here".writeln; UFCS. Also found in D. And, frustratingly, did not get past the C++ committee. Well, the works already been done so I don't care that much about language at this point. D did surprisingly well, methinks: Two places below Rust is odd, considering the vast chasm in (online: reddit/HN) mindshare between the two. What is the definition of enterprise here? Matlab seems a bit too high up, or is there a use for Matlab that I'm not aware of? Weston-super-mud (Weston-super-mare has mudflats) Dull - twinned with Boring, Oregon - can be found in scotland. My connection is too poor to actually read the article: Can it generate welsh (Compound? Not sure) names like the classic "llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch" That isn't really true. There are clear differences in semantics between most programming languages. C is not just a different syntax over assembly: It has a type system, and obviously restricts what you can do (e.g. C abstracts over the registers) A higher level language can be translated to a lower level one, (hence why Haskell can exist), but saying it's a purely syntactic transformation is extremely reductive. Taking market share from Google based on search alone would require something even more revolutionary than what google brought to the table x-years ago. Also, don't google have loads more ranking algorithms than just pagerank? Umm, I know how compilers work. C is compiled to still compiles to assembly, but usually (GCC) your compiler driver handles assembling, linking etc. Haskell is translated to core (basically a simplification of a small subset of Haskell), then the STG(The abstract machine, spinless-tagless-Gmachine) then Cmm (Basically unsafe C) then LLVM. The machine code can still be basically functional. GHC doesn't use any mutable data unless you tell it to, it generates and then immediately collects garbage rather than reuse mutable memory. You can have mutable data in Haskell, obviously. Why kill it though? If they were going to replace it with something good enough to challenge Adobe (pls do, they need some competition) then sure. Paint can't need that many maintainers? Alexandrescu's Modern C++ design taught me how to template properly. Also, Scott Meyers's books were very helpful. The design of the D standard library has also been very influential on my code (Mainly convincing me of the benefits of ranges over iterator) "Is it a boy or a girl?", mathematician replies "Yes" ? One can also just static assert with a ctfe-able message. For reference: In D, you could just take a HTML parser then run it at compile time without writing any new code. Yes. pragmas, static asserts There is no macro needed here. You just write the code, then execute it at compile time. This is designed properly, it's not any where near as hacky as C++'s constexpr > Writing in languages with a GC is quite cumbersome. On the contrary, the GC simplifies program for the vast majority of use cases. If it becomes a problem, then don't use it. > And at the same time you loose valuable constructs such as RAII. Forgive me for being argumentative, but have you looked at the D website? D has RAII, as advertised on the website homepage. You can already write C++ in D, all the features are there. On top of this, you get features that C++ should have had years ago for free: Static Reflection, UFCS (Less boilerplate), Meta-Programming that isn't a hack and lots of static guarantees (Purity, GC usage etc). The standard library could have been implemented completely without the GC, but the GC makes programming simpler so it's not worth it. Practically, this may be a problem, but it's a little unfair to compare to use this against D (only the language) given that Phobos is not standardized in the same way that the C++ Standard Library. In a very specific way (May or may not be good in your opinion), I think D is closer to C++ than Rust is: D maintains the basic idea of C++ e.g. Syntax + semantics are still C based, the type system is less complex than that of Rust. However, Rust has better static safety guarantees than D. D's system is still being developed, although does already offer much more than C++. Opinions of this differ, see C++ templates etc: Simplistically, this now makes it easier for code to get very complex (a la C++ templates). The question is, should this be in the hands of the language designers or the users of said language? D's GC is designed in such a way that's it's very easy to avoid. It only operates when allocating, if you want it to not collect from a thread just disconnect that thread from the runtime. Using a GC does not constitute not worrying about memory! There is no official way to use D; the only real problem with not using the GC now is safety (Exceptions pass pointers and can therefore leak across library boundaries). If I had an infinite amount of time, I would write a much higher level equivalent of LLVM. Specifically, I would spend time investigating ways to easily generate code generators from specifications. I'm also very interested to see how things like theorem provers can be used inside compilers. If I could be bothered, I would write a really detailed political simulator a la Democracy but with much more detail and elections. Aye I'm sure someone has. If I was interested enough I supposed I could over a sufficiently long length of time? I do love reading Knuth, but I struggle with sticking with single books/topics for long lengths of time so I doubt I could keep it up for all the volumes. Indeed. Any other than complete transparency in matters like this just weakens the verdict. IMO, at least. The amount of RAM that some programs use these days still makes me sad. At a glance, you could make a very unsafe not-really C without too much thought. I probably wouldn't make it too C like, just so I could avoid worrying about parsing etc. As to type systems, that's a completely different can of worms (One which I do not have much expertise in). Type systems can range from the simple e.g C to the formal study of type systems (e.g. Hindley-Milner). Personally, I don't really know the formal side very well (I can't recall details from memory the same way I can with (say) Lagrangian mechanics), so I can't recommend one particular book. dlang.org? :) You can write (compiler enforced) pure functional code, and the standard library is somewhat monadic. Comparisons with rail are probably poor. While rail was nationalized, usage fell, as soon as rail was privatised again in the 90s usage has increased back up at a trend almost perpendicular to that seen when nationalised. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rail_transport_in_Great_Britai... ?? As do literally tens of millions of people in the UK. > NHS costs less than half the cost of the American system for similar outcomes and it worked really really well when funded at the level of other European countries under the last Labour government. [Citation needed (for "similar outcomes")]. The NHS has always been cost efficient but fairly bad when it comes to outcome. Privatization has always been an incredibly overloaded term when it comes to the NHS. No party is proposing getting rid of state healthcare. The left wing argument against markets in general even interacting with the NHS is usually along the lines of [I don't want those fat cats profiting off peoples health]. This makes me wonder: As long as the care is universal and free, who cares how it's delivered. I feel the best pro-"privatisation" argument is found in the Liberal Democrat Orange Book. Could be done, although it would have to be done carefully. I'm guessing there are companies that will test chips according to their data sheets for you? The two are clearly not mutually exclusive. The standard library, IMO of course, is already structured in such a way that it can be used in a very high level way. The D standard library is generally designed to generic code: you often aren't supposed to see the type returned by a function. Also, you can use auto too + Template constraints would help you here. Which country would that be? I don't particularly care if more people use it: Their loss, not mine. If you don't want your kids using it, education rather than (attempts to bring about) eradication. Do you mean legal/prescription opioids (Access is hardly unrestrained for (say) heroin). Psilocybin is rated "low" for dependance liability, heroin is ranked "very high". Are they (perhaps psychedelics in general) even that dangerous. In the UK, LSD is a Class A drug despite it being responsible for (at a glance) 3 deaths in about 20 years. That's my 2cents. I've never used it myself, but Richard Muller's Berkely Earth project publish their datasets online. > And when it comes to Facebook, I mean, we can't split this up like we did with Standard Oil. People want to be connected. Hence, email? It can be done. Interesting, you sound very strange. I am not a lawyer, so all ideas from here on are probably wrong either because of something obvious or because of some common law ruling. In the UK, Prostitution is not illegal, but running a brothel/pimping is illegal. Therefore, I think a sufficiently, generic service might be able to operate in the UK (If it were done on the basis of one prostitute operating their own shop - so to speak). This is of course dependent on whether it is illegal to pimp out oneself. Not being a lawyer, however, I don't know whether whether an implication of prostitution (even if the service were generic) would be sufficient to prosecute on grounds of pimping/running an e-brothel. I think the nanopass concept - e.g. lots of well defined IRs passing through a pipeline - is a very good idea for teaching, but I'm interested to see how well it performs and also whether, from the programmers perspective, whether this simplifies code or adds unneeded complexity (Specifically, whether they can be optimized quite as well as a big monolithic compiler). I'm currently writing a compiler framework - nothing big, as a learning project, and I think I shall try integrate this idea in some way. I feel it would be particularly useful for compiler backends like GCC or LLVM because having well defined pipelines etc. means that one can hook into the framework cleanly (Potentially a huge saving in compile times, e.g. not having to cart around unneeded libraries/symbols). I can't think of any reason to contradict that as a abstract description of a compiler, although the standard - Practical? - definition of a compiler is probably the more useful of the two. Graph rewriting is probably a little bit niche, e.g. AFAIK most compilers don't describe what they do as graph rewriting. Perhaps because many compilers do a lot of their work on linear data structures (which are part of a larger graph) like Basic Blocks. Perhaps taxing water use rather than water bills? Presumably that would force the agricultural market/s to adapt due to increased operating costs. Posts like these just remind me to get my blog going and get my compiler open sourced before I'm 17. I need to find a way of converting somewhat obscure knowledge about into money :) I think a lot of university level courses are actually significantly easier to understand than things aimed at 14-16 year olds (at least where I live, in the UK) If you care and you have enough time, you basically learn anything (in my opinion). Give your kids the right things to play with and they will follow (so to speak). Basically don't force them to do anything, just nudge them in the right direction. That's definitely true, but I meant actual university courses e.g. CLRS. Some University grade literature, mostly in CS, of STEM subjects is almost non-mathematical e.g. A. Tannenbaum's OS book/s and S. Muchnick's compiler are both mostly mathematics free. One can find very nice, textbook quality, lecture notes for free all of the web too ( http://michaelnielsen.org/blog/yang_mills.pdf for example). Well, Elon Musk is so wealthy has no excuse for not being (or at least looking) productive. Danke Those LLD benchmarks are looking very impressive! Well done to all involved. AFAIK GNU foundation won't use github because its not totally free software. github isn't open source. Well, the AVR backend is being actively developed, I have no idea how good it is. (Although some tooling for embedded systems is rather poor, so one would imagine that LLVM with the right heuristics couldn't do badly). rustc is apparently ( https://github.com/rust-embedded/rfcs/issues/3 ) not far of it being usable. However, I don't regularly write code for uC-ers - and when I do, it's usually simple enough to be in assembly - so I can't really say anymore than that. IIRC the above link was the frontpage not that long ago. Very interesting In my experience there are (I don't know how many) some programmers who, given how they were taught/learnt, can do productive work but generally don't know computing/programming in the abstract e.g. Memory at the machine level, or type systems. I have my doubts that Bernie would have won the primaries even if he was the one being helped. He ended up losing by 3.7e6 votes. Or just abstract over both of them? For some cases that would make transitioning between the two, and profiling them, very easy. How does that compare to selling the excess power then putting the money into a (let's say) index fund? I have no data right now, so I don't have the answer. Physics: http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~gadda001/goodtheorist/index.... This is free lecture notes online, but are best complemented with a textbook. Volunteer for a local charity that needs your help? Contribute to the (standard, maybe) library you like the most? I can't read chinese: What kind of data do they have there? Bjarne himself has written/spoke about that era quite a lot, I can't direct you into anything specific but he usually weaves a lot of tidbits from the past into his talks. Doing OOO optimizations in the compiler (Same applies for VLIW etc.) generally requires the ISA to expose its's pipeline to the compiler: This is a complete paradigm shift from current architecture. Also, special invariants are sometimes needed/helpful to avoid data hazards/simplify data dependencies: e.g. the Mill cpu effectively has no general purpose registers, but an FILO stack of immutable items (This guarantees SSA on the data the cpu is operating on). VLIW is uncommon outside of DSPs. Manually written parsers allow the programmers to have better control over error handling, error messages, and the overall architecture of the parser. Parser generators exist, and are used all over the place, but they aren't without their flaws. RIP John Clarke :( "The road to reality" by Roger Penrose is the only book I can think of that contains stuff like that without calculations etc. It contains a huge amount of content, and becomes better and better the more of the physics you read about in detail elsewhere. I can't help but feel that "Gluon" is only going to conflict with Gluons (The Bosonic particle) AFAIK There isn't a huge amount of literature on the subject, in part because of the lack of unification or underlying structure of the field. On the local level, there is very little expertise or time to fine tune strategy, so a plug-and-chug style of campaigning is used: In the UK this can mean - from my experience volunteering during an GE campaign - delivering letters to everyone in a constituency. Many people working for political campaigns have blogs, which could be useful for you. For more holistic treatments, one assumes that academic research (e.g. Papers analysing nationwide strategy) may be a good place to look: As to specific (say) Journals, I don't know. I feel that the way this is implemented in the D programming language is more natural (Subjective, of course): https://tour.dlang.org/tour/en/gems/scope-guards Although this approach would probably not work like this in Go given Go's lack of exceptions. > In terms of understanding of electric phenomena, its difficult to point at another with a similar level of understanding (or at least productive understanding). Maxwell? Faraday? Heaviside? etc. Or are we explicitly talking circuits? Has any wearable succeeded yet? Beyond the obvious ones like earbuds, the smart watch? If they were cheaper, I might've got some (Or something slightly similar). I like documenting things with video, then deciding what to keep later. Better healthcare outcomes? I think you mean access: For example, the NHS looks very good until you realise that the rankings include access; Based on case-by-case outcome alone, it ranks relatively poorly - certainly less than most people would guess. The US government spends about the same on healthcare as others do, the difference is in the amount of private healthcare spending. The stuff that is guaranteed to work is already documented on dlang.org. However, there has been more work done than was - I haven't checked in weeks - documented e.g. dmd can apparently catch C++ exceptions (but not in release) so the documentation does not mention this. Apparently not? I imagine it would have to be replicated by someone else. One also assumes that the volume of training data - I don't actually know - is not insignificant! Uncompressed, that's still quite a lot of data - perhaps not relative to other ML projects, but still. I can't help but feel that the only "unhackable" computer is one without powers that's been recently introduced to a sledgehammer. Besides, if you wanted to hack some sort of computer system: Wouldn't you just take someone's children and do unspeakable things to them until someone cracks, that seems less more straightforward - certainly more reliable than depending on the intellect of an engineer ("hacker"). How long is long here? > If I invented a cheap machine that did all your housework and fixed your car for free, GDP would fall. If we take "free" to mean something along the lines of [Negligible compared to current cost] - i.e. no free lunch: Is it not the case that this has already happened, at least in terms of technological advance (of a similar magnitude), and overall GDP has not fallen. Or, by GDP falling, do you mean in ideal conditions where nothing else changes (i.e. All other variables held constant)? eh, it's not Haskell (or even D for that matter) but C++ has come a long way in the last few years. "Do The Right Thing And Measure It": words to live by. This article has also reminded me of just how painful the main GCC codebase is. If you have a choice: Use LLVM for your compiler-hacking. Some sort of jailbreaking/software modification (haven't done this in years, not really sure if it's possible?) could allow you to do what you were trying to do in the first place? The amount of tutting that would induce on the tube would be a sight to see. I think Haskell is full of good ideas waiting to be reused in a successor language, with a focus on software engineering as well as just purity (Multiple senses of the term!) and rigour in abstraction. The ideas are sound - When I write pseudo"Haskell" in other languages (Especially those with enforced purity), the rewards are fairly good for relatively little extra work - but Haskell (The language) is, even putting nicely, rough around the edges. Feynman lectures -> Landau Lifshitz, when you can make the jump. This will show you how to do the physics, then (Landau Lifshitz) show you how to reformulate this physics (again, it is actually in the feynman lectures too) in the terms we use in modern physics (Variational methods etc.) I find this is more of a distraction than abstraction at the moment, to be honest. How would this approach generalize to more modern physics? The first L&L book is what I'm thinking of: It's actually pretty manageable. I'm talking out of my ass beyond here in the series, I don't have any others in physical form so I've read bits of QM and The classical theory of fields The downside to them is that they don't come into contact with the "mathematical" physics side e.g. Treatment of Lagrangian/Hamiltonian formalism through differential geometry. GCC IR is not C