Respectfully, what is the benefit to recording your notes and ideas on paper, and using paper at interviews, instead of using txt files in the dropbox folder of the always-connected smartphone in your pocket? The 'Pi itself is exciting, but more exciting will be seeing what everyone makes with them. I hope to read your posts about what you've built! Looking at the comments to their FAQ - http://www.raspberrypi.org/faqs#comment-3239 - reselling devices based on the Raspberry Pi is OK. Instead of just complaining about the problem, let's help ourselves to read it and support non-paywalling sources. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-20/32-000-year-old-pla... Not sure about the average investor, but some people believe the Google Chef contributed to their early days. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3223595 I'm used to upgrading processors and other components every 2 years or so. The nature of the physical device space we're entering means now we have to replace the screen and plastic case every 2 years as well. And the app can pop up on the Amazon market or other markets, not to mention that you can download and install .apk files directly to your Android. The apk you are looking for is One Bus Away. It does this for Seattle only. When I heard Reddit planning to build a low-orbit network, I realized they were going to build the "outernet". This is another stab in the same direction, and I would be surprised if the 2 forces didn't join. This airborne/orbital network, combined with the "innernet" TOR, will allow for the future of the unregulated internet. The original internet will become the walled garden that half of humanity wants to live within. Those of us in the other half will have our free innernet and outernet. HTC is adding the Beats DSP, Dropbox integration, a streaming music service, and LogMeIn remote phone access to Sense. I'm not a professional chef, I'm a sysadmin. Cooking isn't part of my job description. I don't want to be forced to eat food prepared by people who don't have food handlers' cards, and I don't want my coworkers to feel hurt because I don't want to eat what they cooked and left in their car. Want to improve morale and do teambuilding? Get a cater, or go somewhere for lunch. Are you proposing TPB creates an Android app to host their magnet links, from a phone attached to a Romotive, broadcasting wifi, powered by several means (induction, solar, etc)? The biggest issue I see is random hackers ordering a taco then putting a "TPB Transponder[1]" on several of these. The tacocopter then does double duty as an airborne server. [1] Theoretical easy-to-deploy Android or Raspberry Pi-sized wifi-broadcasting device, to broadcast TPB magnet links. "in fact, if someone else DOES stumble on it by accident, it should be considered de facto evidence that the patent isn't novel." You have industry support for this idea: “The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying.” ― John Carmack I went paperless in college a few years ago. The most difficult part was transitioning - scanning mountains of documents and several books takes hours and days, even with a fast PC and very good scanner. College was an uphill battle to remain paperless, as classes bombard one with paper schoolwork, documentation, handouts, notes, etc. Since you aren't looking to completely remove paper from your life, it should be a much easier transition. You would rather nag and hassle your forgetful friends to pay you back, instead of sending them a little message with an easy-to-pay link? The window for Desktop Linux has closed. The age of the desktop is ending; smartphones and tablets satisfy the computing needs of many people, and more app markets and low-cost devices will only increase this. Non-paywalled article: http://mobile.seattletimes.com/story/today/2017878041 This sounds like typical business and economics in action. One company is selling a comparable product for less than their competitor. What's the story here? Piracy addicts are less likely to steal physical items which can be fenced to feed their piracy addiction. I was going to make this exact post. I realized that: 1. a lot of this is handled by APIs 2. we still have to deal with hardware issues, such as having the correct video driver and a correctly configured OS to play non-casual videogames. Some programs refuse to work with certain hardware, like Dungeon Master 2 not running with Creative sound cards. A troll or something near Mount Rainier: http://maps.google.com/maps?q=47.04299,-122.051239&hl=en... In the US, each state hosts its own lottery program. Mega Millions and Powerball are programs where states have teamed up to pool their resources and gambling markets. I've sold Washington State's "lotto" tickets, and you're entirely correct about the reliability of the system - if the device can't connect to servers in Olympia, tickets can't be sold. CCTV is up to the retailers here, though it's entirely possible that CCTV is a requirement to be an eligible lottery vendor. Who decides what religion is? Who decides what speech is? Who decides who the press are? Who determines peaceful assembly vs riotous mob behavior? Who determines the processes by which we can petition our government and the process' effectiveness? At best, these are all still grey areas we've been trying to nail down since before these words were written. Will he fight the conversion of ingame currency to real-world currency, or will he take the Second Life route? So exciting! Will players have to maintain multiple accounts just to remain competitive, as in EVE? Someone will have to make and sell a 16-bit "minesweeper" to play while mining. What will the first computer virus do? Will there be "actual" viruses? Can we convince Notch to let our characters get Space Flu? Can it please be "EVE-craft"? If it were just "Minecraft in space" on the EVE scope? Go mine iron to craft parts for your spaceship! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_Whys Wholeheartedly agreed. We've gone from killing each other over hair and skin color, to arguing about them in committee. What would it take for the average i5 or i7 to virtualize a 16bit processor? Could it run on a separate thread from the main game? Could you run part of your MMO server work as a distributed-computing setup on client PCs? (but how would you get that working in real time?) Maybe the players that are online at a particular time could be doing some of the extra processing - the game client could run 1 or 2 extra 16-bit virtualizers in the background, along with the virtualizer for the player's own 16-bit cpu and the game thread. So 4 threads running on 4 separate cores. Open Signal Maps allows you to find your cell tower on a Google Map. I believe it gives you that information too. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.staircase3... This would be a good foreword to an introduction to computer messaging security, for those who are unaware of encryption or proxies. It may be too basic for most users of this site to find it useful. This article is very light on details; the list of the top 20, and the contributions that got Microsoft on the list, are not presented. The included video is a shiny animation on how contributing to a FOSS project works. The unhelpful answer is that this is an unfortunate possibility when building your business on top of another business. IANAL; have you looked down any legal avenues? Reminds me of the "Replicators" from Stargate SG1 - small modular blocks that magnetically join to form robots of varying size and ability. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Replicator_(Stargate) > "No car manufacturer may send a car without a seatbelt into the streets. And if this happens, the company will be held liable for any damage. These rules must also apply in the virtual world" she added. The difference here is who the law applies to. This is more like arresting people with the tools to remove airbags from cars. True, carrying lock-picking tools is illegal in many places, but the act of picking locks isn't always illegal when performed by a locksmith. Tablets and phones currently have very good passive touchscreens. The problem with using syluses (stylii?) is these touchscreens really weren't designed for them. Adding an active touchscreen would probably remediate these issues, but maybe that would make phones too big, and reduce battery life. Active styluses pick up and refocus radiation from the screen, powered in a similar way to RFID chips. Maybe instead of providing input through the touchscreen, the stylus could have a tiny digital camera on its tip, detecting which pixel the stylus is on, and sending that info to the phone through Bluetooth or another means? Perhaps the algorithms that handle touchscreen input are not properly calibrated to styluses, and an app or driver could make them operate more accurately? ------- The best stylus experience I've used has been a Wacom dual active/passive screen on an HP tablet/laptop convertible. I had a nearly identical laptop with a passive-only touchscreen, adding the active touchscreen made all of the difference. On Windows 7 in Word, taking notes in economics and college math courses worked pretty well - I could type and take notes, then draw equations and graphs directly with the ink and review tools in Word. The use case was so valuable to me that I'm surprised nobody else did this, and other Office suites don't seem to offer anything even remotely similar. You're in a rough spot in your life. You have my sympathies. Your situation won't change overnight, but you can begin by finding a low-skill job that will pay for your basic needs (food and shelter) while you use free internet in libraries or from neighbors to put your code on github and other places. If you enjoy coding, start creating projects. Then start completing projects. Consider one of the million "fart" apps: the app itself is far from glamorous, but the person who wrote it has gained experience in (1) writing an app, (2) completing an app, (3) getting the app into an app market. If you keep doing that, and have 5-20 apps on a market, even if none of them are very popular, it looks a LOT like experience. IANAL, but it sounds like Facebook's own TOS require them to close the account of users who have given away their password, whether to an employer, spouse, friend, or anyone else. Obviously Facebook would be killing its' advertising profits with that course of action, given the number of accounts that would purportedly need to be closed. Asking for access to a prospective employee's Facebook seems like asking for access to their car trunk or their home bathroom. Why don't companies try this? Is your Facebook account your personal property? What about your information after you've placed it on Facebook? Yes, that is the money! The stylus looks exactly like the stylus from the HP tx2500 I owned. I don't actually know how large Wacom's technology is nor how much power it draws - I assumed phone manufacturers weren't including the best touchscreen technology for a good reason. Converting TOR packets into Skype-shaped UDP packets is an interesting idea. What does this do to latency? (isn't it a bad idea in general to run TCP over UDP?) Now that everyone will be eyeing Skype packets even more closely, which Internet services will TOR mimic next? It's good to see Notch working on the Little Coder problem, even if that's not his direct intention. :) The novelness lies in the lack of polish. People who work in advertising like ads, and well-polished ads are more pleasing to their eyes. To the rest of us, advertisements are used as something we don't want to see, but are willing to see, in order to see something we DO want to see. Many of us can pick out the disparity between the polished, targeted ads and the less-focused content it intersperses. Exactly. How much of your time is $10 worth? You can get 50gb a month for that. http://www.udel.edu/udaily/2012/apr/solar-reactor-040312.htm... "The reactor, which resembles a large cylinder, is comprised of layers of advanced, ultra-high temperature insulation and ceramic materials. It measures roughly 2 feet by 3 feet and weighs a hefty 1,750 pounds. The conical geometry of the reactor’ design uses gravity to feed zinc oxide powder (the reactant) into the system through 15 hoppers.." (From TFA) "...where it converts to a zinc vapor. At that point the vapor is reacted with water separately, which in turn produces hydrogen." (Linked article) "During testing, light concentrated to simulate the energy of 10,000 suns will be focused down into the reactor, sending the temperature within soaring to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit, nearly one-third the temperature of the sun’s surface." ... One interesting feature of the reactor is that, in theory, the zinc oxide byproduct created during the reaction will be re-usable, making the project self-sustaining." This is a ceramic furnace as large as a washing machine, as heavy as a Honda Civic, that needs to be 6 times hotter inside than their home stove/oven/range, and the fuel (ZnO) is safe to eat in small quantities (breakfast cereal) but is toxic(?) to breathe. I'm having trouble seeing why it would take long for a startup to start baking the clay for one of these in every home. Exactly. Remember the 64kb video demos from 2004? http://www.theproduct.de/ While the goal of the project was to create a 100% renewable energy source based on sunlight, another energy source could probably be used. So the concern here is that crowdfunding sites will allow scammers to sell shares of nonexistant companies to average people? It sounds like the biggest worry is that us "average" earners (under 100k annual income or net worth) have never purchased corporate shares, and are more likely to get scammed. This is based on a report from the 1970s, and it assumes continued population growth. We've been watching our population growth decline for years, and now we're seeing human energy usage begin to decline as well from economies of energy efficiency. How would you feel about sleeping on a sunken bed, which would be under a removable section of floor during the day? The influence of the mainstream media is waning. All they do is gather information into a centralized location, editorialize, and distribute the information. How much longer will people listen to them instead of their friends on Twitter? This is a short review of 4 touchscreen PCs (Samsung Series 7 Slate, Lenovo X220 Tablet Convertible, Sony Vaio L Series all-in-one, HP Touchsmart 610) running Windows 8. The included photos are merely art and have no coordination with the article. What's this VPPA? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_Privacy_Protection_Act The Video Privacy Protection Act (VPPA) was a bill passed by the United States Congress in 1988. Congress passed the VPPA after Robert Bork's video rental history was published during his Supreme Court nomination. It makes any "video tape service provider" that discloses rental information outside the ordinary course of business liable for up to $2500 in actual damages. (Covers DVD rentals too, and apparently paid-for streaming content.) Wow, never heard of that law before... TFA may be too specific for the interests of this audience. Thanks for documenting this with good screenshots. All Sharepoint Online users have to be authenticated, and using one logon for more than one user isn't allowed. You might have more luck with the free Sharepoint Foundation server. Sorry, but I'm not interested in putting my GV creds into a website I haven't seen before and trust it to configure my Outlook. We draw our names in functionally illegible ways on legal documents as authentication, even though we've known it's a broken system for hundreds of years. Part of the problem is that checks became "free" some years ago but all other alternatives charge fees. Rent is one of the biggest demands for checks, as most landlords don't want to pay Visa or Mastercard (or Paypal or Square or Mint) a percentage of thousands of dollars a month. Or go the DIY route and paint over or sand off the letters on your $5 keyboard :D Strangely this reads like an advertisement. The author begins by describing his mobile-contract insecurities, then brings up bad customer service he's endured. The article continues to state that all mobile carriers have equally bad customer service, and wraps up with a shining review of the only company deemed to be different. Doping is the intentional adding of impurities. Maybe phosphorous could be added among the carbon molecules in the diamond, similar to how silicon is doped with phosphorous to make a better semiconductor. Maybe nitrogen or oxygen would be a better choice, for the similarity in molecule size - they wouldn't disrupt the diamond's carbon lattice structure as much. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-type_semiconductor Thanks for the clarification. Maybe I'm too used to being just a number to my phone company, like a form of learned helplessness. Signature forging has been an ignored issue for ages. In the US, most banks will subsidize the $15-ish for a box of checks out of the interest earned from the money in your account. Likewise, paying the payee is also subsidized by the interest you don't receive. So Americans see checks as a way to move money without fees. Check fraud is still a big issue, and I'm very surprised that no other payment processing company has figured out how to hide fees from customers in unpaid interest. You're right it wouldn't I can't downvote yet, but upvoting something because I was trying to scroll irks me. How many developers are willing to create and upload 3 different versions of their app? I seem to remember reading a thread here on HN complaining about that... Would Apple allow an app maker to release their app for only newer iPads and iPhones, and not for the older devices? (I have no idea...) For some people, it's "another CPU I can write a compiler for". For others, we love playing Minecraft and are excited for Notch's next game. Still other people are intrigued by the complex gameplay Notch has described and have confidence from the success of Minecraft. And others will find it evidence of the further sub-redditing of HN. I was looking for Microsoft's Office 365 logo by searching on "We're all in" Bing couldn't find it. Google had it as the first result. shrug Greyhound is cheaper and faster from Seattle to LA than Amtrak. Greyhound is cheaper and faster from Seattle to LA than Amtrak. TFA is basically telling us that the route to success in life is to turn off one's home internet service so he or she could live as Americans did in 1985; purporting that way of life to be superior in some way because the occupations of time used several physical items instead of just a computing device. . If you want to read a book, you take a book, open it, and begin reading. . If you're still having trouble reading it, maybe you don't actually want to read it as much as you are telling yourself you do. Be honest with yourself, listen to yourself, and don't force yourself to be something you're not. If you can't find some psychological lever to help you begin learning to code, or learn French, or to stop playing WOW - something important in your life which makes you want to do this - maybe you should step back and reexamine your life and priorities. . Reading a book shouldn't drain one's willpower; if it is you're doing it wrong. Vulture Capitalism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Running_gag You make a great point: Mobile carriers could differentiate themselves from other wireless providers (such as Clearwire in the US) or from each other, by accelerating VOIP traffic instead of degrading it. HTTP degradation could automatically adjust on an overloaded node to make room for VOIP. Imagine NASCAR with these batteries - Cars covered in solar panels. Drivers carefully timing their recharge pitstops to keep their weight down. Every fan in the stands has a big reflector to reflect sunlight at their favorite car. >Interested in writing a book, indeed... The author makes a big point about NEW hardware being dumped, but fails to deliver. This looks like numerous companies bought HP hardware over the past 10 years, and have been tossing it here as they upgrade. The HP drives look older to me - one is a 146GB 10K Fibre-channel drive that Amazon doesn't sell anymore. One of the labels shows "Tested Jul '05". The other is a 72GB 15k Wide Ultra320 SCSI. The monitor is a 14.1" WXGA, which looks to max out at 1366x768. The label shows "Date of receipt: 10-May-10" The crop of the 3rd barcode is very blurry, I couldn't figure out what was in it. Apparently they're supposed to be Samsung-branded, but the box isn't branded at all. (other than mentioning Korean assembly) The next 2 images are really trying hard - one is the AMD-labelled PCB for an AMD/ATI Radeon, and the other is its ATI-branded heatsink. The author tries to grow his list of offending brands by including both of this company's brands. You can find one for sale on Ebay. ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/ATI-Radeon-Graphics-Card-Model-B403-... ) Apparently Panasonic Aviation is part of Panasonic. ( http://www.mascorp.com/ ) Still, the pink label in the photo notes the manufacture date as "28 Feb 06". Our society will crumble due to porn, because easy access to satiation has rewired the male brain to be addicted to quick arousal, to binge and purge, to be numb to pleasure, eventually leading to an erosion of willpower. We can prove this by comparing brain scans of people addicted to various things, noting that porn watchers were among them. Additionally, ED has become an increasing issue not due to increasing obesity or health problems, but a numbed brain. Here are a few comments from people with addictive personalities about how purging porn from their life has made them feel better. Oh, and ED only happens in houses with high-speed internet. How would Coca-Cola respond to a writer asking about all their cans in landfills? How morally responsible should a company be for what their customers do with purchased merchandise? Washington State offers free e-cycling: http://www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/swfa/eproductrecycle/ I'd add Weighty Words - fun stories that make large words like "abasement" and "ingratiate" accessible to 12-year olds http://www.amazon.com/Weighty-Word-Book-Paul-Levitt/dp/08263... Does anyone else get the "Access Restricted: you're botnet infected" page? Running virus scan... sigh This app looks to be a must-have for those paranoid about EM radiation causing cancer. The rest of us can sleep easy knowing nobody's yet been diagnosed with EM-caused cancer. The Cnet article has actual references to the rumor origins: http://news.cnet.com/8301-10805_3-57422061-75/is-microsofts-... ------- Edit: The rumors seem to be the confluence of a few data points: 1. Microsoft just sold 750 AOL patents to Facebook. 2. Microsoft execs contacted Facebook last year about buying Bing. 3. Yahoo is rumored to be negotiating a switch from Bing to Google. [1] [1] http://blog.ineedhits.com/search-news/rumours-surface-that-y... If you have to ask, then the answer is no. If you know the answer is yes, then the answer is yes. The news media is obviously trying to fan the controversy, as that's their business model. Hopefully the almost-visible flickering in movies at theaters will disappear when we switch to higher framerates. "You can not get a more genuine, realistic viewing experience than this unless you are watching a performance live," wrote About.com's Rebecca Murray, though she noted that it takes your eyes a moment to adjust. "You're right there and it's breathtaking," noted Hollywood Elsewhere's Jeff Wells. "No strobing, no flickering, pure fluidity and much more density of information...It's the best 3D I've ever seen and probably ever will see in my life. 48 fps 3D is so much easier on your eyes than 24 fps 3D." http://www.eonline.com/news/hobbit_controversy_peter_jackson... This article isn't really about how demand Nokia's hardware has dropped. This article is really about how Samsung broke into the mobile device hardware market by building everyone else's phones (iPhone, Androids, Windows phones, etc) while Nokia was focusing on Symbian and inertia. The future is awesome. Another company, Z Corp, has youtube videos of their machine scanning and reproducing a crescent wrench, complete with moving parts. Could a future car be assembled completely from printable parts, whose blueprints are open-source? What about bicycles and office chairs? Who wants to start a business researching which objects would be cheaper to 3d print than to get from a wholesaler, then build a retail operation around it? "While industry groups claim cell phones are safe, not all cell phones emit the same about of RF when in use." These statements aren't mutually exclusive. This article depends on you assuming they are. It IS legal to film a movie played at a drive-in theater if you can see it from your house. If your neighbor leaves an opened piece of mail by a window, are you allowed to read it? Cute. The email is from 2003. The article is from 2008. Serious? That's a good list to introduce accounting, managerial accounting, and financial accounting. ----- You could write about more entrepreneurship topics: Salary negotiation and valuating yourself. Sunk costs and how to walk away from a bad decision. Understanding stock options as a prospective employee. Understanding venture capital investing from the VC perspective. Different types of business entities and their benefits (sole proprietorship, s-corp, etc). Advantages of incorporating in certain states or countries (like Delaware) and disadvantages (like Megaupload). The video shows a functional crescent wrench. This is clearly HP's answer to Z Corp's popular video. The video mentions a price of €12,500 ($16,500?), and it looks like 2 units - 1 to print items and 1 to clean off excess material added in the first step. The first is the size of a college fridge, the other is as big as a laser printer. (Just guessing, sorry I can't read German) Could the Cube be used to make replacement filament cartridges for itself? No, the 2d printer can't print 3d objects. The time you put in is a sunk cost & you can't get it back, so don't feel bad about it . You can either outcompete your competitor, or you can pivot into a new method on the same idea. What happened to the "pattern of lights" that would temporarily disable the iPhone camera? For concerts etc. Since corporations are people, can robots be people as well? I welcome the well-tested, never-tiring, unimpaired, highly predictable, self-driving AIs! :-) No more drunk drivers, no more mothers dealing with their kids while driving, city buses whose drivers don't need breaks, rental cars that drive themselves from their lot to your house (they pick you up instead of you picking them up), 100% automated home food/parcel delivery, etc. The future is awesome. What still mystifies me is how large grocery stores, like Safeway, Albertson's, Kroger, etc can afford to pay 100% medical care for their employees. I was a Safeway employee (and begrudging UFCW member) from 1998-2007, and received 100% paid for medical, dental, vision, and other care merely for working more than 20 hours a month . For family care, employees merely must work more than 30 hours a month . 6 years ago, Safeway's CEO announced they would be requiring preventative care and physicals to cut medical costs: http://www.yalemedlaw.com/2008/11/the-safeway-effect/ After completing college, I've found that the 4 companies I've worked for (mid-level IT for fortune 50 financial/tech companies) claimed they couldn't afford to pay for any medical care. Instead, they reminded us how much compensation they were already providing. Why are grocery stores able to pay for this when nobody else will? So corporations are slaves? And yet they can somehow pay for 100% medical care when nobody else can? It was my first project! Nothing big really, just a little 1 MB windows form in VB that streamlines making an internal template. Still, it's exciting to make something my coworkers appreciate. (I don't have it anywhere to share, and since it's VB I'd be a bit ashamed to, sorry) Carmack probably read the Anandtech article (from 2009) on this topic: http://www.anandtech.com/print/2803 So the short answer is: it takes that long to go through all of the processors (input controller/keyb/mouse, usb, cpu, processing latency, gpu, more processing latency, RAMDAC/digital output, LCD pre-processing, LCD output, LCD post-processing, pixel transistor) He doesn't mention using "game mode" on that display - maybe it doesn't have one. Game mode is supposed to minimize pre- and post-processing to minimize LCD latency, exactly for this reason. Also note it takes about that long for signals to hit your eye, go through your brain, hit a switch that fires an action, that signal to travel down your arm and back into your finger ~ 113ms. (How does that line up with 100ms game tick cycles? I don't know.) This agrees with Anand's results - with vsync disabled and very fast input processing, you could have about 17ms for transmission from the video card (in the video cable ), another 17ms for processing, and 4ms more for LCD response, giving the ~40ms that 10 frames would give. (1/240 sec = .075/18 = .0041667 sec = 4.1667 ms) The rumor I've heard is that some of these sites, like extremetech (and physorg and sciencedaily and pandodaily) use bots to auto-submit everything. The assumption I'd make about the rest is that they hire college students to pretend they're bots that auto-submit everything. Basically, if LivingSocial IS having the same internal issues as Groupon, we aren't seeing them because LS is still privately held. Are there other warning signs to look out for? Do they publish their customer or client satisfaction numbers? Very slick, nice video, and nice rendering on the final product. This reminds me of videogame demo videos which don't show actual gameplay. The lack of extra info on their main page is annoying. In what format will the data output? Can you save in common CAD formats? Will you easily be able to create the fly-throughs shown in the video? Will you be able to record those fly-throughs and send them to others? ---- For the record, digital measuring systems have been out for some time. Etemplate was featured on This Old House several years ago. http://www.etemplatesystem.com/ The solution is simple: an optical trackball. The HTC Incredible has one. So do Blackberrys. It does exactly what the OP is asking for. That's really commendable. It'll be easy to bore the kids with tons of details about variables, loops, and structures. At-risk kids are usually less curious and more interested in usefulness (I think). First, get their attention by giving them the fastest route to a simple working program. Basically just show them that they can make programs that can be useful, then help them build by being a local expert. You can teach variables, loops, structures as your students need them to make their programs work correctly - that way they'll have a good reason to want to learn. That's a really cool optical illusion. It's similar to watching car tires on TV, where sometimes the rim spokes look to be spinning in reverse while the car travels at highway speeds. They didn't look particularly ironic to you? For me at least, the "fail early, fail often" philosophy builds up the emotional scars to get over being emotionally vulnerable. Secondly: so what if that guy doesn't like the bunch of words I typed into an IDE. If he's not going to help me make software he likes, he's wasting my time. but in the end, the main question for the court will be whether or not Samsung has used all of these elements in a way that's likely to confuse consumers about what they're buying. How can consumers be confused about what they're buying? Even if their software appears similar, one device has a large Apple logo on the back and is sold almost entirely through a different retail chain. It's totally common to see the defendant and his lawyer sealed out of their own case. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3910348 http://xkcd.com/927/ http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3931368 http://www.codenow.com/ The site wants you to enter your email and request an invite. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3931114 One of the first industries currently being disrupted by the Internet was societal governance. We see it happening more slowly than any other industry because the "Governmental clock" ticks much more slowly than any other industry. If the power lines to the processor were not connected, then what leakage was powering it? Was it running only off the minimal electricity transmitted when data was moved into/out of the processor? One of my college professors discussed the business strategy in keeping iPods locked-in to Apple PCs at first, and later opening the device up to Windows users. Early adopters were buying a device that wouldn't work with their current PCs, and many ambivalent Windows users started buying Macs. They didn't see it this way, but they bought into the Apple ecosystem. For many people, longer they live in the Apple ecosystem, the more difficult it is to leave - your non-Apple device looks different, feels different, acts different[1], and won't dock in music players or anything else, and needs a different charging/data cable. It's an eyesore like having a yellow door on your black car. For the large fraction of the population that values image, this is unacceptable, and Windows is equivalent OSX for most computing needs. The iPod served to funnel this group into this ecosystem. After they had acquired most of the users who would willingly switch, Apple removed the lock-in to allow more users to purchase their device. This allowed both device and software (app+MP3) sales to continue to people less willing to switch from Windows. In effect, it's also time-delayed way of creating different price points - early adopters had to pay extra to purchase a Mac, but later adopters saved that money. [1]Unless it's a Samsung Galaxy Nexus? $1000 isn't a lot - in many parts of the US it will cover about 1 month of rent. Try to save more money from your day job, and work on your project at night and on weekends, whenever you can. At some point, you'll decide to launch, and it may possibly become a reliable income source. May I leapfrog off your question: If your employment contract states "any software you write, on or off the clock, is property of the employer", how would one launch under that restriction? How is your life different now than it was during your 2 years at university? How long ago were those 2 years - a couple years ago, or more than a decade? Most universities like to talk about the rule-of-thumb of 2 hours study per hour of instruction. Full course loads are 12-18 hours of instruction per week in this part of the world, so the university would like you to spend 24-36 hours per week studying. In reality, study time may be 30-90 minutes usually, and 2-3 hours once or twice per quarter; this means 6-18 hours of study most weeks, and 24-54 hours during finals. To break it down: Sleeping - 56 hours Working - 40 hours Instruction - 15 hours Study - 15 hours Transportation - 20 hours (1 hour to work and 1 hour to return home, 1 hour to and 1 hour from university, including buffer for leaving late or being stuck in traffic * 5 days a week) ----------------------- Total - 146 hours 1 week - 168 hours Surplus - 22 hours During finals, you would have no time. Even people who really enjoy college find a schedule like this almost impossible to keep. Essentially, this is an artist directly listening to his audience, and working with them to create art. This is a new way of storytelling in the sense that Agile practices are a new way of running a software company. The underlying idea is the same, (tell a story / write software) but iteration is much faster and output is tightly coupled to input. They don't require you to login before voting? Many sites with voting or upvoting require login specifically to prevent frauds. Will we soon see legislation restricting industrial control computers from having internet connectivity? True, but sneakernet protocols are more difficult to navigate and hack than any NAT. Why leave that attack surface exposed? So that's already happened here? This is just a publicity stunt for this company. It's an ad. "Oh hey look, we have patent trolls using our product" You definitely showed all of us that your moral compass is tightly bound to the law. Instead of telling this despicable customer to leave, you gave him the grand tour. Your blog post could have been an explanation of your reasoning and moral outrage, making you look better while providing transparency for your customers to trust. Sorry if it's just my tired brain not getting it. What was the solution they were looking for? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3957347 Congrats. It only took him 12 years. One of the "secrets" is that all the above-ground space is already within someone's jurisdiction ;) Why is the system limited to 5 solar panels? Is there a reason I would not be able to purchase 25 of these and put them on the deck I don't have? Their site looks like they could use a little design assistance: http://spinrayenergy.com/ Their "Product Specs/Data" page is a 404. In short, Apple is becoming an MNVO. With Mobile Network Virtual Operators, you don't know which carrier your connection is actually going over. Apple is signaling to the rest of us that the "dumb pipe" future which carriers are facing is quickly approaching. None of us will care who provides the future 4G/5G/6G connection; we'll just go with the cheapest carrier at the time. Apple here is just streamlining this process so their customers won't have to waste their time and money figuring it out, and they probably won't be alone in offering this type of service to the public. --- Edit: The article makes a big deal about not being able to remove the SIM card from your phone. CDMA phones have never had SIM cards - to switch phones with Verizon or Sprint, you have to update which MEID or IMEI (number from the phone) is attached to your account. For many years, we were locked into brand-only phones because they were the only ones in the "allowed" database. One example from history (railroad spike through the head in 1848); https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Phineas_Gage It said "a" I typed "a" It still said "a" I didn't know what to do, so I left. Could the lesson plans be open-sourced? Some sites have bots auto-submit all of their articles to HN. I don't know if PG alters his algorithm in response to this. Your page doesn't provide much from your book, then tells me to either pay up or feel guilty. Can we maybe get a preview of the first 5 pages without being made to feel like bad people? Nitpick: Speech their language should be Speak their language Get into incumbators should be Get into incubators Sorry, I didn't realize that. Perhaps we can have a preview of just the first page? Only to get a sample of what we'd be buying. Find a completely different set of problems that you also enjoy working on. Find a hobby that occupies your mind as much as your work, but is quite different from your work. Maybe start learning about quantum entanglement or the WH40k Space Marines backstory. Or you could turn to drinking :) This is EXACTLY how I feel about life. ...and powered back up after the move, again consuming power and internal network (if not external), as well as running up the MTBF counter on consumable hardware like HDDs, RAM, controller batteries, power supplies, etc. You make a very good point. http://www.wiebetech.com/products/HotPlug.php Sorry for asking a question that may seem obvious to others: Why were they waiting for the IPO? Is it for financial or legal reasons, such as a Community Property State? Did he sign a prenuptial agreement? An internet search implies he didn't. This reminds me of Tom Leykis' advice that everyone have a prenup. On the other side, some women have created companies by divorcing a business owner and taking half of the company. How has Mark Zuckerberg protected his ownership of Facebook from his marriage? How would you? As erdemozkan stated in a duplicate discussion: Mark married Priscilla one day after the IPO. That means they were waiting for IPO to get married. Sorry for asking a question that may seem obvious to others, but why were they waiting for the IPO? Is it for financial or legal reasons, such as a Community Property State? Did Zuckerberg sign a prenuptial agreement? An internet search implies he didn't. This reminds me of Tom Leykis' advice that everyone have a prenup, for many reasons. On the other side, some spouses have created companies by divorcing a business owner and taking half of the company. How has Mark Zuckerberg protected his ownership of Facebook from his marriage? How would you? [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3997659 Random Array of Independent Data Centers (RAIDC) Edit: maybe Random Array of In-dependent Clouds (RAIdC)? The couple may be madly in love today, but human emotions are fickle and people change and grow over time. Sadly, there may come a day when both are more concerned with the future of the FB empire than with each other. Given the sheer quantity of eyeballs on this story, I expect that the world would know if it exists. I'm far from an expert, but I agree with veteran programmers who say that typing speed and coding speed are not related. If you're refactoring, you may be deleting and reworking code, not typing at full speed. Sometimes you have to stop and think through your code to make sure you're not making mistakes. For a typing speed, 49 WPM is pretty good, especially for 2-finger typing. If you want to improve your typing speed, there are lots of programs - Mavis Beacon was one from 20 years ago, newer and better typing programs likely exist today. This video was incredibly informative for being so short. The idea of harvesting pig organs, rinsing out the cells so only the natural protein scaffold and blood vessels remain, then reseeding it with the donor's own cells is amazing. This technology is advancing much faster than tooth-replacement techniques. Take advantage of the time you have to explore, learn, and discover new things. You're young enough that you have a lot more opportunities for what you can do with your time than us older people do - but you (probably) don't need to spend some of your time working to pay for your own food, housing, transportation, etc. You can always come back and program if you want to. But you definitely should be in a CS program if/when you goto college :) Apparently someone was posting drawings of Muhammad. http://tribune.com.pk/story/381639/twitter-blocked-across-pa... Are you supposed to use Adobe Photoshop to open PSD files? I bring headphones. The ones like earplugs. Then I watch MST3K on youtube and ignore anyone that doesn't ping me on chat. https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Long_and_shor... First of all, the complaint has nothing whatsoever to do with the metric vs non-metric issue---we could as easily report gallons per hundred miles if it mattered that much. Exactly. The measurement of gallons per 100 miles shows a much clearer picture of gas usage: MPG = gallons per 100 miles (100/MPG) 14 = 7.1 17 = 5.9 33 = 3.0 50 = 2.0 MPG = Cost of gasoline to drive 15,000 miles at $4/gal (15000/MPG*$4) 14 = $4285.71 17 = $3529.41 33 = $1818.18 50 = $1200.00 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4020222 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4021690 Why was I downvoted for linking to previous comment threads about this same story? The difficulty with this is the widely varied price of gasoline. If we assume $4/gal, $100 would buy us 25 gallons of fuel, so we can just multiply those 25 gallons by the MPG: MPG = Miles per $100 (MPG*25/$_per_gallon) 14 = 350 17 = 425 33 = 825 50 = 1250 The linked video has become private, but other copies are available: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6H7NkM21MY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFZB91a1qUw (short) Interesting idea. Those with neither Apple devices nor a Facebook account can't try this out. Edit: My tired mind didn't realize this at first - this service utilizes both photos and statuses of the same person. Facebook is one of the few services which brings together a person's photographs and status updates, and has a large stock of both. The next best supply would be...a mash-up of Twitter and Flikr? I'm interested to see how this stacks up against the Backblaze Pod: http://blog.backblaze.com/2011/07/20/petabytes-on-a-budget-v... Edit: You'd have to build about 2882 Pods to reach 380 petabytes, but this cluster will be using 380,000 opertons, which implies about 1 terabyte of tape per CPU. For the Pods: The newest cabinets squeeze one petabyte into three-quarters of a single cabinet for $56,696. I'm in your shoes - I majored in Business, and I'm trying to break into software development after getting bored of IT at 30. Luckily my business degree had a couple VB classes, so I'm not starting with zero. What I'm doing: 1. Codecademy will teach you the basic concepts of programming. Codecademy expands into HTML, Javascript, CSS, and other technologies that can be used to make websites and mobile apps. (You can stick a website inside a wrapper and call it an app.) 2. If you like Windows, get the Visual Studio 11 beta while it's free and start making a windows form in VB or C#. If you don't, either install Cygwin or a distro and learn about the tools for Linux. (sorry I'm not more help here) 3. Find projects to do - find a small problem at work that you can solve. I made a program that makes an email template , so filling out an internal form is just a couple clicks. Also check out coding challenges. 4. Look for software internships, open source projects, and other places where you can build your burgeoning skills while gaining experience in working with large projects. I don't know if I'm going about this the right way either, and I've been thinking about making this same Ask HN post too. The app would be a calendaring app where your friends can schedule time to hang out with you, and it locks your phone for the duration of hangout time. Basically it would force you to hang out with people you know. The "Fail early, fail fast" philosophy doesn't work unless you actually learn from failing. Why was Rhode Island trying "to jump start a video game industry in Rhode Island" by investing in only one company? Why not fund 3000 smaller videogame companies? They could have given $250,000 to 300 videogame companies, or $2.5 million each to 30 companies. For people without serious pre-existing conditions, health insurance is nothing but an extra cost. The insurance industry depends on the healthy to subsidize the sick. For healthy people, it's usually cheaper to pay your doctor dentist and other specialists in cash...well, if you are healthy, you don't usually need to see any specialists. You would be more impressed by a Wacom penabled tablet or phone, like the Galaxy Note. My Wacom penabled tablet/laptop convertible PC was invaluable at taking calculus and economics notes in Word 2007 - You can type all the text, then pick up the stylus and draw formulas, graphs, and symbols where you want. It was such a powerful use-case for me that I don't understand why nobody has copied it yet. I like the page - it's unconventional but very clean. If I had an iPhone (and hadn't already life-hacked my inbox) I'd give you feedback on the app too. ;) "Shooting for the moon" and "jumping the shark" involves working without a safety net. Phrased differently: Making a backup plan takes away effort from your goals and makes you more likely to fail and need your backup plan. I don't remember if this is from a famous quote, a blog post, HN discussion, or a video. I've found it to be true in some situations. The east coast of the US (containing almost 1/2 of the US population) will be waking up in the next 1-2 hours. Hopefully you'll get noticed then. :) This article starts with an interesting bait, but declines to listing high-functioning people and their mental quirks. "The spectrum" includes "normal" people; they are all in a cluster at the non-Autistic end of the spectrum. Asperger's is somewhere between... I use my phone as my "communication bucket". I'm only signed into FB, Twitter, personal email, and HN on my phone. When I get a spare moment, I check my phone. I naturally prioritize text messages first, then email, phone calls, twitter, HN, FB, etc. The key here is to be busy enough that you don't have time to check your phone. Youtube and other online video doesn't distract me. I usually play one in the background when doing other things. I don't even like when news articles or blog posts are video-only. shrug At work, my inbox is combo to-do list and "eventually get-around-to list". Each project gets its own inbox. I judiciously use rules to route mail to the correct inbox, and routine noise is automatically marked as read. At work, FB, Twitter, HN, texts, etc are still phone-only. (ok, I'm actually on HN at work, but that's due to under-employment :D ) Isn't an environmental study required before building? Serpentine lines are more efficient, yet they are not used in supermarkets. Why not? TFA is derived from this article: http://venturebeat.com/2012/06/01/when-it-comes-to-passwords... Original paper: http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~jcb82/doc/B12-IEEESP-analyzing_70M_... The title of the article doesn't even mention 2-factor: Post Mortem: Today's Attack; Apparent Google Apps/Gmail Vulnerability; and How to Protect Yourself Don't commingle business and personal accounts. If only that admin had followed this suggestion for his personal account... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio-frequency_identification "Mastery" is like a buzz-word, but it's had its power in our culture for a long time. Buzz-words are useless unless a meaning is assigned to them. To me, mastery means mastery of the basics. A master chef is a master at slicing, chopping, mixing ingredients correctly, and applying heat to food in a variety of ways (frying, baking, grilling, etc). A master carpenter is a master of measuring, sawing, hammering, and fastening wood together. My professor for introductory accounting tells his classes that advanced accounting textbooks have the same chapters as the beginning books, just with more advanced subject matter. Mastery of accounting would then be just mastering those basics. Come drive in Washington State, where our grid is powered by the water which falls from our sky, as it flows back to the ocean. Also WSDOT just installed 7 EV charging stations along Interstate 5: http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/News/2012/05/30_newevstations.htm We know one thing for sure: We'll have more tablets and phones around, and more in-betweens like the Rasberry Pi, Cotton Candy, and others. TVs and monitors will ship with clones of those built-in. By 2016, "smartphone" will be a small part of the embedded processor / ARM marketshare, which is what we'll actually be concerned with. Good luck on the pivot! In the United States, regulations dictate that cars coming off of the assembly line must have a flat mirror on the driver's side. Curved mirrors are allowed for cars' passenger-side mirrors only if they include the phrase "Objects in mirror are closer than they appear." Because of these regulations, Hicks's mirrors will not be installed on new cars sold in the U.S. any time soon. The mirror may be manufactured and sold as an aftermarket product that drivers and mechanics can install on cars after purchase. Some countries in Europe and Asia do allow slightly curved mirrors on new cars. Hicks has received interest from investors and manufacturers who may pursue opportunities to license and produce the mirror. For those of us who have no idea what this is all about or why it's important: http://thenextweb.com/insider/2012/05/10/37signals-lists-web... The sale price ($480k) is just greater than twice 1 year of income ($212k). Why does this seem low enough to be a red flag? So the vast majority of this site's value is actually its relationship with 37signals? And 37signals wants to sell the site and dissolve that relationship? o_O Can you parse that title? I can't... Can I cite an economics professor whose name I've forgotten? He discussed how rent controls prevent both raising prices and selling the controlled property, so the owners can't make money from the property in any way. Thus, many of these buildings stand abandoned and unsafe for decades. Scribd has done this for every PDF page I've tried to access through their site. http://www.scribd.com/word/access_denied/96535114#full The linked PDF downloads quickly. (what's strange is the rest of Scribd, including their fruit bot race, renders great.) >Why is "stone" the "most obvious move"? Since the starting position (closed fist) is very similar to Rock, most people will be lazy and play Rock instead of Paper or Scissors, at least the first round? How is industry regulation different in those markets? When you get ripped off, what is your recourse in Amman, Athens, or Madrid? What can you do about it in Berlin or Manchester? This article seems to imply that part of the reason is that Japanese has 3 sets of symbols for the sounds in their language, which makes typing difficult. Why does Japanese use 3 sets of symbols for their spoken language? (Hiragana for native words, Katakana for foreign words, Kanji due to China's proximity?) Why not reduce to one set of symbols? There's something to be said for the ceremony of grooming for work, travelling to your workplace, interacting with coworkers, during approximately the same time each day. Work is the "2nd space" in the Starbuck's "3rd space" advertisements. Have you tried working in the same seat at a library or other public place each weekday? Can you please rephrase your comment on the bias without the asterisk? Previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4085052