It's about the negative externalities of engagement optimization. No, the children will be commodified. It's systems-level thinking applied to people. Reader beware though, once you start down this path, you can become adept at spotting this pattern emerge in many other human systems. It depends. Left and right is as real as any social construction. Like many social constructions it shares common features: It's hegemonic. It's the basis for identity. It's socially reproduced. It's used as a wedge by elites to maintain power. Substitute politics, race, gender, nationalism, etc. Same pattern. Despite it being socially constructed, there are still real material disadvantages when people don't conform. The choice between putting food on the table or non-conformity is real. I'm missing something here. I could create a coded message that required apeace to decipher. That doesn't necessarily mean that I'm you. Thank you for pointing it out bluntly. For people like me, it does help to read the unwritten rules. I'll let my naivete lead me to learning something new. Wouldn't 50%+1 attacks still be a concern? We might have different ideas about what social reproduction means. I believe social reproduction occurs every time a social interaction occurs which reenforces social norms through social accountability. How many children people are having is more of a sexual reproduction topic to me. If any restriction is intolerable then what remains? It's a form of operationalization and that's a valid critique. My hope would be that there are some studies on the validity of the technique. That being said, there's probably better ways. Additionally, I'd find it fun to riff on ways to make it better that have the same time/budget constraints as the original. Not sure, I follow. That doesn't make any sense. He argues for ZoomWorld, so his mileage may vary. Sure, but take it a step further and analyze it. Does Instagram, knowing this information, have any obligations when making choices that affect teen's mental health? Would making choices which negatively affect teen's mental health be an ethical action? One such choice could be segmenting user's by mental health for the purpose of advertisement. Is such a segmentation ethical? What if doing so increases Instagram's profit (say for example teens who struggle are more susceptible to ads), does that change your answer? Should that change Instagram's answer? My point is that we are capable and obliged to dive deeply into these questions. 22% of teens[p24] of a total 22M teens(DAU)[1] are negatively affected by Instagram. This is 4.1 million people - not a small number. By stopping short and simply saying teens are twice as likely to benefit than suffer ignores the 4.1 million teens who are suffering. I'm not sure they take much solace that 8.2 million feel better off. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-knows-instagram-is-tox... Lack of evidence is not the issue. A more fruitful line of questioning is starting with "What function do courts server and for whom?" Not much to critique, though it would have been nice to see the author outline the hegemonic nature of the idea that competition between individuals is the natural state of the world. What a strange way of looking at the world. When did you choose to have that perspective and why? Hmm, I always thought conformity-culture was the cause of social accountability of outliers. My go to example for this is the highly individual valuing, yet Patagonia vest wearing finance bros. Conformity without collectivism. It's a thing and it's much more insidious than the collectivism-conformity script we got growing up. A similar grounding exercise[1] I like is saying out loud: 5 things I can see, 4 things I can touch, 3 things I can hear, 2 things I can smell, and 1 thing I can taste. It takes just a minute to complete and consistently works. [1] https://copingskillsforkids.com/blog/2016/4/27/coping-skill-... One way to understand this would be to ask people in the form of a question. Dear HN people who form this category, why do you demonize big tech while supporting unions who have killed rivals? I can't help but laugh because your last line perfectly describes inheritance, a practice whose abolishment was demanded in The Communist Manifesto. I don't like this pattern in calls to action. The pattern starts with an implicit hopelessness of affecting any external change and results in all responsibility being assumed by the individual. This is an antipattern of change. It does not need to be perpetuated because it reproduces the permanence of the constructs we want to dismantle. Even more importantly, these entities are fully aware of this and craftily guide the masses toward individual responsibility as a default, knowing that it won't affect real change. The antidote to this is critical collective action which realizes the impossibly of change as itself an impossible stance to take. Of course not. We both agree that organizing doesn't appear out of nowhere and that it takes real work to mobilize people. The call to action of installing adblockers in this particular case makes people feel like they are taking real action, but it's equivalent to "hope and prayers" and that doesn't work either. My point is that "If you can't stop Facebook snooping" is a self-limiting assumption. Of course we can stop Facebook from snooping. Facebook's ability to snoop relies on the social, political, legal, and economic assumptions all of which are constructed by people and therefore aren't immutable constants. Our progress toward changing that is realizing that all of these things are things we made and therefore can change. You can absolutely get rid of the legal concept of capital. It's supported and encoded by a set of laws. Delete the laws. Whether or not this is the best approach is up for debate. Of course, the legal code is simply an artifact in the construction of capital, but by no means sufficient to its existence. I'll go even further and throw in the idea that human tribalism is innate is itself also a construction that can be dismantled. > I'm baffled trying to figure which specific laws could be removed to delete capital from our society. Sounds like a fantastic project filled with economic, sociological, political, and ontological questions. What's the space of categorizations and which categorizations have the most compelling explanatory power? As an example, here's a statement[1] in the tax code which defines "capital asset." Enjoy! [1] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/1221#a I'm curious how much time you're spent "doing monads" compared to reading about monads. The reason that I bring this up is that monads didn't click for me until I had hands on experience with a few different monad instances and could see the abstraction take shape in different ways. If that doesn't apply to you, that's ok too. It's fun to understand other people's methods of conceptualization. That's an interesting narrative framing. I'm reading Berger[1] at the moment and of course the social reproduction of knowledge is a component of the work. Pg. 76-77(in the linked copy) parallel your description of this process though on a longer timescale. In social media spaces, the playfulness and joking nature of the progenitors, becomes habituated, and eventually institutionalized over time. What's surprising is the speed at which this happens. In Berger's conceptualization is that this happens over the course of lifetimes, while in the social media space, this happens over the course of months. My final point is that this is the reason why "jokes"[2] are insidious. They will attract people who earnestly believe they aren't just jokes which normalizes harassment. [1] The Social Construction of Reality. Berger, Peter http://perflensburg.se/Berger%20social-construction-of-reali... [2] A specific kind of harassment designed to habituate abuse while also taking advantage of plausible deniability by ostensibly also being a "joke". It's definitely possible you've already done monadic things in code. If it's any consolation, I would not have ever been able to grasp monads by reading tutorials alone and the monad laws are simply too abstract for me to have envision a concrete usage. I learned without touching Haskell at all and it's my opinion is that Scala + Cats is a much easier onramp to monads than Haskell. You sound like a kind and curious person. If you ever want a one-on-one walkthrough please reach out to me (email in bio). Everyone deserves the chance to understand something if they want to. That's how I describe it too: Potemkin Retail. The elders don't like the other comparisons that we make to being lucky that there are at least bread lines. That means the store has bread that day. Your ethics are my opportunity. Bruce's Beach is another example that's easy to reach for. For anyone to assume that this hasn't happened is to admit to not studying history. The consulting and training industry captured the c-suite mindshare and sold process over people. Joe has every incentive to convince other people to minimize paternity leave. Morality is for the working class. Read Berger(1966). This is reification in it's most basic form. Weird comment. Why lead with a false dichotomy and then slide into everything is a gray area? Maybe pick an example and go with that? It isn't a trade off. That's the falseness of setting it up as two mutually exclusive and exhaustive choices. There are better ways to make a point than hyperbole. My backburner project of providing Clojure bindings to React running in GraalJS has gotten to the point where it technically works, but I'm not sure if the marshalling overhead is worth it. It's been fun pairing it to a terminal emulator and writing a blessed-like[1] using Clojure though. [1] blessed - https://github.com/chjj/blessed Umm, the right to be free from slavery. I'm saying freedom from slavery was an increase in freedom and a greater good. That's the point. A net increase in both. That's why it's a false dichotomy. > Ml based systems will always make errors Sure, but error should be randomly distributed. This is stats 101. Any decent ML practitioner will check for this before releasing a model. Great seeing this here. Papermill has been part of our datascience CI/CD process for the last couple years. It's been a solid building block and it was fun getting our notebooks building in Github Actions. I believe we're mostly in agreement. What's not acceptable to me is using "All models are wrong" to imply that it's ok to not understand ways in which they wrong, to be willfully ignorant of their failures, or to devalue transparency. As a professional and practitioner, I have to a responsibility to engage in transparency and honesty when I deliver a model. Part of that is understanding and designing failure modes. That's simply good engineering. Donating with stipulations is such a weird thing to do. Either you trust the acceptor, or you find someone else to donate to. Why give money to someone if you don't trust them to use it wisely? Also mixed in with strawman. > Exaggerating (sometimes grossly exaggerating) an opponent's argument, then attacking this exaggerated version. The claim in this case being, "residents should have reasonable access to sunlight in their rooms." And the exaggeration being penthouses. I agree with it being common. However, I can't stop referring back to http://paulgraham.com/donate.html I'm simply not convinced that cancellations of mild controversiality represent a significant proportion of total cancellations without evidence. São Paulo's been living it for 14 years. I'd love to hear from residents how they feel about it too. In agreement. Far too many "debaters" do not acknowledge this truth. Identifying a problem and proposing a solution are two different things. I get that actionable statements are appreciated, but they aren't a requirement. Conflating the two rhetorically sophomoric. Another way of putting this is the burden of proof to also provide on a solution is not on the problem identifier. Asking as much is implicitly making the argument that the problem doesn't exist because the solution doesn't yet exist. We can all agree how absurd that is. A lot of us actually mean capitalism because we believe that the incentives it creates are inherently baked into its structure. For example, the construction of capital markets inevitably lead to labor exploitation through a natural series of actions and reactions. That's anti-capitalism 101. Anyone who has worked at a heavily funded startup knows this. They may not have the words for it, or they may even like it, but they cannot deny that the situation creates the incentives. I really wish I could, but this is essentially asking for a distillation of Capital Vol 1 in a Hacker News comment. If this is something you're interested in, I encourage you to read it from the source. It spells out exactly this. If that doesn't quite suit you, feel free to reach out (email in profile) and I'm sure we could find a way to convey this conversationally. We're not just competing with big corps, we're competing with each other too. It's not a competition for dollars though, it is an intensifying competition of austerity. Every downsize, skipped meal, and acceptance of worse conditions legitimizes itself and races to the bottom in answering the question, "what's the bare minimum needed to support life?" Every workaround, make do, and acceptance rachets down and squeezes everyone just a bit more. I banned my boss from texting after hours. He texted me during hours for a legitimate reason. Moments after the issue was taken care of, I blocked his number. If it ever becomes an issue, it's easy to frame as a healthy way of enforcing boundaries. Everyone should block their boss by default. The tweet is a specific case of the general idea that "Market inefficiencies result in price-value disparities." If you believe this, the tweet naturally follows. The author assumes the audience already believes this. Not unless the Westphalian model is deconstructed. Deconstruct the idea that this is the best we can do - our current political economy is not some inevitability. Human nature, politics, and economics are not fundamental facts. These are ideas are inherently self-limiting. They are constantly reconstructed in social interactions. Anyone telling you otherwise is unaware of how social knowledge works or has a vested interest in maintaining this illusion. Spread this idea and the idea of it spreading to everyone you know. Things are impossible, until suddenly they aren't. Yes > Otherwise, you may need to work longer or find a supplemental source of income from a part-time job, Eweka suggested. Dying with the most amount of debt is the ultimate fuck you to austerity. Reap the earthly rewards and avoid consequences. Why should I grind myself to dust to support a system I reap no rewards from? If the answer to this relies on a categorical imperative, that system doesn't deserve to exist. > Which means those jobs have to pay more The assumption being made here is "all other things being equal". All other things are never equal. It's a common refrain here to setup a weird dichotomy between freedom and some other X. It's a thought anti pattern - a rootless piece of social knowledge that people were told at some point that never went examined. There are so many cases of freedom AND X, that it's easy to disprove. I'm still not convinced[1]. 1. https://www.bmj.com/content/363/bmj.k5094 5300 words and I'm still left wondering, "Who are they?" People have names. Thank you. I've been trying to convince people that coal power isn't bad because solar exists and is gaining production share. As long as alternatives exist, coal does nothing to the environment. It is very difficult to convey sarcasm through text. If you thought my previous comment was devoid of all reason and thought, may I direct you to its parent? I cannot wait to for game mods to enable right click, save as functionality in games. The problem of rug-pulling irl generally being illegal. You did a good job demonstrating how the reification of social institutions works. > I think the root of it has something to do with the higher ups wanting and forcing people to work so that they can profit out of it. In the same way we think the divine right of monarchy is an absurd way to justify feudalism, someday we will think human nature is an absurd way of justifying our current system. If my neighbor had a QoS config which meant my use did not degrade their bandwidth, then it would be ok? I agree but for a different reason. It's simply not effective. Unrest can never be ameliorated by squashing it because censorship will always be routed around. Any attempt at pushing it down will result in it popping up somewhere else, sometimes in a different form. The only remedy is improving the material conditions for the majority of people. In every revolution we've seen, the elites are unable to comprehend or unwilling to compromise, and in every case, the longer it drags on, the more dispossessed they eventually become. US state population trends starting in the 1840s are currently generating increasing unrest as a function of the structure of the US senate resulting in a rule by minority. As the chamber becomes increasingly unrepresentative, the ability to reform it becomes increasingly less probably due to the structure of constitutional reform. In a more perfect world, US population geographics would be modulated by representative power. That however, is not the case. State and local governments increasingly sort voters by self-selection bias. Further entrenchment and unwillingness to compromise will be gasoline for the current tinder. What an excellent story about the working class reaping the rewards of automation. Had the business developed the solution, they would capture the difference instead. Whether it's true or not is irrelevant. At worst it is a parable. The lesson is that automation is not our savior. > that implied portrayal of "wife sits at home goofing off all day because machines do all the real work" couldn't be the norm. The history of women's work is a history of unpaid labor. The reality maintenance machinery supporting this is powerful. From devaluing industries which see a change in gender participation, to not classifying certain tasks as labor, the mechanisms of maintenance range from insidious to ridiculous. Understanding what happens if that reality is not maintained is important to understanding why it is maintained. If you happen to have, or know of a list of the others, I'd be very interested in reading it. Natural proclivities is a post hoc rationalization using the sociological process of reification. The process of gaining knowledge assuming a social construct will always suffer from a tautological fallacy. Any attempt to break the cycle is a epistemological illusion. And in today's world, right click, save as. The only problem with this is the same reason taxes are compulsory. Repositioning your review mirror to reflect their headlights directly back into the driver's eyes is not a solution (tested empirically). Have you considered pivoting out of the baking industry and into something more profit-positive? There are material incentives to using them too which are baked into policy.The 1033 program requires that all equipment issued through it be used within one year of the date it is granted. In addition to being "fun toys" there are real structural incentives too. I checked against a Vox article before posting but neglected to cite because of perceived bias. I'll see if I can pull up an original source. Edit: States are apparently required to file an LESO operation plan. Here is an example from the Minnesota LESO operation plan Section III. C. > ... are required to utilize property within one year or schedule its return https://dps.mn.gov/divisions/hsem/homeland-security/Document... Parent is arguing that we should understand what incentivizes people to break laws and fix that. ie: do rootcause analysis, employ systems-level thinking and take preventative measures. As an aside, wording seems to be an important part of formulating these requests too. There was an interesting example used in coaching correct requests. Don't say you need blankets to keep detainees warm. Instead say you need blankets so that LEOs can provide detainees with warmth. Important apparently bc the property is primarily for the benefit of LEOs. Unfortunately it's blockhead[1]. I wish this was a joke. 1. https://investors.block.xyz/governance/leadership/default.as... This feeling of frustration is familiar. What helped me was shifting the way I approached the problem. Rather than tasking myself with manipulating social structures directly, I've found joy in teaching others to recognize the structures, recognize the processes by which their reality is maintained, and formulate tools to expose their weaknesses and dismantle them. Ideas spread like seeds in the wind. Our collective mental soil is so ready to accept them. Construct an self-reinforcing reality aimed at dismantling the current enabling structures. That's exactly as hard or as easy as it sounds. Is it possible to de-capitalize heathcare? Not in this economy. Take Walmart as an example. If a country, it would rank 25th economically (above 188 other countries and the likes of Austria, Argentina, Norway, Ireland, and South Africa).[1] Walmartian central planning scales at least that far. 1. https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3524078 How are the current economic agents solving the NP-hard problem of economy? It seems like they are are just as incapable as a computer (assuming the substrate independence of computation). It should double every time. The data realm has a fun set of metaphors. For example, DATA IS A PHYSICAL MATERIAL. It can be CLEANED, MINED, EXTRACTED, FILTERED, POLISHED, PIPED, etc. > Namely, though low productivity growth may be leading to rising inequality, it may also be that rising inequality is reducing productivity growth, by stifling “the ability to harness the talents of potential innovators across the income spectrum. "The ability to harness talents" is a weird way of saying people don't want spend their time working to benefit someone else. When the value extraction knob turns up, the incentive to work goes down. When you're getting cucumbers and the other guy keeps getting grapes[1] it makes sense to stop playing the game. 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_9RjDqJ7Zs I thought ad hominems were looked down on here. Has something changed? If radio equipment manufacturers built their business on choosing which messages to promote would it change things? Yes, we understand the incentives. My kids want to stay up past their bedtime, but I still say no because of the consequences the next day. I'm sure you agree that simply because someone wants you to do something it has no bearing on whether it was the correct choice or not. Lost? It was dismantled and it was done with intent. Let us not forget the people who did it and how they did it. "There is no such thing as society. There are individual men and women and there are families." - Margaret Thatcher It's much harder to build something than it is to tear it down. Fantastic advice! Lately I've been re-thinking how I've made friends throughout my life. I had some things right but some others were misguided. Creating intentional spaces was something right. I put myself into situations where I could be friendly with workmates during lunch and definitely felt engaged and friendly with the people there. Over the years though, it felt more and more hollow. We've had time to step back and think lately. I realized what was missing was emotional openness and that comes with a little vulnerability. While being friendly with workmates is nice, it isn't the place to show emotional vulnerability. I had set myself up to never be able to turn associates into friends. It finally clicked as to why people keep their work and friends separate. I'm glad you found your groove. The quality of life that comes with having deep friendships is incredible. I hope stories like these inspire others to take a step toward realizing deep friendship. I remember the same. However, as I've gotten older and everything has become political, the non-political path has gotten smaller and smaller and has all but disappeared. Even more importantly, I've realized that it's not healthy to have an entire social diet composed of polite conversations. Emotional vulnerability and openness is a necessary ingredient for meaningful social engagement. An opening move into politics is still an out of pocket move, but never engaging openly stunts a potentially deep bond. Please don't mistake my including that quote as asserting that Thatcher single-handedly lowered social trust. I used it as an example that sums up a broader ideological goal of a larger group of people. We both agree on the implications of such a change. Maybe you agree that some people pushed for systems which resulted in this conclusion and some occurred by other factors? > I'm not entirely sure who pushed for these changes. If a historical analysis isn't your thing(and I get that), the next best thing anyone can do is look for it in the present. Anywhere we see people pressing for the individualization of responsibility, assuming the inability of groups of people to affect positive change, or the "I'm not responsible for anyone but myself" attitude, we see a person with this mindset realizing a reality where everyone is more distant, alone, and lonely. I get the sense that it would be many other things easier as well. The only reason he would be fired is because he's terrible at masking. Until we get suffrage for minors, banning cigarettes is peanuts. > it's pretty much all that matters, probably, as of today Not really understanding this. What does it mean? I'm wrapping up Ásta's Categories We Live By[1] and it's been fun learning about models describing the mechanisms which construct social identity and how people agree or disagree on their construction. Using the article as an example, we can see the institutionalization of age as a label though government documents, policy, and law, but there is also a communal construction presumably by way of Ratelband's friends and family celebrating his birthday and keeping track of his age. Even today, people at least self-identify as an age whenever they "lie" about their age to others. Who or what is the ultimate judge of age? Unfortunately I mean this in a technical capacity. Just like an umpire who is the judge of what is a strike or ball in baseball, who is and who do we want to be the judge of age? In a lot of ways self-conferral is the ultimate form of individual liberty. Why would I want someone else enforcing on me properties about myself? 1. https://doi.org/10.1111/ejop.12744 > exited your mother's womb The problem with this is that it is arbitrary. Why this and not date of conception, or date from first heartbeat, or date from first word, or date from walking? Any response will attempt to reify the construct, but that doesn't actually do to constructivists what non-constructivists think it does. > that kind of does sound excessive I don't know about you, but I'd have to compare it to cost of living references and public employee's per capita to begin to have an understanding. Even if I had that, there are many other factors I'd want to explore: what's the impact of CoL and commuting? What's the impact of employees not living in the jurisdictional area? What are the structural systems which function to determine salaries, both as an interaction with labor markets and those that have been institutionalized? If I was hired as a consultant to make judgements on SF public spending, in short, I'd do my due diligence. That's right. I enjoy phrasing social problems in the language of software engineering so I'll do that here. The structures which enable these salaries are a Chesteron's Fence[1]. Shooting from the hip ignores second-order effects[2] and is a thought terminating rhetorical pattern. It's the equivalent of trying random code to fix a bug without doing root-cause analysis. If I tried to do any of these on a development team I'd expect someone to take me aside and kindly explain the consequences. For some reason (which I'd be happy to understand) all of these valuable mental tools are left on the bench when we move out of development and into other realms. They are powerful techniques to understand systems of all types -- we should aspire to use them whenever we can. 1. https://fs.blog/chestertons-fence/ 2. https://personalmba.com/second-order-effects/ Proportionally speaking that would put teachers in Todd County South Dakota where the median home value in 2020 was $26,900[1] at an annual salary of $3,842. If the argument is that teacher salaries should be a linear function of average home values and that a $1M/yr salary doesn't make sense and a $3.8k/yr salary doesn't either, I'm not sure where you want to go from there. 1. https://www.credible.com/blog/data-insights/county-in-every-... Kind of? Do you think the market for firefighters is a monopsony and if so, how does that shape the firefighter labor market? This feels risky, like a reply to a rhetorical question. For me the difference between the two is the acknowledgement of human authorship. Chesterton's Fence assumes human authorship leaving open the possibility for change, while the The Divine Right of Kings/Mandate of Heaven explicitly buries its authorship in an attempt to crystalize it as immutable. Feel free to disagree, but it feels like we're drifting away from the plot. A lifting a phone ban won't change the structures and incentives at play. This is an attempt to again shift responsibility to individuals. Let's imagine how the scenario plays out if workers have access to weather alerts. Each worker has a choice to make: either bring it up to their sup, ignore it, or walk out. Maybe y'all have more experience working at amazon warehouses than me, but I don't believe for a second that warehouse management is going to let people off the job. Management's incentives simply don't align with that possibility. If they did, this wouldn't be an issue. The other options have even worse consequences for workers. I'm not so sure. Take vhs rewinders for example. VHS cassettes and players were obsoleted by DVDs and DVD players respectively but there is no analogous new tech to the rewinder. It was a dead end. Maybe I'm splitting hairs. The real fun is talking about other peoples' plans they aren't supposed to talk about. That's the best part about the internet -- there aren't any real consequences for doing so. Fibre has its own challenges -- crystalline structure, IoR homogeneity, and polarization effects can affect the entire audio spectrum. I wish I could say it's better, but ultimately ju/st a different game. Someday we will invent a transmission medium which preserves the fidelity of satire Growing up I was told hundreds of times "not to believe everything you read on the internet." Parents, teachers, relatives, and older folks all told me that. It was a cliche, and us younger people made fun of it being a cliche in the same way we made fun of downloading cars. Even so, it stuck with me. Then it stopped. No one said it anymore. What happened? It's not all roses though. Aristotle's teleology for example, made it's way into both religion (with enormous harm via Thomas Aquinas) and the sciences. We're still trying to stamp it out of the latter when it occasionally still pops up in places like evolutionary biology. > We need work. Not sure I follow. It's amazing how these little bits of social knowledge ferment the flavor of the story. It's a lot like learning to taste beer or wine. Once you take the time to sit down and learn to pay attention to your senses, you can identify things like acetaldehyde, diacetyl, and mercaptans. It's fun teaching people how to sense things they weren't aware of before. The author seems to have done a little trick. By assuming this little fact, it serves as a rationalization for Dad's emotional neglect. It explains his behavior in retrospect, and I get why that makes sense. But that doesn't mean it's true, it doesn't have any predictive power because it reverses subject and object. "We need work" is a social fact, nothing more, and it's only true as much as it's believed to be true. To me it stands out like pickle in pancake, maybe it can for you too. Everyone agrees that people need to do certain things to survive. What complicates this line of thinking are the social facts that are assumed when we conceptualize work. The way that work is conceptualized is culturally specific across space and time. The construction "eating implies survival implies work" doesn't imply that our culturally specific conceptualization of work is implied. There are many interesting ways to have conversations about work means, how it changes, and what factors influence how people think about what work is and isn't. Thank you for laying this out. Exploring these are the ideas I had in mind when exploring the work-survival substitution. If I may also point out, the conceptualization of work is self-reinforcing too. Jobs are defined from the assumption of the work-fact. This in turn transforms peoples' subjective experience of work into definitions of work as an objective reality. "We need work" and "we things to get done" are different things in my mind. I agree just like anyone that we need certain things to get done to survive. "We need work" is a curious little phrase though. It's setup in the same way as "we need food", or "we need safety and security", or "we need to feel loved." The framing is that of a basic human need and it's my impression that's how many people see it. It's interesting that the language follows suit in a Metaphors We Live By[1]-type of way. 1. https://www.biblio.com/9780226468013 It can just be bad. Requiring a superior alternative us another kind of trick. Identifying problems and providing solutions are two different things. Combining the two is a clever way to set an artificial bar on what can be discussed. It's much easier to simply ban suicide. To not care about others is psychopathy . They typically don't care what others think save for how it impacts their ability to do what they want and this is generally seen as a social net negative. Systems that incentivize psychopathy deserve to be dismantled. At least or better carbon parity than existing systems, feasible transaction rollbacks when mandated by law. Sorry, not willing to accept these bugs as features. /gen The best thing you can do is organize your workplace. Job hopping allows businesses to eat the market at the edges and eventually squeeze those demands out of the labor pool. CPI includes housing as "Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence (OER)". If that inspires confidence in anyone, please, I'd like to hear how. I was being a snark, but I would still genuinely like to hear why someone would feel confident in the method. Their peers if they're nice enough will let everyone know "Don't ever show up with an offer or you'll be fired." So it happens rarely if at all. You may already be a listener, but I've found great joy in listening to Mike Duncan's Revolutions[1]. It makes it easier to pick out what structures, people, and events today might make their way into history books(or podcasts of the future) one hundred years from now should things go pear-shaped. There are many points to be made, but one that tends to go less appreciated is that in the period leading up to the dramatic revolutionary events there isn't a constant increase in tension. There are flare ups of course, but they punctuate years of relative peace. Just because tensions die down for a bit does not mean things are getting fixed. Quite the opposite, it lulls people into complacency. That is, until the systemic deficiencies paired with personalities unable to address them collide and everything falls apart. 1. https://thehistoryofrome.typepad.com/revolutions_podcast/ A work stoppage is more realistic than direct combat. What are they going to do? Force us to work? For example, with the way supply chains are right now, how much leverage do transportation/logistics workers have to force a change? Fascinating! Any more info on which industries and by which means people would be forced to work? Is that simply one aspect of cultural dialectics[1] or am I missing something? 1. https://textbooks.whatcom.edu/duttoncmst101/chapter/intercul... > What ends up in the university libraries used for the Google n-gram data varies with trends in Google’s book-inclusion policy, editorial practices, library policies, and popularity of genres. As none of those effects can be excluded it is important that we find the same trends for word use in the New York Times. The interesting line of thought here is that NYT articles have fairly clear authorship (and to a lesser degree editorship). Do individual authors follow a similar trend (implying that people are changing) or do authors stay the same (implying that the NYT composition is changing)? In short, how much is personal change, and how much is churn? It's a lot like how the ocean is should be the most powerful homeopathic medicine due to dilution. The Search for Planet X[1] is a board game where players solve what amounts to a logic puzzle. The puzzle is generated procedurally and shared via seed amongst the players. The players then interact with an app to extract facts or constraints, keeping track of their own information as well as other players' queries in order to derive the game terminating[2] fact (the location of planet X). The game is, of course, deciding which new facts or constraints to learn. 1. (2020) https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/279537/search-planet-x 2. Among other ways to win points within the game > One thing that makes some vetocracies illegitimate, however, is that a small group of people wield far outsized power relative to their numbers. >I agree the US Senate should have a supermajority voting requirement You might be looking at things differently, but to me there is a lot of friction between these two statements. The US Senate is the perfect example of a small group of people who wield outsized power relative to their numbers[1]. The small group of people are the small[2] state electors. The combination of rigid state boundaries, fixed representation, and population migration are necessary and sufficient conditions to power imbalance. Redistricting states, proportional representation, or serfdom are the antidotes[3]. In my mind this is the preeminent issue of our time. It is strife with dilemmas which culminate in an inability to make any meaningful structural change. The problem with these situations is that absent a viable legal path toward change, extra-legal change is an inevitable result[4]. 1. https://www.bloombergquint.com/view/senate-power-imbalance-t... 2. In population. 3. With obvious pros and cons and palatability. 4. See all revolutions ever. They just classified by UI. The good news is that humans are self-documenting. Touch-consent is as easy to do as asking a question. Not really sure what the big deal is. Not sure where you're getting that from. I would like to assume positive intent and the best interpretation of your position, but it's really difficult to not read this as "If we have to get consent for touching someone, then we have to get consent for all interactions. Therefore touch-consent is non-viable." Please help me understand how you aren't saying that. I'm trying to say this in the nicest way possible, but filling in the blanks with assumptions and then arriving at this conclusion is not the right approach. The right approach would be to talk to real life young people and young adults in this position and come to an understanding based on their experiences. The nuances of medical gatekeeping are at least a book-length treatise, probably multi-volume. Please, talk to some trans people in your life and parents of trans people with an open mind. Middle ground positions sound ok, but this this a squishy topic with infinite dimensions and designing systems that try to take a balanced approach do harm in unobvious and subtle ways. What do you think their agenda is? /gen > Does it really matter how much more harm it causes? Yes, the quantity and quality are the most important part of this whole discussion. Anyone should have a handle on these before drawing conclusions that intend to reduce harm. I'll make an analogy. How many times have you had to remind someone to profile before making optimizations? Studying harm is the profiling and making changes to reduce it is optimizing. > Why would you assume I have not? That's fantastic! What did they say about this? > There is literally no medical condition out there that is treated this way. There's literally no medical condition that intersects society this way. Why apply a blanket approach to all medical conditions? > looking at each case individually seems kinda middle ground to me. It sounds nice, but the outcome is that individual practitioners will exert their individual biases[1]. This is why we have things like DSM[2] in psychology, and in this specific case WPATH[3]. 1. Don't mistake this that my goal is zero biases. We're talking about reducing harm, not eliminating it. Let's not let perfect be the enemy of good. 2. An example of standards 3. https://www.wpath.org/publications/soc The Social Construction of Reality[1]. This book helped me in my personal life coming to terms with my identity. But it also helped me understand the art of discourse much more deeply. It gives the tools to easily and quickly identify implicit assumptions in arguments and drill down into why and how they are made. It also makes it very clear that people in general construct very poor arguments. You may already believe this, but just how poor they are is almost unbelievable. 1. Berger, Luckmannn1966 ISBN 978-0-385-05898-8 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:BookSources/978-0-38... A few years ago I momentarily set mine to Spanish just to see how it worked. Now, once every few weeks I randomly get a Spanish response. 99.9% of responses are English, just the odd ball Spanish one. I'm never going to file a bug report; it makes me smile. Part of me thinks I keep using it because of this. I guess, not really? But this results in justifying any existing rule and that conclusion is incompatible with my existing world view so I end up viewing it as an artifact of rhetoric rather than a result of logic. Thank you for the recommendation. I've also recently read Ásta's Categories We Live By which references Searle quite a bit. So it definitely tracks with the line I've been going down :) If we're going off pet theories, mine's got to be the lasting effects of a lifetime of lead poisoning[1]. Difficult adult personalities[2], emotional regulation[3] and emotional intelligence[4] are linked to childhood lead exposure. I'll be the first to admit that this is a strong stance, weakly held, and that we're probably never going to have conclusive evidence as to the likely infinite factors at play, but it's still fun to try to explain the clear patterns of behavior associated with these people. 1. p. 6 http://leadsafedemo.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/LEAD-PLAY... 2. https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2019/01/190123112330.h... 3. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6450277/ 4. By way of Takeuchi, H. et al. https://www.nature.com/articles/s42003-021-02435-0 Survivorship bias. All the wooden ones disintegrated over the millennia. Same. I spent 5 or so years working on a project when I (sh/c)ould have been working on myself. I knew I needed to be doing something so I manifested that change externally which made me feel like I was making progress on something - something apprehendable. What I needed to do instead was realize what those needs were, where they were coming from, and address them directly. Now I have a lot of catching up to do back-dropped with the emotional texture of lost time. Genuinely interested in hearing what other people get out of it. I couldn't get past Carse's overwrought use of chiasmus. After finally reaching the end, he places a coy little phrase which falls flat because he spilled the beans 66 sections earlier and it irks me to this day. This is a really good example of not liking a solution and resolving that conflict by denying the problem. Was there a single point in your life where your worldview crystalized or was it an evolving process? I'm genuinely interested in how people arrive at the place your at. Obviously a lot of directions to take this, but how is climate different from say the ozone hole story? To me it bears the same hallmarks. We don't fully understand the atmosphere, should we have left the problem alone? Who are we to say what the right size the hole should be. To top it off a lot of people seem to be afraid of it and claim it will mean the end of most life on earth. I'm curious how either you frame it as a different thing. Is it that we do understand ozone dynamics, or that people weren't afraid of it, or something else? It also generalizes beyond social networks. Another way of viewing this is simply medical student syndrome[1] transplanted onto the substrate of social media. Learning about a new thing biases people in a way that they over identify that thing. As a parent, I've experienced this in the last year. It was pretty easy to identify and correct for. Teens try out novel behaviors regularly. It's a good strategy for figuring out identity and maturing, but it does have these weird edge-cases that being on the lookout for and gently applying reality maintenance mechanisms corrects for. 1. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/in-excess/201609/bri... This solution doesn't reward enough money to service providers, it doesn't put enough personal responsibility on individuals, and it doesn't involve enough punishment for people to take it seriously. It would also be too much fun riding the booze bus home and we can't have that. The problem is that miners are buying GPUs. Without denying the problem, how can the market fix this? Sorry, not following. Can you explain how efficiencies in GPU production interact with network difficulty to produce lower GPU prices? I'm not finding much in the literature. Network difficulty adjusts to pull the demand curve to the right. That makes the GPU market supply-constrained. Any increase in supply will be met with a lower price equilibrium which will result in more GPUs bought and used for mining. Which results in a higher THR which will be met with additional increases in network difficulty which will pull the demand curve to the right ad infinitum. I'm not sure how much more economics 101 I can make this. As long as GPUs are part of the system, the GPU market will be supply-constrained. The supply and demand curves will continue to drift to the right. How does that make miners not buy GPUs? > you can't get around that there is just a lot of extra money in the economy right now and no amount of finger pointing is going to stop prices from rising. I tend to agree on two points, there is more money, and there are higher prices. However, there is a blind spot hiding in here which is easy to pass over and that's the assumption on the distribution of that extra money. The reason that this is important is that food scarcity for whatever reason, demand or supply constrained, is often the tipping point in an abrupt political developments, and we would like to avoid those if possible. It doesn't matter how. It matters when. Save yourself a few minutes and skip to the end where the author makes the argument: If I vaccinate now, then I will be encouraging vaccine mandates in the future. It really comes across as "if anyone tells me what to do, I'm going to do the opposite because if I comply they can tell me what to do again in the future." I get that this mindset is prevalent, but I have no idea where it comes from. Anyone with a similar outlook on life have a chance to shed some light on it? Was there a pivotal event or a series of situations that accumulate? Having not gone through that, it's hard to relate. This is much more laid out than the article. Thank you. The author would do well to be more clear on their real point - so much of it is buried in the epilogue. For reference, they seem to be: - Medical procedures [should not] be forced onto people without an impenetrable foundation of evidence to support them - Vaccination status should not limit people's ability to dine in restaurants and board planes with impunity[1] - No one should be shamed for not being vaccinated Part of me wonders what they author thinks would be an "impenetrable foundation of evidence", but if it's written similarly, we may never know. 1. This was difficult to tie back to vaccines directly. It seemed to be based on an idea that rational actors should be able to make individual choices. > It allows for minimal disruption to thinking process Willing to dive into this a bit more? My personal experience is different so I figure this is a chance to learn something new. The subjective character of typing experience for me is like riding a bike, driving a car, walking, or speaking. That is to say that unless I'm mountain biking, off-roading, on a balance beam, or trying to say a tongue twister, for the most part I'm unaware of the intention-execution-results loop, and the intention-results loop is all that consciously exists. My paltry 50-60wpm doesn't feel like an impediment to putting thoughts into text, but maybe others feel differently. Maybe they enjoy non-monetary rewards? One of the joys of the internet for me is experiencing peoples' self-less creations. More of that please! The answers are also in the code which opens the door to speedruns. Not sure if you lurked much before creating an account. This is not my first account - I've been here since 2014. HN took a strong left turn a couple years ago. Before that it leaned more tech, and before that more founder/entrepreneurial. If I had to guess, it comes from this change in user distribution as HN is a decent way to keep a pulse on tech and IC's simply have more labor concerns. (this is a weakly held take. just spitballing) I asked for "An apartment with only bathrooms". I got 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area. Not good. Rights are a social construct. Why couldn't we simply construct those examples as new rights? This is like posting your SSN to make yourself immune to identity theft. Corporations are a pattern of relations (social and economic) that are socially reproduced and codified by the legal system. The current body of law is a strange attractor for among other things, the reproduction of corporations as they exist today[1]. The way capitalism is coded is at the expense of experimenting with other systems[2]. Instead of experimenting with alternative systems of economic organization, we see an ongoing attempt to level all forms of alternative economic organization. In effect, the notion of "capitalism is the only known way" becomes a prescriptive rather than descriptive - a normative statement rather than a observational one. If we were truly looking for more advanced forms of organization beyond the status quo, I would expect that economic imperialism would not exist. Instead, even more aspects of basic society are capitalized and in recent decades also codified using the inflexible mechanisms of computer code. The last remaining hold outs do so at their own expense[3]. So no, I don't think we're exploring the possibility space of superior economic technology, we're stagnating. 1. As a self-preservation principle 2. See M. Fisher, Capital Realism - https://libcom.org/files/Capitalist%20Realism_%20Is%20There%... 3. Market, political, cultural, economic forces all contribute to the complete and total capture of universal capitalism. Those who wish not to comply face political, social, and economic sanctions from the individual to national levels. When EDA involves rendering tables or graphics, notebooks provide a faster default feedback loop. Part of this comes from the assumption that the kernel holds state and data loading, transformations, and viz can be ran incrementally and without switching context. That's not to say that it's not possible to do with a python repl and terminal with image support, but that's essentially the value prop of notebooks. Terrible for other things like shipping code, but very good for interactive sessions like EDA work. Personally, I find myself prototyping in notebooks and then refactoring into scripts very often and productively. I've found myself in a data science group by merger and this(what type of artifact to ship) is a current team discussion point. Would you be willing to let me pick your brain on this topic in depth? This is an excellent argument that nothing should get better for anyone. An NFT can be performance art if created intentionally as a dramaturgical action in the crypto theater. Why would the majority of people want that? There are more than just those two interpretations. Super determinism, for example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superdeterminism I can think of many simple yet incorrect definitions. They have as much utility as this one. It's easier than that: an engineer is someone who does engineering. I'm not convinced there is much utility in conferring the attribute of engineer to someone who is not practicing engineering when it's just as possible to say "She studied engineering" or "She majored in engineering" to denote the status of having an engineering degree but not engaging in the doing of engineering. Distasteful sure, but why would a company let distaste stand in the way of profit? This is corporate realpolitik. The only bad move is to leave opportunity on the table. A society seeped in commodified self-critique renders impotent any critique of real substance. That's what's so intriguing about the current political economy. It has effectively packaged up critiques of itself and folded them into the spectacle. Through this lens Severance may be a harbinger of future work critique films. Given the state of labor relations it's easy to imagine an appetite for films that give viewers the cathartic release of work tension they hunger for. In the context of the first statement, it's also easy to see the dangers in this pattern of behavior. I have the same shared trauma response. Really does have me thinking back to my school years and trying to grapple with the two opposing feelings of "that was a lot of fun" and "gosh, why is it still giving me nightmares?" Git+DVC is an option. I haven't personally used it, but I'm prepared to explore it when my team stumbles onto the problem of "code and data need to be in sync or things will break in very terrible ways." I like the hate example. In the same way that another poster mentioned local minima and metastable solutions, I see that unfolding in the current socio-political landscape. There is a metastable solution we're currently refining. That memeplex becomes an increasingly difficult well from which to escape. In a sense there may even be an ideological escape velocity to some of these memetics attractors. On broader scales, the dominant mode of production is a metastable state. In the same way we might experience false vaccum decay, the current mode of production may undergo the same kind of spontaneous transformation. What's even more interesting is that it has done this at least three times already. The gist of the argument is that utilitarianism provides unintuitive responses in certain cases therefore, we should default to deontology. The utilitarian edge-cases are not unfamiliar to me, however deontological systems suffer from failures too. Perhaps the author is not familiar with the nuts and bolts of deontology? Deonological failures present themselves as conflicts of duty or moral dilemmas. It's not difficult to contrive these ourselves or easily find a ready-made list. To that end, the author's conclusion of defaulting to deontology is logically inconsistent - it merely avoids them by not bringing them up at at all. Why default to deontology then? If this framing doesn't escape moral conflicts then it's no better than utilitarianism! Surely he should be familiar with logical reasoning then as well. Yet the argument present here is 'A bad, therefore B' without any evidence that B doesn't also have its own problems. If he is an authority on deontology, he would do well to provide evidence by way of his writing. Try to steelman this: the reification of the construct of time makes it appear as an independent objective object. That need exists, but clocks aren't the only way to solve the problem. This is HN after all. Disrupt time. Sell store availability as a service. APIify that shit! Tinezones are a great example. Why should zones be moulded to fit any geographic or political boundaries? Surely time is above petty human inventions like national borders. If time was a permanent unyielding fact this shouldn't be possible. Yet we bend time when it's convenient by reshaping the zones by which time operates. I love this argument. It's the same with science. We shouldn't collect evidence that overturns the current theories because in the future we might collect even more evidence that and overturn future theories. We must remain intellectually stunted lest we make any progress at all. There is no time outside of our ability to measure it. Every such measuring device is a clock. Separating the two is a pointless reification of time. Our awareness of such events is itself a quantification. Just as we can estimate distance we can measure with more refined instruments. The same applies to all physical quantities. I'm making the radical constructionist point based on Berger and Luckmann's The Social Construction of Reality. Nearly all knowledge is socially constructed and appears as though it isn't through the process of reification. This is different from the realism-idealism divide. That is about as simple as I can make it. It is probably just as useful as saying a spinor is a square root of a vector. While simple, it doesn't do much to illustrate the point. A background in constructionism can however be had at the expense of reading 189 pages. If there is money to be made in black boxes, black boxes will prevail. This sentiment is summed up perfectly in a Mitchell & Webb Sound titled Identity Theft[1]. 1 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS9ptA3Ya9E Are there any downsides of being connected you can think of? To be free of the spectacle of the modern world, what a delicious treat! How rich. We will of course never read the emails of any manhunts botched by the LAPD.