I'm not personally amazingly sympathetic. He uses his service for business purposes at home (as a consultant) - as he is perfectly entitled to do so. If he had paid for a business class account, he'd be fine. I pay Comcast right on $100 a month for 22/8mbps, with 5 static IPs, no throttling, and no caps - I work from home and according to my firewall had approximately 800GB of traffic last month (and that usage is not out of the ordinary). This surprises me. When I had Comcast Business Cable installed at my home, the telephone rep got the install address, paused a moment, asked, "Is that a residential house?". I said yes, and all was fine. No raised eyebrows from the installer either. In fact, my boss/company owner, who lives outside Scottsdale, who can't get more than 144kbps IDSL got so sick of things that he ordered a first, then a second bonded T1 to his house, without any hiccups. From the article: "And if you are careful enough to save money (for example living at home saves about 3K a month when all is said and done) and not increase your expenses too much (no need to get a Porsche when a BMW or VW suffices), it’s not hard to save 200K by the time you turn 24." Uhh, sure? 200K at 24, in savings? So that's about 250K pre-tax. Say you graduate high school at 18, find a magical job that gives a high school grad $42,000 a year, and spend /not one cent/ for six years, maybe... (or extrapolate outwards). Or maybe you go to college. Graduate, let's say, age 21... In this economy, how many college graduates walk out of school into an $85,000/year job and no living expenses... Never underestimate the value of a silver spoon in your mouth... and never underestimate the power of denial about just how silver your spoon is. I'd strongly suspect that this guy is definitely in the upper middle, to begin with. "Why buy a Porsche when a BMW will do?", complaining about the duldrums of a six digit income... talking about being easily able to have quarter of a million in savings at age 24... etc, etc. And I can appreciate the response... the information you're providing is absolutely interesting... perspective is different, nothing more... Is hard to discuss such things without some numbers... keep writing. :) Without belittling any tragedy, and with the obvious bias of being a firefighter, whilst trucking may be more deadly than being a firefighter, the situation you describe is largely in response to the fact that that person typically gave their life in order to try to save a stranger, or their home. Despite the risks to themselves, they put their hand up and said "I will go into that burning building if I know you are in there. I will risk life and limb to get you out. And in the process, I acknowledge that there is a chance that -I- may be the one that doesn't come out." Their big funeral, with all of their peers? Is but an acknowledgement of that. No-one made them make that decision, but they did. Their peers come because they want to show support to the family and friends, knowing that if that worst should happen to them, they'd want their own family and friends to have that support. "-considers something "robust" if it doesn't break old code, when the rest of us hate it because we have to live with register_globals and other horrors" Agreed - as a PHP programmer (mainly in Zend Framework), who is now learning Python... I hate register_globals. With a fiery passion. More importantly, as someone who hosts several photographer websites, I have a bone to pick with http://bludomain.com/ - congrats on your eighth birthday. Have you updated your code since you were born? It's a travesty that involves turning on almost every deprecated option in a php.ini. :\ The same impoverished underclass with access to Blackberry's and smartphones with data packages who can't afford to put new shoes on their feet? Are you really claiming this? I'm not so convinced... I went to my Apple store to buy an MBP, 17", 8GB, SSD. Nope. "We only stock the HDD models in store here." Not "we're out of stock". Hmm, okay... well maybe I could just buy an SSD from NewEgg, and sell the HDD... "What about with 8GB... I only see 4GB prices out here." "Yeah, we don't stock 8GB models. We can install 8GB and give you the 2 x 2GB chips." Yeah, not so much. The iPhone 4 has 326 ppi and I just took off my glasses and > I really had to focus until my eyes hurt to be able to see a single pixel. (I failed, I couldn't see one) Also I have to get really close on to my PC screen to see single pixels (235 ppi) > Now my question is, how could my retina have 530 ppi if I can not identify single pixels on a 326 ppi device? I guarantee you can. Make a nice white image and place a few single pixel black dots on it. You'll see them just fine. Or, for that matter, dead pixels. Read the comments on the article for a far better analysis / explanation than the article itself. In fact, checking in will still be around, and location info will be able to be attached to -any- content on FB. Because Apple supplies fiber to Moscone Center, right? ;) Apple releases "Retina Display", with ultra-high resolution: "Amazing! So much better than anything else! So crisp! So beautiful!" Someone else releases lower pixel density display for laptop, but far better than what Apple deigns to offer: "Ugh! No! How can you read that? That just gives you eye strain..." (Exaggerated for emphasis) Fake! Steve would never say, "Relax, read the iPad, Facetime Tim Cook"... It'd be "Relax, read iPad..." :) Two words: Power Shell. Well, one word. PS is a "decent command line" for Windows, that can handle most of the things you discuss pretty well. I can't feel too much pity for Mr Assange here. You'll notice he never said that the publisher had no authority to do this release - because you can guarantee that they do. Julian is hardly the first author they'll have had bail out after an advance check has been cashed, and their contract will allow them to recoup the costs any way they see fit, including releasing drafts as is, sending the manuscript to (another) ghost writer, etc. If he is actually innocent, then it sucks that all this money is being channeled to lawyers. But even that is of his own doing. I'm relatively certain that, had he stayed in Sweden and let the legal system run its course, his legal bills would be orders of magnitude smaller - though of course there would be the possibility that he would be found guilty. Instead he chose to flee the country, and his exorbitant costs are due to the fact that he's not now in a Swedish courtroom with an attorney defending sexual assault charges, but in the English High Court with a team of QCs and SCs specializing in constitutional and human rights law defending an extradition request, so as to deny him the ability to avoid justice, and to deny his accusers the right to have their claims heard. "Does this add value to the discussion?" Nope. "The MBA, which has fundamentally changed the way people think about computers"... Err, no, I really don't believe it has. "2:02PM Phil's taking a shot against the Atrix, Thrill, and Inspire 4G. "The iPhone 4S is just as fast as these phones."" Wow. "Guys, this is awesome! Our new phone is just as fast as an Android phone that came out a year ago!" (The Atrix, about to be supplanted by the Atrix 2). Do you think that might have something to do with the variety of models available? That people are more free to pick what hits their aesthetic desires, as well as form, functionality, features? Whereas with the iPhone, you basically have "the iPhone". So of course sales are consolidated into that one model. There is. As there is with most of the "4S vs 5DMkII" comparisons. For example, the 4S photos are highly saturated (known to be a trait of the iPhone) and sharpened (whereas the S95 and 5D shots do not appear to have had any sharpening). In the first set of photos, the iPhone shots have a completely different DOF to that of the two cameras (and not even shot from the same position). The "4S versus 5DMkII" video comparison going around conveniently ignores the little footnote in the accompanying description where the tester states that he "adjusted the 5D settings down to match the 4S options available", i.e. "4S video matches highly handicapped 5D video"... No doubt, the 4S has impressive still and video functionality, but you're looking at a couple of lenspieces smaller than a penny versus 12+ pieces of glass in an L lens... The screaming one to me is that O in Helvetica is a circular shape, whereas Roboto has vertical lines. There are definite similarities, but a multitude of fairly significant differences. And yet, nicely cherry-picked videos and stills from the iPhone 4S promotional material are just fine for stoking the fires of iOS vs the rest... And yet, his "words to avoid" talks specifically about "GNU is not a tool set", either... "How did we lose sight of the fact that this is the entire purpose of stylesheets? To separate the display of information for various devices/platforms/needs. So yea, they should provide a "netbook style", and any other. That's really the point of it all." Seems to me, "a couple of years ago". That's when any real innovation in CSS seemed to cease.* * I can hear people arguing already. By "innovation in CSS", I don't mean "cool, awesome tricks" like "being able to render strange bullets in pure CSS by bastardizing four divs, a span, and a dozen lines of stylesheet", or "a bargraph library that outputs pure CSS". Those are cool, awesome tricks, to be sure, hacks, but the very definition of "solving the wrong problem". "Arch Linux with ZFS-FUSE in RAIDZ2 configuration: 4x2TB HDD = 7TB of storage that can survive dual drive failure." Uhh, 4 x 2TB raidz2 will give you 3.6TB of storage... "Though I guess they could've been helping the fire department locate the fire or something; I'm sure it'd take quite a while to check for fires before giving an all clear." As a firefighter, I can -guarantee- that would never be the case. Depending on the severity of the alarm, we have our own tools for a) finding the fire - thermal cameras, etc, and b) getting to them - there's a reason forcible entry is taught in Fire Academy. :) No, they were just putting themselves above their employees. When something not turning out "as you expected" means that there is a high potential for death or injury to /an uninvolved party/, then absolutely you have failed in your responsibilities, especially when it is something that your planning or contingencies could and should have accounted for. I guess, then, by your logic, if no-one was responsible, there will be no compensation, right? After all, not their fault that a cannonball just happened to rip through someone's house. What an outdated idea, indeed. (Though of course, in reality, the production company / insurer will probably pay for all damage and some compensation while trying to make the homeowner sign a document stating that they accept no responsibility or liability and that it's a goodwill gesture). There's an easter egg there, too - try Control Shift drag. Yeah, it costs Amazon nothing to run... Maybe Amazon should be complaining that the retailers don't have to manage huge server farms, or employ hundreds of technical staff, or so on. They both have costs associated with doing business. Amazon has to pay ongoing infrastructure costs that the retailers don't, they have to take care of sales and other taxes that Amazon might. Video -hosting- (and ancillary features) is included in what you pay for. Access to other parties videos? Is not. And the party you contracted with (Google) has contracts with other entities. Has nothing to do with "rights". If you have a problem with the contracts entered into, then act accordingly. For what? Being denied their natural right to have content hosted by Google at no charge? Wait, hang on... Except they make out like bandits in that case. Hefty fees to the merchant, jacked up transaction fees... I understand your communication just fine. HN is however not immune to its own little cults or pockets of personality worship. Questioning some of those people, however validly, will often result in downvoting for your gall. Does anyone actually use Tumblr for original content, or for that matter, text? 99% or more of the Tumblrs I've seen are just people recirculating other Tumblr photos. "Apple-like innovation"? What's "Apple-like" about making an antenna? Wasn't "Apple-like" the reason for free bumpers and "you're holding it wrong"? Try as I might... I can't justify, or figure out how $50 (+ $10 for a mobile app - used to be $20) for a To Do list, however nice, is worth it. This might feel / seem a little deceptive - but I would consider having a "female-themed/friendly" theme for the site too. Two domains, one DB, etc. Because other than that, I think you're going to have a huge problem finding female members. I do like the sense of humor, imagery-wise, and the design. "Adam Savage later said that he had been told he had better get his ass into damage control mode, and that it didn't matter if he sounded foolish in saying it was all a mistake". I'm usually fairly anti-Gruber. But this was, in all respects, an interesting and insightful read, well thought out, and offered little in the way of Gruber's worshipping at the pedestal of Apple. Granted, you did mention iOS work, which limits your choices, but there are several laptops there that absolutely can compete as desktop replacements, including one I've used: Dell Precision M6600, Core i7-2820QM 2.3GHz,16GB (can take 32GB), graphics cards up to Nvidia Quadro 5010M 4GB, 1080p resolution display, SATA 3 SSDs "I just did this with a new product we launched. My lowest plan was priced at $9/month. We did a usability test with our target market and ask them (at the end) what they expected to pay for a product like this. Only 1 person said a number lower than $20/month–and they went as high as $100/month." However, that doesn't imply that they WOULD pay that for a product. The conclusion they might draw (validly or otherwise) could be "I'd expect to pay a lot more for this product, so I won't even consider it an option - it's out of my range." I might expect to pay $1,000 for a table for 4 at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I might be pleasantly surprised to find the average bill around $600. That doesn't mean I'll pay $600 for that, though. "This marketing spend is disproportionately targeted at the US, as it's one of the few countries which permits heavy marketing of prescription drugs directly to normal people." By few, you mean two, soon to be one. The US and New Zealand, and New Zealand has passed legislation to phase it out. The US will be the only country in the world where you can be advised of your potential need for a prescription drug not by a medical professional, but by an actor on a television screen. "The doctor flatly refused -- MRIs were only available after physical symptoms had developed. Of course, at that point, the available treatments for a flare-up of MS are less effective at preventing long-term neurological problems. (Happily, I am back in Japan now.)" There's your mistake. You didn't see a doctor who owned (or who had bought a share in) an MRI machine. Those doctors are 4.2 times more likely to refer patients for MRI than doctors who don't. Not sure why this was downvoted, other than "USA! USA!". Disclaimer: I live in America. "but if USB is supplanted by something like Apple's Thunderbolt (convenient, huh)" By which you mean "Intel's Thunderbolt, which Apple was the first vendor to license"... "To a certain degree"... Not so much... So I, as a Content Creator, have to a) be mindful of, and b) take action to opt out of 1) Pinterest, 2) any other of a potentially large number of sites / applications, purely in order to ensure said sites don't claim commercial rights to and derive income from my work and effort? Not the way it works, or should work, say I. They shouldn't. At least if they follow their own rules. They cracked down heavily on sites (like experts-exchange.com) who would display results and answers to GoogleBot, but when humans attempted to browse that page, they had to register/ pay to see the same page. Because "without it, you will die" is an amazingly effective motivator. Someone I know recently had a double lung transplant. Even with insurance, employer support, and many donations from a large community supporting, he was told that a) the procedure would cost approximately $1-1.1M, and b) that a downpayment in the order of $400,000 would have to be received PRIOR to approval being given for the procedure to go ahead. His insurance? Would only cover $350,000, after the procedure. His illness? Cystic Fibrosis. His age? 32. Not so much that, to me - both parties have a great idea of what their costs might be, but the consumer has the critical information - "of the options open to me, which will I choose, if any?" The "ignorance" is in "likelihood of utilization", not "cost of utilization". "Even better we were able to get rid of the 'select your card type' field since that was detected by Luhn." FYI: Card Type is not determined by Luhn algorithms, but rather (broad brush strokes, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_card_number#Issuer_Identif... for more detail): 3 - American Express 4 - Visa 5 - Mastercard / Diners 6 - Discover "So, not burning, but still, not the best news. Maybe it's a faulty device?" Except for the fact that many people are complaining of similar issues. I've found myself trying to get more productive when I'm "forced" into Vim, and mostly failing, and reverting to Sublime Text 2. As a result, I've looked at plenty of Vim evangelist links on HN looking for inspiration in learning more about productivity with the editor, and honestly? This is one of the first that has given me some real insight, some workable examples, and something to go on. It does have a cheerleader tone to it, definitely, but really? I wish more "advocacy/evangelism" posts on HN had this flavor (and substance) to them. Tortious interference? When Party C (the prospective employer) attempts to induce Party A (the prospective employee) to break a contract (the TOS) they have with Party B (Facebook)? And almost no Windows "malware" in the last decade has been a traditional "virus" either. Trojans, social engineering, all so much easier. Citation? The last thing along those lines I'd heard of was the PNG(?) exploit. And people say we're not in another bubble. People through comments saying things like "well, VCs needed to double their investment - this lets them do it in a few months" Wish I lived in a world where I should have expectations of a several hundred percent ROI on investments. Interesting quotes. But I find myself skeptical. (b) and (a) seem, on the face of it, to be mutually exclusive. Either Marc found himself being recused from meetings that happened without his knowledge, at both his own company, and at Facebook, or he -was- aware of his recusal and either didn't know ("plausible deniability"?) of the subject of discussion (which, if he was recused, seems redundant), or he -was- aware of the subject, aware of his being recused from multiple board meetings, and being "surprised" by the "Oh, hey, Facebook now owns that company your company owns a meaningful percentage of". That, and we're also being asked to believe that Facebook makes billion dollar acquisitions not only by recusing directors with related interests, but by deceiving and misleading them. AND that the board of Andreessen Horowitz feels that it should / can act the same way to its namesake founder, Mr Marc Andreessen, and feels it proper to accept ten digit acquisition offers without him. As I said, color me a little skeptical that (a) and (b) of his claims are accurate. Already "expired" due to high demand.... So they can invest -some- of the money in the US. And pay salaries, bonuses and dividends with the rest - without paying the appropriate corporate income tax rate first. That's why. This isn't hugely new (though the idea of giving players a choice is) - Eve does this every year for their "birthday", usually a unique design shuttle. From my memory of the Eve economy, it seems like the (in game) value of some of these gifts heavily outweighs the others (though all are really only of "value" to new players, as they are purchasable by a more experienced player with an hour of NPC combat, if not less). That's the other iPhone sleight of hand. iPods do video? No-one wants their iPod to do video... [pause] One more thing... iPod now does video Single core, dual core? No-one cares, it's about the experience... [pause] One more thing... the 4S is now dual core! So you don't need iOS hardware, just Apple hardware... so much better! Interesting bunch of inferences and extrapolations there. "Signal for litigious behavior" - because we all know if you promise something, you shouldn't have to follow through on it unless it really works for you, and you're not upset about something else entirely. That whole "after the DB damage, I'm hesitant" implies both admission of situation, and vidictive behavior on the part of the company. Why shouldn't he be feeling litigious? Is part of your recruitment process "Must be spineless and / or company man"? "many of whom are more reliable than this guy"? How has he demonstrated lack of reliability? Docking wages for employee mistakes unless (and perhaps even if) wilfully negligent is /highly illegal/ in every state in the US, and will have the Labor Board all over your company and slapping you hard with fines and punishment. And therein lies the rub. Panic is hardly alone, but where once stood a legion of Mac users screaming bloody murder (and rightly so) at websites that were "Designed for IE on Windows", now there is a generation of "Works in Safari? Looks good on my iPad? Ship it!" designers and developers. Agreed. Especially not when algorithmically managed. It is in no way comparable to a curated service / site. The author refuses to admit any bias in their position, too (that they make money in and around the world of affiliate marketing). True, unusued CPU power is "going to waste", but when an i7 950 overclocked to 3.5GHz, running of an SSD and 1600MHz memory with Chrome 18 uses 20% of CPU for a transition that's a problem (though with what is a different argument). My point, though, was that to me it highlighted a more symptomatic issue, that a certain segment of the population, who used to rail against discrimination against their chosen platform, are more than happy to cheerlead / defend / exonerate discrimination for their chosen platform. When said person is occasionally and randomly having friends or guests over, sure. When said person is making a fulltime income solely from renting space in an apartment that he is only leasing, well, "most people" would think "I should probably take a look at my lease first"... The entire thing to me is a little disingenuous. Apparently, according to an orthopedic surgeon, his study shows that people think orthopedic surgeons should be paid $16,000 or so for a knee replacement. And that Medicare "only" pays $1,400. Let's clarify: Medicare pays the surgeon "only" $1,400. Medicare payments for the surgery are far higher. Equipment, drugs, in patient stay, therapy, anesthesiologist... Bear in mind, now, that the typical knee replacement takes 1-3 hours. Those 1-3 hours are what lets the surgeon pocket his $1,400 (from Medicare - more if privately/insurance billing). Although the study is billed as an example of the disconnect of public knowledge, it seems difficult to imagine it as anything less than an attempt to increase Medicare payments to surgeons, which are already in the realm of $500-$1,000 an hour for this particular procedure. It's not that impressive, when you consider that Sony has let you select a 1920 resolution on some of their 13" laptops for over a year. Lest I be considered a nay-sayer, I'm going to be getting an MBP largely for the resolution boost. "Crashing all the time"? This isn't the days of 95, 98, and early XP... Crashing and BSODs are a thing of the past now, unless you buy a non-name peripheral, or have faulty hardware (which will crash an Apple just as quickly). Heroku had to coin some words of their own to "mask" the fact that their services are but engineering on top of the AWS stack (which isn't to belittle the effort involved). "So, only your first argument ($99/year, for 100 devices) is actually correct." Only if we allow you blowing off the "need a Mac" requirement to equal zero dollars... It's kinda a decent sized hole in your argument. Does that mean they're not allowed to decide they require him back, and then go through the "proper channels" to do so, if he refuses voluntarily? It's not a double jeopardy situation. When you know that the due process (which involves making sure he doesn't have the ability to later claim that due process wasn't followed) requires an in-person interview, then throwing up platitudes (that you know won't, can't be accepted, but which make you look entirely reasonable) is duplicitous at best. Point me to any country in the world where a telephone interview of a suspect or person of interest in a crime is an acceptable totality of due process or investigation. 2007 was hardly "a more innocent time" for the Internet. Napster had been shutdown years before and was still winding through the courts, for example, and The Pirate Bay was an (Internet) household name. BusyCal looked good. Until I saw it was $50. Plus another $40 to allow syncing?!? Sorry, I find it really hard to justify nearly $100 for a calendar app. True. Even while I love ST2, have purchased a license, and swayed my boss on the subject, it remains, if nothing else, surprising that there isn't a Preferences / Control Panel / Options style option, even as a plugin / package. I love how you compare oranges to apples, rather than to Apple. The most apt comparison you can make for doing this is "fast food", rather than the 800lb gorilla in the room, Apple, who had to be sued to include "screen images simulated" and "sequences shortened" in their iPhone ads...? "and also being (somewhat sensitive)" "As for the received email, I had just enough time to reply "If you put as much effort into the rest of your work as you did this email, you'd still be working here" before the guy left." One of these things is not like the other... Agreed. He spends 326 words saying what can be summed up as "when you're small, small changes will be noticeable. When you're large, you'll need to make some larger changes to notice a difference". Actually, that's not a summary, so much as I challenge anyone to find more value or detailed analysis in the original piece.I read it and thought "what did I learn here?", not to mention how utterly vague it was. Well, technically - if you're thousands of miles out to sea, bouncing a signal to a satellite in orbit a few hundred kilometers above the earth may well equal the speed and latency of an equivalent fiber connection... Beg to differ / disagree. I'd say there's a lot less than 200 features, most are "refinements". I mean, really, is "Date Picker in Calendar now has a mini Calendar" is a "new feature"? A new widget on a control? "Were"? Have they stopped being sold? No, definitely not. IBM sold a 22" 3840x2400 (205ppi) LCD monitor over a decade ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_T220/T221_LCD_monitors Panasonic has also launched a 20" 3840x2160 IPS LCD display, too. So basically 15 ppi, then - your comment reads as someone trying to exaggerate the difference - the T220 was 205 ppi, and some of Apple's Retina devices are 221 ppi, a grand difference of merely 7% - well, seven per cent and eleven years. Well, they may not have had to do it, if Apple had not jumped at the chance (went the ruling was only tentative) to make a pro-active strike telling retailers they were not to sell the Tab. Why should they not then have to say otherwise? I liked the existing SatNav in my Prius for this. I could split the display, the left hand side showing the 3D turn-by-turn navigation view, and the right showing a top down, north-oriented view. On longer trips, I'd also zoom the right map all the way out to show start and end, so I could visualize the entire trip. Aside from anything else, really? Your app allows a user to send regular, scheduled text messages to friends saying "Where are you?" so that you get the benefit of knowing where they are? That sounds horrible for the recipients of these messages that I effectively have no way to opt out of, without telling my friend to knock it off. I could choose to ignore the request, sure, with the potential for passive-aggressive drama to follow. What are the use cases for this app that "Hey, where are you?" won't suffice for? "Here, click on this link and I'll see, on a map, verified by your phone - and this website will also get to know." NBA League Pass is $170… NFL, Season Rewind alone is $70, NHL's GameCenter Live pass is $170… How are you paying $250/yr for all three? Largely no. A severance package may be contingent upon it, but typically your last paycheck is expected to either be paid on the final day of employment, or on the next paycheck cycle (and in most states the former - and is typically done by check to avoid delays, whatever, legal claims). The apology was pretty weak. "Oh, hey, I was one of the ones who attacked you, your site, host, business. You got shut down, even though you did nothing wrong… Sorry." I'm paraphrasing, but that was pretty much it. No regret, no "what can I do to help?", "I'll try to correct the disinformation I spread", just a literal "I'm sorry." The end. Why? Do you anticipate a lowering of standards after the thrill has worn off? Yeah, so many of the Mac designers / evangelists who screamed the loudest about "Designed for IE" and other web evils have come full circle, and adopted a mantra of "Looks good on my MacBook with Safari, ship it!" > App.net has 8,000 paying customers and $550,000 in annual revenue Many of whom were backers who were sufficiently curious to pay to get access to / see the product. The real kicker will come at renewal time, and how many of those customers remain. You definitely did drink the Kool-Aid: "I paid for a product, I can't login, and I can't fix things so I can login. But I'll meekly 'reserve judgment' rather than lambasting what should be a fairly important issue." "I used to explain to people at work that I shouldn't have to carry a Palm and a phone, for example." You didn't - instead, you could have carried a Blackberry, for one. Note that LendInk had no contract, either with Amazon, authors, or users of the service. If anything, if this was the route intended, said authors COULD try to claim "tortious interference" (whereby a third party induces or enables the breaking of a contract between the first and second parties), but in order to do so, they'd first have to establish that a) the spirit of the contract with Amazon was 'friends and family lending', something that is not at all hinted at in the letter of the contract, and b) such a thing was known by LendInk and they knowingly set forth to do business regardless - and I think there would be a nebulous case with difficulty proving either. On the other hand, perhaps there are some defamation cases floating around that LendInk could win, possibly also interfering with someone's livelihood? US (and most other nation's) law specifically nullifies either any clause or the entirety of any contract that is found to reference illegal behavior. In addition, there are also whistleblower statutes, to further protect in such situations. Maybe so, but then again - "contribute for free, after we raised a whole lot of money and funding for our work"... With apologies for hijacking the thread - I tried resetting my password for my existing account today, but have had no luck to my gmail address getting anything, and there is no other contact information on the website... help? "previous full Retail(i.e. $500+) Windows licenses" By $500+, you mean "less than $250", right? http://www.amazon.com/Microsoft-GLC-00182-Windows-7-Ultimate... "found my holy grail Django books" Curious - what are these? "1. Sprinklers and fire exits? Arguably necessary." "Arguably"? No, they're absolutely necessary. It's a multi-tenant building. Why should my property and livelihood be threatened by your inability (or lack of desire) to follow the fire code? "2. ADA compliant bathrooms and wheelchair ramps? Not part of a reasonable MVP[1]." A reasonable MVP should include the ability for a social, interactive space to be inclusive. And sorry, it's not the same as a startup deciding what features to include in their initial launch (which arguably happened a long time ago - this, now, is when the details need to be nailed down). Oh, and the ADA is Federal Law, precisely because of businesses and such that felt that discriminating against a subset of the populace was an "acceptable" omission (for their "MVP" or otherwise). "3. As for "building permits", they are just a tax by the local government" That they are. Building permits are a method of more fairly distributing the cost of amenities and public services. You have ongoing property taxes for maintenance and upkeep, but a development may trigger a review - is water, power, sewage, traffic control, parking, adequate? Such reviews cost money. I'm confused though, how you then chose to quote an out-of-context example about "some" (unnamed) cities choosing to root out code violations - something not entirely the same, and actually largely designed to find people who have chosen to skirt their community obligations by not using the permit process. For the record? I'm absolutely for the Hacker Dojo and wish more existed around here (and / or that I had the time / ability to found one). Do either Evernote or Moleskine really qualify as startups, though? (not that that necessarily changes things, though I'm not convinced that it's as revolutionary as being made out to be... certainly evolutionary). Firefighter / paramedic (/ IT geek) here: I took a patient today out of the ER (via ambulance) to a skilled nursing facility. There were a lot (for us, 6+) ambulances in the receiving bay. Patient comments: "Wow, busy. Usually when I'm going to the ER, and I see that many ambulances, I say to my friend "we'll come back tomorrow when it's quieter"." Read into that what you will. I love Amazon, have a Kindle 3, Prime, spend thousands a year there... but I'm getting pissed at their handling of firmware. The Kindle Keyboard is getting regular steady updates, font rendering, smoothing, functionality and features.... none of which are getting shipped to the 3... seems as soon as the Keyboard came out, they decided that was it for anything older. Kinda like Apple thought they could get away with edited iPhone sequences, that showed all sorts of things happening far quicker than they ever do in real life. They had to be coerced, legally, to concede this. "Sequences shortened". When you fund a Kickstarter project, you're investing in the project. If it does not fully fund, you receive a refund from Kickstarter. If it does, your funds go to the project, who are on their best effort to successfully launch the project. You are NOT, however, directly purchasing a reward. You receive a reward as a gift for helping to fund at a given level. "Do put out your own fires if you house catches fire. - i have a sprinkler system installed so it's unlikely I'll need them." Haha. Sorry. As a Firefighter, you're very wrong. It'll definitely help, no doubt. But most commercial buildings today have sprinkler systems, and they burn. "I suspect I could get private insurance to cover this though in a free-market. pay small money into pool (just like taxes) and we can all have firemen without your government." Plenty of places do this. And it's an unregulated market. With sometimes horrific consequences. Grant's Pass, Oregon, for one, with three fire companies. Make sure you do your research - you don't want to get the company that has an engines with insuffient GPM capacity, or doesn't have sufficient tenders/tankers if you don't live in a hydranted community. Make sure their firefighters are all accredited (there is both an art and a science to it). Make sure they have SCBA so they can go inside your burning building (or your neighbors, who might cause a risk to yours). These are things you think should be obvious, but are not. "Also, if you don't live in a city, it is very possible that there are no firefighters who will come to your house." Most such areas also have a volunteer firefighter presence. And for those backers not at a reward level? But you ignore the bigger problem. How are you, as a Backer, able to require a refund because a Project breached its terms with Kickstarter? "To get that in writing, that’s 91.58 Mbps down and 35.01 Mbps up. For basically the same price, I’m lucky if I can get 9 Mbps down from Comcast here in Seattle. And that’s probably the fastest residential I’ve had in my life." I use Comcast in Seattle. I pay $109 a month (for Business Class). Right now, I get 55mbps down, 35mbps up. What a horrible trend. CSS = Cascading Style Sheet. A tool explicitly designed to de-couple semantics from presentation. Not to mention it's usually a case of "If you're using a bleeding edge browser beta, but not that browser, only this one". It's unintuitive for building such things, which is why there's such a "gee whiz" factor, that you don't see when someone draws an iPhone in Adobe Illustrator. I get the hack, I get the fun. But anyone who seriously advocates for a UI built of CSS bastardizations is "doing it wrong", as they say. Why not invest that energy in SVG support and tools for browsers? Creative tools will be more powerful and flexible. And it'll "just work". There is however a big difference between Lawyer A: "I see I made a sincere mistake and apologize." And Lawyer B: "Our machine gun takedown software fuzzy matches anything approaching our artist's name, or any track by him, doesn't examine the content, but just issue blanket takedowns by script." Disagree, in at least terms of the Calculator - that's not homage, that's blatant copying. Colors, identical, button shape and layout, identical, ratios, identical. The thing looks like someone traced it in Photoshop. That's not "homage". Disagree. "Informing everything they could"? That's why if you go to fitfu.com it's plastered with Buy Now, "Amazing Price Right Now", and not "Will be gone in six weeks"? Definitely looked at a few virtualization options (we use Citrix XenServer at work), but my rationale for LXC was making the most use of limited hardware (rather than being forced to commit, say, 2GB for VM A, 2 for VM B, and so on, instead having up to the full server resources available - this isn't strictly the "best practice" for a mock production environment but will suffice). "vim elite" may not have been the best phrasing - my intent wasn't to imply superiority and condescension, merely "text editor power user". Divvy is a nice tool, which I do use, and does make life a little easier, and if my preference deep down is that of a largely maximized world and Windows, so be it. I do really want to investigate Vagrant, and will check out your links, cheers! My only issue with "needing Windows or OSX" is that we do a lot of collaboration, which I can't argue out of GoToMeeting (which doesn't run on Linux), and I don't want to have to maintain a separate VM to mimic my development environment merely for these times (I realize, too, that I'm optimizing for a highly specific set of circumstances, here!) - were it just Office, or one or two tools, I'd be happy with Linux, and an XP VM. Thanks for the heads up - I'm comfortable in the CLI, I like Sublime admittedly, as I do PyCharm (but I understand the nuances of being able to become self-sufficient outside an IDE), had never really considered a tiling WM, but watching Tyler's intro was enlightening - I might have to try it out - I've used Divvy, and it seemed to solve part of my problem. (Not implying you specifically, nor is it necessarily a bad thing...) Interesting framing and perception - I've never read anyone say that "Mozilla charges Google for being the default Firefox search engine", it's always been "Google pays Firefox to be the default Firefox search engine". Same result, really, but it's interesting how much of a change it implies, passive vs active, etc. And yet a Kindle plus "Ad Removal" is still hundreds of dollars less than the iPad ($15 for the ad removal). Interesting how you were willing to consider the device beforehand, but that was a deal breaker. Or maybe it's a matter of principle... "There's no reason to assume he's being forced out." When another officer of the company says "We decided it was best for him to leave the company.", I'm not as sure there's no reason... I know it's marketing, but still: "We used limestone from a local quarry to restore it and modernize it. Nobody would have done this but Apple... it's absolutely gorgeous." It seems the RDF works inward as well as out. No, no-one would ever build a store which incorporates local elements and / or recycling/reuse. Not a better camera - it uses exactly the same camera as the 4S. You get panorama mode, though. A better cable, that has essentially obsoleted millions of peripherals. "Use the adapter", not so much - I for one have an in-dash GPS / deck with Pandora and the like that I can't use with the iPhone, even with the adapter, because it doesn't support iPod out. Thanks, Apple. Whereas Lightning just requires me to replace several of my accessories, not the cables - much better. No, I can't just use an adapter - I have a head unit in my car that gives me some fantastic functionality, integration with the GPS, Pandora, iPod, iTunes. I thought "Great, I can upgrade, use the adapter..." - sorry, no can do. The adapter doesn't support "iPod Out" which means no remote control of devices. Same for my bedside alarm clock, and it having the ability to wake me with my playlist, or control tracks from the console, no more 'remote control' for it. So so so frustrated. I thought Gruber was getting more balanced. I guessed wrong. Maps don't improve by themselves. They improve by complaints, feedback, input. They also don't degrade by themselves. Unless Gruber et al are under some amazing assumption that Google now has no investment in Maps, is not getting street data, topographical data, traffic data any more. Though, mind you, this assumption isn't far fetched. Much as some of these pundits live their life in the Apple ecosystem, they seem to be blissfully (or willfully) ignorant of the fact that "mobile Maps" is but one segment of Google Maps. Millions of people rely on it, daily, on their desktops. Interesting… "Fastest smartphone in the land (even though older hardware beats it on 1/3-1/2 of the metrics, which are not evenly weighted by any stretch)". Also, Jellybean has widely been shown to be more performant than ICS on the same hardware (S3 included), so one wonders why ICS was used (after all, software that was released yesterday should probably be compared to software released in July, not December last year, before the hardware came out), for a fair comparison, right? Who wouldn't talk up a light rail line called the SLUT? (South Lake Union Transit)... just saying. Right now, prohibitive... I believe the LIDAR system alone is around $80,000 on the current prototype cars. But down the road, we'll see. You know "Sequences and screen images simulated"? Know why that is on most cell phone ads? Because other manufacturers complained of deceptive practices in advertising when Apple would talk of how easy (and quick) it was to do something on the iPhone compared to other phones... I was impressed by the detail and level of disclosure in this post. Very little PR speak, very little vagueness and handwaving - Adobe acknowledged the severity and demonstrated how important they viewed their response. I have to give a nod of admiration for the professionalism of their handling of such a situation. Meh to 'risk'. I've seen employers tell my ex- that they were looking for someone to commit to multiple years, not just be fly-by-night. She agreed, and was laid off two months later due to 'change in business direction'. It's the flip side of 'at will' employment. Unless a company is willing to put it in contract, I would recommend often showing little hesitation in not being more open about your future plans than you need to be. If a company demands/expects loyalty, can you say that you expect they'll show the same loyalty when it's not working out for them? In the vast majority of cases (and it's not even necessarily malicious), absolutely not. You'll turn up one day, have a meeting with your manager, and, if you're (very) lucky, get some form of severance. Quid pro quo. Context is, as they say, everything. "Meh to 'risk' in the context of "I as an employer should consider females more risky". But... touché. How many Google products have you used? How many did you pay for? One apology: "Sequences shortened". And, no - the 3GS was targeted for a class action: http://www.wireless-weblog.com/50226711/the_iphone_3g_class_... "Twice as fast at half the price" The venerable 37S acknowledged that, as a result, the 3GS ads started including that phrase. http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1328-apple-iphone-ad-sequence... http://www.idownloadblog.com/2012/03/30/siri-la-suit-fake-ad... But nice pro-Apple shilling to make me sound like the bad guy. -- signed, an iPhone 4, 4S, iPad 3, 2G nano, 160GB classic iPod owner. Agreed. I'm not sitting here thinking "Oh, well, $50? Not interested... wait, only $36, count me in, then!" It's like a more desperate grab for customers, but unwilling to admit that the model may not be right. "Sorry, you're altering to your entire point from start to finish with this 'minor' correction?" Granted, I can see your point, definitely. The next sentence in my original post, though, referred directly to my intent: complaints that the ad deceived as to how "easy (and quick) it was to do something on the iPhone" versus reality. Huh, what? I find it hard to take seriously a rant on racism in the work place where, on not just one but several occasions, refer to someone who is being ignorant as a "dumbwhitemotherfucker". Yeah, not buying it. No, he doesn't. He just tells you how horrific it is that they are being racist, whilst ignoring the fact that he's letting off racist jibes any time someone says something ignorant (and in at least one of the occasions, honestly, not wilfully so). It might. I'm also sure that if this were my problem, I might realize that 'doing what they do, while calling them out for doing it' might be seen as something of a double standard. Much like some of the worst extremes of feminism, where it was forgotten that the goal was "equality", not "favorable treatment for women at the expense of men as recompense". He seems to have anger and martyrdom issues all over - even the start of the story. In a coffee shop on a laptop, man asks "Hey, do you play video games?", gives him a card as an IT recruiter looking for video games testers. His thoughts on this? "Is this guy for real, or an uber-creep [hitting on me]"... Which I gotta say, even from his telling of what happened, wasn't a possibility that entered my mind. SVGs are XML, which can be compressed transparently by the web server using GZip, which from my reading on the web typically gets around 70-80% compression on XML files, thus reducing the deficit fairly heavily. Also, that first comparison chart? "Most browsers don't support the full SVG featureset" - Firefox 3.1, Chrome 1.0, Safari 3.2? Sounds like exactly what I need - and what I usually use Dropbox for. If anyone could spare me an invitation... robert@chromablue.net Well, true - but I don't think it's automatically invalid, therefore, to call him out on a double standard. Let's face it, it's not going to change anything Siegler writes, nor likely to change opinions of his fans, but hell, he makes Gruber sound entirely objective. Interesting, how much perspective matters - I read the same article on Gizmodo, and some of the comments were a polar opposite. "You can kinda feel some sympathy for him, amongst his other issues, his wife comes off as a raging bitch." It shows how polarized American society has become that one person's compassion becomes another's "raging bitch". Somewhat - to them anyway, permission is "granted" by you choosing not to opt-out. It's a crazy, muddled-up, mixed up world. Apple also tries to promote the use of dropping the "the" and just referring to iPod, iPad, iPhone, etc. Should we also do this too, in deference to Apple? On the flipside, while not surprised at $20/hr, I read "First, she said Pathjoy is more affordable, charging only $20 an hour, compared to the $40 charged by most other cleaning services" and thought "Wow, where?", before realizing "Bay Area". A quick look at maid services in Seattle - even from agencies showed typically $15-25/hr, certainly none charging $40/hr. And in any case, do people really think the "value-add" of an agency for housecleaning amounts to $20/hr? Edit: not to mention, Pathjoy's $20/hr doesn't include the $5-10 "supplies fee". What would a meetup really give attendees? "Hey, you're a merchant who accepts credit cards? So am I! Kindred spirits!" Not to be non-constructive, but really am struggling to understand the "point" of this, and why it needs to get such attention. Tapbots are two developers. Tweetbot was released as an alpha in July, and at least from the blog, was started in 2012. So for approximately 10 months work, $1.4M divided by 2 developers, so, annualized, about $1M/yr/developer. That's not including the fact that during the same time frame, they're developing and releasing more applications (sources of revenue). That's some labour of love, even if you factor in 3 more years of ongoing maintenance and development. I'd love to have a labour of love that nets me around $250,000/year income as a base. The same CEO who said that the iPad mini at 7.9" is perfection, but "who would ever want to do a 7" tablet?" - reminds me of the hitchhiker in There's Something About Mary: Hitchhiker: You heard of this thing, the 8-Minute Abs? Ted: Yeah, sure, 8-Minute Abs. Yeah, the excercise video. Hitchhiker: Yeah, this is going to blow that right out of the water. Listen to this: 7... Minute... Abs. Ted: Right. Yes. OK, all right. I see where you're going. Hitchhiker: Think about it. You walk into a video store, you see 8-Minute Abs sittin' there, there's 7-Minute Abs right beside it. Which one are you gonna pick, man? Ted: I would go for the 7. Hitchhiker: Bingo, man, bingo. 7-Minute Abs. And we guarantee just as good a workout as the 8-minute folk. Ted: You guarantee it? That's - how do you do that? Ironic, given your comment, that FogBugz is $25-30/user/month, and aimed at non-individuals, typically, so teams and above, so a client could easily be paying Fog Creek hundreds or more a month. This wasn't a surprise storm, and it wasn't "more severe than expected" - this has been national news for a while. More it was "eh, we'll be alright, why pay for something and not use it, we'll just apologize later". Do you think so? To my mind, the set of people in that industry, as creatives, who would think "Hmm, I dunno. I'm not really sold / excited about the idea of working for Disney / Pixar / Lucasfilm... Oh, Steve Jobs is involved? That changes ... everything." (sorry, couldn't resist). These companies appear, at least to me, as the pinnacle of "career as a creative artist in film" employers - I doubt the personality of a board member / part-owner, even one with as much going for him as Jobs did, was ever the deciding factor in their ability to lure talent. Highly optimistic. Some numbers: Columbia Tower in Seattle, Firefighter Stairclimb event (I think you could agree a firefighter is probably on par with a soldier for fitness) - 63 stories carrying 50ish pounds of gear, average finish time, 48 minutes. 7 trips an hour up and down 17 stories = 119 stories. Oh, and the firefighters are exhausted, drenched in sweat, require cooling down and up to an hour in rehab for each climb, with legs near collapse, burning like fire... If I had to do this, I'd be going with the bucket brigade, every time (spoken as someone who has completed that stairclimb event). I am a little surprised by this - both Sony and Dell have had credible 1920x1080 options at 15" for several years (admittedly I prefer x1200, which has also been available) - both have also had 1920 13" options for at least a year. Yes, matte! (well, at least on the ones I know about - my Sony is matte - Glossy is better for little more than the store) Very much so. Similar story - last year, Olympia WA had a large snowstorm, upwards of 3-4' in 12-24 hours (which would be bad enough in most places, let alone a city without the infrastructure), and a state of emergency was declared (I'm a firefighter - had to go in and ended up working for several days straight). My girlfriend is a nanny for two attorneys who work for the state. Their offices were closed due to the storm, and to quote the recorded message, "due to the extremely hazardous road conditions, we are closing so employees do not have to attempt the drive to work, and indeed we urge them to stay off the road". My girlfriend's employers? "So, we'll be working from home - we were told it was too dangerous to go in due to the state of emergency, so we'll need you to be here (a 5 mile drive through mostly non-thoroughfare streets) an hour earlier to keep the (two) kids out of our hair." Talk about a cognitive disconnect. It's amazing the attitude even people who would swear blind, and believe, that they don't, have towards those they see as "the help". What makes you feel you're more entitled to have gas for your generator in an emergency than someone who can only afford a smaller multiple? Should you also have priority access to fire and EMS if you can afford to pay a bit more when need is high? Why the ?icebox=true parameter? I can't see any reference to it anywhere else, so it makes me wonder if this is targeting - that, and what exactly is the "Icebox fiasco" (I know of the client, but never heard of a fiasco). Not to mention calling OS X "the world's most advanced operating system" is entirely subjective, and highly debatable. As a tangential aside, reading the opening paragraph of this article reminded me - in the US, if you have cardiac arrest, you want to have it either the counties surrounding The Mayo Clinic in Minnesota or Puget Sound: While cities like Detroit, Chicago and New York have less than 10%, down to 2% survival for /witnessed/, VF/VT (ventricular fibrillation / tachycardia, the rhythms an AED can shock) arrest (i.e. the "best" cardiac event to have), Rochester Minnesota, and the three counties of King, Pierce and Thurston (Seattle, Tacoma and Olympia) have above 40 to nearly 50% survival. Learn CPR. -- a paramedic As a paramedic, the "DNR" thing is part "folklore", part reality, but not for the reasons you cite. If CPR is ineffective, the result is death. Dangerous? Not particularly. Most people wearing DNR tags (aside: even a DNR tattoo on the chest is not considered legally binding against "heroic measures", unless signed by a physician) do so to provide some measure of what the patient might want (due to life expectancy, illness, etc). Survival rate to discharge is HIGHLY dependant on many, many variables - I mention elsewhere that in certain parts of the country, due to concerted education and well managed/funded EMS systems, survival rates can approach 50% to discharge. You are right, though, successful CPR isn't going to negate the underlying cardiac condition. If CPR buys a patient a year to five years, the pain of broken ribs is probably fairly minor in the grand scheme of things. There are, as mentioned, a whole host of advances. My home EMS system does some fairly deep analysis of all CPR attempts and works to revise protocols, including what drugs to administer, through to 'continuing compression through defib shock' (studies done on medical students showing it to be a viable possibility). Ultimately, education is the key - the ability to get skilled compressions more quickly on the chest, continuing to perfuse the brain and other organs has a huge impact in survivability, as well as damage done. Good Samaritan laws cover a layperson attempting to do good (so long as you're not doing something a reasonable person would realize to be actively harmful). In most states, "ignoring" a DNR order is covered similarly. Point of interest: Even as an EMS provider, with a patient who has a valid and active POLST (Physician's Orders on Life Sustaining Treatment - a more detailed DNR, that offers advice on comfort measures, intubation, and the like) - if the family wants heroic measures (CPR, etc), then we are required to do so (though my personal moral and ethical compass has issues with this). I love my Vaio Z. It's a beautiful design and build. Hopefully not buried too deep, but any books recommended for getting into day-trading, either manual, or algorithmic? Kindle preferred, but definitely not the deciding factor. "they already use fairly exclusive materials for their hardware" What, exactly? As someone who has used an iPhone 3, 4S, iPad 3, and many other mobile devices, I'm really struggling to think of a material that is "fairly exclusive" to Apple. Not really, the UK during the Cold War had an ongoing problem with homosexual affairs in the Intelligence community (and the Soviet Bloc would even actively exploit this with agents who would seduce suspected or known homosexual employees) - particularly an issue given the time frame and location - many such people were ostensibly happily married, with children, and faced social and professional ostracization, even beyond legal and other threats aimed at them as a result. It works a lot less for the head of an intelligence agency, a political appointee, during an election season. Not really, Nokia's Lumia 920 does better on most: * Higher PPI and raw resolution * Better camera * NFC Benchmarks, the Nokia wins with SunSpider... Even versus the Galaxy S3, when benchmarked with ICS (though the phone was manufactured after ICS and specifically described as being optimized for Jellybean), the results were a very mixed bag ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4558580 ): iPhone 5 won in Browsermark, lost in GUImark, and Sunspider. (That whole article was a little frustrating - many problems with the benchmarking, and the conclusion) Disclosure: I've had an iPhone 4, 4S, iPad 3, which I recently (this weekend) moved away from to the Lumia 920. Comcast Business uses a modem with custom firmware that provides, among other things, a Management Interface for remote management, and specific support for multiple static IP addresses behind the modem. "Even though EA-18 crew probably wont shoot at the rouge transmitter" Better red than dead...? Realize that in many areas, rental increases have legislated maximums, or increased notice periods for any raise above a certain percentage. This is a cunning way around that. To complete the circle of irony, it seems that some of the developers who were the loudest to shout about standards-compliant web design and development when IE held the reigns are now guilty of much the same thing - the number of sites (and indeed blogs that either implicitly or explicitly state the same) that seem to have been designed with a "Looks great in Safari on my Mac, my iPad and my iPhone, ship it". For one (unnamed example), I recently built a launch page with a service that purports to do just that, provide a landing page of the "Coming Soon" variety, the ability to customize some links, provide some metrics, etc, and give your users a single page as a placeholder. The interface for this design - and more importantly the resultant page for end users - is utterly horrific, largely unusable in Firefox, Chrome and IE10. "Aside from the fact that most doctors are not wealthy beyond belief (contrary to popular opinion)". Certainly true. Cardiologists, on the other hand? Median salary: $362,000 (with 10th% at $247,000, 90th% at $502,000). In terms of procedure costs, Medicare pays a hospital nearly $40 for an ECG (and if you're paying privately, you'll be paying a lot more) - for a procedure that takes an assistant an average of 60-90 seconds to apply 10 pads, acquire a 10-15 second graph of heart activity, and interpret (though any ECG machine in the last decade does rhythm analysis of its own accord). In the field, paramedics routinely run the ECG process in 3-5 minutes. Well, no, it's arguably a "better" machine than the MBA in the sense that it can convert to a tablet, has a pressure sensitive digitizer, higher resolution, better sound system. And a fairly sweet deal for the instructors involved. 24 spots at $20,000 a pop = $480,000 split 3 ways for 6 months work, an annualized income of over $300,000. True, includes the Mac, and facility usage. And not actually a knock, hey, more power - just a back of the envelope. "I have a friend with a base model rMBP who took it into the Apple Store, and they replaced his with the maxed out model because that's the only configuration they had left in stock." That surprised me - I was looking at an MBP purchase at an Apple Store (fairly large one, Tacoma WA). My options were only 4GB and various sizes of HDDs. They "did not" stock 8GB models, or SSD models. Not "were out of", but did not. They offered to install more memory, but at the (already extortionate Apple price) cost of the full 8GB (and give me 4GB back). I ended up buying a Vaio Z, and have been fantastically happy with it: Carbon Fiber body, 13" 2.5lb, with a better processor (Core i7 3612), better screen (1920x1080), better graphics, and 8GB of memory. Oh, and it was cheaper. It is, and in most US states, is heavily regulated, something I don't see addressed by the OP (who in another post makes some veiled reference to Real Money Trading of in-game currencies, another "sketchy" industry). This was approximately two months prior to the rMBP release. I have no doubt that varying stores have different stock policies, but at the fairly large store I was at, it was suggested I order online. That's an amazingly literal interpretation. Take apart a new Mac with Fusion Drive - as far as anyone has been able to determine, the pinouts are exactly the same as SATA, but the connector has been modified enough that it's proprietary now. iPhone 5's new connector is actually what pushed me to abandon the Apple ecosystem: I have a in dash GPS/HD radio/Pandora unit that until now required an iDevice for Pandora remote control. I considered upgrading from my 4S to a 5... I need a new connector. No problem, there's an adapter - $30 or $40 with a chip in it that serves in large part the purpose of ensuring I get an Apple adapter/cable. Great, so now I get the adapter, plug it into the head unit, only to find, guess what, it still won't work - why? Because (and finding anything official on this is nigh on impossible, only outside reviewers) the adapter doesn't pass on the iPod Out control signals. Screw that. I will wait for a firmware update for my head unit. I sold my iPhone 4S, my iPad 3, and am now very happy with a Nokia Lumia 920, and a Samsung 700E tablet running Windows 8. Linux itself works fine - I installed Ubuntu 12.04 for a while, but am now back with Windows 8. To be honest, I never tried the power dock - at home I use my desktop, and only use my laptop away from the desk. As someone with 408 karma, I suspect 500 is probably more accurate. "Certainly there's a way. I left a comment above that a number of cc payment providers, those who cut you a check instead of making you bring your own merchant account, take 15%, without any of the other things Apple is doing. Rep'ing someone's product should naturally cost more than that." Sure there are. There are also plenty that will do exactly the same thing for 3%, give or take. "like Comcast, is systematically overcharging / under-delivering" Whilst I understand that Comcast is a really easy target for customer service complaints, I pay for a 27mbps / 7mbps service. Per my speed tests (not speedtest.net), I get upwards of 40mbps down, 15mbps up on sustained transfers. And service is excellent, on the few occasions I've needed it. Perhaps so, but the human body is an analog system, not a digital. To wit: the rule of 9s for "surface area burns" is an estimate, but treatment will vary based on what surfaces are burned to what extent. One 25% burn patient will differ from another. Another (over-simplified) example: GCS (Glasgow Coma Scale - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow_Coma_Scale ): a score between 3-15 on three axes to measure neurological consciousness. Even in interpretation, the number is often referred to as a single score, when in reality, the three axes (eye response, verbal response, and motor response) can indicate vastly different neurological components and treatment/assessment options. Where I'm getting at with these examples is that systemizing and optimizing checklists and treatment plans can lead to hugely complex branching that seemingly become unfeasible to realistically manage without (exaggerated for effect, but similar in practice) a doctor or RN going to a computer between each treatment step to see the process and branches. From the guy who seems to be leading the Class Action charge: "Guys, I want to love you so badly... I met you at PAX and was worried how the exchange was going to go, considering we're so far behind schedule, updates are very insufficient, and I pledged at a high level ($313). You were very apologetic and assured me that things were going to take off right after PAX, but that is another commitment that hasn't been met. I'll be happiest if I can get my money back, but I doubt that's a possibility. I had time and energy to dive into this stuff earlier this year. Now I'm married, working different hours, and have a very different life. Lots has changed since the estimated delivery date flew by." You were funding a product that you were told may or may not meet with success. You're now going to need to show in a civil court that there was wilful recklessness in the use of funds. Kickstarter sits on the fence, too - it states that the creater is obliged to deliver pledges or refund, but that it hopes requests for refund will only be used for bad faith projects. Given that he gave a video interview in November stating he felt the project had a year to go, and that the pledges specify "Estimated Delivery" only, I think that's a hard road to plow, leaving aside the fact that a malicious, or even unlucky/ill-planned project could keep pushing out the dates. Some investments fail. Too many people view Kickstarter as an online store. "At its current level the US minimum wage has very little impact on anything, positive or negative. Very few jobs are worth so little" Hah. Most of the EMTs not related to a fire department, that take you to hospital when you call 911 are on, well... minimum wage. How's that for unsettling? Each of the pledges has an "Estimated Delivery". While those have passed, I don't think there's anyone here who doesn't understand that there can be a sometimes tenuous relationship between "estimate" and "realistic" when dealing with a "prototype". The communication issue is, agreed, his own worst enemy. "after spending it recklessly" I'm really curious as to how Dustin came to this conclusion - given that many people have stated the project has had multiple developers at times, and nearly a year or more of development. It's a claim with serious implications - wonder what the backing for it is? "For everyone who is a backer and has met Alex personally, please vouch for his passion on Kickstarter. Doing it here does not help." I'd actually suggest the reverse - linking this thread to people on Kickstarter. I think a lot of people posting on Kickstarter need a little more education on what it is exactly that they're investing in. Not likely - the new app offers mobile posting, and that's about it. The Flickr site requires people to pay $25 a year to upload more than 200 photos, and regardless of what you think of premium models, there's intense competition. Flickr itself is stagnant. Years stagnant, we're talking. Features, API integration. I'm really, honestly unsure, even subscribed to their devblog and being a premium customer for 5+ years, what their dev staff are actually doing. I loved Flickr. It's on life support. And the prognosis is not good. "I have a 2 1/2 year old phone, and applications, especially animations, don't render as fast". I'm not entirely surprised, admittedly - and depending on your use case (for me, anyway), it doesn't so much matter. I wouldn't go that far, my ex's 3GS struggled when upgraded to iOS 5, and complaints about that were widespread. Leave it to Gruber to try to spin this pro-Apple: "This iOS 6 mapping saga has been a source of tremendous controversy, but here we are three months after iOS 6 was released and iPhone users now have a better Google Maps experience than they did when Google was providing the back-end data for the built-in Maps app. It all worked out." Almost like Apple planned it that way is the implication. Except the reality is that his last sentence should end ", no thanks to Apple". "I consider Apple’s new Maps the better-designed app, but this new Google Maps is very good. And Google’s advantage in search accuracy goes without saying." You can almost hear him gritting his teeth as he types this, not quite able to give up Apple just yet. "Apple wins (for me) in design, but everything else is Google. But I can't bring myself to explicitly say 'this is the better app'." True, true. But the additional claims from Gruber in this is that "both acting in their own interests, Google's being 'milk you dry for information and revenue', while apparently Apple is this beatific entity, whose interest is 'sincerely caring for ... their customers'." Eye roll Even as someone who can shoot 1,000 shots in a day for a wedding easily... mind sharing, what/how you have over half a million shots of?