You might want to consider punting on the question altogether by taking angel money as convertible debt instead of equity. Or try this: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf It's a meat market. I applied (out of intellectual curiosity) and got in, but decided not to actually go through with it when I learned that birthday, age, height and "build" (choices are "slim", "athletic", "average" and "curvy") are required information before you can activate your account. I wasn't planning on it. Don't let that stop you though. > (How big? I don't know. Big!) I didn't say it was a big problem, I said it was a real problem. And the larger your code base, and the more people start sharing code, the more real it will be. It is only a matter of time before someone writes something like: (let foo snoz (jims-macro frotz)) and gets an error of the form "42 is not a valid function" and has to spend an hour puzzling over where that error came from before realizing that Jim's macro expands into Bob's macro which expands into Ann's macro which uses a helper function called foo. Is it a "big" problem? Maybe not. But it's a real problem, and given that one of your stated goals was to design "the 100 year language" I think it's a shame that you chose to solve it by placing the burden on the programmers. (And I use the plural advisedly here, because the potential for encountering this problem grows as the community grows and people start re-using each other's code.) But I would reiterate that the lack of abstract data types is IMO a much bigger problem than the lack of hygienic macros. (And just so you know I'm not just sniping from the sidelines, I have proposed solutions implemented in CL which I'd be happy to help port to Arc if you agree that this is in fact a problem.) > It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. Not me (at least I hope not). I was trying to judge Arc entirely by the standards that Paul set for it in his foundational essays. > what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? At the very least better documentation :-) There appear to be some really cool things in the Arc web infrastructure, but the only way to figure out how to use them at the moment seems to be to reverse-engineer the code. That's kinda the right idea. There are two problems with your specific proposal: 1) it places a considerable burden on the programmer to annotate every invocation of a top-level function. For complex macros that can become quite annoying. 2) Baking the concept of a single top-level into the macro system makes it hard to add modules later. If you pursue the idea of having the system walk the code and automatically insert those annotations you will (almost certainly) end up re-inventing hygienic macros. (For the record, I much prefer the Lisp2 solution, because it's the hacker's solution. It's not mathematically elegant, but it's simple (compared to hygiene) and it gets the job done.) For the record, I did not submit this article, and specifically declined a request to do so. It's not that I don't stand by what I wrote (I do) but it was written for a specific audience at a specific time and I don't think it deserves the attention that it's getting now. Thanks! > Is this not sniping from the sidelines? No, because I'm hacking too :-) > Ron criticizes, but doesn't suggest anything better That's because my whole point is that programming is much too rich and complicated for any one metric to be particularly useful. (Ironically, the exact same thing is true of painting, which is Paul' central metaphor!) Working on it. My favorite quote: Lisp was great at the time of its inception if only for a radically new way of using machines. It has suffered the fate of having been elevated to a status of de facto standard with all its defects. Despite its conceptual novelty a lot of the design of Lisp is terribly amateurish even by the standards of the time. When I read the first manual, the Lisp 1.5 manual, published in 1961, I could not believe my eyes. It was an extremely poor language. Now it has become the defacto standard of the AI community, which now suffers from Lisp, the way the rest of the world suffered from Fortran. What's wrong with the file system? I suggest FST and RST. These are composable, e.g. FFRRST == CAADDR. Y Combinator of course :-) I agree. Taking an equity investment at a too-high valuation can jeopardize your chances of getting more money down the road. If, as you say, you don't need the cash and you're doing this for the connections, just give them the 0.1% in exchange for their services as a consultant. Taking such a tiny amount of cash for equity will be more trouble than it's worth. It's not just the academic job market -- all of Western civilization is a pyramid scheme. Here's a shorter version of the same thing: http://www.flownet.com/ron/chaitin.html I've used TrustCommerce and I highly recommend them. I've also used authorize, paymentech, and cybersource. TC is head-and-shoulders above the rest IMO. From first principles, actively looking for such a person is IMO a major mistake. You are essentially looking for someone to invest in your company, but to buy their shares with labor instead of cash. So you need someone who is 1) financially able to make such an investment, 2) a savvy enough investor to be able to assess whether or not your company is worth investing in (or foolish enough to make the investment without due diligence) and 3) able (and willing) to program. Such a mix of skills and financial means is very rare. This is not to say that if you should happen to be lucky enough to find such a person that you should not hire them, but actively looking is not wise. Division of labor is a very powerful tool and should not be discarded lightly. You're much more likely to succeed if you get investors to invest and hackers to hack and not try to fram these two disparate skills into one brain. IMHO, YMMV, etc. Yes, that is what founders do. But you didn't say you were looking for a co-founder who could hack, you said you were looking for a hacker willing to work for equity. These are not the same thing. The distinction is important. Asking for "a hacker who works for equity" (with only a "chance to be part of the founding team") makes it sound like you're looking for someone to be an employee and an investor, but not a member of the senior management team. Pretty cool, but you kind of gave it away with that headline. I suspect this has something to do with OLPC switching from Linux to XP. Take any fish fillet about 1/2-3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the seasoning of your choice. Stick it in a toaster over set to 400 degrees. (Put a sheet of tinfoil in the baking tray and you won't even have any cleanup.) It will be done in ten minutes. While you are waiting, boil 1 cup of water. Turn off the heat and throw in 2/3 cup of couscous. This should put you at about the five minute mark. Throw a veggie of your choice in the microwave. Everything will be done, hot, tasty and nutritious at ten minutes. It's pretty foolproof and east-cleanup too. This is pretty much our standard dinner most nights. (And I'm not even doing a startup right now!) > That's sort of a semantic debate, isn't it? No. There's one very significant difference between a VC and YC. VC's invest other people's money. YC doesn't. VC's may also invest their own money, but this is incidental to their primary business, which is to assemble investment portfolios for other people to invest in. They charge a fee for this, and many VC's make most of their money from these fees, not from the returns on the investments. This has real consequences. VC's are much more risk-averse than YC, because if they have a bad year it can put them out of business. (No one will want to invest their money in a VC which lost money for their previous investors.) If YC has a bad year they can just shrug it off, learn from the experience, and try again. This dynamic also changes the VC's risk posture in another way. A VC has much more to lose from a loss than they have to gain from a really big win. If a VC has a really big win, most of the money goes to the investors, not to the VC. The VC's primary benefit from a Really Big Win will be that more people will want to participate in their next round of investments, which is nice, but that in and of itself doesn't make you a billionaire. So VC's are much more interested in avoiding loss than in going after a Really Big Win. YC, by contrast, has nothing to lose from a loss except the money they put in (which is not much), and a lot to gain from a Really Big Win (since they are the investor). This makes YC willing to take much bigger gambles than a VC would. It also aligns YC's interests with the interests of the companies they invest in, since the bigger the company wins, the bigger YC wins. The point is that whatever YC loses, it's theirs and not someone else's. They do not have a fiduciary duty to anyone but themselves. This significantly changes their risk posture. It's not just a semantic quibble. Maybe time to add down-arrows. Great idea, lousy execution. Besides the problems others have already mentioned, it's slooooooooowwwwwwww. Also, two very serious fundamental problems: 1. Many of your translations are wrong. I took the Spanish lesson. All of the Spanish verbs are infinitives, but the English translations are all gerunds. 2. Learning a language one word at a time doesn't really teach you the language. You need to learn more than just vocabulary, you need grammar, conjugations, declinations, etc. But I hasten to add, the idea of a language tutor that keeps track of what you know and only drills you on the stuff you don't is a really good one and very promising if you can actually make it work. But it's not an easy problem. (For an aspiring entrepreneur this is a good thing. If it were easy someone else would have done it already.) Exercise. Seriously. Endorphines are really good for putting life in perspective. I've used domainsite for many years. They've had a couple of annoying email outages, but other than that they've been pretty solid. You can write operating systems and have low-level control over the hardware in Lisp too. Having money lets you trade one set of problems for a different set of problems. That second set generally consists of "nice problems to have" but they are problems nonetheless. Whether or not you're happier depends on which set of problems you prefer. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... See myth #10 Actually, you're not far off the mark. I would add: - pressure from friends and family to spend the way they want you to ("Why don't you help your little sister more?") - can be hard on long-standing friendships because they can't afford to do the things you can afford, and paying for them creates awkward feelings of obligation. But the fundamental problem with having money you have to decide what to do with it, which is not nearly as easy as you might imagine. I'd put that slightly differently: if you bought heavily into the idea that money will make you happy and then find that it doesn't, then you can be truly lost. As long as you don't have money, it makes it that much easier to figure out what you ought to be doing day to day, which for many people is no small thing. Well, the data is already available on hacker news, but ye gods! you couldn't figure out a better way to package this up than a separate HTML file for each user? Because the people who came before you have mitigated a lot of the risk. I really think that Microsoft customers must have some kind of Stockholm-syndrome thing going on in their brains. This is not the first time Microsoft has screwed its customers, and it won't be the last. And yet, for reasons passing my understanding, people keep coming back for more. Just for the record, the "Lisper" in question isn't me, it's Dan Weinreb. This essay really makes me wish for down-arrows. It seems to me nothing more than a plug for Alan Watts's CD, and the not-exactly-earth-shattering observation that people sometimes make unwarranted assumptions. A few more examples of the kinds of these "far more dangerous lies" would have been helpful. > This is probably something workable, but then it needs a certain proactive work from users which I think people who don't clear their inboxes don't do normally. Doesn't matter. As long as a big enough percentage of the recipients participate it will work. > What about jobseekers who spam employers. As much as this is spam, there are diamonds in the rough. This is for free email accounts only. ISP's could charge a progressive schedule of fees for accounts with fewer restrictions. It would still serve to eliminate spam because spam relies on the accounts being actually free in order to be profitable. > privacy issues. just not worth it. Again, this is for free accounts only. I'm a big privacy advocate, but I think a compromise on privacy to reduce spam is a worthwhile tradeoff. > If you determined that there were differences between races, and it was in the best interest of your children to discriminate against certain people, what would you tell them? I would tell them to beware of plausible-sounding theories. And I'd have them read this: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2007/11/science-103-virtue-of-sim... I recommend TrustCommerce. > Is there anything out there like a micro-VC or investors club for tech startups? Yes, there are many of these. > Say n people put up $x each to fund a project. What are the implications? You would have $nx. :-) > Would it work? That depends on what you mean by "work". People do it. Some of the people who do it even make money doing it. > If so, who's in? Ah, there's the rub. The trick is: > I'm a hacker who'd love to invest in other people's startups. I, of course, don't have enough savings on hand to do any significant damage. If you don't have your own money to invest then you need to convince other people to let you play with their money. That is not such an easy thing to do. Starting an investment fund is not fundamentally different from starting any other kind of business. But you can't just join the VC club and start raking in the cash any more than you can just join the entrepreneur's club and start raking in the cash. At root they're the same club. The confusion about OO is due entirely to people's failure to apply Ron's First Law: All extreme positions are wrong. What happens is that someone stumbles upon a new technique that seems to be good for something, so they decide that it must be good for everything, and when they realize that it's not good for everything (typically ten years into the process) they decide that it was all hype and it must be good for nothing. So everyone stampedes off to find the Next Big Thing, whatever that is, and the whole sorry cycle starts all over again. It's particularly amusing as a Lisp programmer to watch all these fads come and go because none of these ideas are new. The OO features of Java and C++ are just tiny subsets of the functionality in CLOS. XML and JSON are nothing more than (bad) re-inventions of S-expressions. Aspect-oriented programming is just a hack to get around the fact that Java doesn't have macros or multimethods. And on and on it goes. The right answer, of course, is that OO (and every other programming technique) is good for some things and not other things. Figuring out what things a particular technique is and is not good for is a big part of mastering the art of programming. Absolutely correct. Over on the Lisp lists I sometimes make the point that Lisp failed precisely because it was so powerful that one person could be productive enough to get useful work done by themselves. As a result, Lisp tended (and maybe still tends) to attract people who don't work well with others, whereas if you program in C you have no choice but to work as part of a team if you want to get anything done at all. At the end of the day teamwork wins, even when hobbled by inferior tools. Or you can just realize that get_X is the Wrong Thing and you should just write GetterDoneInstance.X instead. That's only a problem if you think the terminology matters. It doesn't. What matters are the concepts. It's much easier to map the terminology onto the concepts than to try to go the other way around. For example, it's much easier to go from a concept like "I can use the SAME NAME for DIFFERENT FUNCTIONS in the SAME PROGRAM, and there are various ways to map useful semantics onto the resulting code" to "If I resolve the ambiguity at run-time then it's POLYMORPHISM and if I do it at compile time then it's OPERATOR OVERLOADING" than it is to start with the terms POLYMORPHISM and OPERATOR OVERLOADING and try to learn what they mean and what they are good for. But using instance.a is not wrong because you can override __getattr__. And if overriding __getattr__ is not the right thing then what you are writing is not a getter. Under no circumstances is it justified IMHO to write a get_X method. (And if your language doesn't let you override __getattr__ then you need a better language.) IMHO of course. I don't claim this to be a hard and fast rule. It is obviously not impossible for Lispers to work together. My theory is just that Lisp tends to attract non-team-players more than C does, and the macro effect of this is that in the main C wins. There will, of course, be exceptions. There's a flaw in Eratostenes reasoning: you have to assume that the sun is effectively infinitely far away. In Eratosthenes's day there was no way to know this. The one measurement he did does not prove the world is round. It could merely indicate that the sun is nearby. (It makes an interesting exercise to calculate just how near it would have to be, and to design another experiment to eliminate this possibility.) With all due respect, did it never occur to you to get this all figured out BEFORE you had kids? I'm 44 and I just started on my fourth. Sorry for not responding sooner. Hacker News needs an active message flag like Reddit has. The first one (flownet.com) failed. Never made a dime. Never found an investor. But we had working (hardware) prototypes. The second one (indiebuyer.net) made some revenue but ultimately ran out of money and folded. The third one was acquired by Richard Branson and is now Virgin Charter. (That wasn't an exit, so I still haven't made any money from it. But it's looking promising. At least it's still in business, and doing well last I heard.) The fourth one is looking pretty promising as well. (Actually there's a fifth one too, which is also looking pretty good.) So I've been at it off and on for fifteen years (we started FlowNet in '93) and I still haven't made a dime off a startup of my own. But I think I'm getting better at it :-) Dwight Eisenhower famously said, "Plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." My point is that it is NOT impossible to plan for. Many aspects of having kids are quite predictable, including all the issues that the OP was asking about. I've tweaked the blog post a bit to hopefully make this clearer. P.S. And maybe I don't really know how hard it is to raise kids. It may well be even harder than I imagine. But that doesn't change the fact that anyone who waits until two months after the kid is born to figure out who is going to take care of it has not planned ahead adequately. Nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law: raising kids is harder than you think even when you take into account nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law. :-) > Kids are not startups. Of course they are. They aren't startup companies , they are startup humans , but they are definitely startups. > I hope you're not implying that kids have the same failure rates as startup companies. Of course not. We've been making startup humans for a lot longer than we've been making startup companies. So it's no surprise that we're better at it. (Still room for improvement though IMHO.) Or here: http://flownet.com/ron/cuil.gif (They seem to have fixed this.) The Right Answer to this question is, "No, I hadn't heard about that study. Can you send me a pointer?" That completely defuses the situation, and hedges against the possibility that the guy might not be joking. This actually makes an interesting psychological experiment. I know German, and I found I could not focus on the subtitles unless I turned the sound down, which took away some of the emotional impact. But it made me laugh anyway. I disagree with one point: "They do seem to expect an answer to the [question of how much money you are trying to raise]. But I don't think you should just tell them a number." It's very useful to have a number in mind, and it's very helpful for an investor to know what that number is. If I only have $50k to invest and you're trying to raise $10M then talking to you is probably wasting both of our time. (The reverse is true too. If I'm running a $100M fund and you only need $25k to get to your next milestone it's not a good match no matter how promising your company is.) It's helpful to think of the question as, "How much money can you make effective use of at the moment" or "How much do you want to raise before you stop putting immediate effort into raising money" or "How much do you need to get you to your next significant milestone (and what is that milestone)?" Absolutely. When you look back and can honestly say that if you had it to do over again you wouldn't do anything differently, then it's bad luck. Yeah, that's what I meant. Given the information you had at the time... I've written three billing systems. None had any common code, and in retrospect it's doubtful that it would have made much sense. The business structure just had too big of an impact on the design. If all the businesses you're trying to serve have a similar business model (e.g. shipping physical stuff, or digital subscriptions, or selling software downloads) then you might get some leverage, but as soon as you throw in anything weird (refunds, credit card holds, recurring billing, staged billing, payment by something other than a credit card, etc. etc. etc.) it can get very, very complicated. Which is probably why there's not a one-size-fits-all solution out there. > "You lying cunt" is an eloquent affirmation of love. Why am I suddenly reminded of Alan Sokal? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokal_affair http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf > Once you measure it, it is no longer entangled. This is not true. If it were then FTL communication would be possible. See http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf You don't need quantum mechanics to produce this kind of a result. One-time-pad encryption does essentially the same thing. Both the "key" and the "ciphertext" (I put them in scare quotes because they are mathematically indistinguishable) by themselves are just random bit strings containing zero information. But together they contain all the information of the original cleartext. Yawn. Lisp had this feature fifty years ago. OK, looks like kraemate is the overwhelming winner, though I have to give an honorable mention to byrneseyeview. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out today. You win. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out. I quit JPL and started a new career as a VC :-) > Using different operators for ints and floats in OCaml is like making people use prefix notation for arithmetic in Lisp - you get used to it Until the day when you have a large code base and you decide that something that you originally decided to make an an int really ought to be a float instead. Then you'll get unused to it again. > If you think your numeric type everywhere may change down the road If programmers were always that foresightful, programming in general would be a whole lot easier. > Or, change it once, and let the compiler show you everywhere else it needs to be fixed. I find this downright perverse. If a compiler is smart enough to know what needs to be fixed then it should just go ahead and fix it instead of fobbing the job off onto the programmer. Thanks :-) > OCaml's H-M type system doesn't try to guess whether you meant all references to x to be type A or type B, it just tells you that they aren't internally consistent. No, it doesn't tell you that. It tells you that they are internally inconsistent WITH RESPECT TO OCAML's SEMANTICS. They are not internally inconsistent in any absolute sense, as evidenced by the fact that I can write (+ x y) in Lisp and it will produce a sensible result whether x and y are integers, floats, rationals, complex numbers, or any combination of the above. This is an existence proof that compilers can figure these things out. Hence, any compiler that doesn't figure these things out and places this burden back on the programmer is deficient. OCAML's design requires its compiler to be deficient in this way, which makes OCAML IMHO badly broken. OCAML, in essence, requires the programmer to engage in premature optimization of arithmetic primitives. The result is, unsurprisingly, a lot of unnecessary work when certain kinds of changes need to be made. Maybe you can "get used to" this kind of pain, but to me that seems to be missing the point rather badly. > This really shouldn't be an error And it isn't: ? (setf *READ-DEFAULT-FLOAT-FORMAT* 'double-float) DOUBLE-FLOAT ? (+ 1203981239.123d0 129381723987498237492138461293238947239847293848923) 1.2938172398749823E+50 ? Nope. I haven't been doing it long enough to have gotten any good stories out of it yet. I did write this a while back, which was a big hit in its day: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... Of course. Sooner or later you bump up against the fact that real machines are finite. That's not the issue. The issue is this: you ask two compilers to add 1 and 2.3. Compiler A says the answer is 3.3. Compiler B says it's an error. Which compiler would you rather use? It's ultimately a matter of taste. You can push compiler cleverness too far. For example, 1+"2.3" probably should be an error (and if you don't think so, what should 1+"two point three" return?) But the rules for mixing integers, floats, rationals and complex numbers are pretty well worked out, and IMHO any language that forces the programmer to reinvent them is b0rken. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/09/ive-never-been-so-happy-t... You may be surprised. I was pretty sure our cat would have to be convinced to wear it, but he took it without any complaints. It works surprisingly well. We were able to discover that our cat had a friend we didn't know about: http://www.flownet.com/ron/pictures/catcam.jpg Nope, you can do this. Brian Singerman and I did it. But it's a boatload of work. We did it once, and I'm pretty sure we won't do it again, at least not any time soon. Note that Python effectively has an open-brace (the colon) but no close-brace except for unindent. Personally, I hate this because if I'm in emacs and I hit the tab (autoindent) key the result may or may not be what I want. I personally use a programming style where I use a PASS statement as a close-brace so my code can always be safely autoindented without changing its semantics. But this is rather ugly. It would be better to have a less obnoxious but still backwards-compatible close-brace, like ## or maybe #> Some day I'll hack emacs-mode.elisp to support this. I recommend Dennet's book. In a nutshell, his thesis is that our subjective experience of consciousness in the here-and-now is an illusion, that what's really going on is the brain is writing and re-writing its memories to build up an internal model that is consistent with all the sensory input its receiving. This crazy-sounding idea is actually consistent with experimental results. You aren't really conscious, you just think you are. :-) You might also enjoy: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf , especially sections 5 and 6. http://www.flownet.com/ron/fix_excel.txt No no no no no. No. http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=463234 But that in and of itself doesn't mean anything. The content is static . That makes it much easier to prettify. Look for example at the Orchid example that I linked to: http://www.csszengarden.com/?cssfile=/211/211.css&page=0 Look at the headings. They're really beautiful. How do I do that in CSS? I can't. They are images. To really demonstrate CSS you'd need to take all those style sheets and apply them to a different HTML document and see if they still looked good. No one has done that experiment (and I suspect no one will) but I predict the results would not look nearly as good. > That's not the point of CSS. Really? If that's true then either 1) CSS is useless for dynamic content or 2) you have to dynamically generate your CSS to match your dynamic content. Which is it? I'm posting this comment only to find out what color I am. Black. Bummer. Wave collapse hasn't been taken seriously by physicists in years. It's been thoroughly debunked again and again (c.f. http://www.npl.washington.edu/npl/int_rep/tiqm/TI_toc.html , http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf ). The press keeps reporting it because it's such a delicious mystery. > Which physicists? Well, Cramer (the one I cited) for one. David Mermin. Cerf and Adami. Roland Omnes. John Preskill. How many do you want? > I gave a talk last week on decoherence To what audience? Yeah, well, those are the people I would consider the authorities, wouldn't you? BTW, collapse is easily debunked: take a two-slit experiment a put a detector at one slit. Interference is destroyed for all photons despite the "fact" that only half the photons "actually" interact with the detector. Collapse cannot account for this. (I put "fact" and "actually" in scare quotes because in true fact all the photons interact with the detector, but not according to the collapse theory.) Back in the day, I submitted this paper to the American Journal of Physics. It was rejected, not because it was incorrect, but because it didn't say anything new. If you like I can post the review. Here it is. (Gotta love modern search tools.) Edit: couldn't figure out how to paste in pre-formatted text, so here's a link instead: http://www.flownet.com/ron/ajp_review.txt Oh, you might find this amusing too: http://www.wikipatents.com/7126691.html I thought it was somewhat fair. One the one hand, it is true that the paper says nothing new. On the other hand, it doesn't claim to say anything new. It just claims to present old results in a more accessible way, which I believe it does. Furthermore, these results are clearly not widely known even within the physics community because even today you can find lots of card-carrying physicists (and a few patent examiners apparently, to say nothing of journalists) who do not understand the simple idea that measurement and entanglement are the same physical phenomenon, so clearly there is a need for some better pedagogy in this area. AJP is ostensibly devoted to physics education , which is why I chose to submit it there. So I think it would have been an appropriate venue, and I think it would have made a contribution. On the other hand, the point that I do not have adequate references for a scholarly publication is valid. So I thought the decision not to publish it was defensible, even if I didn't agree with their reasoning. I did not submit it to Foundations of Physics. Physics is not really my field of expertise, so the benefit to me from having an accepted peer-reviewed publication in this area is pretty small. This paper was the result of an exploration driven by personal curiosity. If self-publication on the web were not an option I might have been more motivated to polish it up and resubmit it, but it is so I wasn't. I'm actually between gigs right now (my partner in a startup I was trying to get off the ground had to bow out) so I may try to update it and take another whack at publishing. I actually have some new ideas about how entanglement can explain the (perceived) flow of time, but the last time it took me nearly ten years to figure it out (though it all finally came together in a wonderful "aha" moment, which almost made it all worthwhile) and I have other fish to fry. Nope. Options don't become available for several weeks after an IPO. There needs to be some historical price data to feed the black-scholes formula in order to price the options. > I think this is a deeper question than the downvoting your receiving suggests that it is. Yes, I agree. (I upvoted the comment.) A full response to this will take longer than I have right now (maybe I'll work on a blog entry later tonight). But for now, just for the record, my problem was definitely not that I was unwilling to learn new things. I love learning new things, and always have. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=546080 This is a better link: http://sitereservation.com/xooglers/index.cfm?entryid=16 I believe he's talking about Octopart. They were doing well the last time I checked. This article is complete and utter bullshit. "history offers no examples of a society that has demonstrated sustained material advance in the face of long-term population decline" Of course it does: Russia, from 1999-2007. For most of the last decade, Russia was the fastest growing economy in the G8. And it may have been growing even longer than that if you discount the contribution of the sudden drop in weapons production after the fall of the Soviet Union. Auctopart, Octomatic, who can keep these things straight? ;-) Does anyone bother to even look up the most basic facts before making proclamations any more? Oil prices were prety much flat through 2003. The rise of oil certainly helped, but you can't explain eight years of growth starting in 1999 with four years of oil price rises starting in 2003. > Developing economies generally have higher rates of growth than more advanced ones, so the fact that Russia had higher rates of growth than the seven most advanced economies in the world is fairly meaningless. Not when the thesis on the table is that "relentless, unremitting, and perhaps unstoppable depopulation" is "a bomb" that "amounts to an ethnic self-cleansing" and "carries with it grim and potentially disastrous implications." Since depopulation began in 1992 Russia has enjoyed eight years of extraordinary economic growth, not all of which can be accounted for by rising oil prices. That is a salient fact, which the article completely ignores. At best it's shoddy journalism. Not that I really think that this is appropriate for HN, but since the topic has been raised: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/04/hooked-on-god-religion-as... This was actually the exact comment I was going to make. Especially since the job is overseas, some form of discrimination that would be rare in the U.S. could well be in play here. SRI also has a history of being flim-flammed. Look up Harold Puthoff and Russel Targ. It's very simple to tell if there's fusion going on: if there's fusion, there will be helium. No helium, no fusion. Excess energy is a red herring. Not if it's being generated from some prosaic source, like (just shooting from the hip here) oxidizing palladium for example. And not if it's not reliably reproducible. There's no such thing as a free lunch. Most of the energy required to go from A to B is needed to overcome friction, not provide kinetic energy. That remains true whether you are above or below the surface. So burrowing down buys you virtually nothing. The amount of energy you'd need to pull yourself up the other side of the tunnel would be almost exactly the same as you would need to make the same trip at (almost) the same speed on the surface. That's why I qualified with "most" and "virtually." I haven't actually done the math, but I'd be surprised if it didn't work out to something like >90% of the total energy for a long trip going into frictional losses. Consider any vehicle: the amount of the total energy that goes into generating actual motion is roughly proportional to the time it takes to accelerate to your final cruising speed, at which point all of the energy input goes into overcoming friction. > But to accelerate to over 1000 MPH you need a lot of energy You need exactly 4 times as much energy as you do accelerate to 500 MPH, which is the speed of a slow jet. Four times a small amount is still a pretty small amount. BTW, the math in this case is really easy. Kinetic energy is 1/2 m v^2. 1000 MPH is 444m/s. So to accelerate a one metric ton vehicle to 1000 MPH requires 1/2 1000 444^2 = ~100MJ, which is less than the energy in one gallon of gasoline. > Flash completely dominates CSS/HTML/JS for rendering text accurately Except that the resulting rendering is an image so you can't copy and paste. I suppose some content providers will consider that a feature, but as a user it seems like a serious bug to me. I think a very important point is in danger of being buried in glibness here: > Highschool is a mechanism to socialize you and a filter for colleges. Nothing that goes on there is a waste of time. Being able to effectively interact with other people is an extremely important skill in life, and will become more so in the future as the world gets more crowded and less wealthy. There's an old aphorism: it's not what you know, it's who you know. It took me twenty years to learn the hard way that this aphorism contains more than a grain of truth. It is, in fact, the whole ballgame. If you're smart but no one can stand to work with you, you will lose. Contrariwise, if you're dim but people love you you will do fine. So if you don't want to waste the next two years, here's a project for you: figure out a way to get 100 of your peers working on something -- anything -- together. It doesn't have to make a profit (though that would be good), it doesn't have to make the world a better place (though that would be good too), but it should not be actively destructive (that makes it too easy) and every one of those 100 people has to be doing it because they want to. They all have to be enthusiastic about it. Note that what I'm suggesting is different from becoming "popular", though becoming popular might be helpful (or it might not). You have to actually organize these people into doing some kind of productive activity. Just inviting 100 people to a beer bash doesn't count. If you achieve that you will have just had the most useful two years of your life. Good luck. Kayak is running TokuDB. They're even paying for it :-) ACID compliance is scheduled to be released later this year. None yet AFAIK, this is inside information. But there will be a press release. That's part of the deal. > So tell me, how do we make Windows 7 better? We? Do you work for Microsoft? > Do we make decisions for our users and then complaints for not offering options? That depends on what kind of decision is being made. Whenever you offer a choice it needs to be clear what tradeoff is being made. Why would anyone not want the recommended option? A better dialog would read something like this? Do you want Windows to automatically download driver software for your devices? This works most of the time, but can cause problems with a few less popular devices. __ Yes (recommended) __ No, I don't trust you idiots at Microsoft. I want to manage my drivers manually. Do you want Windows to download realistic icons for your devices? Realistic icons look better, but use more disk space and RAM, and can have a negative impact on performance. __ Yes, I'm all about the eye candy. __ No, I have the need for speed. I think this post seriously misses the mark. For R&D (actually, I think lumping R and D together like that is a serious mistake, but that's another issue) I don't think coding matters very much at all. What matters more is raw problem-solving ability, understanding of core mathematical concepts, etc. Project Euler is a good source of questions for R&D candidates. It's important to distinguish between being brilliant and having a brilliant idea . They are not the same. The folks at MS are undoubtedly brilliant (and ruthless and unethical, but that's another matter). But Microsoft as a company has not once produced what I would consider a brilliant innovation. In fact, it's arguable that Microsoft has been successful precisely because it has not tried to be innovative, but has instead followed the less technologically risky strategy of preying on the innovation of others. If you want to dispute this, the most effective way would be to cite a counterexample. I've had this discussion with an awful lot of people over the years and so far no one has been able to come up with one. I agree these are "cool" but IMO they don't rise to the level of "brilliant". I suppose reasonable people could disagree. But I think everyone would agree that these ideas, whether they are "brilliant" or merely "cool" are not the source of Microsoft's success. Did you read the paper? The whole point of the thing is to make it non-parallelizable. That's what makes it hard. It's actually even worse than that. Even plain text files can cause problems. You make a change to a file over here, then you delete the file over there. What should be the result of the merge? There are an infinite number of such screw cases because the "right answer" depends on the semantics of the data. For example: you add a line to a file over here, then you add the same line to the same file in the same location over there. What should be the result of the merge? Should you end up with one extra line or two? What if one line has an extra trailing space? What if it was an extra leading space and the file contains Python code? > But don't these problems exist regardless of your approach? Yes, of course. That was exactly the point I was trying to make: it's a fundamentally hard problem. > Git and it's way of handling trees of old commits is a decent place to start. It clearly isn't a final solution, but building on top of it seems like a worthwhile direction, at least to me. That depends on what problem you want to solve. If you want to solve the general data-storage-in-the-cloud problem, then Git is fundamentally flawed because 1) one of the inescapable aspects of the problem is that the solution depends on the semantics of the data and 2) Git by design knows nothing about the semantics of the data. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rn5-VN3SH1o http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/04/on-shadow-photons-and-rea... Really? How? Sorry, I don't see any world lines merging there. Can you elaborate? No worries. It actually is possible in principle for world lines to merge because all quantum interactions are in principle reversible. But the odds are so small as to be effectively indistinguishable from zero. I keep hearing about how Erik was such a smart guy and how he contributed so much to the Lisp community. I have a serious question for those of you who say that his net influence was positive despite his abrasiveness: other than "The Long, Painful History of Time", a few pithy quotes, and a lot of rants on usenet, what exactly did Erik contribute? Interesting. My question has been downvoted. But it has not been answered. > He will be missed. Yes, I get that. What I'm trying to understand is why . Is it really just the usenet postings, or did he do something else that I'm not aware of? I think I'm missing something really basic here. If you encrypt-then-mac, what is to prevent an attacker from appending a valid MAC to a forged ciphertext (in order to mount a DOS attack for example)? Ah. Thanks. I knew I was missing something basic :-) I second that recommendation. I've worked with all the major payment processors at one time or another and TC is the only one that really seemed to Get It. Even that search yields only 14 results. I'm pretty sure there have been more than 14 posts to comp.lang.c. Focus on the positive: are you healthy? Have enough to eat? Have hot and cold running water? A roof over your head? Air conditioning? Those thing alone make you better off than most of the people on the planet. The definitive work on this subject was done by T.L. Freeman in 1983: http://everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=932040&displayty... Originally published in the Journal of Irreproducible Results. :-) > If, as the problem states, the treadmill can equal the forward thrust of the engines If the problem stated that you would be correct. But the problem doesn't state that. The problem states: > This conveyor has a control system that tracks the plane speed and tunes the speed of the conveyor to be exactly the same (but in the opposite direction). So you are wrong. What happens is that the plane moves one way, the conveyer moves the other way at the same speed, and the wheels spin twice as fast as they normally would. But the rolling friction of the wheels is negligible, so the plane takes off just fine. And if you still don't believe me, the Mythbusters actually did the experiment full-scale. Actually, most planes have brakes that are strong enough to keep the plane stationary at maximum engine thrust. If they didn't you couldn't do an engine runup. But no plane is able take off with the brakes set, treadmill or no treadmill. And as I said: most planes. Geez, people, for the love of Pete, even if you can't wrap your brains around why the plane would take off at least learn to spell "brakes" correctly! That's pretty unscientific :-) To measure anything that fast reliably you have to do it more than once: [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ cat foo foo [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do cp foo foo.c.$i; done real 0m2.705s user 0m0.524s sys 0m2.190s [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do ln foo foo.l.$i; done real 0m2.618s user 0m0.486s sys 0m2.008s No, fork is a lot faster than disk I/O: [ron@mickey:~]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do echo foo>/dev/null; done real 0m0.064s user 0m0.039s sys 0m0.025s I didn't know about that particular comment, but I did know that this is not an idea that's original with me. It's completely obvious to anyone who has learned Lisp. The only reason I wrote it is that it's apparently not completely obvious to CSS advocates. I seemed to have garnered their attention for reasons passing my understanding, so I thought I'd try to take advantage of that to spread some enlightenment. I have found that sometimes merely stating the obvious somewhere that people can see it and link to it can be useful. Huh? Why would that be a valid point? It's no harder to swap out different kinds of render methods than it is to swap style sheets. BTW: > Programs written in compiled or runtime-based languages either run or they fail. This is simply not true. No matter what you're writing code in, you can write it in a way that exhibits graceful degradation. It's just that some languages make it easier than others. What you say is true, but only because the software most people use on their servers makes it true. The conclusion is not that we should continue to use the current broken infrastructure, but that we should build different infrastructure. Your argument is kind of like someone in 1904 arguing that air travel will never be commercially viable because there aren't any airports. I find it a bit distressing that I would have to explain this here on HN of all places. > is there anything fundamentally flawed in the concept of html/css/javascript that makes portable sites impossible No, of course not. > or are you suggesting we make some pluggable generic server side rendering that can be controlled by the client because css doesnt deal with heights very well yet Yeah, pretty much. That way you don't have to wait for the standards bodies or the browser developers. This actually is not a new result. See http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf , section 5.4. This sounds very impressive, but if you think about it they've really solved a very uninteresting problem. What they have done is essentially layered a sound type system on top of C, and run a particular C program (the kernel) through this type checker. (It's a little more sophisticated than that, but that's the gist of it.) You could accomplish exactly the same thing by simply writing the code in a language like Haskell or Lisp that had a sound type system built in as part of its design. Haskell and Lisp programs have all the same properties as the L4 kernel: they never overflow their buffers, never dereference null pointers, never leak memory, and never have arithmetic overflows. But when you think about it that way, it's a much less impressive result. The only thing that makes this interesting at all is that they wrote their code in C. This is rather like climbing a mountain carrying a 500lb weight. Yes, in a sense it's impressive, but it's a lot easier to scale the mountain if you just don't pick up that 500lb weight to begin with. Yes, I know. I don't want to diminish their accomplishment. They did in fact scale the mountain. My point is only that they made it harder on themselves than they had to by choosing to focus their efforts on a C program. They could have accomplished exactly the same thing with a lot less effort by simply writing their code in Haskell (or Lisp or Qi) to begin with. But then the headline would have been "We wrote an OS kernel in Haskell" which would not have sounded nearly as impressive. > But if both those are true than there's really only one solution which is communism. No. Just because one extreme position is wrong it does not follow that the opposite extreme position is right. You know, this could be an elaborate phishing scam. The download page for the new Flash player is not secure. You could be installing a Trojan horse if you "upgrade." It's both. I upgraded to Snow Leopard, and I remounted external drives. In Leopard, there was an option to warn before deleting old backups. In SL that option has changed to "notify after deleting old backups." That plus deleting the external volumes from the exclude list was the nasty combination. In most jurisdictions, whenever you accept money for a product there are implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Since TM is widely touted by Apple as one of the features of OS X they cannot disclaim the warranty that it does what it is supposed to do, namely, back up your data. What Apple has done is analogous to selling a fire extinguisher that actually sets your house on fire. You can't disclaim liability for something like that. I wouldn't call irretrievably wiping out all the backups of my primary hard drive in order to make room to back up a media drive that I just mounted a "backup trimming problem." And by the way, I had that volume on my exclude list, but TM forgot about it. (That's a problem that has been around since TM first appeared.) That's how it was in Leopard. It changed in SL. I use an ExpressCard. It didn't even occur to me that a drive connected this way might appear to the OS to be an internal drive, but that actually makes a certain amount of sense. I'm not worried about losing the old backups. But I would be worried about losing all of my backups, which is what would have happened if I had not noticed what was happening and stopped it manually. Happily, the logs record exactly what happened. The request was for 877.54 GB. The TM volume is 731.95 GB. It deleted 14 old monthly backups (so just over a year's worth) before I stopped it. But given that it had requested more space than was actually available there is no reason to believe it would have stopped before wiping them all, and in particular, before wiping all my Leopard backups, which would have made it impossible for me to revert. Yes, I think that might be right. That hadn't occurred to me before. What you all (including the OP) are missing is that "Real Men Wear Pink" is a pun. Pink is not a color, it's a brand name -- for a very high-end men's fashion line: http://www.thomaspink.com/ It doesn't bother me that it isn't open source per se, but what does bother me (and the reason I don't and wouldn't use it) is that I have no way of independently verifying that their security measures are adequate. I would never trust sensitive data to a third party provider unless at a minimum they had undergone a security audit by an independent third party. As far as I can tell, dropbox hasn't. Ditto. To give credit where it's due, PG pointed this out long before I did: http://www.paulgraham.com/wealth.html The popular mythology in the U.S. is that the attack was not only unprovoked but actually unexpected. Without this myth it's very hard to maintain our self-image as the Good Guys, particularly in light of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. > Is this purposely to provoke people into trying to prove you wrong? I wouldn't put such a negative spin on it. It's purposely to ask people if they can think of anything I've left out, i.e. to spark discussion. I would actually put finance in category 9, mainly 9a and 9b. The whole point of finance is that you're dealing with money, not things. But money is an artificial construct (that's the whole point of money), so dealing with money means dealing with the rules that society has laid down to govern the behavior of money. Indeed, most of the actual activity in the financial industry is doing mathematical modeling (9a) drawing up legal documents (9b). Reasonable people could disagree. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/10/wealth-production-mechani... The dictionary definition of entrepreneur is simply "a person who organizes, operates, and assumes the risk for a business venture." So innovation can be helpful, especially in achieving a competitive advantage, it is not necessary (and certainly not sufficient) for successful entrepreneurship. I think Scott (and you) are confusing average with boring . It's true that you can't be better without being different. But you can be different (and even be better ) without being (at least overtly) innovative . You might just, for example, provide better customer service than the competition. Or lower prices. Or greater selection. My point is that to succeed, all you have to be is better . Being cool is not a requirement. (And being too focused on being cool can therefore actually be detrimental to success.) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=881032 There's a simple counterexample to this argument: operating systems. If it were not possible to create shared code, it would not be possible to write operating systems, which are nothing but shared code. Shared code does demand more careful management and versioning, especially of interfaces, and if you don't do that you are indeed hosed. But if you do then you aren't. Lisp in about 100 lines of Python: http://www.flownet.com/ron/lisp/l.py It's important to keep in mind that one of the reasons it was "easier" to program back in the day is that you had so many fewer options. The flip side of not having to install anything is not being able to install anything. BASIC was cool, but once you hit its limits (which was very easy to do) you were kinda screwed. Sure, you could learn machine language, but that was a lot harder than running Python or Javascript. 3) An appstore app will (or at least could) continue to work even when I don't have network connectivity. A Web app won't. I still don't get it. It isn't very funny. Well whaddyaknow. I wasn't aware of this. (I don't actually develop iPhone apps, I'm just a user.) It's being served as text/x-python, which I think is appropriate. So it's not the server that's "forcing" a download, it's your client. I suspect you're using FireFox, which seems AFAICT to be b0rken in this regard. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/11/life-imitates-art-i-hope.... Um, I was just in Japan and streets definitely have names. For example, this is in Nagasaki: http://flownet.com/ron/fukken_street.jpg This suggests a possible improvement to HN: do a WGET on the URL and make sure you get a status code of 200 before allowing the link to be posted. I have to second this. I switched from CL to Python years ago because of problems with the infrastructure, but now I'm in the process of switching back, largely due to Clozure becoming really ready for prime time, and tremendous improvements in the stability and usability of available libraries. The situation is still not perfect, but it vastly improved and getting better all the time. And, best of all, there's no spammy default site for unresolved names! I can tell you exactly why "That Alien Message" gets more attention: because it's a story , and a cracklin' good one. Human brains are hard-wired to be attracted to good stories. This is why mythology is so powerful. BTW, there is a pretty well worked out theory of what makes a good story. Geeks tend to pooh-pooh this theory because it's associated with the "squishy" field of stage and screen drama. IMHO this is a serious mistake. The world today really needs a better mythology. Those in its current inventory are getting obsolete. Some of them are becoming actively harmful. Coming up with a good mythology is not so easy. The last person I know of who did a notable job was L. Ron Hubbard (at least, he's the last one who did it intentionally ). Imagine how much better off the world would be if Hubbard hadn't been a psychopath. I hope some people reading this might start devoting a little time to thinking about this problem. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/10/reflections-on-being-ai-i... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dramatic_theory http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetics_(Aristotle) http://www.amazon.com/Story-Substance-Structure-Principles-S... BTW, the theory is pretty easy to summarize. At the risk of oversimplifying, the essential elements of a good story are: 1. A protagonist , who is a sympathetic character with a goal . In Eliezer's story the protagonist is not a single character, but all of humanity. Their goal is to understand the universe. 2. An antagonist , who places obstacles in the path of the protagonist to prevent him (or her or them) from achieving the goal. In Eliezer's story, the antagonist is whoever is causing the stars to blink. 3. A structure that includes (more or less) the following elements in order: a) An introduction that establishes the characters and the basic ground rules of the world they live in b) An inciting incident that launches the protagonist on a journey . In Eliezer's story this is the stars starting to blink. c) The journey itself, which ultimately leads to some kind of catastrophe from which no escape seems possible. d) A resolution , which results in the protagonist being forever changed in some way. It may or may not include the actual achievement of the protagonist's goal. It may, for example, be the protagonist realizing that they chose the wrong goal. Think "Wizard of Oz". Of course, there's a lot more to say than just that, but those are the fundamentals. How do you think Eliezer managed his original "trick"? I have a very hard time believing this. I can certainly believe the bit about finding the failure mode, but not the bit about deliberately sabotaging a public demo. That would be beyond stupid. Yes. VLC allows you to easily circumvent some of the copy protection schemes on commercial DVDs. Apple doesn't like it because the MPAA doesn't like it. > Especially troubling is the way the current divergence is addressed. The argument looks to me like "we can use this data as a proxy for all periods except those where we have direct measurements to verify correlation" I find that weak at best. +1 Yes, I know that "+1" a weak comment. But I wanted to draw attention to this particular point because I think it's really crucial, and so far I have not seen it well addressed. Which is further evidence that CSS still should not be used for layout. http://www.flownet.com/ron/css-rant.html (How do you do links in HN comments? Markdown syntax doesn't seem to work.) Oh, sorry, that's not what I meant. What I meant was how do I make a link with some text other than the URL. (Apparently it's not possible in HN comments.) That is indeed a better rant :-) Are you referring to me? I certainly don't want anyone to think that I "know all the differences between multiple Lisp families and multiple implementations within families". Life is much too short to spend a lot of cycles on trivia.