I'd argue the opposite. I find nginx config much more flexible, and compact. http://www.rkblog.rk.edu.pl/w/p/hosting-django-under-nginx-s... Doesn't look bad at all. ~10 required lines, all of which are just telling nginx how to call wsgi and what params to pass. Very similar to the apache config to do the exact same thing. 16 digits of precision != 16 digits of accuracy. COBOL? What if there was something like a git deploy command? Basically, when you don't actually care about git functionality on the remote (production/staging) end, that would actually change the remote files. (Yes, I know it can be done with a hook, but that's more of a power user solution, and it's still extra work to setup) Does the font rendering seem very different to anyone else? Using the same font (Anonymous Pro 14pt), I had to increase the vertical spacing from 1.0 (as it was in iTerm) to ~1.18 to get the same spacing. Bold is rendered differently (worse) too. It does seem quite a bit snappier on my old G5 though. Comparison shot: iTerm on the left, iterm2 on right: http://i.imgur.com/9yA8y.png At a glance, quite possibly. It's entirely possible that it's one of those 'tiny changes that bugs you' sort of things. When you look at a font rendered in an exact way for 6 or so years, slight changes just look really...off. Wouldn't it be optimal to make the reward inversely proportional to the number of snakes turned in? That way as the population goes down, snakes become harder to catch, thus more valuable dead than alive. It also makes "farming" a negative pressure, since it decreases the reward per unit. Remember we don't have VAT here, so that's what, a 25%, 30% difference right there? Most of the stuff that makes nginx work/fast aren't available on Windows. A lot of it is pretty much reliant on a unix api. That said, spotify's baseline is -q5 Ogg Vorbis (true VBR at an average of around 160kps), not 128k MP3. Huge difference. VBR mode is a huge win for an codec, and Vorbis in general is less "obvious" than MP3. In particular, drums aren't a dead giveaway that the file is compressed, unlike any MP3 For example, let's say you've got a string like 4|1|45|343|22. You want to return a string with the last three numbers, but seperated by a comma and a space. In PHP: $arr = explode('|',$str); $last_three = array_slice($arr, -3); return implode(", ",$last_three); In Python: return ', '.join(str.split('|')[-3:]) Small conciseness improvements snowball as the codebase gets larger. In fact, being unable to chain functions in PHP is actually my biggest beef with the language. If you could do return implode(', ',array_slice(explode('|',$str),-3)); that'd be a lot less annoying. Still not as good as the python, but a lot closer. Urm, no. There's lots to like about Drupal, but clean code isn't one of theme. I mean, it's not PHPNuke, but clear and logical it ain't. I'm saying that as lead dev on a drupal site that pushes pretty heavy traffic and has thousands of man hours in it. That's where I'd risk to me. For one, the combat theme is going to instantly turn off at least half the females, and a chunk of the males also. It just doesn't have the same appeal. I'm calling BS on this. LOTS of python gets used in places you don't expect. I've had backend stuff running in python for years. That's not really it. This, at least in my understanding, is a fully generic optimization, of operations on constant strings. Frankly, no. Just no. The REASON PHP needs a page per function is the sheer number of poorly handled edge cases, version incompatibilities, and gotchas. One thing to point out, based on my experience, is that you need about 10x or more peak throughput to handle a given average throughput. Spikes kill you. Your average GM is also not Gary Kasparov. The difference between a typical GM and one of the handful of elites is pretty astounding. I don't really think that's desirable. Trying to make a document database pretend it's a relational database may work "ok" for simple things, but when you have code that expects to do things that practical in SQL (think: joins, etc) it'll all end in tears. 3rded. A major version bump should indicate major changes e.g. time to go through any code that talks to the server. If they just want to have a number that grows, they should do something like vRELEASE.MINOR. That would be sane. It would also NOT mean "all gems/app just work with it", which is what GP said. The point of a major bump is to say to the ops team/sysadmin "HEY! We actually changed some stuff. You probably want to check with your programmers to see if any of these changes will effect our client code". The fundamental problem with daily deal sites is that by large and large the customer profile they attract are the LEAST attractive to local merchants. Who wants a customer who only buys things that are on sale and has no loyalty? The only time i really see it making sense is if the profit margin is huge that even after the discount and fees, the deal is still profitable. (Imagine something like a portrait photographer with lots of empty appointments...where even a fraction of the normal fee is still better than nothing, and where there is potential to upsell at full margin.) Notepad -> Arachnaphobia (Something like that...very early windows syntax highlighting html editor) -> Emacs -> jEdit -> Textmate -> MacVim -> Sublime 2 I see this sentiment a lot. It annoys me. NoSQL is not a performance operation. It's about choosing a representation that is appropriate for your data. To repeat history: No wireless. Less space than a nomad. Lame. I thought the whole point of a DTD was that a validating parser could download it, and, well, validate. Pretty pointless. Very shallow feature comparison. No benchmarks or performance commentary at all. That's been true for a looong time. Remember when offices had typing pools and messenger boys? True for any number of companies, including Marshall/Orange/Sount City/HiWatt in the UK, pretty much ALL of which got into business after being recruited to build louder amps for The Who. For anyone else who's curious, the actual site is http://mojolicio.us/ . If you're trying to get new blood linking to a site without docs, or any apparent links to get more info is maybe not the best way of doing so. Ok, so it is. Problem is it just looks like a tag or something. Really? It seems to me like a mostly small vocal group is pushing 3. Most people I talk to actually using it heavily in production are ambivalent or actively planning on staying on 2. Python 3 is exactly how not to do a major language change. They broke enough that porting isn't trivial, and for many programs there just isn't any benefit. Plus the performance noticeably regressed. Pretty impressive, but that ain't space. Ubuntu has been losing that plot for a long time. Remember when they shipped a version with essentially broken audio? Because they decided to switch to PulseAudio? Yes, but when you're trying to make an "end-user" product, you don't throw in huge changes a few weeks before release. Which is what they did with Pulse. Maybe they'd have fewer problems if they you know, actually released stuff? Having dealt with CPAN, I'll take python and pip _any day_. CPAN is practically the definition of dependency hell. For developers it may be good (I don't write Perl, so I dunno), but for end users it's a real clusterfrak. How else would one deliver bug fixes, exactly? Like depending on 20 other modules, 4 of which fail to build with the current version. Lots of bitrot. Yea, that sounds like a good way to get lots of unfriends. Who comes up with this stuff? I'd hazard a guess that you're wrong. Dedicated scanners became totally obsolete for 99% of users with the switch to digital photography. Any plans on supporting objects in standard open CAD formats? It'd be handy on occasion to be able to be able to dump an IGES or STEP file out of Solidworks and get it printed. Doesn't the fact that a stock is traded on an OTC exchange really tell you all you need to know? Is that really unfair though? Was it made clear on the product page that it was not i18n? Every american chain "grill" would disagree with you. I've been running Arch on a vps for a few months and I really like it. It feels like a more modern slackware + good package management. Very solid, and it doesn't pointlessly deviate from the standard way of doing things. Depends on what you mean by expose. Root it, install terminal app, and go nuts. Ironically, vinyl is the one segment of the industry that well. It's been growing double-digits percentage wise every year for at least the last 6-7 years. In 2010, vinyl sales were actually higher than in 1991, the last year the majors were distributing most releases on vinyl. 2011 looks like it could be up as much as 25% over 2010. Why is this? Well, at least for me, it's a much better value proposition, despite being substationally more expensive. Full size art, much better sound quality, etc. Sterlings are normally run on solar heat. > Look at how much rock stable C software we have out there. Which would be what exactly. The work of Knuth and djb I'll grant you, but the rest? No he doesn't. defaultdict provides a default value for ALL missing values. His approach allows him to target one key in particular, and is a very common python idiom. Because it's actually (somewhat confusingly, called setdefault). >>> a = {1:'foo',2:'blah'} >>> a.setdefault(1,'default') 'foo' >>> a.setdefault(4,'default') 'default' >>> a {1: 'foo', 2: 'blah', 4: 'default'} This actually updates the underlying datastructure. Very handy when you want to deal with nested structures, since you can do something like: matches.setdefault(keyword,[]).append(s) This will append s to the list in matches[keyword] if it exists, or set matches[keyword] to [] and then append. Yep, also somewhat common on boats, especially sailboats, for the same reasons. That's true, but in the real world it's fairly uncommon to see actual burners in use, outside of machine shop projects and the like. BSD kernels have had numerous exploits over the years. GCC is a massive hairball. gzip has had exploits ( http://www.kb.cert.org/vuls/id/381508 for one). Care to try again? This is the language that doesn't have proper function arguments, exceptions, objects, etc, and you're calling OTHER languages a subset? Sorry, I just don't see it. What exactly is so awesome in Perl that isn't easily done in Python/Ruby/Scala/D/Haskell? Not sure I follow you. Your python example is very explicitly passing a _single_ arguement, a list of three items. If you call it the same way you call the perl code, you'd have the same result. Wow, what a completely terrible name. I honestly think having an easy-to-spell/type _and_ pronounce name was a factor in Google's success. Of course, if this could be used for large portions of the structure, that really changes the equations a lot. You don't need nearly as much lift for a given weight of cargo. The Hindenburg used 200,000m^3 of hydrogen (generating a lifting force of approx. 215,000kg. Net useful load was only 10,000kg. Uh, in this context I would wager he has a pretty good idea how many people he said no to. That's one way to look at it. I don't remember it quite that fondly. I also remember the missing replies, broken threads, spam you couldn't really do much about, endless flamewars about top-quoting vs bottom-quoting, etc. Plus the pace was just glacial - it could take hours for some posters posts to appear. Maybe is was better in the REALLY old days - a bit of quick, non-exhaustive google groups searching shows my first usenet posts in June of 1997. Not really. Decent writers cost money. Editors cost money. Fact checkers cost money. Are there people who will write about their hobby for free, and produce good quality content? Sure. At the same time, many things require feet (and equipment) on the ground, on location, and that, again, costs money. Look, I'm normally pretty easy going, but it's just like to say it's people like YOU that are ruining the internet. I really wish all the SEO-cretins would just go find something else to do with their time. The issue I take is when they're blatantly trying to makes ads look like legitimate content. The difference is I can't adblock text. Here's why I say ruin. Remember when you could do a search for product reviews, and actually get product reviews , instead of a million template link bait sites? Nothing, in and of it self. My rant was more at this whole group of grey/black hat SEO, a group he most defiantly IS in. It's defiantly at least gray. He openly admits to trying to trick visitors into thinking the ad is organic content. That's well over the line in my book. It's pretty much certain, given the widespread acceptance python has in scientific computing, an area where Ruby penetration is minimal-to-nonexistant. Those are just spambots, not actual people. Author needs to figure out a better way of doing screencapture. Using an image that might _actually_ induce seizures isn't a very good first impression. Please don't let this bit of reddit-stupidity transfer here. "LOl upvotd" posts don't add anything and just clutter the discussion. May I make the suggestion of installing Reddit Enhancement Suite. Unsubscribe from all the default sub/r's (wtf, offbeat,askreddit, etc), and block all posts from imgur and quickmeme, and things look a lot better. The problem is too much focus on 'simple math', and not enough on numeracy. I'd imagine logistics would play into it also. Not just shipping, but things like UL certification. When your're working on the sort of razor thin margins they certainly are at that price point... It's Groovy still, like, slower than Ruby? That was always the big attraction with Scala - all the fun stuff, but less than a 5% performance penalty over vanilla java. You're assuming that the only people interested in these languages are only people locked in to Java-the-platform. That defiantly isn't the case, especially for Scala and Clojure, as they offer combinations of features and language traits that aren't really available elsewhere. The function without () thing annoys the crap out of me. I much prefer Python's way of doing things, () is the no-argument call, and without parens is the actual callable object. It emphasizes that functions really _are_ first class values that can be passed around, instead of having to use some special-case syntax to get at the callable. That's true, but on the other hand, there are many apps that are pleasure to use where a web site is a pain in the ass. The android gmail app comes to mind. > The bits of PHP that are "much worse" are mostly either legacy cruft that nobody in their right mind uses anymore Ever dealt with PHP code in the wild before? The amount of PHP written by people not in their right mind is VERY high. Eww, glad I didn't have to with HTML that nasty. I actually coded something very similar to this ( http://www.reflector.com/jail-bookings ) for our website about a year ago. Users don't read manuals. If you expect the user to read the manual to use your product, you have failed. If other there was another provider of high-quality smartphone equipment that didn't have a business plan of rampant market fragmentation and crapware. Made the switch from a Moto Droid 3 months ago and couldn't be happier, personally. Super extreme metal. Messuggah, Vried, Vektor, stuff like that. Tech/prog death mainly. Have to start it a bit gentler in the morning, usually some old school doomer/stoner (St. Vitus, Slough Feg, Candlemass, etc) I'm more surprised that they lasted this long. I remember using it back when it was Mandrake. It was ok for it's time. At the time, when I was stuck on dialup, it was nice to be able to buy a desktop distro on CD, but I really don't see how they've had a viable business model in years. It's worse than that. It seems to be using the same deeply flawed GeoIP database as many other cheap/free services. For instance, the connection I'm on, a business class fibre connection with CenturyLink, claims to be located in "Tyler, TX", even though I'm 2000 miles from there. I'm conflicted. Conditions for the lower class in China are abominable with industry or without. The alternative for those workers is to go back to their home village and do subsistence farming. It's not like they have a ton of options. The big difference is that in Drupal it's possible to get pretty far without ever writing a single line of code, even templates. For some use cases that's very powerful, especially an environment where you have trainable, reasonably technical people who aren't programmers. It's not bad once you get your head around it. Sure, it's not buzzword compliant (MVC, TDD, ORM OH MY!) but for what it is, it can be pretty compelling. My primary job for the last 2 years has been developing a Drupal site for a group of daily newspapers with monthly page views in the low 8 figures. We were in a situation where we had to get a site up quickly (Our small group was bought off from a much larger conglomerate, so the huge $$$$ Java system we had been using went away). Drupal allows us to get a tolerable site up in about 3 months, and a much better site up about 6 months later. Have there been pain points? Sure. But if we'd used anything else there's no way we would have been on our feet nearly as quickly. Are we investigating other options? Of course, if I wasn't I wouldn't be doing my job. There's a part of me that would love to rewrite the whole thing in Rails or Django. That would be a huge undertaking though. It's actually already happened. Most of the really nasty stuff (electronics recycling, sweatshops, etc) is now happening in places like Bengal and Sub-saharan Africa. Depends. We serve ~40 PHP requests a second (and that's NOT counting stuff that hits the cache) on reasonable hardware - an 8G webserver VM, and a 4G DB VM, both with 4 cores allocated, and hot copies of each for failover. Our site is pretty interactive, and even the stuff that's cached is short (5 minutes or less) timeouts. I've done it. Use case involves a class wrapping python's xml-rpc stuff to talk to Drupal. Drupal's xml-rpc interface is not the most pleasant thing to work with, as you have to pass in a session id and auth token on every request, and then all the "actual" parameters go in as an array. My wrapper class would query the remote interface for available methods, and then dynamically generate, via eval, a function object that used a closure to store the sess/auth tokens, and that took a variable number of arguments to pass as the 3rd array argument to the function. The eval'd function object was then bound as a method to the connection object. It also did a bit more magic, such as on error logging the arguments to a file. ALl in all it made writing web-service clients a lot more pleasant. But the data still needs to go the Google Analytics server to actually do the tracking...in an HTTP request. You should really re-think your stance on the size. As a website publisher, anyone wanting to run a non-standard size is going to have to A: pay me for an exclusive spot, because I can't run any other ads in that slot and B: pay for my time to write custom code for your ad. Doesn't happen often. That's all assuming that's a size I can even fit into my design without making the site look bad. The 250px width is awkward. For us, our right rail is sized around a 300px wide big box ad, 250 is enough off of that that it's going to ruin the solid right-side margin we've designed. Look into the IAB (Internet Advertising Board) standard sizes. You want to pick one (or more) of those. I think you're missing the point. With this feature you'll be able to write a query that returns a JSON string of the results, possible as a field in a larger result set. It also validates that the JSON parses on the way in. But the whole point of Bootstrap is for _non_ designers to be able to make decent looking sites with minimal effort. Give them control over things like spacing and font sizes, and most of them will get it very, very, wrong. Probably worth pointing out that there is a coordinated reading going on over at reddit, starting tomorrow. http://reddit.com/r/GEB Indeed. Another irony, the Cheezburger Network sites are using a pop-up complaining about SOPA, when arguably they are just the sort of site there is a legitimate complaint about, as they routinely rip off other people's comments, and bask in the ad revenue. Have to disagree. Given the nature of the book, preserving the format and illustrations are VERY important. It wouldn't translate at all. In fact, the author feels so strongly about that they he has insisted the original 1979 typset he prepared be used for all subsequent editions, to exactly preserve the formatting. Well, for one there are a fair number of equations, which ebook readers are going to struggle with. Plus there are "structural puns" which depend on lines aligning and breaking in a certain fashion. Here's an example page from Amazon's preview: http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/8082/screenshot20120118at14... Note the musical extract, the heavy use of blockquotes, etc. It's pretty much a worse case for an ereader. PS: I'll admit I'm a bit late to this party, as I just bought my copy for the Reddit readthrough, and it's the first actual dead-tree book I've bought since my Kindle. I too was annoyed at first by the lack of a ereader version, but after reading the first few pages of the intro I couldn't imagine reading it any other way. This is a VERY dense book where I often find myself flipping back a page or two to reference earlier material. The popular e-reader formats are all HTML subsets. I really don't think the formats actually could render the equations faithfully, without just making images out of them, which means they are either going to be paginated awkwardly and generally be hard to read. If you had a large format reader that could do PDF properly, that could handle it though. I wonder (seriously) if banning names for bills wouldn't be a bad idea. No more cutesy names or names that are a blantant sympathy ploy ("Rachels's Law", or whatever). Just make them refer to it as HR3415 or whatever the actual designation is. Why not just use torrents? Rather ironic to see this on a site so crowed with obnoxious social media-cruft that it actually took me about 5 seconds to find the article text... It actually is sort of both. The core feature set is well designed and relatively slim, and supports the three most common topologies - as a front end for static content, as a front-end up for an external "web engine", e.g. php-fpm or rack or a WSGI app, or as a reverse proxy/load balancer. It's a very good 90% solution - 90% of the time it does everything you need, and it does it well. That comes at the cost of supporting certain corner cases or features, WebDAV for instance. Where it might not be as good as in something like a shared hosting environment where you want to give users something they can tweak like an .htaccess file. That sort of per-request configuration loading runs counter to the performance profile they're trying to provide. I wouldn't assume that at all. What's keep them from running a GUI-less version of webkit on their server farm. In fact, I'd be surprised if they _didn't_. That would make things worse. The biggest problem with Reddit right now is that not enough people downvote weak content. Making downvotes harder will only increase the rate at which the 4chan refugees meme the place up. I believe the game he's referring to is "Crush the Castle". Doesn't have to be. Hint: Unsubscribe from any sub-reddit that new users default to being subscribed to... If you don't mind writing a little C, that could serve as a bridge, since both runtimes can speak C. Because then you'd end up writing stuff like span6-12 or span1-16. Confused why you'd need 16 also. Any even division you can do in a 16 col grid you can also do in 12. It was my understanding that the Motorola purchase was solely about acquiring patents, and did NOT include the hardware side of the business at all. Not for a memached server. If it ain't RAM, memcached can't use it. In theory it probably could, but you're losing all benefit at that point. The big selling point of memcahce is that it's VERY fast. Our memcache server (Ours is only 8GB, not nearly as impressive as some) averages under 1ms object fetch times, even accounting for network overhead. That's not being asked. The question is wether a Mexican entity has legal standing to take legal action using a US law against a US-based entity in a US court. If it can run opera mini and ssh it ain't a dumbphone. If it can run opera mini and ssh it ain't a dumbphone. Re point 3: Also don't forget that while the value of these cars may depreciate to daily driver levels, the maintenance costs don't. Speaking from semi-painful experience as the owner of a '96 Lexus with 160k on the clock. You say that like it's a necessarily bad thing. Remember the post recently about the guy who was doing exploiting exactly that spread on Craigslist? A feature phone. Yes, it's dead. But basically minus the government stuff. Well, there is NPR (National Public Radio) which is about 15-25% government funded, but that's typically news/talk/classical. Some of the edgier NPR stations might have an acoustic rock/folk set at midnight on a Friday... There is a word for those people. That word is "wrong". Don't fall victim to the tyranny of the masses. Because Ubuntu has become, for the last 2 years or so, a game of "what will they break next". Started, arguably, with the not-even-halfbacked initial Pulseaudio implementation, and continuing on to Unity. Not a bad analogy. I recently migrated my main desktop back from Windows 7 to Linux, and I actually ended up on Fedora. I've been pretty pleased with it overall. Sure, I ripped out Gnome 3 and dropped in KDE 4.8, but on the whole it really works quite well, including 3D (I recently replaced my old ATI card with an NVidia 560, which certainly helped). Surprised even me. My linux journey, going back 12 or so years, was more or less Mandrake -> Debian -> Gentoo -> FreeBSD -> Ubuntu - Slackware. I tried Debian recently, didn't really like where any of the distros fell - unstable was TOO bleeding edge, while even testing lagged annoyingly far behind. Arch is nice, and I like it on servers but too fiddly for a desktop. Fedora really seems to be right around the sweet spot where it's useable, pretty up to date, but more importantly it's very much "linux" as I remember it, not with lots of not-very-well documented magic going on. kubuntu are the ones who maintain the packages. If they go away, you're either HOPING someone volunteers to package KDE in an independent repo (a pretty daunting task), or you're building it from source. Still a big [citation needed]. Compare with something like cached Mako templates in Python and I seriously doubt it's competitive. A malicious attacker with 30 seconds on your machine unobserved could just keylog you. In the case of Mako at least, caching doesn't mean caching in the way you mean it. It's more akin to opcode caching in PHP, saving the actual python code generated from the template, not the result. Just saves from reparsing the template every time it's rendered, but the actual template logic still runs. Because of course everything _else_ Anonymous has done is totally legal, above board, and not at all disreputable. Agreed. I've been running KDE 4.8 on FC16 at home for the last 2 weeks or so. Very happy with it. At that point it's also useless for matching. Well, the permanant "special" is a bit of a red flag... What an odd example. Other than perhaps a palindrome detector, I'm having a really hard time coming up with a use for a reversed-strings. Python DOES provide a reverse for arrays. An alternative viewpoint is that Python makes it so you GET to that point a lot quicker, since your iterative development cycle is so much faster, No compiles, no need to refactor a bunch of stuff to accommodate minor data structure changes... Can we get a semi NSFW tag on this? It's a bit...edgy. Well, I mean, there's an above the fold pic of a guy simulating sodomy, and lots of F-bombs. Some of us don't work for startups, or even, gasp , in places with an HR department with no sense of humor and a sexual harassment policy. In a place where I wouldn't want my boss's boss to see me reading a site with the word in 60pt type, yes. Welcome to the bible belt. Python is much better positioned here, since the default is to be sane. So the typical question is "I'm trying to do something a bit odd, can I?" vs "Help, that unlabeled lever I bumped into just blew my foot off." Well, in Perl, you have to turn on `use strict`. That ain't 8-bit. That's just crappy graphics ala 1995 Mac OS Classic games. Looks alot like the old shareware Escape Velocity games. Well, considering that part of my job is evaluation of new tech, regular scans of tech blogs are actually expected. No, it _isn't_. It has many things that NO 8-bit system was capable of, like smooth gradients in multiple colors, and rotated sprites. 16-bit I'd maybe grant you, but no way is it 8-bit. Incentive for established comedians. Don't minimize the need to be able to front the $100k+ to do the initial filming, venue, rental, etc. But that's not the same value proposition. The deal is "professionally shot/produced/edited video shot at in a venue with good lighting and sound, in front of a live audience". You're not replicating that for $500. Rule 0: If you want my eyeballs, don't stealth subscribe me to anything. Just because I bought one widget from you does _not_ mean I want to start getting recurring e-mails from you. Violate this, even once, and you've lost my business. My gut reaction is is that that's even worse. This may be a personal bias against "reaction" e-mails. One thing that might help is to keep things VERY brief. If I see a wall of text I instantly go for the delete key. One or two sentences that DON'T look like some canned e-mail I _might_ scan. But don't waste my time. My time is precious to me, your store (probably) isn't. Imagine if each e-mail you sent to me cost $10 to send. Do you still send that e-mail? If not, don't waste my time. I also find behavioral targeting very creepy, so that'd be a turn off. But you've lost any chance of me becoming the one of the 10% of your customers that generates 90% of your sales. Wouldn't a publicly stated policy of willful ignorance negate any defense of willful infringement? If I make a point of not looking at speed limits signs, and pt a bumper sticker on my car saying "I don't read speed limits", would it be reasonable to expect the nice police officer to not write me a ticket? It does look like a key. A key on a macbook pro. http://www4.pcmag.com/media/images/249927-apple-macbook-pro-... Interesting. What part of Cox's web division in particular? I'm actually working for a small group of newspapers that were spun off of Cox about 3 years ago. I don't think it's an image problem, really. It's a focus problem. I'd never buy a piece of Microsoft portable tech, because they always end up killing everything they release within a few years. If they could just stick with something for a while, I might have some confidence, but between PlaysForSure (hah!), Zune, Kin, etc, they give me no REASON to trust them. I've been using some Denon D-2000's for my work usage for a while. Were about $250 when I bought them 5 or 6 years ago, looks like they run closer to $350 these days. They're closed, but not super-isolating, a good tradeoff between not leaking sound, and being able to hear my phone ring. They're very comfortable, more so than other phones I own (At home I have a couple different pairs of Grados, Beyers, and AKG 301s). They also drive well of a standard headphone output, when many audiophile grade phones (the AKGs and most higher-end Sennheisers, for intance), don't. No, it won't. Game mode reduces latency on the order of 2-3 frames, so a 0.1sec or less. The issue is that the tuner has to consume a complete data frame before it can start displaying, since it needs to get a keyframe for the codec to start working. Basically the way modern video codecs work is that they only fully encode every Nth frame, where N is some smallish integer - 15 or 30 is common. From one keyframe to the next, they essentially encode a diff from the prior frame. The idea is that most of the regions of the frame have very little change over short timescales. It's a tradeoff. More keyframes means faster seeking (when you seek in a video, it has to start from a keyframe too, for the same reasons), but larger data rates for the same image quality. No, AT&T is in the business of selling _access_. The less each customer costs them, the better. A restaurant offers a 25% discount to seniors (65+), but you're only 60. You copy your friend's AARP card, changing the name, and present the cloned card to receive the discount. Is this fraud? Your "wasted time" is my "stress relief", so I can actually be productive when I am in the office. There have been times when I've worked significantly more hours than my usual 40 (I'm hourly though, not salaried), and I can honestly say that for me it's unsustainable. After about the first week of working 60 hours+ I'm probably _less_ productive working the second 60 than if I'd just worked 40s. Yes, that works great until some server you subscribe to has accidentally charges you for some huge amount due to a bug on their end, which overdrafts you, and you incur another overdraft for every transaction that posts on the same day. Through no fault of your own. Well yes, but then, you're the one who's screwed, through no fault of your own, and have fun talking to the bank getting them to reverse those fees. This is not a hypothetical scenario - here's one recent event: http://www.tomshardware.com/news/Warhammer-Online-MMORPG,101... I find it a bit amusing that someone on this site, where so much of the content is about optimization and business models, is acting so morally offended by the concept of price differentiation. No I didn't. I authorized a charge of $14.99/month, spending in your own words "money I had". Really, it is? How come in 2012, I, who live in decent sized US city (Metro area is about 140k), still pay about $40 for 10Mbit connectivity, barely better than I could get 10 years ago? and I wonder how many of that handful would realize that paying by check has even larger issues? Not a very good example, because that's a Crotale (A Flat, ~4" cymbal, basically), not a triangle. A low-end dedicated DAC is likely to be a substantial upgrade over a built-in soundcard (I'm assuming we're talking PC sound here). A PC case is a pretty noisy place, electrically - I know one one work PC I had once you could actually here the mouse move, if you had heaphones on and cranked the volume with nothing playing - horizontal and vertical movement had different frequencies. The move from a low end ($150-300) DAC to one much more expensive will be considerably less drastic, and likely won't matter until you've dropped at least $5k in to the rest of your system. That said, you may already own a DAC without realising it...as long as you're taking the singal out _digitally_ (e.g. SP-DIF or digital coax) to an external receiver, you're already in a pretty decent place. It's certainly true. Ogg is far less audible than mp3 - it's actually very decent at bit rates as low as 64kpbs. Thank you for saying that. I've never understood why a large portion of the tech community seems to worship him. Thought I was the only way that felt that way... Because they don't want to scare off people by implying that you need to play the older games first. There's still some value there. For some chains (Applebee's is one that comes to mind), some locations are actually pretty decent, while others are worse than fast food. What, exactly, is the POINT of unit-testing that function, other than patting yourself on the back? You might as well unit test that 1+1 = 2. That ARS writeup is pretty one-sided. I love how they paint him up as a poor student, and don't mention the $250,000+ he made off the site. This was absolutely not just piracy, but PROFITING from piracy. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/news/9013803/Student-R... Yes, ads. It's a difference of attitude. I found a snapshot of their site, here are a few bits from their FAQ: " Also, please keep in mind that you're watching videos for free as opposed to spending over 20 dollars at the movie theater or purchasing a show. This should help you put things in perspective (keep in mind that prices change but this is a normal, typical price). " ... snipped price list ... "So, as you see, you're saving quite a lot of money (especially when putting several visits to the theater or seasons together) by having to wait a little bit of time. " Their main listing page is broken up into genres, which shows they were aware of the nature of their content, and includes heading that indicate the source of the content: "Movies" "TV" "Anime", etc. They don't even make an effort to hide what they are doing. Their submission page mentions "Copying the name of the show exactly as it is on imdb". As for the issue of linking, it's a red herring here. This was not some neutral site linking to random, user submitted comment. This was a curated collection. They knew _exactly_ what they were doing. What if you put it in more physical terms. If someone went around passing out a list of people in your community who leave their back door unlocked, would you have a problem with that? After all, they're only "linking" to potential robbery victims, not actually robbing them. Edit: From their About page: "TV Shack™ was launched December 2007 by a handful of Swedish university students as a place to watch movies & television online by way of linking to video hosting sites across the web. ... 2009 is set to be a massive sea of change in online video viewing. TV Shack™ has set itself a target of being in the top 1,000 visited websites globally by the end of the year 2009, this will leave it perfectly placed to become an essential stop for the ever growing online video user base." Under the English interpretation of mens rea, this would seem to fall under the strictest level: "Direct intention: the actor has a clear foresight of the consequences of his actions, and desires those consequences to occur. It's his aim or purpose to achieve this consequence" Lots of things that are free speech are not legal. The very concept of Free Speech only refers to government infringement of your rights. I've seen code in productions apps with comments along the lines of "this isn't optimal, but it's easier to test". Every time I do, I die a little inside. Unit tests are THE most overrated buzzword of the last 10 years. How much of that complexity is self-inflicted? Most of the unit testing advocates I know are also the worst architecture astronauts. Every line in a codebase has a cost, including tests. I'd rather deal with a code base that's as trim as possible. I've done unit tests before, but I don't find that they help that much, because they don't solve the most common source of actual production issues: things you didn't think of. I don't do large-scale refactoring. Seriously. Small pieces? Sure. But I've never, in 15 years of development, had to rewrite half of an application I've already written. Spending a large amount of extra time and energy, things I don't have an excess of to begin with, for a "might" or a "maybe" seems like a rather poor choice to me. I'm curious as to what exactly you mean. Can you give some examples? If your're frequently making large-scale changes, I'd spend more time worrying about why you're having such a hard time nailing the requirements down. No, that still doesn't make sense. The loss discount was on a per-trip basis, not per hand, so basically if at the end of the week you were down $100k, you only owed $80k. The rules were generous but NOT totally even. The house still had around 0.25%, which is low, but not unheard of. Even on the Vegas strip you can find Blackjack games open to the general public under 0.50% house edge. Of course, that's with optimum general strategy, not "playing your hunches", which could easily open the house edge to 10% or more depending on how dumb you're playing. My guess is that he was card counting, but not with a traditional system, and he wasn't using it to size his bets, just to make strategy decisions, which would be harder to detect. The odds of beating 3 separate casinos, over a reasonable number of hands, even against a very low house edge, are quite small. No it's not. Soft 17 is worth approx. 0.25% on the house edge. Even in Vegas, it's not hard to find 0.50% edge blackjack, even at low stakes. They were counters. I meant the odds of beating 3 casinos without counting, which is that the article was claiming. The std. deviation of blackjack is quite low. 14,000 hands would be a fairly large sample for blackjack, for live hands. Now if we were talking about something like video poker, then yea, 14k hands would be nothing. Scala already has plenty of syntactic sugar for chaining method calls, so you can write stuff like: myObj explode 10 times which translates into myObk.explode.10.times() Through the magic of implicits, you can make any builtin type auto-cast to your wrapper type, so there really is no need for syntactic macros - scala is already DSL-enabled. Given a chance of being up of 40%, the chance of being up (and this is ignoring the magnitude of the win) over 3 separate trials is 6.4%. Because unless the major browser makers ship it in their mainline product, it's worthless. Most soundcards will have a virtual input that records the output. Audacity can record from any input your soundcard provides. Don't know how much I an really disclose, but, for us (small-ish daily, ~20k circ), once we went to a (partial) paywall, circulation defiantly went up. Our model is that you must be a subscriber to get through the paywall, all print subscribers get online as well - you can get online e-edition/pdf access without home delivery, but it costs the same. Our circulation is higher than it was two years ago. Not sure many papers can say that. A big chunk of that is classifieds, so the (no longer any) money is going to Craigslist. As far as "Any individual newspaper can make more money by giving their news away for free and selling advertisements than they can by charging readers.", that is absolutely NOT true. Advertisers pay much more for ads in paid publications. Has to do with reader engagement. It's W3C, what were you expecting? It's the very best example of death-by-committee I've ever seen. If they designed a lightbulb, it'd require a 9 step checklist just to get it out of the packaging, wouldn't fit in the industry-standard socket (because, of course, they've reinvented the wheel again, poorly), and by the time you actually got the thing installed the rest of the world will have moved on to better light-producing devices, but will be forced to deal with the W3C brain-damaged version of the lightbulb because it's a "standard". Isn't the argument more that SVG sucks, rather than that there is anything fundamentally wrong with vector graphics? Liquid Mountaineering looks to be the exact opposite of this. That was clearly a platform just under the surface of the water. The actual footage was genuine, they just weren't doing what they claimed to be doing, whereas this certainly looks to be a total fake job. Stage magic vs cut-rate Michael Bay No, I defiantly have, and it does. For a standard 13 years in the making, the number of decent FULL FEATURED implementations is minuscule. Stuff that mostly works likes Inkscape tends to use it's own dialect and not fully support all the features.