An immature penis joke is not "harassment". You shouldn't throw that word around like it's meaningless. Harassment is a serious thing, and this joke most certainly is not. Hardness only determines how difficult something is to scratch. Resistance to cracking is much more complex. For example, I could easily smash a diamond with a steel hammer. But I could also use that diamond to slowly grind the hammer to dust. It's (quite) a bit more complex (and expensive) than that. You can't just push a lump of carbon really hard into a sheet. You have to worry about all sorts of things to get a high-quality crystal, and making crystals that are both optically high-quality and large is very expensive. What was solved 50 years ago? Just because we can make synthetic diamonds does not mean we can make synthetic diamonds of any arbitrary size or quality. In fact, it becomes exponentially more expensive in proportion to the volume of the produced diamond. Most artificial diamond companies limit mass to 2-300mg per diamond because it gets much more expensive after that. Of course, we are speaking of optical-quality monocrystaline diamonds here. Polycrystaline diamonds are less expensive, but unsuitable for optical equipment (e.g. cell phone screens). That's not to say the problem is hopeless; in fact, there has been some very interesting research done in recent years on low-pressure microwave-based diamond synthesis that could allow for very large, kilocarat-scale diamonds. But for now, it is not feasible (as far as I know) to produce diamonds in the shape and size needed for cell phone screens, and certainly not at low cost. "The constitution is not a suicide pact." How do you know? It seems to me like the people who wrote the constitution (and authored/ratified the Bill of Rights) were willing to risk everything to achieve the freedoms enumerated in the constitution and its subsequent amendments. While I'm probably projecting my own opinions onto them to some extent, it seems to me that the founders of the United States would rather see the nation fall apart than become what they set out to destroy. "because virtually everyone (including the courts) agrees there should be some limits to free speech" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum "Virtually everyone" is not qualified to make a constitution, and if by "the courts" you mean the SCOTUS, then the courts have a history of doing a lot of stupid things based on personal bias. Or you can sell it. There are a number of middlemen who purchase vulnerabilities (in ways that protect the seller) and re-sell them to security firms. Claiming the UK has better individual privacy than the US is blatantly false. There are a lot of things I like about the UK, but privacy is not one of them. Some examples: The UK has no equivalent to the Fifth Amendment. In the UK, it is a crime not to give up your encryption keys to the police when requested. The punishment for keeping secret keys secret is two years in prison if you are suspected of most crimes, and five years in prison if you are suspected of "heinous" crimes. The UK also does not have something like the 4th amendment, which means that things like the Terrorism Act 2000 pass without challenge. Admittedly, the USA has been just as bad in this regard (with such things as the PATRIOT act), but I suppose some of the blame has to go towards the public attitude immediately following 9/11. In the landmark United States case Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, the SCOTUS ruled 7-2 that there was an implicit right to privacy in the United States constitution, backed by Constitutional Amendments 1,3,4,5,9, and 14. This right to privacy has not yet been used to protect internet privacy, but considering that the internet as we know it has been around for only 20 or so years, this is not exactly surprising. SCOTUS judges have a history of voting for a right to privacy despite their own personal beliefs, as demonstrated in Griswold v. CT, Bowers v. Hardwick, Roe v. Wade, etc. so this should hold up when it comes to internet privacy as well. And then, of course, there's the UK's history of egregious privacy rights violations, including widespread state-sponsored video surveillance, suspicion-less stop-and-searches, extensive usage of web-filtering system, and even deep packet inspection of and tampering with content transferred over HTTP. So the funny thing is that the UK already has extensive monitoring of people in cities, huge cloud computers monitoring their traffic, and extensive wiretapping. What you're describing as a terrible future for the US is already a reality in the UK. The NRA only protects hunter's rights (sometimes at the expense of non-hunting gun owners). The most recent victories in the supreme court were by the Second Amendment Foundation, and think-tanks like the Cato institute have done much more for the second amendment than the NRA. While the last decade or so has been good for supporter of gun rights, the entire 20th century was not. A lot of what gun rights activists are trying to do now is gain back some of the rights they lost in the 20th century. As a side note, I think it is interesting is that 3D printer and other consumer-level CAD technology may be for the Second Amendment what the internet was for the First: a way to bypass government regulations altogether. Please do not mistake my post for an endorsement of pro- or anti-gun viewpoints, I just want to clarify that the NRA isn't actually all that great for gun rights, and gun rights activists haven't been all that successful until recently. Neither of those things are indigenous to the UK's government. It's not like the UK actually follows half the things outlined in the ECHR. Which is why you sell it through established anonymous channels to well-known and well-reputed middlemen. >Of the 19 final declarations of incompatibility that had been issued by UK courts under the HRA by August 2011, only a single one hasn't yet been remedied (being the absolute ban on prisoner voting). You're right, my mistake. I was not aware that the Terrorism Act 2000 had been found not in accordance with the law. In my defense, it did take them 10 years to decide so. The last time I had studied the issue in-depth was before Gillan and Quinton v United Kingdom. So that's +1 for the UK; the courts have at least stood up to suspicion-less stop-and-searches. Of course, that's only a very small part of the problem. There is some strange mental block that makes it difficult for people to understand that technological progress does not and will not result in mass unemployment. Here's a clearer example with humans instead of horses: 200 years ago, Shoemaking was one of the world's largest industries. Today, it represents a very small fraction of the world economy and almost all shoemakers have been replaced by machines. What happened? As shoemaking machines became commonplace, shoemakers were suddenly unable to compete. Some of them found other jobs, some of them became destitute. Most were probably able to keep shoemaking until they retired, as the shoemaking machines took a while to roll out. However, the Shoemakers' children and other children in that generation were perfectly aware that shoemaking was no longer a viable industry. No one born after the popularization of shoemaking machines studied to become a shoemaker. What is the result? First, we now have less expensive, higher-quality shoes. This is not always an effect of mechanization, but it usually is. Second, we don't have mass unemployment. Why do we not have mass unemployment? Because when you replace workers with less expensive machines, one of two things happen; either the factory owner makes more money, or shoes start to cost less. If the factory owner makes more money, they spend it on a yacht or something. If the shoes cost less, the consumers have more money to spend on food or books or whatever. So, there are now very few people employed in the shoemaking industry, but all the shoemakers' children can now go into the expanding yacht-making or food-cooking or book-printing industries. Recap: Mechanization does not cause long-term unemployment. At worst, it causes unemployment for a single generation of workers. Ultimately, decreasing costs in one industry contribute to the growth of other industries (either via increased profits for the wealthy or decreased costs for the non-wealthy), so there is not a significant net change in employment. In the extreme scenario you mention, we have effectively infinite labor. Provided we also have effectively infinite energy and resources (which is entirely feasible or only a matter of time if technology is that advanced), the value of all three of those things (labor+energy+materials) drops to zero. That means we won't have to worry about employment. It will be an outdated concept. But in the mean time, we also have nothing worry about, for the reasons I mentioned. That's actually part one of the side effects of mechanization that I mentioned; not only does employment stay roughly the same, but we get better goods for less work. "The labor movement" had little to do with it; the amount of labor required for sustenance simply dropped to a remarkably small number of hours per day, thanks to technological advancement. The fact that we now have roughly 40 hour workweeks is simply how our culture responded to an exponential increase in productivity. So I'm not really sure what you're getting at. Are you complaining that we get to work so little and have so much? >The mayor of NYC coming out strongly and decisevly against the surveillance state would be huge. Bloomberg? Taking a stance for individual rights? You are a true comedian, sir! I wonder how long it will be before camera-smashing takes off as a political hobby. I know there are already a few groups in Russia doing it. How do they make money? If we have infinite labor, we have infinite resource extraction capabilities (limited by our access to energy). The scenario I see is solar-powered space mining. "Masculinity" is defined as "number of men who have this name per number of people who have this name." Seems to me like A)it's difficult to do this test accuracy given the small number of people who have a given name and B)it doesn't necessarily accurately reflect how we perceive the masculinity of a name. Also, "Because the number of female judges in the data is small, the asymptotic justification for conducting standard hypothesis tests is suspect." This is an interesting paper, but it seems like it would benefit from a larger dataset. Generally speaking, BGA solutions to fault-tolerance work by distributing everything across multiple computers. So every computer compares results with every other computer, and if a minority of computers find themselves in disagreement with a majority, the computers in the minority adopt the stance of the majority. I would be scared if they weren't using C (or a derivative like C++). C is a highly deterministic language. It has no "features" per se. If you point to a line of C code, I can tell you with very high certainty what assembly opcode(s) it will compile to. The only thing C does that might be considered a "feature" is memory abstraction, which is kind of important for any large programming project. Now, if you're trying to advocate using Java or Python or something, you've obviously never worked on embedded software. Not only does any very-high-level language introduce much higher resource requirements, but they are also much less deterministic (which is BAD for spacecraft). Proper C code is not less stable than any very-high-level language. In fact, there is a lot less that could go wrong. That's the whole point. There is no central authority; all computers are on the same level. Each computer does the calculations independently, and then they compare results. The computers in the majority either get the minority computers to accept the results or they somehow override the minority computers. I'm not sure how they negotiate, for example, low-level hardware access, but that's just an implementation issue. Take a look at the Bitcoin protocol. It's a very impressive example of many different computers agreeing upon something precisely, despite the fact that many parties have a vested interest in disrupting the Bitcoin network. >(is this possible?) re-tuning the beam's frequency. No. DVD burners simply use a 630nm or 650nm red laser diode. It can not be re-tuned more than a few nm, by regulating the temperature of the diode. You could replace the diode, but that is more effort than it's worth, and there's not much else to replace it with. If you wanted more power you might use a different diode, but the diodes are almost always buried really far in there and you would have to replace the electronics as well. Why not both? The compliant issues you mention (for the most part) do not exist. There are very few extra legal limitations for selling ammunition over the internet. These legal limitations could be shifted to third-party retailers, with Amazon as a middleman only. There are literally no extra legal limitations or regulations for a company selling (non-firearm) firearm parts, which Amazon does not allow. Selling ammunition requires roughly the same amount of legal red tape as selling knives or tasers (which Amazon already does). Sorry, I should clarify. I mean things that are functional pieces of a firearm ("functional" is hard to define here), even if completely legal and unregulated, are not allowed on the Amazon marketplace. Example: FCGs or upper receivers. Cosmetic parts like stocks and handguards seem to be allowed, as you noticed. As for Magazines introducing liability, Amazon stocks thousands of items like Knives, Tasers, Pepper spray, etc. that are illegal in some states but legal in others (just like magazines). >It also looks like they're making this free as in beer: I have no interest in free beer. I prefer free speech. These devices work surprisingly well. I have been fairly happy with its performance. >This is a big difference, one that hasn't been examined too well, and what has been written on it is not encouraging[0]. Random numbers is just about as close as you can get to true anonymity. In fact, I'd say that it is as close as you can reasonably expect to get no matter how you try to achieve it. It's also trivial to dis-associate your Bitcoins from a particular cryptographic identity, through the use of mixing services. What makes gold intrinsically valuable? >it is likely that whoever created Bitcoin was an amateur. You're kidding, right? Bitcoin is the single most impressive application of cryptography that I have ever seen in my entire life, and I get to look at a lot of cool cryptosystems. The only entity that could have created Bitcoin is some kind of savant or a group of very talented people. >ECDSA and SHA256 are referenced but little is said about whether or not they compose securely with the Bitcoin protocol, or even if the Bitcoin protocol itself is secure. By making only a few basic assumptions about the security of SHA, RIPEMD, and ECDSA, it's plainly obvious to anyone who remotely understands the protocol that the protocol is, in fact, secure. If you don't believe me personally, why don't you ask all the talented cryptographers who could lay their hands on over a billion dollars if they found a critical flaw in the Bitcoin protocol? >(though Bitcoin is not secure under the security notions used by cryptographers) You have no idea what you're talking about. Bitcoin makes very strict security guarantees and does not violate them. >people are hoping that its USD rate climb to $1000 or even $1 million, which is pretty ridiculous. Is it really? Not too long ago, a Bitcoin was worth about $.0007. 130/.0007 = 185714 It's only four more orders of magnitude to get to the $1M range. I don't think it's going to happen, but it's not all that far-fetched. >When someone sends me an iMessage, their client sends as many copies as I have devices? Generally how this works is that the sender encrypts the message with a symmetric encryption algorithm (like AES) and then encrypts the randomly-generated AES key with RSA with each of the receivers' private keys. So you only send out a single message, but it can be decrypted by any of the intended recipients. I'm trying to find more info about the certificate burnt into the CPU. Thus far, all I can find is the UID, which is an AES key burnt into the CPU and protected from cryptanalysis. However, I can't find anything about an asymmetric crypto key burnt into the CPU. Do you have any more info on that? It's true, 12.3T represents a large portion of the world money supply. But not an insurmountably large portion. >If I temporarily change my name to a random number There's nothing temporary about it. Unless you voluntarily publish something associating a particular address with yourself, there's basically no way for someone else to make that association. Making the association is completely infeasible if proper precautions are taken. >The problem is that all your transactions take place with the same public key or set of public keys. No, they don't. In fact, with the default client, it tries to minimize the number of times you re-use any given public key. >Sure, you can add more keys to that mix, but someone can probably always untagle the web. No, they can't. The "web" is comprised of a lot of cryptographically random probabilistic association, so the most you can possibly say is something like "there is a .0001% chance that this address belongs to the owner of this other address, and a 99.999% chance that it belongs to someone else." Nothing that would even remotely hold up in court, or even let someone associate you with a purchase. It literally does not get any more anonymous than this in a distributed identity-based system. Whenever any iDevice downloads a new keybag with an extra key, it gives the user like 15 notifications that a new device has been added to the iMessage account. I don't think there's a way to suppress this (without releasing a new OS). And? How does any other digital coin system solve this problem? In the end, you can always associate an identity with a purchase. Bitcoin simply allows you to have an infinite number of disconnected identities. It's true, a double spend attack is P difficulty. But it's a very, very expensive P, and the Bitcoin protocol makes no concrete guarantee against double spends. It simply makes the guarantee "it is incredibly expensive to pull off a double-spend attack". Which, to be honest, is a better guarantee than any traditional money system can make. >The pool of people who could have created Bitcoin includes almost everybody who has taken university-level courses on cryptography, No way. Have you looked at the whitepaper? The entire thing? Even completely ignoring the clever leveraging of cryptography, the sheer genius behind the methodology of the protocol makes me think that someone(s) extremely talented came up with it. >Ideas like hashcash have been around much longer than Bitcoin. True, but much of the genius comes from the way transactions themselves work. Right now, we're only leveraging a small portion of Bitcoin's capabilities. Because Bitcoin is really based on scripts assigned a value, the Bitcoin protocol allows for incredibly complex economic interactions in a cryptographically secure manner. The deeper I look into the protocol, the more I realize how genius some of the design decisions were. And besides, Bitcoin obviously did something right, because it's the only decentralized digital currency to take off. >But you are seriously overestimating the amount of intelligence required for developing Bitcoin. I think you're underestimating the elegance and complexity of the Bitcoin protocol. It's much, much more than a few crypto primitives strung together. I've already read that document. There's nothing about burned-in asymmetric crypto keys, only the burned-in symmetric AES key (the UID). I can't stand using IDEs like IntelliJ or Eclipse or just about anything else I've tried. For some reason, all that crap that hangs around the editing area makes me feel claustrophobic and distracted. I also feel like a lot of the development process becomes a black box. Instead of understanding exactly how your project is compiling (i.e. with what settings) and what external resources you're including, the IDE kind of shields you from that. When you do a project with UNIX-style tools, you have complete control and understanding of every step. And then there's also the fact that I can't stand having IDEs underline everything in red when I'm in the middle of typing a line. >I've heard this position before, I just don't get it. This is my screen while working on an early stage of a side project: Looking at that just makes me twitch for some reason. It's all so distracting to me. Maybe I have a poor attention span, but for some reason I feel like I can be so much more productive with something like this: http://i.imgur.com/ADvQF6e.png I generally do text editing in Sublime (and like you said, the Apple trackpad + OS X's gesture detection algorithms is a very powerful combo) and I feel like my development is very "zen". >Changing the linting timeout is very simple. What I mean is that most IDEs are incredibly annoying about small mistakes, and sometimes something like a dropped semicolon can light up a whole file with errors. The only IDE that I feel is sufficiently non-annoying about static code checks is Xcode. Xcode has very clever, non-distracting notifications about forgotten punctuation, control flow errors, etc. No, but the person being snooped gets a notification. No, by default your device notifies the shit out of you whenever your keybag is modified. >Amateurs can be talented. Not this talented. And you are aware that it's likely that "Satoshi Nakamoto" was actually a team of programmers, right? You don't get that kind of collaboration with clueless college kids. >no formal definition of security properties, no formal threat model, analysis that is limited to a specific attack strategy Why would they do that? Nakamoto wasn't selling the bloody thing, he was sharing the idea. We, the developers, have done this independently after Nakamoto fell off the radar. >I think the vast majority of Bitcoin users know little about Bitcoin's security properties or what it means for Bitcoin to be "secure." Maybe in the last year or so, but before that, 90% of the Bitcoin community was well educated on cryptography, and most of the power users still are. >The fact that a system is popular does not mean that the system is secure You're leaving something important out; the system is popular and the system has not been defeated in any meaningful capacity. That is a strong indicator of security. >It is also worth pointing out the Bitcoin is pretty unique in not having a "bank." Most digital cash systems require that currency be issued by an authority of some kind, and seek only to decentralize transactions (i.e. allowing offline transactions). No kidding! That's the whole motivation behind Bitcoin in the first place. >Being the only digital cash system without a bank that became popular is not as big of an achievement as you make it seem Are you shitting me? This is by far one of the biggest achievements in applied computer science in the last 25 years. Do you have any comprehension of the sheer number of previously purely theoretical methodologies leveraged to make Bitcoin happen? I feel like you're kind of dismissing Bitcoin without really completely understanding it. >It is not a better guarantee than previous digital cash systems made. Yes, it is. Cracking previous digital cash systems fell into the class of "hire a hacker" difficulty problems, which are significantly less difficult than the P difficulty problem presented by pulling off a 51% attack on the Bitcoin network. >that he (they?) is not well-educated in cryptography seems like a reasonable conclusion given what he published. Right, the person/group who published what may be the most significant usage case of applied cryptography in human history is probably not educated in cryptography. Have you even read the whitepaper? Perhaps you would change your tune if you saw what is actually being guaranteed. Nakamoto was perfectly aware of the challenges. When I say "Bitcoin is secure", that's by my standard, not Nakamoto's. I can't speak for him/them. I always go through and delete government and ISP certs from my computer's cert store. On OS X, you can do this from Keychain Access. The answer to this is a bit complex. But basically, if you're dealing with smaller transactions, it's OK to wait only a few seconds. If we're talking values However, there is a small risk of what is called a "double-spend attack". Basically, a criminal can send two Bitcoin transactions at once (one to the person they are paying and one to themselves). If they get lucky or can leverage a lot of computing power, they can make the person they are paying think they received their Bitcoins, but in the end, the attacker might be able to make the transaction in which they sent money to themselves go through first. Thankfully, such an attack is rather hard to pull off. If an attacker sends two transactions at once, some clients can detect such an attack and display a notification within a few seconds of the transaction. It also takes some luck and computer skill. Basically, it's not a repeatable process that someone can get away with. The other way, involving lots of computing power, is very expensive to pull off and gets exponentially harder as time goes on, which is why it's not really a risk for small transactions. So basically, there is a small risk of losing money if you only wait a few seconds, but almost no risk if you wait a few minutes. If my math is right, it takes, on average, 5 minutes for a block to confirm from any random point in time (if my math is right, which I'm not at all confident it is). So if I was doing a thousands-of-dollars transaction, I would wait for one block (5 minutes average? Someone check my math here), but if I was doing tens of thousands of dollars, I would wait for 3 blocks (closer to half an hour). Please, tell us Bitcoin's economic flaws. I do hope you're not going to parrot the same worn-out, fallacious complaints about deflationaryism, volatility, etc. that we've all heard and dismissed. That is patently false. The number of successful bitcoin businesses increases every day. Just take a look at Bitpay's success. I personally have spent hundreds of dollars in BTC on various products. >What legal business has any particular reason to accept Bitcoin payments, when they must then turn around and convert those payments to their nation's currency (at cost)? You should ask the hundreds of businesses that do so. The most obvious reason is the fact that it actually costs less. There are substantial fees associated with using credit/debit cards or paypal. The fees for converting BTC to fiat are much smaller. Lincoln was not the man we make him out to be. The Emancipation Proclamation was purely political. Lincoln wanted to split the country and pick up the bigger half. I suspect that, if not for the Emancipation Proclamation, we might call Lincoln a bad president. It might, if the article weren't so ridiculously overstated. >What would Lincoln gain by splitting the country in half? Do you understand that this is the single most successful way to political success in a historically bipartisan political system? This is how American politics works (and always has worked). Political parties make a big deal out of what are small issues in other countries in order to try to polarize the American public. The emancipation proclamation was simply one of these polarizing tactics. Here are a few Abraham Lincoln quotes you might enjoy: >“I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the states where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.” >“Negro equality! Fudge! How long, in the government of a god, great enough to make and maintain this universe, shall there continue to be knaves to vend, and fools to gulp, so low a piece of demagogue-ism as this?” >"there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will ever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality." >"My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it" >"In the course of his reply, Senator Douglas remarked, in substance, that he had always considered this government was made for the White people and not for the negroes. Why, in point of mere fact, I think so too." >international terrorism. Haven't you heard? Privacy = terrorism. Do you really want the government to be in charge of data transport with its track record of blatantly ignoring the right to privacy? Aren't you the least bit concerned that we'll end up with something like in the UK or China, where government control over internet infrastructure has lead to extensive monitoring and censorship? I'd rather take (possibly) slower and/or more expensive internet that the government has to put a lot of elbow grease in to censor or monitor than a (possibly!) cheaper and/or faster internet that the government has extensive control over. If you've worked in telecom, you might know how extensive the government's data monitoring infrastructure already is. I sure as hell don't want to make it any bigger. >any more than I lose sleep over having my mail opened. You know, that does bother some people. Are you bothered with having your incoming and outgoing mail checked for un-approved messages and then having those thrown away? >Yet we all support background checks. Sure do love that anecdotal evidence. Do you think the gun lobby helped to write the second amendment? I'd also like to point out that the gun industry doesn't really run ads in the same way most industries do. I've never seen a single gun ad outside of a gun magazine. People die every day. About 150,000 of them. That's nothing special. What is really going to matter in the long run is how we treat the people who are going to keep living into the future. I'm much more concerned for the living than I am for the dead. >but that doesn't mean this isn't a very emotional and trying time for many Right, because we should totally let the emotionality of a situation determine whether or not we completely overreact to the situation. >and save your opinions for a more appropriate time. RMS (and anyone else) is perfectly within his rights to say whatever he wants, whenever he wants. There is no "more appropriate time." Seems to me like Namecoin is a practical, secure method of distributed identification and verification. It's basically a secure P2P key:value store based off of Bitcoin's method of operation. Its original intent was to replace DNS (the website name is the key, the IP address is the value), but I see no reason why we couldn't also use it to host public keys. BoA would have to buy the rights to that name from whoever got it before them. Is the Ethernet PHY connected to the main processor over USB or something faster/more efficient? One of my biggest complaints about the Raspberry Pi is that the Ethernet is capped at a few dozen mbps, presumably due to constraints associated with USB. Nope, mine don't seem to go higher than around 6MBps (48mbps) on a good day. Edit: That was with one of the first models. My new one seems to hit about 75mbps. Using iperf (i.e. pretty ideal conditions) I peak at around 75Mbit/sec on a latest-generation Pi. Regarding your Roman Fire Brigade example, we can now produce a much more effective system with modern bookkeeping technology. Instead of paying for fire protection as your house burns, you pay for the fire protection in advance. In fact, that's already the way it works in some parts of the world. You pay the fire department in advance (so they can pay for the upkeep of their machines), and if you don't, they have no obligation to put out your flaming house. >Roads are a public good, not a business It's funny how I keep getting charged to drive on certain roads that provide a better service than certain other roads. > any decrease in government oppression isn't offset by the realities of the drug trade. What "realities of the drug trade"? Any drug sales happening on TSR are by small-time manufacturers and dealers. There are no shootings or stabbings on TSR. The cartels don't have any reason to use TSR. I think the nature of TSR prevents most of the "realities" you're citing. There are shitloads of lawyers who pick up malpractice lawsuits on contract, saying that they'll do the case for free if they get x% of the winnings. >It literally saves lives. Authoritarianism does tend to save lives. That doesn't make it a good thing. >If healthcare was left as a completely free market I dread to think how many people would die as a result of cut corners and rushed diagnoses. As if that isn't the case in the most heavily bureaucratized healthcare systems today... The free market doesn't result in "cut corners;" it results in optimal middle grounds between cost-saving and quality of service, tailored to individual market groups. #4 is hard thanks to the relatively strong crypto iMessage seems to use. Hopefully Apple can work out the kinks, though. #20 is hard because of how instrumental the lockscreen is to certain core functionality, including full-filesystem encryption. Apple would have to define a funky lockscreen API, and it would be really difficult to ensure that any given custom lockscreen didn't seriously impair device security (e.g. by returning a low-entropy key). #36 sounds unappealing to me. I don't want more social networking fads cluttering up my mobile OS. #46 kind of misses the point of Air Drop. We have dozens of easy-to-use and robust remote filesharing solutions. Air Drop only simplifies the act of creating a WLAN. There are some good points here, but a lot of this kind of just seems like a Christmas list for the Apple Santa. >it will refuse to run the application (even if you try to bypass gatekeeper). That sounds kind of shitty to me... Is there any simple way around that? That's a very valid point. I'm just worried about Apple's blacklisting mechanism being subverted, but I suppose stripping signatures isn't hard. Some people don't mind being tracked, and some people prefer it (because it can increase the quality and relevance of services offered to them). I can't think of a reason we should outright deny such services from existing. Additionally, such regulations would probably end up applying only to corporations (who are usually not malicious, and only want my money) but not applying to governments, who can cite "national security" concerns to justify tracking people anyway. As for mandating government transparency and protecting encryption, I think those could have a lot of potential to help without unfairly limiting any person or group. And I agree, we should make fewer things illegal, which is another reason it might not be smart to make collecting consumer data illegal. >Why build a factory today if you can get 5% a year increase in purchasing power just by hoarding currency? You don't; but the reality is that if the need for something becomes great enough, the potential profits from investing in production of that thing surpass the potential profits of saving. And if no one is investing in production, prices increase, combatting deflation. As usual, the market will solve this problem given a little time. >In a modern economy, especially where there's a lot of debt finance, price deflation is death. Then I guess businesses can continue to use deflationary currency while everyone who wants to save can use Bitcoin or some other non-deflationary holding. >Anyway, since Bitcoin isn't a currency in the sense of a transaction medium, a stable store of value, and a unit of account, but more akin to a digital pet rock or Beanie Baby, deflation doesn't really matter very much. A deflationary currency is certainly not a stable store of value either. Bitcoin is, of course, a transaction medium and a unit of account. I guess if you wanted, you could conduct transaction in beanie babies, but it would be much less convenient. Replacing the underlying crypto is 1000x simpler than replacing the coin production mechanism, for both political and practical reasons. You can replace RIPE or ECDSA or even SHA (in the address-generation mechanism) without impacting the miners at all. >everything should be encrypted by default Regarding phones, this is already the case with iOS. The Full-disk and Full-filesystem encryption mechanisms appear to be fairly/very strong. I believe since Android 4, full filesystem encryption has been supported, but I'm not sure if it's as well-integrated as on iOS. Apple has made an effort (although an imperfect one) to make text messaging secure by default. Obviously Apple screwed up pretty badly by making all this stuff closed-source, and it's probably full of vulnerabilities, but the reality is that this seems to be, in practice, enough to thwart LEO attempts to surveil users of iOS devices. I think we're on the right track. Have you used the new GPGTools client for OS X yet? It's the easiest thing in the world to encrypt emails. I don't even have to put a second thought in. OS X also supports S/MIME out of the box, which is just as easy (if not easier) to use after you get it set up. Go to page 10. http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/crcl-bor... >The state knows what it needs to know about bitcoins in the sense that it knows it can stop them easily Really? Because whatever they're doing doesn't seem to be working very well. That law was only used a few times, and even fewer times successfully. It was overturned in '08, but it was very rarely used even before then. Something about the article doesn't sit right with me. It doesn't match with the way I feel my own thought processes working. My brain is not constantly considering all possible binary options. (Is my phone ringing in my left pocket? My right pocket? In each of the bajillion possible positions it might sit within that pocket?) My brain is just receiving sensory data, not constantly making such high-level judgements on it. If it passes a certain threshold, it goes to some higher thought process and I consciously take note of it. When I feel a phantom phone vibration, it's as if I'm actually experiencing the sensation, not as if some low-level part of my brain reached out into my frontal lobe and started sounding the "phone is vibrating" alarm. http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=id%3AEJ2JLv5... http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=id%3AEJ2JLv5... I'd rather deal with some shitty ISPs and some good ones than be forced to use a single shitty government ISP for the rest of my life. >It would be great if there was a fixed colo fee for caching servers. Great for whom? Legally mandated fixed fee services are generally not the highest in customer satisfaction. >Starving people die from lack of protein, not low body fat. [...] Calories and stored fat have little to do with it. A fat person will die of starvation before a muscular person. Don't be ridiculous. If you use up your glycogen reserves, and then your fat reserves, you are dead. You need energy to live, and it has to come from somewhere. You can die of protein deficiency, but it's definitely not the sole cause of death by starvation, and I doubt it's even the leading cause of death by starvation. There are some weird and strangely compelling sites on that list. I went on a very strange journey through some of those sites, and I found a chat room evidently operated by some secretive domain-squatting millionaire filled with a motley crew of famous shock site operators and random bored folks stumbling across two-letter domains. The internet still manages to surprise me sometimes. What you're looking at is the die of an LED. Almost made the same mistake myself. A few folks from Canonical on IRC told me that they don't have any plans to support upcoming major smartphones. It sounded like they were hinting at hiring a Chinese OEM to make them a custom branded phone that they would support (but not a brand new phone; just a standard Android smartphone with an Ubuntu logo). I said that was a terrible idea, and that it would severely limit the number of adopters of Ubuntu Touch, but they basically said "not your problem." True, I suppose, but I hope I misunderstood what they were saying. Yep. A victimless crime is not a crime at all. Absolutely. On AVRs, `new` and `malloc` work, but just barely. RAII/stack-only programming is basically a necessity. That is simply not possible with languages like Python or Javascript. And what happens when you need to specify a pin mode on the Tessel? If you don't have at least tri-state support (which isn't compatible with human-friendly abstractions like "blink"), you're going to burn out a lot of sensors. Most modern microcontrollers have anywhere from 3 to 5 possible pin states, and I don't think it's possible to safely wrap these up in a nice, human-friendly function like "blink". For example, on a lot of ARMs, you have: In, no pull In, pulled up In, pulled down Out, up Out, down and on AVRs, you have In, no pull In, pulled up Out, up Out, down You necessarily have to have ugly secondary functions like "pinMode". No, this story demonstrates that an "excessive" inheritance is a burden to a certain set of heirs. It tells us nothing about the effect of "excessive" inheritances on other heirs. Let's not take sample sizes of one and use them to justify assertions about large groups, shall we? Did you actually read the headline? That is precisely what it is saying. Perhaps the author's arguments about the benefits of graphing calculators are legitimate, but there is no reason that this is specific to TI. TI 8* calculators seem to me to be particularly overpriced and lacking in modern features. You did a very good job of making it sound as though it is someone else's fault, even intention, when someone fails. Of course, calling failure "euthanization" is ridiculous fallacious bullshit. When you replace someone with a machine, the cost of creating whatever object or service they worked to create goes down. Either the customer gets a better deal (and has more money), the shareholders get more profit, or some combination of the two. Either way, the customer buys more stuff or passes the benefits onto their customers, and the shareholders buy more stuff. All of a sudden, there is more demand for labor, and over time, the displaced humans get hired again. You are invoking the luddite fallacy. That's probably because there's no good reason things won't just work themselves out. Said people in every historical state that was slowly sliding towards despotism. Look up the luddite fallacy. When we, as a society, reach that point, goods will be so cheap that people won't need to work to live. Good. These rules are ridiculous and not founded in reality. No consumer communication device is going to cause harmful interference with avionics or communications equipment, especially in modern planes with double redundancy and heavy shielding. These rules, just like many others, are rooted in nothing more than tradition and superstition. >I think we may start to see Moore's Law starting to be applied to Solar Cells. It would have to be a kind of inverse Moore's law, given that you can't double beyond 100%. >The truth is that people are not rational actors. Adolescents are even less so. And yet, any remotely intelligent person living in a remotely modern country is completely capable of not getting pregnant or getting someone else pregnant, should they choose not to. Let's not completely absolve people of blame just because they're poor/young/whatever. Everyone is capable of autonomy. Given that they speak of "evil numbers", I think it is reasonable to assume that the Shamans did not understand how the algorithm works. The inventor may have, but it seems likely that the users did not. Or you could just, you know, not buy their products. I don't know if I agree with that adage. I think "Make it right" should come first. It's very easy to assemble perfectly constructed, but not fully functional, pieces of software into a coherent piece. It's comparatively very difficult to "fix" something that already works, both psychologically and practically. Psychological removal is a serious concern. It could be a lot easier to kill someone when you're removed by a few layers of abstraction. Because a robot with an automatic rifle is way scarier than a robot with a semi-automatic rifle. Not only is your comment a really ignorant and tedious shot at Chick-fil-a, but you clearly didn't even read the article. More alarmism. >Fizzy drinks can have a 'serum fructose concentration of six micromolar, enough to do major arterial and pancreatic damage'. You're telling me that if I replace my blood with fizzy drinks, it could do major arterial and pancreatic damage? Wow, who knew? Look at the Blockchain app. For those curious: Yes, there is already a wallet app available on the App Store called "Blockchain". It's a thin client app, which is usually more secure than using Coinbase (which keeps your private keys). It supports sending, receiving, etc. from your phone. The UI is so nice that I prefer using it to all other Bitcoin apps, be they mobile or desktop. Even if the laser is extremely low divergence (maybe NASA is using some huge gas laser or something), atmospheric effects will still cause significant widening of the beam. Not to mention The Economist's fetishes for gun control and government health care monopoly. So according to this thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6640324 Mozilla is going to add a Cisco blob to their distributed browser, and not the actual compiled source. Any clarification on that? See Bitmessage. It has two options. Either senders can spend a significant amount of time (~30 seconds) doing a proof-of-work calculation and send a message to a single person, or they can spend the same amount of time and send a message to an arbitrary number of people, but only if those people are subscribed to the person sending the message. What's missing? I was very skeptical about Bitmessage, but it totally surpassed my expectations when I tried it. That's not at all why grid timing is so precise. Multiple generation systems feed into the same grid. If they're out of phase by even a few milliseconds, that translates to huge power losses. If power generation companies didn't synchronize to high precision, they would lose a lot of power and probably break some equipment. >aping the white male privileged life of the mind Oh look: another racist, sexist, and poorly written complaint piece masquerading as some kind of intelligent discourse. >There's a fine line between prisoner and slave. A lot of well-thought-out political ideologies maintain that there isn't a line at all. You really think it's ethical to entice people into thinking they're committing a crime, just to have an excuse to investigate them? That seems kind of shady to me. The article claimed it was a "Multi-billion dollar industry". I don't think there's any compelling evidence that this is true. >You book guys think you can just push levers on a printing press and write around the Vatican. So naive. >they have more than enough computing power. No, they don't. Not even close. What they do have is enough money to print more ASICs than the Bitcoin community has. If you're worried about the environmental impacts of Bitcoin mining, you may want to consider a priority re-evaluation. I don't think you can get a USB ASIC for $5. They're still in the tens of dollars range. >I would say that the determinism or non-determinism doesn't really matter. It's kind of (very) important for information theory and computability theory. If the universe is deterministic, a sufficiently small physical system can be exactly simulated by a sufficiently powerful Turing machine. There are two wallets available in the app store. Blockchain and Coinjar. I can attest to the security and great UI of Blockchain. I don't know anything about coinjar. According to the article, it ranges from 16x more time-complex to 256x more time-complex, depending on what you're doing with it. Am I missing something? Doesn't any mail client that auto-loads images and stuff have this problem? It simply changes how much people are willing to spend. The question becomes "Does buying this thing now have more utility to me than having several times this thing's value in a few years?" The answer is sometimes "yes". Getting an ARM VM running Raspbian with QEMU on OS X is surprisingly easy. It's not like KVM would help with ARM anyway, so Rasbian+QEMU on OS X is basically the same as on Linux. Current ARM emulators aren't great in the speed department. Fine for low speed requirement command line tools, but they don't do so hot on graphical stuff. I'm one of the two developers. I got the proof server working again so you can play with it. Try proving data and typing in "testing" (lowercase). It will tell you when we put it in the blockchain. This file should also work: http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/filepicker%2FvCleswcKTpuRX... It's a little patchy, but it does work! Payments are fake, and don't do anything! So don't pay! I don't know how much our Bitcoin wallet has left in it. I'll try to remember what we've uploaded so you can try it out. Bitcoin/crypto code here: https://github.com/wyager/hacktx-proveme You can put "comments" (raw text) in the transactions. I have done so. Try piping the blockchain database into the unix util `strings` and you will see some. It is a non-standard transaction, and I don't know if they're still allowed. My friend and I did this as well for a hackathon (HackTX) a few days ago! 162.242.216.46 Try proving data and typing in "testing" (lowercase). It will tell you when we put it in the blockchain. This file should also work: http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/filepicker%2FvCleswcKTpuRX... Here is our bitcoin/crypto stuff. https://github.com/wyager/hacktx-proveme It's not up to my usual quality because we did it in 24 hours with a sleep break! Please don't judge me on this :p The tulip mania is probably a myth. If you consider those things to bestow "intrinsic value" (a fallacious concept), the Bitcoin has "intrinsic value" because it is portable, divisible, fungible, scarce, and has all the other properties we want from a scarcity-based currency while having all the great benefits (and more) of digital fiat money. Only if you don't think USD, JPY, GBP, and all the products and services you can buy with BTC are worth anything either. This is true. Maximum entropy increases with the surface area of a space, not its volume. This is well explained by the holographic principle. Every time I read about obscure C++ features, the more I'm convinced that the language needs to be torn down and rebuilt from scratch. Because we don't have the technology to get rid of shitty jobs yet. We can't make that technology come faster by eliminating incentives to perform shitty jobs. Because taxing high earners will magically make the necessary technology appear. Making open source projects is fun. Flipping burgers and cleaning toilets isn't. And believe it or not, people do pay for open-source programs. It's just not necessarily the end user. When phones with >4GB are ubiquitous, any apps previously developed for 64 bit platforms will be ready to take advantage of increased RAM. I like my phone to fit nicely in my pocket. If I wanted a 5-6 inch screen I would just go for a tablet. Wait a year. No reason not to support multiple currencies, of course. The only ways to get n-key rollover over USB are through dirty hacks (like USB hub emulation) or through non-standard drivers. It is an issue. And now paypal bans you and freezes your account for 8 months because they feel like it. >like that it might be the last thing humans ever need to invent Damn. Putting it like that is powerful. Wow. Truly a beautiful feat of engineering. This leverages capabilities I didn't even know python had. How feasible is it to change the C standard to allow for implicit struct unpacking? So if I have `point foo(void)`, I can do `x, y, z = foo()`. It seems like it would work well with the many ABIs that return small structs in registers. I'm pretty sure we're talking about "violence" in the abstract/legal context here. Or at least, that's how I think about it. I would say that stealing from someone is "violent". >I don't even know how to conceptualize a Kelvin-Byte. I can actually see where this unit would be useful; in determining the probability of bit rot. The more kelvins you have, and the more bytes you have, the more likely you are to flip a bit due to random fluctuations. temperature*storage capacity = Kelvin-Bytes. He explained why he chose those 5. Only those 5 advertised certain features he needed. I would ditch Apple in a heartbeat if I felt that anyone could provide a similar hardware experience. I'm not just talking about CPU/RAM/Graphics card (yes, I know I can get a slightly better deal with non-Apple hardware), but everything else as well. Apple displays are beautiful and completely free of defects, Apple trackpads are incredible, the computers are ridiculously thin (my new ThinkPad is twice as thick as my MBP), the battery life is incredible (my early 2013 MBP gets 5-6 hours, new MBPs get 10-12 hours), etc. The hardware is just great. I don't understand why no one else can make hardware like this. Re. failed laptops: I had to take my last MBP in for repair something like 8 times in 6 months. Totally unacceptable. Most of the time it was for something they botched during the last repair. However, Apple gave me store credit for the purchase price of the laptop and then some, so I'm happy. I do beat the shit out of my laptops, so I'm sure someone who was more gentle would have better luck. Because I often feel impeded by the partially closed nature of OS X and the extremely closed nature of iOS. Still no Nexus 7 2013 (flo) support for Ubuntu :( Bullshit. The "freedom" of the subscriber is not on the line. The subscriber can do as they wish. I can't go into a hotel and claim I have the "freedom" to use my room as a distillery just because I paid for the room. The ISP can also regulate bandwidth as they wish. They're a company, not a public organization (depending on where you live). If you don't like it, choose another ISP. If you can't choose another ISP, work to change the situation so you can. I'd rather get people pissed off enough at the current monopolistic ISP situation to change it rather than keep the situation at just the right place that no one is happy. The telcos don't owe users anything more than is specified in the contract. The telcos are a company; there is no moral reason to force the ISPs to do anything more than they contracted to do. Instead of having everyone continue to be pissed off at the shitty monopolistic telcos, and having the telcos continue to be pissed off because we keep demanding that the government squash the telcos' rights to provide a shitty service, let's work to change the situation so that telcos don't get exclusive rights to public resources like land and spectrum. Yeah, those rich people are inherently so creepy! I don't buy this at all. Upward mobility never existed in the romanticized fashion that people like to talk about. There was never a point in time where billionaires sprang out of the ground like dandelions. The most "mobile" periods in history were when vast stores of untapped wealth were first being tapped. Westward expansion, the gold rush, etc. That's obviously not going to be 100% of the time. Today, I guess the closest thing is the internet. And a lot of people have gone rags-to-riches (or the more realistic not-riches-to-riches) through the internet. Maybe it's less mobility than, say, a hundred years ago, maybe not. But really, that's beside the point. Every single person in the entire world has been "moving up" for the last 300 years. Things are constantly getting better. Even if we completely disregard the social progress that's been made (think abolition of slavery), the rapid progression of technology is constantly raising everyone's standard of living. Luck is probabilistic. Persistence allows one to exponentially reduce the chance of a negative outcome. If you fail, try again. And again. And again. Of all the self-made rich people that I know, their one common trait is persistence. They failed a lot. They didn't let bad luck stop them. This is from a very old version of iOS (2007). We don't know if this is still true. Regardless, I can say for a fact that there are exploits for all cell phone platforms. iOS exploits are by far the hardest to find. An iOS remote execution 0day will easily fetch $250k. I've seen one go for $600k. For an Android remote exec 0day, you're looking at closer to $50k. Even if the NSA doesn't have these on hand, they can certainly purchase them. All cell phone OSs are compromised to some degree. If Apple's claims about their crypto were auditable, I would say that iOS is the best from a security standpoint. I like the idea. I would donate towards a more secure AOSP. Unfortunately, no matter how much you sure up your phone's OS, there is still a massive, gaping hole in the form of the baseband processor. Until we have phones where the baseband is a tightly regulated slave processor, accessible only through a low-privelege mechanism (like a USB port), we can't really hope to have truly secure phones anyway. It's not really a huge secret. I'm sure you could do a little digging and find out what's what. But that said, here's a run-down of the market: There are lone ranger types and small groups that churn out a few exploits. These guys (the small groups) go through trusted middlemen (usually via encrypted email), who buy the exploits at a discount. Now the middleman has a collection of 0days that he can sell to established customers, which might be government or criminal organizations. Sometimes the organizations want exclusive rights to an 0day (to prevent it getting leaked and patched), sometimes they don't. On the other, less sketchy, side of things, there are companies that do more or less the same thing. They do the same kind of vulnerability research, but a lot of the time it's on behalf of the company whose product they're trying to hack, or possibly a government organization. They don't usually go through middlemen; they just work directly with the government or company. They can't and don't do anything obviously illegal, which limits the amount of stuff they can make, but obviously sticking to legal activities has its benefits. Sometimes legality is a little fuzzy, but these groups try to tread lightly. Your predictions got more and more outlandish as the post went on. Directly counteracted by amazing new crypto technologies, a rising standard of living for everyone, better farming and sustenance techniques, a (successful) push for more efficient technology in general, the fact that there actually really isn't much mass extinction going around (not sure what you're referring to here), rapid development in fields like nanomachinery and nanomedicine, and the fact that technological equalization of destructive power could very easily be seen as a good thing. That entire article is a prime example of idiots blowing things out of proportion to generate internet drama. >the loss of a majority of all species by the end of the 21st century. And yet, humans are going to be fine. If worst comes to worst, we can whip up some sweet GM algae that will take care of pretty much every conceivable need we have for other macroorganisms. This is one of the things that made me really see the value of free software. I did verify experimentally that the Eurion constellation alone doesn't trigger photoshop's image rejection algorithm. I think it would be fun to distribute a bunch of images that false-positive the digimarc algorithms, just to mess with people. Because my software should never tell me that I can't do something for non-technical reasons. Assuming I'm a criminal is wrong. If I was a criminal, breaking the law is my decision, and my software should not impede my ability to do so. >And you know maybe that's a problem we should take seriously. Why? I'm not trying to be snarky; I just don't see how this is a big deal at all, or why it's worth trying to "fix" it (if you believe that anything is "broken"). I seem to recall reading that Zynga has in excess of 200,000,000 monthly users. If nothing else, the exposure will be interesting. >That is because iPhone 5S already can do what SnappyCam does in its native Cam app by holding down the shoot button. Wow! I had no idea! That's very cool. I was also very impressed with the 5S's slo-mo capture. It's exceptional quality for 120fps. I don't see how that's the case at all. What I do see is that when banks and government are so convolved as to be indistinguishable, there is necessarily harmful monopolization of markets and finance. Very few UL power adapters are as good as the ones Apple makes. I ran a bunch of my USB charger "cubes" at medium load and looked at their output on my o-scope one time. Most of the UL listed adapters had way more noise than the Apple one, even at just 500mA. There was one other manufacturer's charger that was as good as the Apple charger, but I can't remember off the top of my head who it was... I think it might have been HP or Asus or something. Which GPS units are acceptable for this? I'm working on a HAB and I'm worried about this CoCom bullshit. The one I'm thinking of uses a SiRFstarIII or IV; any idea of those use || instead of the proper &&? So are computers. Should computers be shipped with mandatory GPS units that shut them down when they go into "bad guy" countries? >Watches >$20 will always be jewelry first and functionality second. Bullshit. There are so many useful features that can't be packed into a High-precision resonators, wireless time reception, solar power and/or high quality power cells, sensors (temperature, location, direction, biometrics, etc.), utility features (chronograph, alarm, etc) are not "jewelry" features. They are strictly utile. And, of course, having obvious "computer" capabilities like a relatively high-resolution display and high-bandwidth short-range radio is not aesthetic; it's functional. Everyone and their dildo is munition if you want to go by ITAR standards. "Does this have a conceivable use by anyone? Well then, we'd better prevent those dern moslems from getting their hands on it." >Not nearly as efficiently as your regular heater does though. What do you mean? It's basically 100% efficient. Where else would the energy go? Through the ethernet port? It's a good idea. Myoelectric sensing is currently much more reliable and accurate than camera-based sensing. The algorithms involved are much simpler and more robust. I can actually see myself using something like this, whereas current-gen CV-based equipment really isn't good for anything but novelty. > [Deflation] is like a neutron bomb! What a fair and emotionally unladen assessment of an economic phenomenon. The "wasting energy" argument is idiotic. The amount of energy "wasted" by the Bitcoin network will always be approximately the amount of energy that can be bought with the Bitcoins mined in a given period. If the cost of energy is higher than the value of the Bitcoins the miners earn, miners will stop mining. Some miners don't care about cost (people who get free electricity) but they are not a significant factor. Miners also have to cover the cost of their hardware, so they want to leave a significant margin for profit. The cost of power for the Bitcoin network is very small compared to worldwide power usage. I keep hearing this meme of "inflation is always great, deflation is always bad" with nothing to support it but the same tired "inflation makes you spend money" argument. Inflation encourages spending money but discourages earning it. Deflation encourages earning money but discourages spending it. People need to eat, so in the end these competing interests will always balance out, whether your currency is inflationary or deflationary. No one steals CPU cycles to mine Bitcoin. CPUs are no longer profitable in the wake of Bitcoin ASICs, even with huge botnets. Most of theoretical economics is, at best, approximations that only work sometimes. I don't care if Krugman tells you otherwise; economic theory is, at best, a feeble attempt to find a pattern that matches experimentally observed behaviors. So yes, it is fine to run economic experiments. And the great thing about Bitcoin is that no one is being forced to use it, which I can't say is true for most economic systems. Do you disagree that Bitcoin is no worse than cash for illegal behavior? Stross didn't actually describe or design any of the economic systems he wrote about; he just imagined them from an external perspective and wrote some vague description of what they might accomplish. Indeed, that was some unnecessary ad hominem. However, it shouldn't detract from the blog post's other points, some of which were well-reasoned. As we watch out for fallacies, we need to be careful not to invoke the fallacy fallacy :) No one steals computing resources to mine Bitcoins. Bitcoin ASICs made Bitcoin botnets completely unprofitable. On the other hand, a small number of miners (none of the big mining groups) steal (if you want to call it that) electricity from, say, dorm rooms or apartment buildings. However, I doubt these people contribute even a percent of the network's total hashing power. Either the botnet operators are small-time fools or the article is incorrect. More likely is that the malware used some more CPU-friendly cryptocurrency. Even if you had a million slave computers, you really couldn't make all that much Bitcoin. There are significantly more profitable things to do with CPU time. >Sure, but we have a economy that's extremely reliant on consumer spending, in fact it's about 70% of GDP these days What a meaningless statement in this context. "Consumer spending" refers to private sector spending. This is as opposed to, for example, Government spending, which might also fluctuate with changes in monetary policy. What percentage of the GDP is estimated to come from consumer spending has little bearing on the effect changes in inflation rate might have on the economy. You are trying to oversimplify a vastly complex system. If what you are implying (that there is a causal positive relationship between inflation and production) were true, it would be economically advantageous to adopt zimbabwe-style inflation. >...would be devastating to the national economy Please actually read the article you linked. "Speculative lending practices in western states, a sharp decline in cotton prices, a collapsing land bubble, international specie flows, and restrictive lending policies in Great Britain were all to blame." Deflation was a result of this panic, not the cause of it. > is to ignore a good amount of serious academic research Economics is perhaps second only to psychology in the amount of internal inconsistency it experiences as an allegedly somewhat scientific field. >(which has been conducted over nearly a century) Is this supposed to convince me? Half of contemporary economic theory gets thrown out the window every few decades. >Although the point is contested No shit. Equally legitimate disciplines of economics reach completely different conclusions on the matter, which doesn't say much for the legitimacy of overarching economic theory in general. Just as a very basic overview, here's some of what Wikipedia has to say about it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price/wage_spiral http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stagflation >why central banks do everything they possibly can to avoid [deflation]. Right. It can't possibly be because inflation makes it easier for governments to repay debt obligations and increase their cash flow without overtly increasing taxes.