Wow, the Algol-68 spec really is impenetrable. But... Paper checks don't actually move money around, computers changing numbers in electronic ledgers do. A paper check is just a device to trigger that process. I'm not sure this story makes any sense to me. Feynman reportedly tested at 125 on an IQ test in high school. Which just indicates how completely useless that test was. Yes. If you listen to what everyone is telling you without evaluating it for yourself, you are indeed a fool. Why not? The idea of 30 million piano-playing Chinese isn't important because we need piano players. It's important because the fact that someone can take piano lessons implies a certain level of economic status beyond day-to-day survival. It implies a growing middle and upper class. Those implications lead to the conclusion of much larger markets, which leads to the idea of more wealth creation resulting from people filling those markets. Tsunamis? Climate change is responsible for earthquakes now? Yeah, I loved that one. Does provide some perspective. On the other hand, I kept thinking how thrilled he must be that his game is going to be a huge movie, since he really wanted to be a filmmaker all along. I wonder if you'd get the same effect with powerful used cars that cost much less. I tend to think you would. Read a program that's at least a few hundred lines long in Haskell. Now read it in Lisp. Readability counts! There's an interesting page linked there, wikipedia's internal Newbie Treatment Study. Good to see they're at least considering they might have a problem. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Newbie_treatment_at_C... What's the benefit to me as the user though? It's neat, but does it have any actual effect on anything? This is interesting too- "I really wish I could be more positive about the Kyrgyzstan material, but I swear I pulled every trick out of my sleeve trying to milk something out of that. It was pretty funny though - I told Malcolm what you said about my possibly being too Graybill-like in evaluating the response functions - he laughed and said that's what he thought at first also. The data's tempting but there's too much variation even within stands. I don't think it'd be productive to try and juggle the chronology statistics any more than I already have - they just are what they are (that does sound Graybillian). I think I'll have to look for an option where I can let this little story go as it is. Not having seen the sites I can only speculate, but I'd be optimistic if someone could get back there and spend more time collecting samples, particularly at the upper elevations. Yeah, I doubt I'll be over your way anytime soon. Too bad, I'd like to get together with you and Ed for a beer or two. Probably someday though. Cheers, Gary Gary Funkhouser Lab. of Tree-Ring Research The University of Arizona" http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=12&filena... There really does need to be a full and detailed explanation of all this, immediately. It's in response to the climatologist trying to get him to publish anyway. He was being pressured to make his data fit. Great, so now all we need is to run this in the released data and verify if the graph was produced with the code commented in or out. If there was released data, that is. The point being we only know how the code looks in that file, we don't know when the commented out sections were commented out. So nothing is proven here either way. I await the explanation of this little detail. At what other periods to tree rings not correctly correlate to temperature? How do we know the last 50 years is the only time this has happened? Since we do not know why the temperature has not correctly correlated over the last 50s years, we can't really know when else that has been the case, can we? So why do we rely on tree rings for any period? They are proven to be unreliable over a signifcant period, and we don't know if or how often that's also true of the past. That's the main issue. The user base for it will be relatively small for several years. Hopefully many of the people on IE 6 will leapfrog to a HTML 5 browser in the next few years, that would solve a lot of issues. I like the way it shows that the core site is but a part of the overall strategy. An important part, but just a part. It's also a good reference to use to answer the question "What does the non-tech founder do?" Well, see all those other boxes? Figure out how they apply best to you. My favorite hiring process I've been a part of was with a AI startup. The initial phase was a list of maybe a dozen questions in an email. Fairly open-ended questions about how I perceived aspects of intelligence, ontology, and general philosophical concepts. Then a day at the company talking with the founder and the team, walking through their concept, long two way discussions about it, and a discussion about the direction of AI in general. Didn't get into a lot of coding details, it was assumed if I could participate in the conversation at a sufficient level that I'd be able to work the rest of it out. Which was true. Great process, completely appropriate for that situation. Can you direct me to papers correlating tree ring data to temperature data outside of the 100 year range from the mid 19th to the mid 20th cenutry? You indicate it's obvious, but I'd like to see the actual papers. What do you imagine you would want to be? I'm just waiting for that inevitable 3 AM post in which Arrington reveals all. It's always those very late night posts that are the most interesting. Most of the people I know in their 30s and 40s married with kids are completely desperate for more social opportunities. This is the sort of thing where you can see that Marge and Dave from a couple streets over are going out to dinner Saturday and it's a chance to join in. Given the way physical communities just aren't communities these days, this sort of site is a chance to reverse that. Who do you think is on facebook and twitter anyway? Thanks for this, always good to have real data! The exact same software that would allow for accurate tracking of the 20% that make money would work for the 80% that don't. The fact that they can't properly account for the 80% strongly implies that they can't properly account for the 20%. $3.99 each. Gonna have to lower that price point a little. Too many people with their hands in the till. You know they have considerable income right now, right? "The US rating agency Moody's has warned that Dubai faces a "systemic increase in debt" after borrowing abroad on a huge scale to fund its construction boom, raising the risk of a financing crunch unless richer neighbours in the United Arab Emirates offer support." - Oct 13, 2008. Yes, 2008. Who didn't see it coming? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/globalbusiness/3191538/Du... Very nice. Search is well done, though it's not immediately obvious there are more categories than shown. Explorer didn't seem to really show me things I liked, I think that's going to be really tough with art, as each piece is unique and things that may seem similar evoke quite different reactions. Still, the site has me seriously considering buying something. So there you go. Everyone's look at the sites in that video aren't they? But this does seem like a problem that would already be solved. And yet I don't think it is... It hasn't even actually come to market yet. I love the guy from the Small Business Administration's comments being so stern. Typical. Although there's no indication in what he says that he's talking about the subject of this article at all. The article doesn't say Geithner was hired by Citigroup. It says he was hired to run Treasury by someone who previously worked for Citigroup. If you're going to factcheck, make sure you're checking facts. Some software called Supercollider. Here's the article that links to that page. http://thewire.co.uk/articles/3177/ You're assuming the only value Google gets is the raw data. Does Google seem like the sort of company that stops with raw data? Or do they seem like a company that will squeeze every tiny little bit of information out of that raw data? There's MUCH more value in Twitter's firehose than the literal tweets. Google will extract it. PageRank needs to get a lot smarter. It's possible, though unlikely, that the entire report is deliberate misinformation. The guy runs a visual effects company. So. He's got at least one project being shopped around Hollywood right now. Who knows who it really is. Could be some random kiddies in Des Moines. The good news for Twitter is that I keep wanting to go to Twitter to get the latest news on this hacking. They're my go-to source for breaking news. I'm sure they're worried about a membership drop, but you really would think that the ACM of all people would understand that false scarcity is not a business model for information-based organizations in today's world. Arrington is just a bit of a fighter himself. "To the best of your knowledge" just means you haven't bothered to find out. I stopped reading at the word "bleating". Everything you wrote after that was wasted. Think about that before you post again. Are there really 10s of thousands of scientists doing climate work? What is your source for that? It seems like a high number. Answering my own question, there may in fact be 10s of thousands of "climate scientists", for a very broad definition of climate scientist. http://rabett.blogspot.com/2006/11/how-many-climate-scientis... Interesting to note though, how low the number is for scientists actually working on climate change . I could say nearly anything will be here by 2047. Hmmm. I wonder how they'll deal with policing this for porn. I like the 3 dot one. Better conveys the idea of "for everyone". Cleaner too. It's also where the go-to-prison is when one of the girls is under age. Ask the Girls Gone Wild guy. I've always been puzzled by people who can't see how to make money from Twitter. Imagine there was a global, constant conversation happening in real-time and involving 10s of millions of people. Now imagine you can know exactly what each one of those people is saying. Can people really not see the massive value in that? It's also true that if you're spending $300,000,000 making the movie, it's got to play everywhere. EVERYwhere. It's going to be translated into 50 languages, usually badly. It's going to play in villages where no one reads and no one speaks English and the sound system loses half the words anyway. Simple works. Complex doesn't. As foreign box office has grown to a higher and higher percentage, this has become more and more true. Avatar did over 2/3rd of it's global box office opening weekend outside of the US and Canada (the "domestic" market). Cameron did his job. I'd be seriously impressed by anyone who could actually learn math or physics from wikipedia. Those articles are so poorly written and jargon heavy that I rarely learn anything from them. Happily the computer science articles tend to make at least a little sense. But then I already have a degree in the field. The problem in my experience has always been that management can't just leave well enough alone and make it straight performance based. They have to tie in all these things that they think should lead to good performance, whether they actually do or not. This experiment seems fundamentally flawed to me. If they see things they can't explain in other ways, it could be dark matter.Or it could just be things they can't explain in other ways. I must be missing something. This whole article rests on the idea that reach (number of followers) equals influence. Twitter pretty much proves that wrong right out of the gate, so why is anyone debating it? This says absolutely nothing about whether people with real influence (which isn't the same thing at all as number of connections) affect things. Of course, it's all meaningless if you're just going to let people on your watch lists waltz on to your planes. "Disable aircraft-integrated passenger communications systems and services (phone, internet access services, live television programming, global positioning systems) prior to boarding and during all phases of flight." Because you can't blow up the plane if you don't know where you are. The simple, clear, undeniable fact (not theory of what could happen, but fact) is that in this case, placing extra attention on this person who was on the watch list would have kept him and his bomb off an airplane full of people. It's not too difficult to notice your plane is descending. And you know the length of the flight, within a reasonable tolerance. So timing can't be too hard. This rule makes no sense at all. The part that bothers me is where he says they asked him a lot of detailed questions about his model in such a way that they planned on using the details for their own service. I don't see that as being a good thing in the least. It's my understanding from the Netflix TOS for their API that ratings can't be stored by a third party, for privacy reasons. Perhaps that has changed, or perhaps I read it wrong. I was skimming out of curiosity. I looked into it a little more today via the dev forum on nexflix. A couple of relevant threads- http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/49287 http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/52540 In short, it looks like you can't get full ratings history, though you can get up to 500 of them. And you can't store for more than 24 hours. Though several months ago Netflix said they were looking to change the api so you could get the full history and also to change their TOS so you could be allowed to store it as a third party (with sufficient notification to the user that you were doing so). So it may work out in the not too distant future. Excellent article. The current Zynga model is certainly unsustainable. They've hired Brian Reynolds, which hints at deeper games to come, but what they're doing right now will be ineffective in 6 months. One thing I've been coming to terms with- just because something makes no sense long term doesn't mean that it's not a valuable course to pursue short term. If, and it's a big if, Zynga can reinvent itself in the next 6-9 months, then this initial phase was brilliant in that it gave them the resources they needed to move on to real domination. If they don't reinvent themselves, a few people will have made a lot of money, but nothing permanent will have been built. A real opportunity will have been missed. But they can't keep on the same path, it just won't work a lot longer. Of course, there are "personal interrogations" in US airports today. They're just "random", but they most assuredly exist. A world in which would be bombers instead come from wealthy families and are smart enough to be engineering students, You know, like the last would be bomber. Can we put to rest the myth that it's lack of opportunity and education that creates terrorists? It's blatantly not true. I don't know. This all just seems so unlikely. Far more likely that he misunderstood what he saw. Slideshow from Gears Of War developer, seems to be advocating Haskell as the "next mainstream programming language". Now that I'm impressed with. Order of magnitude, what's a top app make in a month? What's the monthly price of the plan with tmobile? For unlimited voice/data or whatever their closest option is? The problem here is that the mind works by mental tricks. Just because you don't think of them as tricks doesn't mean they aren't. Don't you think it would be better to select the tricks that operate your brain by intention rather than by accident? I have walked into a Best Buy, ready to make a computer purchase on the spot. And then walked out because I could not buy what I wanted without their "optimizations". I simply will not deal with retailers who do this. Step 1 is to get out of the mindset of using the same solution for 20 years. You often don't, and when you do, it almost always costs you more in lost opportunity than it saves. Yes, yes, I know many many legacy systems are out there that are decades old. And every single one of them represents major lost opportunity. Release early, release often isn't just for startups. You know, a lot of banking systems still shut down for nightly "maintenance". I can't imagine Twitter is looking to be acquired. Buy and sell electricity. Gooron! >Google and Microsoft are paying roughly 3¢ for every 1,000 tweets. That's a pittance in the world of online advertising. Completely irrelevant comparison. They aren't selling advertising. Andrew Carnegie would have agreed. I looked at the "computer science" section from the left menu, and the top of the list was The Great Gatsby. That must be for the future financial engineers? Upvoted for sincere willingness to help others (Even if I don't particularly subscribe to the point of view promoted.) But this has always been Zuck's position. He hasn't always focused on saying it in public, but he's always had little patience for people wanting privacy in social networks. There's a bit of irony in the CEO of an advertising company complaining that people overspent their means. A man who profited from promoting consumption thinks there was too much consumption. Downvote me all you want, but the bubble was caused by the desire of the people to consume outstripping their ability to create value. Advertising aims to increase the desire to consume. Which of those statements is false? The general population cares about being able to do what they want to do on their machines. If there's software people really want they they aren't "allowed" to run on their machine by the gatekeepers, they will, as they have countless times in the past, vote with their wallets. >It is patently false to claim that all marketing acts explicitly against the interest of those it advertises to. So it's a good thing no one has claimed that here. I am saying that encouraging consumption does tend to lead to over-consumption. Equilibriums exist in textbooks, but in the real world there's a clear tendency for oscillation in economic markets. If you're pushing one way, yeah, you're a part of the problem when things go over the line in that direction. Advertising is nowhere near neutral in its effects on consumption. Sure, it may have some minor effect that reduces consumption, but taken as a whole that's not what it does at all. Note here this is different from what you're reading into my position. I'm not saying marketing is inherently bad. But I am saying that it does push in a direction, and too far in that direction is bad. One of the better explanations of the Google approach I've read. Google aims to shape the market to their benefit, to create new markets. They think not so much in terms of products as how those products will affect the existing structures. Looking at their eyes, it also seems they're usually watching hands and/or hips. The thing is that blogging in itself encourages more organized thinking about a topic. When you go to write a blog entry, you inevitably find that what was in your head is not nearly as coherent as it needs to be in order to write it down. Writing it down forces you to put your thoughts in more order. Do it enough and your thinking naturally becomes more organized in general. You know, like programming does for you. So blogging in itself does have some value. Tweeting only has the value of forcing you to select what seems most interesting. Which is still of some value. As I'm reading it, they're going to charge 15 cents per megabyte to deliver the app itself to the device. That cost will be deducted from the app price, and the remainder is what will be split 70/30 with developers. They cap over-the-air delivery at 10 meg. Anything over that is downloaded to user's computer, then to kindle via usb. Cumbersome. So you could have up to $1.50 of the app price deducted for delivery fees. Probably not going to settle in on a 99 cent price point... That's simply not the case. The claim got widespread media coverage. Technically, the article is about the politics of the WSJ, and the poster responded with a comment on the author's politics. You can't talk about politics without talking about politics. I think people are dramatically overstating the degree to which the WSJ has increased its political content. There's a slight swing, but I believe people's perceptions are exaggerated because of what they expect from Murdoch. I also think it's rare to talk about economics in a way that's free of political bias. I think most of the time the bias is just subliminal, and people are more likely to notice on WSJ at the moment due to Murdoch. The bigger problem for me with the WSJ is that it seems to include more and more "soft" economic news (lifestyle, human interest, etc) and less "hard" news. I don't have hard data on it, but it feels that way. Could be my own version of Murdoch awareness. I think the current system works fine. People who want to find new stories just have to click the "new" link. Usually 1 upvote is enough for a story less than an hour hold to get a shot. No, it shows that people didn't find any of those stories worthy of upvoting. There's only so much room on the front page. If you featured something new automatically on the front page, then something else falls off. No doubt people would then complain about that. You could make the front page longer, of course, but then I'm sure some set of people would complain about that . I don't think it works like that. From what I've observed, it depends far more on the state of the current front page stories. At night, when most of the stories are older, a single upvote on a New story an hour old can put it on the front page. In the daytime, you usually need that first upvote in 15 minutes or so. But it's not a set time or point scale, it's based on what's currently on the front page, how old those stories are, and how many points they have. The one thing I do agree with is that after a certain timeframe, I do wish even the most popular stories decayed more quickly. Single page link- http://www.slate.com/id/2242081/pagenum/all/ I think Twitter has actually done a poor job of communicating what they are. They got pigeonholed as being about "what I had for lunch" and they haven't totally broken out of that in the mind of the broader public. Their internal documents that leaked to TechCrunch indicated that they have a much clearer and more ambitious vision internally, they really need to get that across to the general public. It feels like there's some internal conflict about their commercialism vs their desire to be hip. That's a hunch, though. Has anyone seen more info on the SDK? Any real info at all? A billion dollars of profit is still a billion dollars of profit. Adjust all ya want. It's a sliding scale of box office gross that goes to the studios. Believe it or not, each film has its own deal, and there isn't really a standard amount. Bigger films can negotiate more for the distributor (studio) and less for the exhibitor (theater). The typical pattern is that the first weekend or two is very heavily slanted towards the distributor (as much as a 85/15 split, though 70/30 is more normal). Then the distributor's share goes down each weekend. The rule of thumb is that over the course of a typical film, the distributor will receive about 55% of box office gross. Foreign deals can differ a fair amount. Each deal is different, and it's hard to say what any one film gets without some insider info. Then there's the cost of the film. There's not been a firm number on Avatar's production costs. High 200s is a good guess, but it's a guess. P&A (prints and advertising) can be a huge cost on something like Avatar, though it had fewer prints than a typical blockbuster. Advertising was certainly substantial, though. I suspect 100 million is actually low. Cameron's share is likely defined to come after some sort of breakeven point, some minimum number the studio beancounters said had to come back to the studio. There's really no standard whatsoever for someone like Cameron though, so who knows. It's also important to remember that a lot of a film's production cost is really just the studio paying itself. Soundstage rental. Grip trucks, costuming, blah blah blah. Money moving from one column to another. Avatar probably didn't qualify for any tax credits, though some films get really amazing deals. Some come close to having half their budgets in transferable tax credits, depending on the state or locale they shoot in. Those tax credits can be sold for cash and can considerably lower the cost to a studio. The traditional hope for an average film has been to break even on box office, profit on the ancillaries - dvd, tv, etc. But with DVD sales dropping, that model will need some adjustment. Avatar, though, is probably pretty close to some definition of profit in theatrical release. And all that billion plus dollars is cash flow. Which is king, as much in Hollywood as it is anywhere else. I thought it might be real until - "Apple tablet games are sick. Basically nintendo wii-level innovation. Custom farmville app is insane. Mark pincus is demoing with steve tmmr" Pretty much zero wow so far. It's a big ipod touch. Yes, so why the attention to the 10 millionth and 1st? It's just more of the same. It's not bad, but it is boring. This event was waaaaaayyyy overhyped. Netbooks cost 50-60% less, so they're pretty safe. Because netbooks are cheaper, have a physical keyboard, and offer much more flexible use cases? Not to mention many, many, many, many more available apps? I wonder how much the decision not to have multitasking was influenced by the desire to have the ipad look fast? What's even better is that in the paragraph immediately before that sentence, he talks about downloading a movie for the kids. That should keep bandwidth usage down. Better yet- even the highest capacity model won't be storing many movies, so it'll be download each time you want to watch them. Point one is misinformed. Netbooks had a great year in 2009, with 2010 expected to be even better. http://news.cnet.com/8301-17938_105-10421063-1.html Just how many ipads does Apples expect to sell? Of course, it's all deficit spending anyway, so no one will have to pay for it! Wait. I don't believe it has GPS, so not so sure about the locational awareness bit. Because people are extrapolating into the future where these sorts of devices dominate the computing landscape. Which isn't at all unreasonable, since that's what Apple is also doing. You know, it's possible that people know what's in their own best interest more than someone else does. If you disagree with me about what's in my best interest, it's far more likely that you're wrong than it is that I'm wrong. Something to think about. Despite what the technocratic classes may think, political "science" and economics are nowhere near medicine in terms of understanding what is best for someone. Economics in particular is terrible at correctly understanding how people place value on their courses of action. Is it really single tab browsing? Ugh. Amazon allows publishers to make their books DRM free now. It's the publisher's choice, so blame them, not Amazon. I love your books, but "rent-seeking intermediaries" is a pretty insulting way to refer to the people that bring your words to me, isn't it? You've written enough economic reality into your work that I know you realize those truck drivers and store clerks are performing necessary work, and the "rent-seeking" is necessary so that those people get paid for their work. And I know you must know this fact too- Ebook prices are going to come down, dramatically. It's going to happen, due to market forces. Publishers are going to have to adapt. There's not going to be a choice. They can lament. They can complain. That's understandable. I would too. It's still going to happen. Whether or not it's fair, or affordable, or even desirable. So what's the plan to deal with that? I've published a work on Kindle DRM free, downloaded it, and copied it to as many devices as I want. Where is the confusion about what DRM-free means? The Kindle book cover would also probably be used for the Amazon thumbnail image, as well as other marketing purposes. Standard template sure, but little things do make a difference, and tweaking is a smart thing to do. There will be room for quality design in e-publishing, just like there is in print. $3000 would be a lot for self- or niche-publishing, but if I were making a mass market attempt, I could see spending that much. It makes a difference. Thanks for the link. I'm sure you and a number of other very smart people are trying to figure out viable paths. I know it's not clear what the right solution looks like, but it is pretty certain that it's going to involve disruption to the current model and discomfort to the current players. f) Amazon believes the consumer will eventually force the prices down and this was their method of bringing public attention to the issue. Thus every author posting on their blog today ultimately helps Amazon. It seems extremely unlikely to me that this action was taken without careful consideration by a number of people at the very top of Amazon's organization. This was not some off the cuff reaction, it had to be carefully planned. Any analysis that assumes it was a silly mistake therefore seems likely to be wildly off base. I remember graduating with my CS degree and having multiple job offers, and my electrical and mechanical engineering friends having the same. And the lone aerospace guy in our circle with no job prospects at all. And he'd probably worked the hardest of all of us. Sad. Why does everyone assume that NASA will turn to the small startup companies? History indicates it's the Lockheeds of the country that NASA will turning to. Robots are not better at exploration, they are just cheaper. Those are different things. If we'd had a human on Mars for the last 5 years, they would have covered many, many, many times as much territory as the robots have, and in far more detail. Yes, it would have been incredibly expensive, but it would have been infinitely better from a science perspective. Which is my point. No. Robots are still very much special purpose, humans are still very much general purpose. Here's a question, and I don't mean this in a snarky way at all. It's a genuine question. With all these smart people, why has the experience of google search not improved substantially over the last 10 years? Sure, there's more little geegaws in search now, but the experience of finding what I want hasn't gotten any easier. The fact that they're #1 just means they're the best of the available options. It doesn't mean the experience is great, just better than what else is out there. Author royalties are usually based on Suggested Retail Price, not the actual retail price. My impression is that Amazon is primarily fighting over the right to set actual retail price, like bookstores all across the country have done for ages. The publishers don't want that to happen because they believe Amazon will set them low enough to affect hardback sales. But actual retail price has no effect on the money most authors make. A discounted book still pays the author a royalty based on full SRP. At least that's how I understand this whole thing. Once in college, I was meeting with my advisor, who was also the department head. He had all my school records, including my test scores. He said something about me qualifying to join Mensa if I wanted, and I said something about not liking Mensa since everyone I'd met who had been in the organization seemed arrogant. It was only later that I realized he must have been in Mensa himself and was recruiting me. Proving I wasn't nearly as smart as my test scores indicated. Would you mind if I followed up with you later on that? I'd like to organize my thoughts on how it could be better for me. I was thinking I could email you at the address in your profile, but when I think about it, it might be more productive to post a Ask HN here once I have a better explanation of what I mean. Then the whole community could participate, which seems like it would be constructive. Good point, and probably symptomatic of a wider problem. Sites with a ton of "good enough" information will outrank sites with a very specific set of "excellent" information. The high ranking of wikipedia and the various answers sites is a similar effect. You know, Macmillan books still aren't available to buy from Amazon. Through Amazon, via third parties, but not actually from Amazon. It's clearly shaped like a cylon basestar. This sort of thing depresses me. The vast majority of people don't understand the SCOTUS decision, or even know what it was really about, or what the basis for the decision was. Furthermore, few seem to understand what the concept of a corporation having some of the legal attributes of a person is about, and how it has almost nothing to do with the SCOTUS decision. And you see the constant misinformation that corporations are legally obligated to follow whatever path leads to the most profit. It's just depressing how little people understand about the society they live in. A constitutional convention would massively disruptive, and would almost certainly lead to things the people who called for it would not want. Here's what puzzles me a bit- if you believe legislation and legislators are up for sale to the highest bidder...then why do believe a constitutional convention would not be the same, with much more serious consequences? I think it's incredibly dangerous to imagine that a con-con would not be the target of truly massive amounts of influence peddling. And you can't limit the scope of a con-con either, so EVERYTHING is up for grabs. Link to a paper on arxiv about the idea. http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.0785 I bet his surname is misspelled more than almost any other celebrity. I see it with the "e" all the time. (My own surname is Ramsey, so it always leaps out at me.) In the end, of course, the consumer will decide. You could probably do a MYST-like. Beyond that, probably not a lot of multimedia. Scrubbed for tonight, so...no. I think he considers it a way to make money. So it's not really 400 projects, it's maybe 20 projects optimized in 20 different ways each. That's a whole different way to look at it. Seemed like a first draft ad to me. Seriously, that was an afternoon of work. It sucks for Google too. The very last thing they want is the commoditization of search. Resisting brand advertising is likely a result of wanting to limit the perception of being a commodity. They'd MUCH rather have the perception that they don't need to compete on brand, that they're technically much better than everyone else. The fact that they're doing lifestyle branding is actually a pretty bad sign. It means they feel Bing represents a real threat. Lucky for Google, Microsoft sucks at advertising. Imagine if they had to compete with someone who was as good at lifestyle branding as Coca-Cola. Bing is definitely faster and more regular on new sites. Seen it time and again. But I don't know if that matters in the end. Certainly not as much as update speed on the major sites, where Google is very good. This will be challenged very quickly, and the White House will have to back down. Bad move all around. I went back and looked, and on my three newest sites, Bing was first by several days. Oddly, Yahoo is my most frequent on those. Not the case with older sites. Maybe it's more random that I would have imagined. When you think about the tiny margins grocery stores survive on (1% is the commonly quoted stat), it's easy to see that they're forced to be well run. Make many mistakes and they're out of business. So they want to duplicate what Facebook does? Great for them, I suppose, but why would I as a user go to it? Any feature they add, FB can add. And FB already has the graph I want. Which assumes people don't move to Facebook email. Migration of my friends to FB email seems far more likely to me than migration of all my social graph to Google Buzz. It would also be trivial for FB to allow response to notifications via external email if they decide to do it. I think people are seriously underestimating the value of Facebook's existing graphs. They've been shaped over a couple of years now to what most people want them to be. The vast majority are not going to leave that behind for a me-too service. How many use those features? So there's an indication of how many will use Buzz. Or will make video ads more practical. Uhm, yay? The cost of leaving facebook is higher than it was for leaving any of those other platforms. People have their social graphs well-established on Facebook now. Not a bad guess at their desired graph, as Buzz provides, but a graph they've shaped themselves over the course of a year or more. Me-too or even evolutionary won't cut it for draining Facebook of its users. It's got to provide signficantly more value immediately upon signing up. So far, it doesn't. That seems like a flaw in Google, to be honest. Surely Facebook.com must be one of the very highest pageranks possible. So it's the preferential treatment Google gives to "news results" that moved this page to the top. But how many people who google "facebook" are looking for anything other than facebook.com? I know that people like us it seems no one would logically go to the site that way, but those of us who watch people use the web know better. So this seems like a case of Google returning results on what it imagines people want rather than what I'm willing to bet the statistics overwhelmingly indicate people want. Interesting. I'll buy that Buzz might create a new niche. Or rather, fill the niche that FriendFeed was aiming at. But that's not the same niche as Twitter, and it's certainly not the same niche as Facebook. Rather than "interests", you might be able to mine common fan pages via FB... I enjoyed this little experiment. See people talking about privacy issues in Buzz threads: https://mail.google.com/mail/?uip=1#buzz/search/privacy This is the sort of thing that was absolutely predictable. Having thought about it some more, Google is in deep and immediate trouble. They need to act swiftly (in days) and decisively to get on top of this before public perception gets out of hand. Simply put, Google can NOT afford to have public opinion turn against their opt-out model. Their whole vision depends on opt-out. But think about what a week or two of stories like this will do. Opt-out will become synonymous with evil. Then how dows Google Book's stance to authors look? How do all their other auto-data collection techniques look? Google depends on opt-out to their very core, down to robots.txt. They can't afford public opinion to turn against that, and it's going to if they don't move fast. I know it was absolutely predictable because c), I predicted it. About 20 minutes into using Buzz. I posted on my Buzz, in fact, that I was waiting to see the resulting mess. So yes, I'm certain that it was. How many commercial fisherman died on the job last year? How many coal miners? Truck drivers? Electricians? The fact that you don't know (neither do I) says a lot about the risks some businesses take in stride. There's a business world outside of offices full of computers, and some of those jobs involve literally deadly risk. And yet those industries still thrive. Except, of course, that people clearly want more. They're literally asking for it. While the requested app isn't something you'd actually make, it's a useful request in that it's a real problem, and people voting it up indicates they want a solution to that problem. The essential trait in a startup founder is the ability to find workable solutions to problems people want solved. This is the public doing their part, now founders have to do theirs. Ha! Go to the page to delete web history and then click the web history faq link. "The page - www.google.com/privacyfaq.html - does not exist. " Too perfect. Just so you know, when you use a pejorative label for those who disagree with you, some of us take you much less seriously. The second video says a real-time system is in development for DARPA. Of course, who knows what that really means. Translation of title - "Babes with curves are hot!!!" Hmmm. That is a headscratcher. The magazines really do depend on the reader information, and Apple really can't share it. If they do, everyone in all the other media will demand it. Fun. Buzz as a product may fail, but they did save Google as a whole from much worse publicity. They took a serious hit as it is, but they did a good job of damage control once they realized it was necessary. Missing the point entirely. Yes, Google worked as it was intended to work. No, how Google is intended to work is not the ideal solution for the problem people are trying to solve when they use Google. It's the wrong solution. That's the point. I am pretty much saying that Google/Search should find what I intend to look for rather than its interpretation of what I type into the search field. Because that's clearly how the general public intends to use Google/Search. The only reason I don't use it that way is that I've learned to adapt to its shortcomings. I'm better than most at finding what I want using Google because I've learned to speak in Googlese, so to speak. How to frame my query in a way that returns what I want. I've adapted to the tool rather than the other way around. Clearly that's a bit much to expect of the masses, who are very often frustrated by Google/Search. I'm not running down the masses here. They want to get things done. We have very basic tools to help them, I'm arguing that our tools should be orders of magnitude more sophisticated. Sure it's hard, and while that response may be satisfying for engineers, that doesn't solve the problem people are trying to solve when they use Google/Search. And honestly, there's just something plain wrong with your algorithm when it returns a news story as a top result for "facebook login". It's a safe bet that is NOT the result 99.999% of the users are looking for when they type that in. And if you're failing your users a very high percentage of the time, the problem simply does not lie with your users. My theory on this is that it's two things- One, every restaurant wants their site to look like every other restaurant site. Which makes a certain kind of sense, even if it's the wrong approach. Two, web developers push this kind of website because it would be hard to justify charging a decent wage for the basic sites that restaurants really need. So they make it all fancy. Bottom line- who here will put anything they care about on Tumblr now? Exactly. It's quite a stretch to call this "actual raw data". It's highly massaged data, always has been, always will be. And there's no guarantee whatsoever that it's massaged in the same way month to month. None at all. Yes, the best thinking yet on the RWW "Facebook login" sort of thing. I've unlinked most of mine. I use a bookmarklet to post most of the things I want to share to google reader, which feeds to buzz. I just have a handful of followers on buzz though, since everyone turned it off in the first few days. So it's not very efficient sharing. But I turned off Twitter feeding into buzz, and into facebook. I use twitter in a pretty bursty way, and the feeds would be annoying on either buzz or fb. And twitter is great for spreading links, but not so good for disucssions on the links. Facebook is ok for discussion of links, but people don't use it that way all that much. Plus I don't friend people I don't know there. And it's hard for things to spread on fb now. Friendfeed was the ideal for me, but it's more or less dead at this point. I suppose the answer is to make a fan or group on facebook and then try to round up followers for it. My goal is to post interesting things and then have a discussion about some of them with interesting people. But the Obama graph shows massive improvement since Bush left office!!!! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1130898 If they pulled off an innovative discovery engine, yes they could. The market is still wide open for that, the technology is still very primitive. But they won't. They'll make a engine-by-committee that tries to satisfy too many parties, and it'll suck. It's what big clumsy companies do. I'm pretty convinced the Prius dashboard changes the way people drive already. Watch a Prius driver, they just drive differently from the rest. His ideas were not particularly well presented, but they had a real value. His point, as I understood it, was to encourage the people in that room (ie the people who actually design the games we all play) to take the responsibility for making this coming world more than just commercialized crap. He starts that section talking about how much opportunity there is in current points systems, and encourages skilled designers to move in that direction and influence the shape of the field. He doesn't express it as clearly as he might, but I believe that was the goal of his talk. This is one of those ideas that seems obvious the second you see it. And wish you'd come up with yourself. Top actors rarely audition, even for top roles. In a case like that, the process more closely resembles an interview. It's really more meeting to discuss the concepts of the role. Ah, the celebration of our lack of a manned space program! Perhaps robots can show up and drink some oil. I'd been considering using AppEngine for small project, but I'm not sure I can rely on it for even that. There were some issues following a 30 minute maintenance last week (which fell during a USA early evening period as it was) that lasted for several hours, and now this. Or maybe 140 characters of code in the language of your choice... Finally something that looks like an actual scientific stance on the topic. This is a huge improvement over the original statement by itself. What's the site? I have a couple of latin grad student friends that would probably enjoy that. Packing to drive from Los Angeles to San Jose tomorrow. Spending the weekend watching friends' movies at Cinequest film festival. Also meeting with a friend in SJ about a facebook app idea we've been kicking around forever. Depends on the task. There are some tasks any number of lesser programmers won't be able to complete. There are conceptual levels to programming that come into play on certain tasks. Huge numbers of programmers that don't understand those concepts won't be able to solve the problems. Hollywood disagrees. I've always thought good DBAs were the rarest thing in the industry. And the most valuable. Tasteless title, considering the death toll.