I use SoftLayer http://www.softlayer.com/ .. I used to use EV1 but since they merged with The Planet they've not been as good. SoftLayer is made up of many of the "old" The Planet guys and offer some amazing stuff like free private LAN between your servers. Of course you're going to start at no less than $150 per month, and I spend almost $1000 a month, but.. this is business and you have to pay to get the goods. People who run their businesses on naff shared hosting are crazy unless they think the odd hour of downtime here or there is acceptable. Of course, shared hosting or a VPS (my personal recommendation if your budget is small) is a good way to start, but once you make revenue, it's time to upgrade :) Depends on your budget, right? But if it's not non-existent, then I'd recommend SoftLayer (just Google for 'softlayer'). They're formed out of the ashes of the old, and great, management team from The Planet (before it kinda went 'eh') and are good value and really progressive (extremely customizable machines, cheap upgrades, virtual private LAN for all users, KVM for most servers, IPMI logins, open API to control your servers, etc). I moved to them from EV1 several months ago and am totally in love. It's amazing for startups because they offer datacenter level options for dedicated hosting money (it's worth it for private LAN alone, I save tons of bandwidth). If you want more general comments, rather than specific vendors, then... unless your site is entirely local/regional, then always host in the US. Always go for something that's not the cheapest, but not the most expensive. Always search WebHostingTalk.com for reviews of the company you consider. Not a bad read, although I wonder what reality some of these writers live in. If we look at startup participation / entrepreneurism amongst, say, people under 30 years of age, is the percentage really that high on a national scale? If even 1% of 18-30 year olds are opting to run startups instead of getting a job, I'd be surprised (although I'd love some numbers!) It's not too difficult. It's what the E-2 visa was designed for.. for people to come to the US and start (or, rather, "invest in" businesses). All you need is to invest about $100,000 into a company, either one of your own creation, or one you're going to take over, and you're in for two years (and then indefinitely if the business continues to make reasonable revenue). There are no quotas on this visa and application times are very quick, whereas the H-1B ties you to an employer (totally useless for your own company), etc. The L-1 visa is another option if you have a company and you want to set up a US office while maintaining the company in your home country, which can be harder to do but is most likely "cheaper". Ah, I just realized this probably won't work for you. I don't now for sure, but Jamaica probably isn't a "treaty" country, which E visas demand applicants have citizenship of. WebmasterWorld.com by a pretty long shot. I even subscribed for a while. It's the only place I know where the more "silent" SEO people actually spill their techniques every now and then. A lot of the other forums tend to be attention seekers who give good tips but they're keeping most of the gold for themselves. There are quite a few Web based ones already. One example: http://snippets.dzone.com/ Of course, a combo between a Web based one AND a desktop app.. that would be reasonably original. Two reasons. 1) The achievements of modern day scientists appear less amazing than they really are. 2) The achievements of scientists of the pass seem more amazing than they really were. There are quite a few candidates for a modern day "Einstein." Stephen Hawking or Michio Kaku, for example. If you mean YC, as in this site, then always. Never done it any other way. If you mean YC, as in actually in the YC program, then sorry ;-) Heh, I'm going the other way.. Safari 3.1 -> FF3b4 and found the same (or the opposite, depending on how you look at it.) Why the switch? Gmail doesn't work in Safari 3.1! ( http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?messageID=6856943 ) At least, not the Gmail I have on Apps For Your Domain, and it won't let me use the fancy, new one I have on regular Gmail sigh I'm not sure comparing with Google Adsense is a good idea, otherwise following your advice I'd need to charge somewhere in the $70 - $160 CPM range on one of my blogs, which ain't ever gunna happen ;-) Anyway, just to be contrary, and because I've had success with it.. if you have a site that's visible in a particular niche, consider selling fixed rate "sponsorships" instead of advertising. I've had very good luck with this on a particular blog that totally FAILED with Adsense (as in The trick to doing sponsorships, I've found, is to both be prominent in a niche, and to have some sponsors already. This sounds like a Catch 22, but you can do freebie deals with friendly people in the industry until you get real sponsors. I didn't do this myself as I wasn't that smart when I started doing this.. and got the first two sponsors over the first 2 years and then all the rest came within a month after those two! When you're a young, unsettled man, you don't necessarily want to "waste" time extending the courtesies that are generally required when you live with women. All that nonsense with toilet seats, over the top levels of cleanliness, not calling people douchebags or bitches for fun, etc. Now, there are quite a few women out there who can operate just like men and would be just as good as a man in the anticipated role, but the odds are significantly lower.. whereas a man would most likely just "fit in." Besides, these guys might have personal reasons. Sexual discrimination is something to eradicate at a societal level, not a personal one. If you simply don't get along with women, you shouldn't be forced to work with them (and vice versa!) This means there shouldn't be sexual discrimination in a general workplace, but in your own home you can discriminate all you like! Exactly what I already did. All of the things I've created that have ended up making me lots of money weren't created out of a need to monetize them. I make things I want or need and then monetize them later when I need to, if they take off. Starting something JUST to make money is a mug's game. Starting a company in a recession is also a good idea because your industry is less likely to be filled with professional BSers and "wave riders" and your natural talents can shine through a lot better with the lack of competition. I won't cook if it takes more than 10 minutes so this will be great for me :) Anyway, my current favorite is.. Ingredients: 1) 1/2 jar of sweet and sour cooking sauce that has vegetables in it (Uncle Ben's!) 2) Packet of microwaveable whole-grain rice (the healthy stuff!) Directions: 1. Microwave the rice for 90 seconds. 2. Put the sauce and vegetables into a bowl and microwave for 90 seconds. 3. Blend the rice into the hot sauce / vegetables. This is what I eat for dinner every day my girlfriend isn't working the evening shift. Takes 3 minutes. This can also be varied by using frozen vegetables which you defrost first with the microwave on Low for 5 - 10 minutes. You can then blend in tomato ketchup, pickle, onions, and all sorts of stuff to just get a rice + lotsa goodies type meal. Good find! It's great looking back to those days when opinions like his were, indeed, mainstream. I was in high school at the time and admitting you used the Internet was not something you did. It was something that would be forever geeky, text based, and for the domain of hackers and scientists only. Things changed rapidly, of course, but I'd say it was more amazing that it DID take off with the general public than the fact we thought it wouldn't. I sold my software startup last year, and while it's the "easy option" to get back into that scene.. I'm thinking I might get into publishing! Can a book be a startup? Hmm... It's not "sexist" to state things that are "generally" true. At least, no more sexist than saying men are "generally" into sports. I'm not into sports, but I would not be offended if a women were to say this since it IS "generally" true. In that case, there must be two levels of discrimination. I have lots of preferences and discriminate between different products, people, and choices all the time. I am very much against institutionalized discrimination, however. Let's say I wouldn't want to personally work with someone who couldn't speak English. That's a personal choice, but I wouldn't want the same person to be discriminated against in terms of politics, job opportunities, and other senses. Perhaps the difference is passive versus active discrimination. The former being someone operating on their preferences (that is, choosing not to live in a black neighbourhood or choosing not to date blondes) versus active discrimation (attacking people of a certain color or gender, implementing discriminatory policies at a workplace, etc.) I think passive discrimination is necessary for the world to work, but active discrimination should be avoided and discouraged. Carr obviously didn't read Free! Why $0.00 Is the Future of Business ( http://www.wired.com/techbiz/it/magazine/16-03/ff_free ) by Chris Anderson, the "Long Tail" guy. All sorts of things are just marketing material to drive awareness and sales of other items nowadays. It's not dumb of Arrington to consider music as a loss leader for artists. Whoever wrote that article could do with some lessons in tact. "The vaunted Latino family is coming to resemble the black family" and "The Latino family is not in such a dire state as the black family." Further on they qualify this with "poor black family" but in the more general quotes above, which "black family" are we talking about? The average one? Is the average "black family" really in a dire state? It probably isn't, but I hadn't heard of it before and it gives me another option to download some of those big ISOs if the other places suck :) (Note: I'm not the poster.) I like the idea, but if it were applied, I bet Scientologists would win the debate against the over emotional "in your face" techniques used by their opponents. For example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxqR5NPhtLI Most predictions of the future tend to be exaggerated, because that's what people like to read and dream about. That does mean, however, that most of today's predictions about the future can also be taken with a pinch of salt, which is a little depressing. I'm not so sure. That's not so much meritocratic as a test of someone's determination or the amount of time they have to waste. True meritocracy in online voting situations would be something like giving more importance to votes from people with higher karma. So, the people who get voted up more, then get more power in voting situations themselves. That way, the site becomes whatever the "top users" want, a true meritocracy. I'm also a fan of giving precedence depending on the "age" of the user. That is, how long they've been a member of the site. This means the site may not evolve as quickly, but it appears that's something people want to avoid anyway. It tends to be the new "influx" of users that comes after popularity that drags a site down, so letting older users have more say could make sense. http://twitter.com/peterc A good argument, but do you think a user's raw intelligence could correlate to the quality of their links and link preferences? I don't. The people who post all the political links to Reddit seem quite intelligent, as do many of the people starting pointless arguments. The ability to troll and incite flame wars might even go UP with intelligence. Perhaps if the puzzles you proposed measured "emotional intelligence" or domain specific knowledge we'd stand a chance, but raw intelligence doesn't prove much. Many of the nicest, most "savvy" people I know are not of high intelligence in an IQ sense, but are still very successful in their fields, and vice versa. Just a guess, but I think domain specific knowledge testing would work best. I know enough grouchy "intelligent" people to go for the raw intelligence option, but if people were tested on their general knowledge of the sector that the site is based on, that's going to result in, hopefully, more informed discussion and links. Indeed, perhaps this is why sites like Reddit and Hacker News were / are such high quality sites at the start of their lives, because only the most informed people knew about them. Once the less informed get involved, it all goes to pot. So testing how "informed" someone is might, effectively, resolve it all.. but I can't help but feel a lot of people would be turned off by such "testing"! Just want to warn you.. I think you'll get flack from quite a few people on the design. I don't care personally, but some people get pretty excited about stuff like this :) Even changing the color might help deflect some of it ;-) Very interesting you've used Arc, by the way. Will you ever release the source? Barely get any pay? $77k, one of the numbers cited, is hardly a pittance. Okay, you can reasonably easily make a lot more by selling yourself on the open market (especially in IT) but if academia and research is what you want to do, $77k is pretty livable in all but the most expensive of locales. It is an easy mistake to believe that tools as simple as Bayesian filters can emulate intelligence. It requires intelligence to determine whether someone else is intelligent or not, not a bunch of rules and filters. As we've seen with spam, any unintelligent system can be circumvented given enough time and ingenuity. Bayesian filters are now but a small part of e-mail analysis. When communities get too big, even if they spoil, it's not a bad thing. It's a good thing because people are encouraged to then start their own communities. Digg -> Reddit -> Hacker News -> .. next thing .. It's this progression that keeps new and interesting sites coming along. If it hadn't happened, we'd all still be using Digg. - Richard Branson - Bear Grylls - Bill Gates (for philanthropy - note that this is coming from a die hard Mac and Linux user) - Carl Sagan - Richard Dawkins (If it was limited to the tech sphere, then Joshua Schachter and Michael Arrington.) This is a really, really big deal.. not to mention a great article on the topic. Solar is going to be one of the most significant technologies in the 4 - 10 year time frame, much like the Internet was in the 1990s. There'll be a boom and a bust, but the diving price of solar is going to revolutionize the world nonetheless. No. You got it. You put it so well (edit: by well I mean 'concisely') too. I wrote a 3000 word essay on this very topic yesterday (though it looks at the background to the problem in more depth), so I couldn't resist linking it here: http://peterc.org/2008/54-how-to-be-content-with-your-life-i... If we all just keep chipping in without competing, everyone benefits. Can't blame them really. It's not worth risking the wrath of the Internet crazies for the sake of doing a single cool tech demo. They made their point already, and they're not going to win an argument against a bunch of zealots. The most powerful, general level scraping stuff I've come across lately has been ScRUBYt : http://scrubyt.org/ .. although I admit I don't have much to do to use it often. It lets you specify which items on an initial / prototype page you want to scrape, and then it builds up a set of rules than then work on future similar instances of that page. Good for scraping eBay, Google, stuff like that. A temporary business visit under visa waiver or one of the B categories does not, as far as I'm aware, allow you to "work" except under certain circumstances. Meetings, sales calls, repairs, market research, and similar activities are not considered "work" and are allowed. It would need to be investigated whether R&D (which, effectively, is what you're doing when working on a YC project) is allowed. RubyCorner is very good, but only covers a certain set of blogs. Sometimes those blogs post non Ruby content, so there's noise. Also, RubyCorner does only cover blogs (not counting the video / photo sidebar) so you don't tend to get latest updates on libraries, and links to things outside of the Rubysphere. You also only get one link per hit, whereas on RubyFlow you can bind together a bunch of related interesting pieces in one go, or provide context. Context is the final part. When posting you can write what you like and provide a little context to the links. This makes it a lot easier for you, as a reader, to know whether something is worth clicking. The problem with sites like Hacker News and Reddit is that you're going entirely on the headline. Sometimes you want more than a headline.. just a single sentence of context or a bunch of related links will do. Hopefully that answers the question! Effectively RubyFlow's style is a cherry-picked, hand-written for context and quality alternative to browsing the social bookmarking sites, like Ruby Reddit : http://ruby.reddit.com/ By the way, if you have any ideas for other niches this sort of site could work well in, I'm all ears. The only two I'm personally interested in doing so far are Rails (separate to Ruby) and Python, but I think there's a wide range of people who might like to make such sites themselves. Dilution. But.. maybe! The wording of this poll is unfair. I don't think they should be banned, because that's censorship, but I don't necessarily "like seeing" Valleywag stories on News.YC. However, that's why I have a mouse, eyes and a brain.. I can "censor" stuff in my head, just like many other humans. Clearly some people here lack that facility, which strikes me as odd. The last thing entrepreneurs need is "more networking." We need more "doing," more education, and more understanding how to bootstrap our ideas rather than rely on things like YC (although YC does a great job, it should be "an option" instead of "the option.") There are already more than enough places for entrepreneurs to network, both online and in the real world. There are not, however, enough people developing exciting new ideas and products. I've already done it. Started from nothing, built a business, then sold it (twice technically, but only "real" money once). I also didn't know much (not to say I'm particularly expert now!) I am convinced, however, that if I listened to a large crowd of well meaning people, things might not have turned out as well as they did. Being a good entrepreneur IMHO rests a LOT on your ability to take risks, do things in a radically different way (often out of ignorance) and to just get stuff done without talking about it. Networking and engaging with a community works well when you're trying to learn something initially (programming language, other technologies, and, yes, even entrepreneurial skills), but isn't much use when it comes to actually breaking through.. indeed, it can be a hinderance if you actually adjust your plans or thinking on what other people are saying, as that could limit your success. Good luck if you are trying to boost morale or just provide a place for entrepreneurs to share stories.. but I'm not so confident that setting up networks for people to actually bounce ideas around is a good idea at all. So many risky / weird startups might not have made it if people paid attention to the "suggestions" other entrepreneurs would have made to their ideas. Of course, the above all applies to you, your idea, and my comments now. So.. you just need to do what you feel from the gut! :) And if you want to do the same-ish thing with similarly little configuration (indeed, less) with any framework (not just Rails) or even with a non-Ruby language, check out SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ It's rather a shame that this very site isn't good enough for the task you're laying out long-term. Quite a few people have been asking the sorts of questions you've pointed out here lately with good results and good connections made. I sense, however, that Hacker News is going to veer away from that discussion / entrepreneur friendly vibe which may make the sort of community you're discussing a useful addition. Do note that this is not the first attempt at this, however it looks. My own system (I say "my" loosely, it's public domain and open source) SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ is already in widespread usage, but its focus is a little different. To be fair, fastcgi wasn't /too/ bad IF you actually had it running well at least once g and that varied incredibly from machine to machine, alas. It did use a similar underlying mechanism to most of these other alternatives, just in a rather messy way. I don't think SwitchPipe will rule anything, but perhaps once it's up on Github (instead of SVN) and I release the next version, more baby steps can be made. I'd love to make it even more simple somehow, and perhaps port it to a much faster base (probably Python). I assume you mean over using mod_rewrite to do proxying direct to backend app servers? If so: - SwitchPipe controls backend app server processes. If an app isn't being used, it doesn't need to be running. - If an app is under heavy demand, I want more instances (up to a limit) to be launched to deal with it. - SwitchPipe deals with all of the port numbers. No port numbers to deal with as a user. Just some minor points, but with big usability gains. I disagree, but only because I believe people would consider candy that's /already opened/ by someone else to be "tainted" in some way. They're spot on this time. A lot of people seem to be misinterpreting the post and are assuming 37signals are promoting sloth, inactivity or doing things more slowly. As a company that releases products and new features on a pretty regular basis, 37signals should not be accused of this. Instead, the post is actually highlighting the problems caused by "urgency." Urgency can be a massive problem because most non-emergency matters of urgency are bred by laziness. This is because people have asked for tasks to be done by a reasonable deadline in the past, but then the job hasn't been done due to laziness. So.. the next time the person asks, they make the job look "urgent" to force it to be done on time. After several cycles of this, almost everything becomes "urgent". Consider the way many people complain about and at corporations. Their anger and demands are way out of line with what happened to them (some bad service, maybe) but most consumers know that most big companies simply won't listen unless you make a disproportionate amount of fuss. This is the sort of urgency that is very harmful to SMALL companies and freelancers. It's those clients and customers who claim every tiny job or feature is URGENT when, in fact, it's not at all. Those clients are the ones that cause stress and the ones that will ultimately give you a heart attack. There is a two way relationship needed with compromise on each side. The clients / users / customers need to be reminded that only emergencies are urgent, but your compromise is that if you promise something then MAKE SURE YOU FULFILL IT! I'm sick of how many supposedly "reliable" people don't live up to their promises.. yet we're supposedly meant to accept this nowadays. Well, I won't, and I'm with 37signals on this one. Ditch urgency, live up to promises, and it'll all go a lot smoother and with less stress. The advice in the post doesn't say they "work less". They say they've worked fewer hours. I wish I could find the study I read last year that found only about 20% of hours spent at work by a typical worker are productive, but I'll have to settle for this: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/31/fashion/31work.html Working fewer hours does not mean you do less work. Indeed, the improvement in efficiency can mean you ultimately produce more. It's like if you drive a car at 100mph everywhere, you'll use more gas per mile than driving at 55mph (indeed, this was why that limit was set). (Update: Heh, just noticed someone else used an automotive metaphor above!) There's been an open source "copy" of Basecamp for quite a while now, but I don't see 37signals going out of business. Turns out companies are quite happy to pay a real company real money for a real service, rather than mess around playing with free alternatives that may or may not deliver. Some great answers on here! Just wanted to give a contrary view though.. I tried becoming more "socially adept" for quite a while, but even though I can put on a pretty lively appearance on the outside, it's just not me. I'm an introvert and I accept that. One of the best bits of advice I've heard recently is to "focus on strengths, not weaknesses." That is, there's no point hammering away improving at things you're bad at, and ending up mediocre at everything, if you can focus on the things you already kick ass at and become world class! Most people who are socially inept tend only to be so with the public or people who are not considered close to them. Take Stanley Kubrick. He got a reputation for being an appallingly bad socializer, yet most of his closest contacts talk about what a friendly and amazing person he was. So.. enough people are socially awkward, or even downright grating, but are or were world class in their field. These people should be an inspiration. Don't hammer away at making yourself a socially popular person if it takes energy away from being kickass.. because if you're kickass, you don't need many social skills. It does. He seems to be implying that small companies (or companies with modest expectations) cannot be considered "startups" when, in fact, that's nearly always what they are. Just on the Ferret side of things, it does have a pretty bad reputation in some circles. Google for "ferret "corrupted index"" .. there are 59 results alone just for that limited query. I don't use Ferret myself (I tried it once; it seemed pretty good) but I'm very well read in the Ruby community (I run Ruby Inside and RubyFlow) and I've seen more than enough people saying bad things about Ferret, how it corrupted their indexes, concurrency issues, and what not, to personally avoid it. Solr and Sphinx seem to get a far better rap. .. I should add that I had a play with your site after reading your article, and it's pretty good. There's a lot of trash out there in this field and you've pulled together a good site. Kudos. Are you uneasy even around your closest contacts, though? (friends, family, etc.) If so, then yes, there's probably something worth working at. In my case, I get on ferociously well with a handful of people, but almost no-one else (at least, not for longer than an hour or two). That's good enough for me, but if ALL social interaction is a problem for you, then best of luck with your journey! :) It's more unfortunate that a few bad apples in the past have made these laws necessary in the first place. Asking someone about their life is hardly a crime, but our governments seem to have no problem making it so. Score another point against a good employer / employee relationship. Seconded. Xfce provides the best of both worlds, although I tend to stick to the normal one for most things. It's quicker and lighter than Gnome, while being clean and simple, and doesn't look like an odd attempt at "Windows XP 2" like KDE. You can guess someone's age within a few years at an interview if you wanted to discriminate, so blocking a mention of age is naive. You could also work it out in most cases from the dates given on the resume (unless it becomes illegal to learn about a candidate's education or work history - which wouldn't surprise me to be honest). You could see what neighborhood someone lives in because that will also be typically included on a resume too. Why would you hire someone who can't even put their street address on their resume? Sure, a street address doesn't have much significance to /most/ hiring decisions, although if you knew a candidate would have a 100 mile commute each day, choosing someone who lived around the corner would make a lot of sense if the job required call-out or easy access to the office. And so it goes. You'll see someone's race at interview. You can probably even figure out if someone's married (presence of a ring). It seems crazy to make it illegal to ask these questions. Instead, it should be law that it's optional for the candidate to ANSWER them. It's a little over a year since Kathy Sierra stopped blogging. Shame. If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 iamelgringo 419 3702 8 ivankirigin 281 2486 8 luccastera 258 2201 8 moog 49 436 8 sant0sk1 35 310 8 9oliYQjP 4 35 8 ertra 3 24 8 davidw 429 3400 7 terpua 302 2212 7 kirubakaran 248 1982 7 nreece 257 1961 7 pchristensen 161 1210 7 thorax 92 667 7 gongfudoi 52 388 7 Once you've done that, you can load it into Excel (or Numbers, or whatever) and play with sorting it, adding formulas, and what not. Only semi-interesting one I found was this: Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 The ones who got their karma very quickly are the interesting ones to check out. If more than a few people with print design experience would say that the leading in his PDF is good, I'll eat my hat. Admittedly, the document is good; the leading is poor. The current situation has occurred because it makes economic sense. Parking attendants and sports store attendants don't require many skills (since they have computers, automated cash registers or other staff to call upon), so they're cheap. Workers in grunt-level jobs will, in the majority of cases (though not all!), do as much work as is necessary to keep their job. It makes economic sense. Some people ARE naturally friendly or gregarious even at minimum wage and we've all bumped into a few friendly McDonald's servers here and there, but people like these are rare in areas where their pay is low and their costs are high. It makes sense, then, that people earning a pittance in New York City - one of the most expensive places on earth - are going to be, on average, surly and not very Mary Poppins-esque in their behavior. If the city of New York or the sports store wants customers to get a better service from their employees (which they generally don't), they need to pay more money and give them incentives. As it is, companies tend to give the employees incentive to be MORE unfriendly, whether by incentives to issue more tickets or with store policies that prevent staff helping customers to their full extent. I guess what you say might be generally true for public facing staff, although I still think friendliness (or fake friendless) can appear when incentivized or required. Examples would be the hotel industry, sales (think prestige car dealerships), and any low-demand hospitality industry generally. This effect is particularly true amongst the self employed who generally want to keep your business. My dentist, for example, is friendly, otherwise he knows I'll go elsewhere. My doctor, however, is not, but he's state-employed so doesn't care whether I stay or not. A 5 or 6 letter domain name isn't necessarily significantly better than a, say, 7 or 8 letter domain name. twitter.com is much better than twtr.com or similar. The trick nowadays, unless you want some unpronounceable nonsense, is to conjoin two words in some way. Let's assume your site's main topic / product / quality is "widgets." You could go with things like: gowidgets, widgetstoday, hotwidgets, redwidgets, widgetman, widgetway, widgetinside, widgetwise.. you'll find a significant amount of domains with this technique that are free to register. It does take a lot of thinking and testing to find something that's good though! You can't just join anything. Seconded. BustAName has proven very useful for me, especially in terms of coming up with word combos. http://sky.fm/ has about 40 genre specific channels with no commercials or DJs. There's an ambient channel (part of di.fm, I think) but also slow piano, classical, trance, and all sorts of things to suit your taste. I think we need to look a step back. Africa can barely produce a Ford or a General Electric! That said, there has been speculation lately that Africa might well be able to leapfrog over a lot of industrial development and jump straight to developing a knowledge economy, but with the cultural and political issues (and "issues" is an understatement) African countries have with (and within) each other, this seems overly positive for the short term. That's the job of branding. Microsoft, Slashdot, Burger King, Coca Cola, TechCrunch, General Motors, Morgan Stanley and Mercedes Benz aren't particularly forgettable (even though Microsoft is about as generic as it gets!) I'm not sure there are significantly more successful single word brands than longer named brands, although it certainly seems to be true online. Tellingly, though, they're now based in London! But, yes, South Africa can provide some counterexamples. You have essentially stated the facts I could use to support my somewhat cynical "tellingly." Africa is not going to be an economic world power until it has the ability to trade within itself to the extent that, say, Europe was 50 years ago. That a successful South African country has chosen to base itself (not just list) in Europe seems like a statement on Africa's commercial climate to me. In any case, I am willing to defer to those more knowledgeable about African economics in this thread :) I thought this post was satire until about 75% of the way down.. That said, his point about installing programs is spot on for people from the Windows world. It makes sense in a UNIX-y way, but it's totally counterintuitive if you've come from Windows. I found it odd the first time, then grew to love it. The quote in his signature is very prescient: "It's easier to invent the future than to predict it." -- Alan Kay Package management is modern UNIX-y. I'm talking about the process where you download a single file that contains an application (a disk image or a tarball, say) then perform a process to install the app (dragging or "./configure && make && install"). These OS X / UNIX techniques compared to Windows' "download an EXECUTABLE that does all the installation for you" is like night and day. My favorite: "Focus on those things you do better than others." After years of doing "okay" at things I don't particularly shine at, I'm coming to realize that the above advice could really yield dividends. Some great answers here, and mine is not going to be an answer to you specifically, but might open some minds nonetheless. I try to invest in "myself." Rather than supporting those producing, innovating, and providing value to the economy, I try to be a producer, innovator, and value provider myself. This attitude works well in your 20s, at least, but might not seem so alluring when closer to retirement. It is not uncommon, however, to see or hear about situations where someone has started a business with a reasonably small amount of money ( Humanity would not be as advanced as it is if people worked in the way you suggest. We wouldn't have landed on the moon, made it to the South Pole and, I suspect, have barely made it out of the cave.. I was talking, like you, about personal decisions. Admittedly I should probably have used "thought" rather than "worked" in my last line, as it perhaps implied working in a corporation limits risk, which isn't true. You said "I'm saying that when you leave the job you hate, you should consider options other than the one least likely to succeed." You are talking about a personal decision. My comment was about why people do not rely entirely on logic for personal decisions (and why they shouldn't), not about the contribution of corporations to society. >Studies of schoolchildren who read in varying alphabets and characters suggest that those who are dyslexic in one language, say Chinese or English, may not be in another, such as Italian. Italian and English use the same alphabet (mostly). Studies into this topic have already shown that the difference in prevalence of dyslexia between Italy and English-speaking countries rests in a lack of phonetic conformity in the English language and a strong phonetic conformity in Italian (that is, letters in Italian have fewer phonetic variants). This post gives a powerful lesson. Try to have a direct experience of being the recipient of the sort of messages you want to send. It's a bit like "thinking like a user" when testing your product (although you should have real testers too!) .. you also need to know how to "think like a journalist" when pitching journalists unless you have a PR guru on retainer to do it for you. In recent years, many of her graduate students have gone to work at Google. However she tries to persuade undergraduates to stay in academia and not rush off to become software engineers at start-up companies. She acknowledges that the allure of Silicon Valley riches can be seductive. “My husband still berates me for not having jumped on the Google bandwagon at the beginning,” she said. Still, she insists she does not regret her decision to stay in academia. “I like the freedom to explore the things I care about,” she said. It worries me how many people do take the easy option of heading off to "chair warmer" jobs at places like Google rather than work in lower-paid, but ultimately more rewarding, academic and research jobs. What's even more odd is how few people when exposed to the commercial world actually return to the academic world. There's a lot of work to be done in the fields of computer science and computer engineering, and a lot of the people who could be making the breakthroughs are instead chasing the dollar. We can't blame them, but instead perhaps we should be looking for ways to ensure the cream of the crop have, at least, an appealing alternative in doing research. Is there anything that Why The Lucky Stiff touches that doesn't turn to gold? He should surely be called the Midas of the Web. It's a cute headline, but the toilet seat is a weird, but common, target for cleanliness comparisons. The Daily Mail have done this before by stating the average kitchen worktop is no cleaner than a toilet seat: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.htm... The fact is, toilet seats are cleaned regularly (at least every few weeks even in the most shoddy of households, I'd hope - but usually at least once a week) whereas keyboards are not. Most people's buttocks don't harbor germs either. It's not as if people defecate on the seat or rub their anus directly on it, whereas sweaty, dirty fingers can infect a keyboard in no time. The toilet seat, therefore, is a weird comparison. At least compare the keyboard to a bath sponge, a washing up cloth, or something similar that's almost certainly going to harbor germs. Interesting statistics. I'm actually surprised how few PhDs there are each year compared to what I'd have estimated. Public transport is, however, very expensive, even in Europe. I can drive the 300 round trip to London and back from my house in England FAR cheaper than the train (£40 of gas versus £50 train ticket - if two of us go, that's £40 of gas versus £100 in tickets - not even counting the cost of getting to a train station). Sure, I could take the coach which would be marginally cheaper than driving (not by much), but it takes 7 hours to get there rather than the 3.5 in the car. Innovation in any niche could, ultimately, propel forward an entire branch of science. Few people used or heard of scientists or innovators who went on to break significant barriers. Let's hope Why is the same :) Thirded. I would also recommend Economics for Dummies. Sure, it's a "For Dummies" book but it actually goes into quite a bit of detail and gives good visual / graph based explanations for things that Sowell covers more verbally. With the title of this I assumed Randy had died. In case anyone else jumps to that conclusion before reading the piece, he hasn't (as of yet). It's a sad story, but ultimately an inspiring one. There's a Diane Sawyer ABC Special from April here: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=265263428002185148 Good advice, but very American-centric. Being overly friendly and outgoing does not fly with a significant percentage of Europeans, I've found, whereas these sorts of things work great in America (probably why I'd rather live there, but well..) For example, rubygems (probably my least favorite ruby software of all time) basically require that you always try to load them, because their design stupidly requires that you know whether a given piece of software is installed via rubygems or some other mechanism. Nearly all libraries nowadays are installed via RubyGems. For most of its life, RubyGems has been the "de facto" way to install libraries, but not the 100% officially-sanctioned route. As such, it's necessary to require RubyGems in first, then the libraries you want to load. This takes all of 10 seconds to learn. The poster has missed the point somewhat when it comes to the use of vendor. "vendor" is used in situations where you have to remain fixed to a certain version of a certain library AND you're not 100% confident that your deployment environment will have that version of the library installed. In this way, it's a better solution than just praying the remote server has a certain library installed or ending up with a script that fails on the library version assertion, as with Perl. Overusing vendor is, however, a lazy way of doing things, and the sloppy programmers this guy has spoken to do not represent the community as a whole. From the comments: To me, this is one of the really big things that defines Perl as a mature language community: Perl people don't do this nonsense. There's no "vendor," and you're looked at like you're out of your mind if you distribute copies of other people's modules with yours instead of declaring versioned dependencies in your Makefile.PL. (Good) Ruby people don't do this nonsense either. RubyGems supports you specifying the gem name and required version (or required minimum version) in a similar, or better, way than Perl. This is an over-rated post telling us about a problem that only exists in the ignorant. It's cut from the same cloth as all the misinformed "Twitter's Dropping Rails!" posts and I'd expect better from the voters on HN. Remember that you cannot get eight billable hours out of an eight hour day. You can (and do) if you go on-site, and you can if you actually work eight hours for a single client in any capacity. You can't bill for doing your office paperwork, promotion, eating lunch and such, but that's not part of an 8 hour "work" day (like your commute isn't part of your work day either). I bill at $800 a day in the Ruby space. It's not that often though, because I'd rather work on my own stuff than other people's! From my experience, this is not on the high side, though perhaps slightly above average. That is very true. However, I would suggest that anyone in that position would not include this necessary legwork within their "eight hours a day." If you have several hours of non billable maintenance to do, it should not be a central part of your work day, which should be entirely billable. Well written narratively but not very potent (or relevant to the HN audience generally). The Cliff Notes version: You need to tell people you're starting a business, believe that it will work out, be prepared unexpected things will happen, and bear in mind there are ups and downs. This is an example of a bad headline for the content. It is not demonstrated how or why ".com" has "allure" in the subtle sense. The only clue the writer gives is that .com was "one of the first domain name extensions available" so it had a "head start." She then moves on to say domain registrars recommended .coms to customers and the runaway effect made .com the most popular TLD. That is only casually interesting only to a newcomer to the Internet, but merely a reminder of common knowledge to established users. It will be interesting to see if this works. del.icio.us is a good demonstration of sharing and storing links with attached context but very few users use this aspect of it. I sense that many users do not have enough time or inclination for such advanced features. I don't do much consultancy (less than a couple days per month), so yeah. I turn down a lot of work for various reasons and am happy with more modest ephemeral gigs that fit into my life rather than doing stuff that makes me unhappy. Haha, not quite, but I've done four hours at that rate before.. though the 6 hour traffic jam I got caught in on the same day didn't quite equalize it out ;-) I know I'll probably be reviewing this book for Ruby Inside anyway, but.. tip for the future: Use better headlines for posts on HN ;-) Just in case you're asking this to get a wider picture / lots of data points, I wrote "Beginning Ruby" published by Apress and was approached by the publisher, we came up with the idea together, and then got started. There was no real proposal at any point. It is now one of the best selling Ruby books (almost 6000 copies to date - but this is an incredibly tiny niche). Why is it that all books have to be 'cookbooks' or 'romantic novels' these days? Why is it that all TV shows have to be 'reality shows' or 'talent competitions' these days? They're not. It's just that's what happens to be taking the #1 and #2 spots in each field and getting most of the mindshare. There's still lots of room down the tail; just less people are talking about it (this is what makes it rich, fertile ground to mine.. 90% of the people are only chasing 10% of the pie!). And, for the most part, they're promoted / sold in very old school ways.. direct sales, calling people up, taking out advertising, etc. Those sorts of concepts not only seem alien to the modern breed of 'startuppers' but even antiquated. Good job, but there appears to be one feed / source that's nothing but uninteresting (mostly because they're personal responses) Twitter-type entries. @Peter starts a lot of them.. I suspect there are quite a few rules / heuristics that could be used to improve the quality of "planet" sites overall. Those in the topic areas I'm interested in tend to pick good sources, but those sources can occasionally be "noisy" and irrelevant to the planet. This leads people to subscribe more to summary blogs (to my advantage in my main niche). It's probably rather beyond what you're hoping to achieve, but with some time and thought, I bet there's a way to build planet sites that have an incredibly high signal to noise ratio rather than the almost equal one they tend to have right now. If that's your goal, then that's okay. Good luck! I should warn, however, that being included in a planet can cause some people to think a little too much about what they post. My personal blog is included in a planet and I'm often wondering whether I'll get kicked out if I post something irrelevant or cause too much noise. Really, I should be able to get that planet to subscribe to a certain /category/ on my blog so I get the choice. Just bringing this up in case it becomes a point later on.. The way it shows the shorter / trimmed variants of what you type is interesting but not, I feel, particularly useful. It has a nice UI though and does seem very fast! It also only does com, net and org, whereas ajaxwhois, for example, does biz, us, info and ca. Two alternatives: http://www.ajaxwhois.com/ http://www.instantdomainsearch.com/ A "sort of" alternative (requires a click but comes up with better results for word mixes): http://www.bustaname.com/ I'd rather like to see one that can also do .co.uk, just being a Brit and all :) I have a few customers who would use such a thing. Amazon doesn't get a lot of recognition for it, but in terms of being iterative, getting small but powerful new features out on a regular basis, etc, they really are industry leaders. This is just another cherry on an already well-fruited cake. Remember that the topic of "people" can be sub-divided. "People" does not mean everyone (acquaintances, business partners, even good friends). It can mean your wife / significant other, your kids, and your family. It can be "about" them and not the "other" people. In a subtle way I guess I've been like you, neglected social aspects and focused on my business to the point where I only have a few firm friends. Life is still not, however, "about" them. Life is about doing what I want to do, but ultimately my wife, my (forthcoming) kid, and to a lesser extent, my parents. The trick in life, I'm finding, is to still have respect for people, try hard, and be able to support yourself while you nurture the things you appreciate most. For me, that'll be my ambitions and my family. Friends will be a bonus. For you, perhaps, it's programming for now, and family later. Go with what feels "nice." If you've designed a business card for yourself, here's a tip: Give the card to your dad! If your dad's anything like mine - over 50 and suffering from the torments of age - he won't be able to read your type without squinting through his glasses. He won't get the subtle reference you made in the graphics. And he definitely won't be able to figure out what your phone number is. Thing is.. many of the people with the money, the power, and the NEED for business cards are those older people with fading eyesight! Do you really think some 20-something upstart needs to see business cards? We've got e-mail, text messaging, and iPhones for that! Business cards are for a wider, more general audience.. so unless you run an avant-garde design agency, design your cards with that general audience in mind. Sites that seem to perform well on SitePoint are those that are old and undeveloped. A lot of search engine marketing specialists are scouring those boards looking for older sites and domains that have some sort of standing on Google. They know they can load them up with new content and quickly reposition them! So.. if you have a site that's been around for several years, isn't making much revenue, and that you don't want to develop, give it a go. Talk about your PageRank, talk about the link backs you have, and talk about the domain's age.. and you could make a pretty serious amount of money compared to your existing revenue. It's worth looking at this even if you couldn't care about typography. ILT (I Love Typography) is one of those rare blogs that picks a topic and writes about it with such passion that even those not interested in the topic feel an urge to subscribe. It's pretty much a picture perfect description of what a niche blog should be like, so if you're into developing blogs, check it out. Disclaimer: I was a very early subscriber, but don't know the guy who runs it. Don't underprice yourself. If half the people you give your prices / figures to don't say "fuck you" then you aren't in the right price bracket. Nah, I'm not tired of it. It's obvious 37signals want to "change the world" in some way, and if you appreciate that, subscribe. If not, don't. What /does/ tire me is that they set up a special "product blog" separate to SvN, but then continue to crosspost almost everything to SvN on a weekly basis anyway.. why bother? If you're using Windows, go fuck yourself. This is what happens when someone who knows what they're doing, rather than a journalist, writes an article ;-) My comment was just that; a comment. What would be worth voting down would be the original /article/ for making such a statement, rather than an observation that the statement was made. I must agree with you, however, that I cannot figure out why my flippant observation got voted up, but this is not the fault of the comment. It's definitely less than 5 hours. The parent poster's post is 5 hours old and it's disappeared for me, but is still visible on yours. I might be totally wrong (and if I am, I apologize!) but I sense you're implying $50k is low because it's what a mere McDonald's manager makes? If so, McDonald's outlet managers might not seem culturally important or as well qualified as historians, architects, and the like, but in terms of raw capitalism, they provide a lot more value and have control over a real cash cow and provider to the economy. This is why their salaries are pretty good compared to the minions below them. $50k/yr is a good salary on almost any part of the planet. It's the median personal salary in the United Kingdom, for instance. I wasn't very clear, but my comment was more trying to highlight that political correctness is the enemy of potent, memorable communication. The article was not suggesting or presenting anything particularly interesting, but seemed to have been modded up because of its potency. Perhaps this is also what happened to my comment! On your topic, however, I agree that it would be sad to see a Slashdot-esque consistency to opinion on here, but I consider it an inevitability. When it takes over, yet another site will become our refuge :) This article is wrong. Admittedly, some problems occur due to its US-focus. In the UK, for example, residents pay property taxes, not just owners, so you pay the same property tax whether you own or rent the property, removing that advantage of renting. The figures for the mortgage versus renting are bogus in any case. The writer has not compared like to like. An apartment with people walking around above you is not the same as a HOUSE. It is therefore no wonder the rent is 2.5 times cheaper than the mortgage.. it's on a property that's subjectively at least 2.5 times worse. Like for like, the mortgage on a similar apartment would be a lot less than $2500 a month. Given increasing population, rents and property prices are unlikely to rise at just 0.4% above inflation over the next 30 years. While the mortgage payment can only go up based on interest rates (and it's not /that/ hard to lock into a fixed rate right now..), the rent will go up in absolute terms. Assuming a 3% rise after inflation, the unlucky renter will be paying $2303 per month at year 30, and very little will have been put into savings for the last 10 years. Worse, they won't have an asset - the homeowner will. Buying a property with a mortgage gives you incredible leverage you'd struggle to obtain with other investments. The bank won't loan you $400,000 to invest in stock, but you can invest in a property this way. Given that rising rents will cause the renter to barely be saving anything by year 20, that the renter will have no property and a less than exciting savings account come year 31, and that the renter has had to put up with all sorts of restrictions that come with rental properties (no modifications, often no pets, no guarantee you can stay there), I think the homeowner is a lot more wise if they plan on staying put for at least a few years. Renting is a nightmare even if it proves to be cheaper in the /short-term/. If you're an automaton that doesn't mind uprooting whenever your landlords say so, perhaps it'll work for you. But for those of us with kids, pets and geographical attachments, owning a home gives us both an asset we're invested in using the bank's money for leverage, and a permanent base that only severe economic conditions can take away from us. Talk about comparing apples to oranges. I could send a few terabytes (or 100 32GB SD cards) from one location to another for about $20 and compare the costs of sending data on the Internet unfavorably to it. Like this, however, such a comparison would make no sense. Switching to your left hand will likely give some temporary relief, but it's not exactly a fix or 'prevention'. You're then just damaging a previously undamaged wrist. It'd be like "solving" global warming by just moving to another identical planet. There was an article in a major media outlet (too tired to look it up now!) within the last six months about that. It was posted on Slashdot too where a big discussion ensued about what a ridiculous comparison it was also. Heh, I clicked to add this to del.icio.us, then noticed I'd already added and tagged it three years ago. It's amazing how much goes around and comes around again without us noticing :) Just because he called out a single guy who was unable to make something scale doesn't mean he was dismissing the entire technology (as, clearly, he hasn't). > there is a legal substance Which is..? Actually I misread your original post. I thought you were referring to a legal drug with the thought-process benefits (but lacking the psychedelic effects) rather than the psychedelic aspects alone. I am familiar with a few legal psychedelics, but it's not something I'm interested in :( Seconded. This is what I did with a company I started three years ago (and sold, at a good profit, last year). The audience was there, and they were used to getting similar services for free. By having a few extra killer features and being more innovative generally, 5% of free users converted to paying subscribers. Sadly this percentage was far too low for it to become a 'big' business and my knowledge of how to grow a company was very poor back then (I used to believe you got the product right, then sold it.. no sirree, that's not how big business really works). Good questions. It was an RSS filtering, reformatting and republishing service, so the audience was mostly geeks and what I call "media geeks".. people who run Web sites who wanted to republish blended feeds on their sidebars, stuff like that. One important unique feature in our case was that NO "Powered by Whatever" nonsense was added into the republished versions people put on their sites. Secondly, we let people blend feeds, rather than just republish a single one (this was very new in 2005!). We also supported filter by query, stuff like that. Oh, and perhaps biggest of all was allowing users to ENTIRELY change the template, free-form. We had predefined templates, but gave the user TOTAL control over the output. I'm not really sure about how those people found the service. There were a few minor writeups on reasonably unpopular blogs at the time, but 100 signups a day were coming in so I didn't care. Unfortunately I focused on the technology instead of the business so never bothered to keep track of it. Radio Lab is absolutely, absolutely amazing. It's the best radio show I've ever heard, and I come from the land of BBC Radio 4.. I'll say what I'd do now, and what I'm about to do on the "next" thing, having gained quite a lot of education and mentoring on the "business" side of things since then. I'd start selling. Day one. Even if the product or service I'm selling still needs to be developed, I'd work out who wants what I'm developing, what they'll pay for it, and how I can sell to them. Once I have the product working in a saleable form (think 37signals "Getting Real" levels of "done" here - not perfectionism at all), I'd switch 80% of energy to selling it. Cash is king. With cash coming in, I can pay other people to do the grunt work as well as work on improving the product. But.. selling is absolutely key. Last time I focused on making a kick ass product, and it worked, but I didn't know who the market was, and all the sales were from luck alone. I didn't sell the product whatsoever. It sold itself, but that's not a good strategy unless you have a mass market product. If you have a niche product, you need to be selling it yourself from day one. I would highly recommend a book called "Ready, Fire, Aim" by Michael Masterson ( http://www.amazon.com/Ready-Fire-Aim-Million-Agora/dp/047018... ). It outlines the whole process of successfully generating a high revenue business from start to finish, and is written by someone who has launched several businesses that have gone on to reach 8 and 9 figure revenues. If any book results in me becoming a multi-millionaire, I'm thinking it'll be Ready, Fire Aim by Michael Masterson. Written by someone with waist-deep experience in multi million dollar revenue businesses and full of crazy amounts of advice. The focus of the book is marketing, although it most certainly crosses over into entrepreneurship a long way. http://www.amazon.com/Ready-Fire-Aim-Million-Agora/dp/047018... The reviews on that Amazon page should show how well it's regarded. The thing about many "clever" marketing books, such as Seth Godin's (which ARE good), is that they don't help you clarify if what you're building is actually WORTH marketing. Ready, Fire, Aim looks at that side a lot more. You need to work out WHAT your product quite is before marketing it. I've used PayPal for several years without significant complaint. However, definitely pay heed to the horror stories; they are often true. PayPal's one of those services that's "excellent till it ain't." I'm glad actually. I've always thought a US-based "States Song Contest" would be really cool. 50 states, do it just like the Eurovision. I'm sure Simon Cowell could rig it up and make millions on the idea. > Things like [..] electronics, etc would seem extremely cheap ($500 for iPod touch or 5 gallons of gas) Almost certainly not, unfortunately. That iPod Touch would be significantly more expensive due to the shipping costs and the massively increased production costs. Anything that contains plastic would be far more expensive (since we'd be looking at a circa $3000 barrel of oil). > but can't they write off fuel purchases as a business expense? Sure, but writing off expenses against profit only gains you the amount you'd have paid in tax on that amount, and not the actual amount itself. Writing off expenses doesn't make it a zero-sum game, it just puts 20-30% back in your pocket. Just for posterity, and so I can look this back up in a year's time, but.. I predict an oil price crash by this time next year. If we're not under $50/barrel by summer 2009, I'd be surprised. I can't cite any great insights here, but I've tended to notice that when everyone jumps on the bandwagon of saying something bad is going to happen, some price is going to rise forever, or the like, the opposite tends to occur within a certain timeframe. It's now happening with property prices (and I remember the bulls just one year ago..) and it'll happen with oil. Same happens with memory prices too. I have a lot of respect for you (at least, I follow you on Twitter, and I don't follow many people!) so keep that in mind reading this..! The pitch has a number of problems. It takes 20 seconds before you mention the problem that your product helps resolve, and then another 12 seconds before you start to define what that problem even is. Show rather than tell. You say it's a painful problem before stating the problem (it's also probably far too early in the pitch for any humorous photos). If it's painful, it will be apparent when you just describe the problem.. if not, you're not describing the problem properly. Second, it takes over two minutes for you to talk specifically about any feature of your product. Describing your product as a "online social workspace that allows companies to better organize and share information by leveraging the connections around them" is Dilbert-esque, and it doesn't tell us anything concrete about what your product does. I really want you to get to Startup and Foo Camps and think you are on to something good, but I really hope that when you do come face to face with investors, your pitch is concise, to the point, and really, really tight. I sense that the lack of these qualities can be the nail in the financing coffin unless your idea is extremely revolutionary. On the plus side, you definitely come across as enthusiastic and knowledgeable in the pitch. Your voice is engaging. Everything is finite. It all depends on /how/ finite things are. Technological advances, increases in efficiency, and the influence of competing technologies (electric, hydrogen, liquid propane gas, and so forth) will all have a role to play. It is typically very hard to accept that these things can have a big effect, but that doesn't mean they won't (nor, of course, that they must, but the odds are better that they will). The price of oil will be as "immaterial" within 50 years as the prices of horses or gas lamps were immaterial in 1940 compared to 1890. Be honest with this potential client. Don't act or sound bitter or jealous at all. Totally accept their decision but just point out that if they need you at all in the future, you're just at the end of the phone. If your competitor is as inferior as you say, those agencies might come back to you for advice on how to "fix" the problem caused by the competitor. Then you can charge more and still look helpful. This happens a lot in other industries and I have personally benefited from it myself. You get to look good, charge more, and providing service to a customer that was previously shafted is easier than one demanding perfection from day one. Why do nearly all of this guy's blog posts end up on the front page of HN? Sure, a couple have been good, but it strikes me as a little "odd" that he seems to be on here all the time. Group voting, or do random people really dig opinionated blog posts that much? Honest question. Oh okay, I didn't know that. I don't mind, I was just curious, thanks for the answer :) Identicons: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identicon MetaFilter ( http://www.metafilter.com/ ) is an amazing demonstration of a cohesive online community that doesn't use images to represent users. MetaFilter users tend to be very familiar with each other (more so than other large online communities I've been in). While I agree images can be good, they certainly don't seem to be essential. IRC is another example. People build up personalities and tie nicknames to them pretty easily without graphics.. and IRC can get very emotional at times. Good point and good question. I'm not entirely sure, but perhaps it's a combination of one feature and one trait. Single threading (as used by MetaFilter) forces / encourages people to take note of nicknames in order to target specific responses, so nicknames become a lot more relevant. Secondly, discussions tend to roll on and on on MetaFilter, whereas it's uncommon for two people to respond back and forth more than once on HN stories. Swastikas aside, I don't personally feel they're a good solution. They can be useful in semi-anonymous situations to determine one person from another (or an impostor posing as someone else), but I don't find them even vaguely recognizable from one another in the most case. They're very easily confusable. This page half loads then Firefox (3 beta) switches to its typical error page, but saying "The page you are trying to view cannot be shown because it uses an invalid or unsupported form of compression." Anyone else seeing that? Wow, pretty amazing. I test myself every year or two, and other than flipping from ENTP to INTP several years ago, it's been INTP ever since. I'm surprised just how many INTPs there are on here considering the supposedly low prevalence. FWIW, my wife is ESFJ, the polar opposite. It actually works out rather well. It's worth seeing what your SO is too, I wonder if that's a pattern. You're not wrong there. Mine's a nurse! The way I see it, hopefully I can use my brains to bring in some cash while we're young, and she can care for me once I go senile in my 50s from stress. Seconded. Dreamhost seem to get quite a bit of flak due to their size, but I have an account with them for "secondary" stuff and it works excellently for that. I'd only use my own dedicated servers for the proper stuff though :) The one that I use to post the current page to del.icio.us with. I've clicked it several thousand times in the past few years. I was about to post the same.. WTF isn't Los Angeles in the intinerary? I prefer it to SF personally. No. I suspect that for many people their car is a sanctuary where they can actually get some peace and quiet twice a day, listen to their own music, and generally get some "me" time. That said, there are still lots of people who would, so go for it! I wondered what had happened to them. iJustine was raving about them about a year (?) ago and then I never saw them get any traction in the areas I hang around (Twitter, etc). It's not quite "software" (you've already been provided with answers covering that) but Ruby on Rails is open source but still makes lots of money for people, whether in writing books, doing consultancy, and the creator of Rails, David Heinemeier Hansson, could (and probably does) make tons of cash from RailsConf, speaking engagements, endorsements, etc. Just because Rails costs nothing doesn't mean a big economy can't surround it.. and if you were the creator of the technology, you get first dibs on making that cash. I've been a "solopreneur" for almost ten years now. It is only in the last few years I have had significant (where I take "significant" to mean an income in the top 10% or so - which isn't a massive amount, but enough to live well). The important thing I've found is to build assets that have the potential to creative passive (or near-passive) income and then run those in parallel to your more experimental ideas. Ideally, you can then sell off some of those assets when you need more time or more cash to put into other ideas. On my part, I started a code snippets repository a few years ago. Only took 24 hours to do the first version, then it got another few days work a year on. It made about $800 a month for a couple of years, then I sold it for $30k. Not giant money but that's just one of many projects. I sold another one for a lot more just several months later. Having savings and a passive income that pays all your bills makes it a lot easier to work on the bigger and more experimental projects! As to the "why".. I as in full-time work for almost a year after leaving school, and it didn't click with me at all. I wanted to run everything. So I became self-employed, and despite earning a pittance for the first few years, it was totally worth it. Besides, none of my friends are technically or academically minded, and I don't know anyone like that who lives nearby, so I'll be dreaming and working on my own for the foreseeable future :) I should point out, however, that when I reach a point where I need other people to launch larger scale projects, I will happily hire them.. online! Just because you're on your own doesn't mean you do everything alone. You always have to rely on other people and companies, whether it's for your hosting, graphic design, printing, or whatever. If you live in the general economy, you're never as "solo" as you think. It is always better to get into a market that has significant consumer interest and fight for market share, than to get into a market that consumers don't care about and fight to convince people to change their minds. You said it.. the plugins / add-ons. Anyway, besides that, Firefox 3 doesn't seem to leak memory like a sieve like Safari.. the main reason I switched back to Firefox again. If I use Safari for a few days, I can guarantee it'll be using 700MB->1GB of system memory and I'll need to quit and relaunch. Firefox 3 tends to hover around 200MB no matter how long I've been running it. That's a big deal, even with 4GB of memory. Firefox 3 works on the Mac. It looks fine, and it's amazing there are people dedicated to whining about the minutiae of a few pixels here and there. Get on with your work people. The clothing is just a facade, what really counts is how you act. As such, going fully suited is the best policy, but feel free to customize it a bit.. a slightly informal tie, a quirky jacket, perhaps. You need to look like you've made an effort. Once you're in and they get a good first impression, then lead with your personality. If you're an interesting person but you don't get the job because you're dressed too formally, you clearly didn't use your personality.. because while first impressions can be made by dress, the impression made ten minutes into an interview should have been driven 99% by the PERSONALITY of the interviewee. Use the suit to get the first impression, use your personality for the rest. He doesn't anymore.. :) There might be an inkling of a point in that piece if Tiger didn't work on PowerPC, but it does. So why not Snow Tiger? The point doesn't stand. If only the penalty for lying on your résumé were as harsh. You first have to get the user to set up a CNAME from their domain to your app's server (in this case, senthil.travelr.com). Then your app needs to keep track of domain names versus users / sites and then serve up the correct information based on the Host: header. I concur. Several years ago I wrote a "clone" of MetaFilter (which was quite popular at the time) called FreeFilter. A bunch of *Filter sites sprung up with only a few actually "sticking." I don't believe any continue to exist now though. I'm only saying this because no-one else will, but how many of us thought "cute chick flying a plane!" then read "barely 11 years old" and almost died of shame? Anyway, still a great project :) I couldn't even have imagined flying a plane now, let alone at 11. I'm bad at coding if that helps. Ars Technica? I totally believe and agree in taking the money, but if Powerset is really bought by Google, they've just become irrelevant and are definitely not the "next big thing" in search. If the founders get a happy ending with the cash though, it's still an excellent deal.. so congratulations! One wonders if there's an "advantage" you could gain from this.. If your site is getting requested by AVG but NOT a valid browser, you can assume someone did a search that you appeared on but they did NOT click on you. This metric could be useful for improving your CTR in regular search results, something totally impossible to measure before. s/Google/Microsoft/ In SEO that's a pretty common problem. In the Ruby community, quite a few of us donated to someone who wanted to work on an open source project for several months. He didn't raise quite as much money as anticipated but enough to spend a few months on a much needed library: http://rubymendicant.wikidot.com/proposal Primarily SoftLayer. Best dedicated provider I've ever used. Used to use EV1Servers / The Planet before but SoftLayer offer so much more. It's the most boring nation too. While it feels a little like a utopia in many ways, its imperfections make it endlessly dull and unbearable for those not from there. I enjoyed the dull predictability of it for a day or two but then couldn't wait to leave. I want to move to the US but it's against US law. I don't see that as "fucked," however, but just a country choosing its own immigration policies. Since 37signals makes an API available for most of its services, it would be theoretically possible for someone to come along and build an alternative IE6 compatible front-end to 37signals' products. I expect, however, no-one will, demonstrating that there is no economic reason to support it. Sure, but then we wouldn't have known about it. PR and marketing are way more important than building a good product nowadays, alas. It's like how implementation trumps ideas. You can have great ideas, but with no implementation, nothing happens. Ditto for building a good product. You can build the world's best product, but if no-one knows about it, it's not getting used. Oh, is that like all those armchair quarterbacks who came up with complete "solutions" for Twitter's problems? I admire your sense of duty, but want to play devil's advocate for a second. Should a slave continue to be enslaved out of a sense of duty to their master? Should a kid brought up in a religious family choose to remain in that faith merely out of a sense of duty? It's curious how patriotism seems to instill a sense of duty in rational minds where even religion can find it tough to stick. I was comparing patriotism to slavery, not the draft per-se. The concept of feeling duty for "one's country" seems very weird when you look at it with some detachment. In a very literal sense, my loyalties end at my family, let alone my town, county, country, planet, or whatever. In any case, modern wars are far less clear. In terms of this specific post, no-one from Vietnam was getting ready to invade or enslave the US or Europe. It could be argued Vietnam was a necessary show of force to demonstrate that the West wouldn't allow the USSR to mark its mark all around the world, but it'd be a tenuous argument at best. Simple. Geeks respect and understand the scientific method. Anything that cannot be observed and tested is considered speculation and not fact. Being an atheist in no mean requires that you remain an atheist forever. Scientists have believed, at many times, in things that we now know are not strictly correct. Once evidence arrives and experiments are performed, scientific consensus changes. Proving that something exists is the first step, before getting an "adequate explanation." The scientific method already proves that gravity exists. It doesn't matter if we don't have an explanation for it, but it exists. The same cannot be said for a god / gods at this stage. If you choose to ignore science and logic in one area of your life, that is your choice and not necessarily a bad thing. It is often necessary psychologically to hide from the truth, but it doesn't make the untrue any more true. Some people find it impossible to accept or not accept all manner of things, but whether or not you accept or do not accept something does not change whether or not that something is true. That's interesting. MacRumors.com is the only blog I manually visit every few days too. Almost everything else is in my RSS reader but for some reason I still visit MacRumors "by hand." I admire and salute this guy. He's one of those that keep our whole geek society interesting. He's a bit like a writer who still uses a manual typewriter rather than a word processor. It's very charming. (On further browsing of his site, he seems an interesting chap. These mid-late 90s style sites chock full of various types of content are far more interesting than most of the vapid personal sites nowadays that have nothing besides blog entries.) Windows 95 is so old that I'd doubt (though I might be wrong!) that its vulnerabilities are being actively exploited anymore. WinNuke ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinNuke ) was the most annoying, and in the late 90s you were guaranteed to be nuked within a few minutes of getting online without a firewall. 37signals are proof of what David is saying. None of their applications are original, and just based on old ideas (except, to a certain extent, HighRise, although that's arguable). It's the implementation that counts, not the idea. E-mail is not reliable enough to be a one-stop medium (as an alternative to voicemail - as highlighted in the post). I love e-mail as a medium, but I never know for certain (or even with just an 80% probability) whether a message I send will get through. Thanks to spam, many bounce / "message undelivered" type messages are never sent back, and mails disappear into the ether. At least the phone / voicemail are reasonably guaranteed. Voicemails stay where they should and phone calls are instantly verifiable. E-mails are not, and you cannot /entirely/ rely on them at any point. E-mail as a conceptual medium is great, but its delivery mechanism sucks for anyone who needs reliable communications with the rest of the world. Indeed. In fact, thanks to this I have discovered that what I was taught as "long division" is not what other people (or, at least, Wikipedia and those in this video) were taught. The method I use still works though, but appears to be more of a dead reckoning system and heavier on the mental arithmetic. I have personally had success with using GoDaddy.com's auction system (but using the "buy it now" variation, rather than bidding). I've scooped up several domain names with high pageranks for under $20 each this way. Takes some research, but it's doable. Before anyone starts taking this guy seriously, consider the impact that drug use could have on your life in terms of the social effects rather than the drug itself. Being arrested for possession (or, worse, dealing) could invalidate you from easy worldwide travel (merely having been arrested - let alone charged - invalidates you from many visa waiver programs), numerous professions, and delay certain opportunities. You have to seriously consider whether you can get away with it, and, if you don't, whether you can handle the consequences. I'm not pro or anti drugs, but I'm very much anti people ruining their future for the sake of some temporary fun. But if you know you can deal with it, enjoy it! No. FeedBurner has a basketful of algorithms to deal with this. In the most significant cases, the readers actually report back to FeedBurner how many subscribers are using that reader. For example, Google Reader. In the user agent string, Google Reader (as well as, I believe, Netvibes, Newsgator, and a few others) says "X subscribers", and that number is then used by FeedBurner. You can check this out yourself if you have access to web stats on a domain that hosts feeds. Check them out. You get to see the same numbers that FeedBurner puts on their charts. With non-Web / non-centralized readers, it gets trickier, but FeedBurner uses IP addresses combined with user agent strings to get an idea of what's a unique reader requesting multiple times or not. Typically this system works well and isn't wildly inaccurate. My point is not necessarily the risk of incarceration or the inconvenience of being arrested, but in being able to accept any risk (and clearly there is one, even if it's small) of what problems it might cause in your life if you were to be arrested or have even a minor offense on your file (and considering how deep those files go and how easily they are shared nowadays, that could be a big issue). For example, the United States consulate suggests to UK travellers that anyone who has ever been arrested, even if no charges were brought, should not travel to the US under visa waiver, and must attend an interview to get a visa. That's a pretty big deal if you didn't know about it (as one person who /was/ on my wedding vacation - and now must stay at home - found out to their dismay). It's unlikely anything relating to some marijuana use will destroy your life or impede you significantly, but even not being able to travel freely between countries /could/ be an impediment, especially if such travel is necessary for your job, etc. This is the least of it, of course. If you want to work with children, particularly in the UK, you also have to declare all of these things. If you want to work in certain industries, you have to declare these things. Things will come out if you go on to become a celebrity or a public figure of some sort. The risks are small, the outcomes not fatal, but still worth considering if you want to maintain a clean record.