Hi Hates. TL;DR: I'm sorry for your situation. Offshoring will fail. Find another job. Here's my experience, some bullet points, followed by my advice: Our bean counters have tried to offload our work overseas. Maybe 5 or 6 times now. It never works. Here are my disjointed observations: #1 The motivation to offshore is to reduce costs. Company grows by cutting costs? Companies grow thru investment. My product is in an emerging market. What moron tries to cut costs during a turf war in a green field? #2 Most projects fail. Offshoring just reduces the cost of failure. #3 Most companies wouldn't send their work down the block (e.g. outsource to another company). Too many problems. Losing a core competency. Accountabilty, transparency, responsiveness, etc. Then how does sending it across an ocean make it all better? #4 Offshoring will roughly triple your work (as a dev). Teach your replacements, manage your replacements, QA/test the crap they create, give up when you've run out of time, and end up doing a last minute rewrite. #5 Want to know what working with offshore people is like? First, take your experiences herding project managers, business analysts, QA, testers, etc. All those "value add" corporate drones. Next, add language barriers, culture mismatch, timezone skew, complete lack of accountability and transparency, zero domain expertise, and very green developers. That's what working with offshore "teams" is like. #6 It's about the people. I'd outsource again if I was working with the best. I once sent a lot of our work to Europe (Belgium, Germany, Spain, France) because we found the best people to do some very specific work. The people we found were rockstars. Offloading specific tasks, plus all of the infrastructure and processes we had in place, was like a force multiplier for my team; it freed us up to work on other stuff. It was awesome. #7 Time to market is more important than cost. I simply cannot imagine a scenario where contracting / outsourcing / offshoring will shorten a project's schedule. (With the exception of #6.) #8 All the methodology stuff is mumbo jumbo. Agile, Scrum, SEI Level 5, ISO 9001, blah, blah, blah. Everyone we've worked with is well versed in all this crap. Doesn't count for squat. There's a difference between saying and doing. I'm sure you've interviewed lots of people. The candidates with resumes sporting all the vogue certifications are always a disappointment. They allegedly passed a test. But we give programming tests and they usually chowder. Tell me what you've done. Not what you know. Methodology is moot if you don't ship a useful, usable product. #9 During the last 5 years, our bean counters have tried to use Indians and Vietnamese. No expense was spared on training, sending people back and forth, etc. The people we got to meet were absolutely wonderful. I can't say enough how proud I am that our overseas peers are working in the field and trying to get ahead in life. Okay, done with the accolades. Pretend for a moment that offshoring to India is workable. In our experience, the turnover is incredible. At one time, the programmers we trained would last maybe 9 months, and then zing, they'd be off to higher paid job. So then you start over again with fresh meat, which is a reset (e.g. the forming, storming, norming, performing cycle). The Vietnamese people were super duper nice, and tried really really hard. But the language barrier proved insurmountable. I think there's probably some cultural stuff at play too, but we never really got past the most basic programming tasks, so I honestly couldn't say. #10 Our product (was once) in a new market. Emerging. And still changing rapidly. All these offshore "bodyshops" want requirements and specifications. Um, yea. Not possible. We're making it up as we go along. The customer doesn't know what they want until they see something. (Typical of an emerging market.) If you've ever written documentation (reqs, use cases, UML, specs, test plans, etc.) you know that it's just as hard and takes just as long as programming. In fact, it harder. Because you're explaining stuff to a green programmer who has no domain expertise. Frankly, at that level of details, it's just quicker and easier to write the code. #11 When (not if) the offshoring fails, you'll be blamed. You didn't try hard enough. Or you sabotaged the project. As though Tinkerbell really will fly, if you'd all just clap loud enough. ### Okay, I think that's my list. Like I said at the top, we've tried this offshoring thing multiple times. I'm absolutely certain it'll continue. Those of us actually doing the work have tried to argue, deflect, stop, etc. We always lose the debate. Now we're just numb and don't say anything. The bean counters are not like you and me. They go nuts when they see 1/5th the labor costs. That's the only number they care about. To them, we're all just interchangeable. They have exactly no idea what we do or how we work. Programming! Geesh! How hard could it be? And for these costs, I can get 5 times the number of programmers! We'll have 5 times more product! I've been around a lot of professions. Programming is a weird thing. We're dismissed and second guessed all the time. What other profession is this poorly regarded? People don't second guess their architects, plumber, doctor, contract manager, mechanic, geologist, etc. (Or maybe they do...) Okay. Rant over. Here's my advice. Find another job. Something that'll make you happy. I'm at a point in my life that I like having a steady job, health insurance, and accrued vacation time. And I'm not busting my ass working 80 hours a week making someone else rich again for a while. So I just smile, keep my head down, and quietly pick up the pieces after each failure. Such a life. If Thomas Friedman told me the sun rises in the East, I'd look to verify. If linking to a columnist, vs a news article, please include their name in the link. David Brooks enthusiastically supported Bush's Folly in Iraq. No mea culpa. For that alone, I won't support his efforts with my (reading) attention. I used to watch his tete a tete with Mark Shields on PBS. I can't imagine anyone being more consistently wrong (and wrong headed) about more things than David Brooks. And that's saying something. The list of always wrong about everything is pretty big: George Will, Charles Krauthammer, both Kristols, Thomas Friedman, Ted Nugent (haha), etc. Neocon concern trolls who aided and abetted the looting and destruction of our country deserve our mocking, not our links. Sorry, I don't read Andrew Sullivan. Supported invasion of Iraq, no mea culpa, wrong about pretty much everything else too. Nice. Support for unrepentant warmongers remains strong in geekdom. Losers. For what's its worth, I didn't read your criticism as a personal attack. More of an exhortation for bingo card guy to achieve his fullest potential. The mistake, as in navel gazing, is thinking that any one cares what you think of another person's life choices. Especially the object of your attention. Bingo card guy seems happy (enough) to me. Perhaps a better approach would have been to initiate a dialog, gently asking him for his input on some of your big sky ideas, subtly encouraging him to raise his aim. In the process, you'd maybe make a friend, and probably learn why he's made the choices he has. I know nothing about bingo card man, but imagine he's the primary care giver for a child or relative. Given a situation like that, I'd say he's a fucking genius for making some side money for comparatively little effort. In summation, chill dude. You spouted off. Wasn't personal. The haters will always be hating. So fuck 'em. How quaint. You're curiously naive, or willfully ignorant, of how the USA's system of political patronage works. Since when is right and wrong a factor in decision making? As for revolving door promotions (e.g. civil server to lobbying and back again), you seem blissfully unaware, or myopic, of the notion "conflict of interest". Before I let you go, tell me: What flavor of candy covered unicorns inhabit your fantasy world? Please. Continue. Huh? I'm pretty sure ad hominem doesn't mean what you think it means. And I'm quite certain that his listing of funders could be easily verified. So unless you have information to the contrary, I'd characterize that list as "fact based" vs "misleading". > Sounds more like the Federalist Society to me... Bingo. You're kidding, right? You asked for feedback, so here it is. Have you worked on any political campaigns? Candidates, issues, activism, anything? I have. Your NationBuilder is not yet a full product. Pitch your product to local campaign managers. That's the fastest way for you to get your course correction. Campaigns do need better tools. So I encourage you to keep at it. (If you're wondering why I just don't tell you what you need, I'm working on a business plan for something very similar. Also, I'd rather you earned the domain knowledge firsthand.) > About the issue of a "true capitalist," yes I am a libertarian at heart. And I do believe that people respond to incentives. Libertarian, maximum personal liberty. If you were a libertarian, you wouldn't care about the cheating. Let the little bastards screw themselves. Libertarian doctrine (such as it is) says nothing about incentives. Getting worked up about the cheating, you assume society (or at least your class room) should be merit-based. Pretty much the opposite of libertarianism. A clever teacher would figure out a way for students to police each other. I've seen it work to great effect. No one grades harder than a peer. Edit: I was being a dick, comment about whining removed. I need to apologise. I just RTFA. I really like your "future" section, the public projects, the peer reviews, the competitions. Exactly right. You are several steps ahead of me. My work dev laptop is bitchin fast, but runs slower than my 3 yr old personal. Because of useless software (cya-ware) installed by corporate IT. Useless anti-virus crap (ever hear of sudo?), ridiculous hard drive encryption, remote monitoring/management stuff. Just working in Eclipse, I often wait every single keystroke. Yes, Eclipse is mostly a pig, and I've disabled/closed everything I could. But I have zero hassles working on my personal laptop, even when I have video (or audio) running too. I've seen Penn & Teller live. Fucking great. Really amazing. I was a huge fan. Even bought their first book. Then they came out as anthropocentric climate change deniers. Plus, their cable show "Bullshit" was little more than Leno's Jaywalking, only meaner. So I had to flip the bozo bit on them. Meaning I've lumped them in with the neocons, creationists, libertarians, homophobes, 9/11 truthers, and other antisocial fruitcakes. Aside: I saw a geek news bit about you withdrawing (removing) your post and the heat you're getting. Dude, I'm so sorry. For future, I have two bits of advice. #1 Don't bury the lead. Like myself, the geek news bit also didn't get the point of your post. #2 Focus on the positive. Meaning that all negatives can be stated as a positive. So, were I to have written your blog post, I would have lead with your "future" section (peer reviews, competitions, contemporary projects), enthused about all the positives, and underplayed (or flat out omitted) the back story, the bullshit plagiarism software, the complicity of the administration (shocker!), the cheating students, etc. I definitely would not have responded directly to any personal criticism, especially not in public. That's always a trap. In conclusion, I think you did the right thing, are on the right track, and got burned by being the internet's chew toy of the moment. Lesson learned, move on. The intent is to make sure you're reading, not to insult. Asking for a silly rider to be removed is probably sufficient proof too. Love it. Both the analysis and "get involved" concluding advice. When money is considered free speech, gross inequity is the same as disenfranchisement of all but the richest. Another word for gross inequity is plutocracy. Bioinformatic workloads, huh? Sounds important. I don't believe you. If it was major number crunching, you'd batch that crap on the fastest servers you could afford. If it's interactive, the computer is waiting on you more than doing work. Just admit it: you're a technophile that likes to fiddle with all the knobs. Fine. Whatever floats your boat. But don't play stupid about the OP's article. HP, Dell, Lenovo, etc. have TERRIBLE marketing communications supported by TERRIBLE product family line ups. The OP's point (hello!) is Apple's simplified product family allows them to achieve better economies of scale then their competitors. Very simple. > An advantage of electronic voting is that the machines can be designed for use by the blind. Could be, but aren't. If you'd ever tried the 'accessibility' features of a touchscreen voting machine, you'd see the UX fail firsthand. (I've worked as a poll inspector.) There were other truly accessible solutions. The VotePad for instance. Low-tech plastic wrapper for existing ballots. Preserving both the secret ballot and public vote count. Alas, the inexpensive VotePad couldn't complete with the well financed crony capitalism juggernaut which brought us HAVA. I like the "vapor" poster. I wish I had thought of "voter verified vapor audit trail" back when I was fighting against these touchscreens. The short answer is all the election administration gear is rushed to market. The HAVA boondoogle created a gold fever land grab mentality. The products are shit. Not just insecure, but just complete garbage. Not to downplay the security concerns, but the poor reliability is a bigger threat. Especially since these systems fail silently and "testing" was a puppet show. The longer answer is that all voting gear I've seen (in the USA) treat security as an afterthought. Gear in use typically get "tamper evident" seals. But they're really lame (e.g. fall off) or the gear can be backdoored. I'm just talking the hardware here. The software situation is totally, scales of magnitude, worse. > it's so obvious that most people want the exact opposite? Ah yes, the fabled "free market". Subsidize sprawl with money looted from urban areas. People move the burbs. Claim it's demand driven. What impresses me is that people increasingly choose urban despite the sprawl tax. > but folks living in suburbs don't stop folks who like density from having it. Yes. They do. That giant sucking sound you hear are the burbs bleeding the urban tax base dry. Further, in my area, the burb leaders cock block anything that smells like it might help the urbans. My city would be sparkling and new if we didn't have to subsidize the standard of living of all the deadbeats in the burbs. Hi Ryan. Yup. Making a generalized statement about a widespread, general phenomenon: Urban centers subsidize everyone else, suburbs are freeloaders. This is really basic, uncontroversial information. Example county level: http://www.thestranger.com/seattle/welfare-state/Content?oid... State level: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0923084.html Same thing happens at the local level. By deadbeats, I mean people too damned selfish to carry their own weight. You think because suburbanites pay some taxes, they're paying their own way? Suburbs would depopulate if we urbanites withheld our largess. > I can name ten(s) of cities in the United States that absolutely die the moment 5-6pm strike, but were couriered money in by suburbanites during the day and would have zero infrastructure otherwise. Citation please. (This should be interesting.) Digging down to the source material, the Strong Towns group does address Government Transfer Payments, explaining that all suburbs are subsidized. But they avoid offending anyone by pointing out that the suburbs were financed by the urban areas. In my experience, suburban dwellers don't like learning that they're parasites. Haha. Oops! How'd that happen...? Citation please. This should be fun. Unibody minor? Please. I'm on my 3rd MBP. I destroyed my 4 yr old model (last before unibody). The latest is model is wicked tough. I also have recent Dell and HP laptops. Pieces of shit. No comparison. substractive vs additive. As far as I know, there's no 3D printing technology nearly as strong as aluminum. Yet. My laptops go EVERYWHERE with me. I really beat the shit of out them. Despite the case and padded backpack. The right side sagged from where my wrist rests, a problem eliminated by the unibody. I put my thumb through the LCD, replaced it, and not being very handy, the case lost its factory fresh fit and finish. I'd appreciate named prefixes for these news/links, eg. "David Brooks: The Wrong Inequality". Thank you for prefixing your post with the pundit's name. > healthcare could be a lot less expensive, but since much of that expense comes from govt involvement Citation please. (In other words, you're wrong. And you know it.) Came here to say this. Thanks. I love Asepsis. Those .DS_store files really bug me. Because I have to show hidden files to see Eclipse's .project and .classpath files, that means I also have to see the zillion .DS_store files. Stupid, stupid file name choices by Eclipse. (Period prefixes are default hidden on Unix, for all you Windows users.) PS- TotalFinder is great too. Big improvement. PPS- Tried TotalTerminal for a while. It's okay. iTerm2 is enough better that I switched. Those are opinions, not citations. I'm surprised you didn't mention "tort reform" too, another one of the debunked talking points. If government is so bad, why does Medicare/Medicaid help more people at less cost than private insurance? I feel like I was just rick rolled. Please prefix the pundit's name to these links. As for this particular pundit, he lost me at "invade Iraq". After claiming the earth is flat, you'd think people would have learned to ignore this asshat. "Me too" reply concurring with your business analysis. Politely, respectfully disagree with recommendation for OpenVista. Of all the tech stacks I've worked with, only InterSystem's Cache (also popular for healthcare IT) is worse. Open government. Being very political and very active, during my personal time, I'm working on tools that I need to be more effective. Sunlight Foundation's stuff is a fair start. There are some other initiatives. The day job is just for healthcare and rent. It's a huge distraction. About the fabled RDF... I've attended some Apple keynotes. My first one, I was expecting to be mesmerized. Alas, Jobs was ok. Nailed the demo, said what he was going to say, nothing more, and then left the stage. A real pro. Grade 'A', but not life changing. I've seen RDF. Ever watch a charismatic evangelic Christian minister in action? A motivational speaker? A politician with the gift on the stump? Reading the early stories of RDF, I have the impression the RDF (charm, seduction) referred to a one-on-one phenomenon. As for public appearances, what distinguished Jobs from his peers is execution. Sorry fellas, but most of us geeks are introverts and shouldn't be giving demos. And sales pukes who make pitches are too often clearly full of crap. Further, most tech pitches that I've seen required why too much suspension of disbelief. Jobs @ Apple always had a clear vision he was selling. I didn't always buy in (too bad for me). But it was never like he was pulling a con. > but boy do they make my ears feel hot after a while I love the sound of over the ear headphones. Also, I get way too hot. (I also swap shoes for sandals, Mr Rogers style, once I get to work. Can't program with hot feet.) I alternate between Sony and Shure SE 215 earbuds when I need to work heads down. The Shure's are really effective. > Very often I had nothing to say, because how do you tell a team of co-workers that everything they're saying is wrong? Yup. I (think I) have four buckets: 1) Awesome! I'm stealing it! 2) Worse than wrong (h/t Murray Gell-Mann) aka not good enough to criticize. 3) Hmmm, worth chewing over. 4) I have absolutely no idea (please talk more). I'm more like Jason F, where I felt I had a moral obligation to fix things, and have had to learn to keep my mouth shut. The most insightful advice I ever got was "Sometimes you just have to let people fail. It's quicker than opposing them." Now I try to save my breathe for people who are worth my time and effort (investment). Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking on Thomas "Flat Earth" Friedman is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Please prefix the pundit neocon's name to these types of submissions. Linking to David "Bobos" Brooks is the political equivalent of linking to goatse. Not to pass judgement, but if Brooks ever manages to tap out anything less than utterly wrong and contemptible, I'm quite certain someone else said it first, only better. Not groking TDD, I literally worked my way thru the book, doing each and every step, just to get the gist of the experience. TDD works fucking great. If you know what you're doing. Alas, that's a big IF. Most of the stuff I do, I'm just figuring shit out. Mostly, like when designing a new library, I work outside-in. I imagine how I'd want to do something, writing the client pseudocodeish stuff first, and then trying to make the implementation support my idealized programming mental model. I end up throwing away A LOT of code. Getting something short and sweet takes a lot of experimentation, most of which are duds. Though my personal approach of outside-in is trivially like TDD, it's not nearly as rigorous. Were I to be as thorough as TDD, I'd be spending all my time writing tests. Which seems pointless, for code I'm like just going to throw away. Anyway. Much respect for the guy who wrote that first TDD book. It's one of the few methodological strategies that works as advertised. Unrepentant war monger. If you really want to get worked up, watch one of his tete a tetes with Mark Shields on PBS (if they're still doing that). I'm surprised Brooks has the brain power to breathe. Anyway. Is it really too much to ask submitters to prefix their links with the celebrity neocons name? Cringely's not a fanboy. He's the quirky camp follower that spins a good yarn. Or a Zelig. Seriously, who does he not know? I love reading his stuff. Crazy ideas. Crazy insights, like that BBC TV connections guy. Always fun. Early PC Mag, Dvorak had a great column. Geeky insight, pretty good BS detector. Now he's just a crank with a libertarian vibe. Haven't read him in years. I actually met him once, early web days. Great guy. Learned he was a serious amateur civil war historian. Liking Dvorak (the guy) as much as I do, I stuck with him for a long time, hoping he'd get back to having fun. Oh well. Test Driven Development by Kent Beck http://www.amazon.com/Test-Driven-Development-Kent-Beck/dp/0... The journalist's job is not listing facts, but extracting a model of the truth from a sample set of observation data. A lie is still a lie. http://ethics.npr.org/ Journalists report. Pundits opine. You're one, or the other. You cannot be both. Or act like one while claiming to be the other. Smells like libertarian BS. Regulations aren't the problem. Young, small companies are the job creators. Not having affordable healthcare is the single biggest inhibitor to startups. Single payer healthcare would be the single largest job creating boost. Lopping the 1/3rd of costs, decapitating the blood sucking "insurance" racket, would make a significant dent in everyone's overhead. Medicare efficient enough for you? Cryptography is exactingly and excruciatingly hard to do at industrial strength. Related: Which is why I'm against any and all forms of electronic voting. I've done a fair share of crypto (as a user of crypto libraries) and I barely understand how it works. There's ZERO hope for the layperson to understand crypto-based voting systems. One of the central tenets of American style voting is a public vote count. Using crypto puts the "public vote count" into the hands of a the high priesthood (a few adepts), which is a really bad idea. Or are you saying that every individual voter needs to understand the inner workings of the system for it to be effective? Um, yea. That's what "public vote count" means. As for the technical competence of our nation's election administrators, have you not been paying attention? I've met many many. Great at elections. Terrible at computers. Completely and utterly reliant on the vendors. Who've manifestly demonstrated their complete inability to code their way out of a wet paper bag, much less be entrusted with the foundations of our democracy. Crypto-based voting systems are not designed to work for real-world elections. They work fine for contrived academic studies. They all rely on one's vote being lost within a herd of votes. So if your ballot is one of a million, and the ballots are simple with a few races/issues, it's easy to have a secure one-way hash with collisions. (The collisions make it impossible to work backwards to infer how each person voted.) Alas, real-world elections in the USA are administered at the precinct level. In my state, that's between 0 and 1000 registered voters. Further, a general election (November) ballot will have dozens of issues and races. So it's more than likely that any single ballot will be utterly unique. So with the voting systems I studied, it's trivial to infer how everyone voted. I could imagine crypto-based voting systems working for certain applications. Like corporate shareholder meetings. Or maybe Australian and British style parliamentary elections. (Don't hold me to the last guess, I only have cursory knowledge of their election systems.) Edit: I discussed these practical issues with one of the grad student authors of a crypto-based voting system. Being completely ignorant of real elections, he had NO IDEA what I was talking about. He denigrated my input; saying our elections should be easily tailored to accommodate crypto. (Good luck with that.) Maybe it's just me, but I'm of the opinion that people setting out to solve a problem should probably make some token effort to first understand the problem. YMMV. Terrific ideas. Can you cite any historical examples of when these strategies have succeeded? I'd hate to think you were just regurgitating neocon warmonger authoritarian dogma. > he's tackling a non-issue here IDK. The barriers to entry for RoR on the Mac are pretty high. I was keenly interested in an open source open government project (Sunlight Foundation). I tried to get it running on my Mac, on my personal time. I had direct expert help (friends who dev using Ruby, Rails, etc.). I understand the tool stack was churning, something about mismatched versions, runtimes, whatever. I gave up after three weeks. I don't care care how "awesome" Rails is. If it doesn't work out of the box, like all the LAMPs distros, devs will find something that does. I hate Spring, Maven, ORM and all the other webby enterprisey Java crap with the passion of a billion burning suns. But the RoR nonsense was a whole 'nother level of insanity. I'd rather take a bat to the face, or use PHP, than try RoR again. (I should add that my bad experience was ~1 year ago. Maybe things have improved. Alas, I've moved on to greener pastures.) +1 Reading your short list triggered a flashback. I struggled with everything you listed, probably more. When I made a run at getting an existing RoR project running on my Mac (~1 year ago), there was no shortage of howtos and advice. The problem was resolving all the contradictory information. As moe points out, the project home page should have the single source of validated truth on how to get RoR running on a Mac. Minimally. That such a source of truth didn't exist led me to conclude that Rails was run by amateurs and to not be taken seriously. > but your link is more of a hit piece than anything NewsMax. I'd sooner watch Fox News or read the gaggle of NYT's neocon pundits. Aragon's "rebuttal" of Lustig is nonsensical. He completely biffs Lustig's position on fruit (vis a vis Atkins Diet). In that lecture, Lustig says fruit is okay, whereas fruit juice isn't, because the fiber in fruit blocks the fructose from being metabolized, while the glucose gets used. Lustig may be right or wrong. But criticisms should be about what he actually said. Since Lustig publishes his research and results, Aragon could step up act like a scientist and either refute or confirm Lustig's data. But sciencificalologeries is hard work, whereas just making shit up is pretty easy. Further, while I'm on board with Lustig's science, and conclusions, and strategy, I've personally adopted a nutrition somewhere between Eat To Live and Dr Terry Wahls "eat 9 cups of fruit and veggies per day". Works great for me. Sorry for the noob question: How does one prevent cheating/hacking with a client-side runtime? Is there a crucial dividing line of functionality between server- and client-side functions? Say perhaps fog of war and client's only get the position updates of visible enemies? If there are best practices / conventional wisdom, pointers (links) would be appreciated. Thanks! Egor, I very much appreciate your efforts. That's a lot of examples, a whole lot work. I'm a complete noob about browser security stuff. So I had to lookup "CSRF". Maybe spell out acronyms or link to their definitions. Cross-site request forgery http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_(... Since I'm working on some public facing websites, and need to learn this stuff, your work is definitely helpful. Thank you. plaintext + gzip is preferable to binary. The early adopters of XML saw their choices as semistructured text vs nice parseable XML. The third choice, creating grammars, was ignored. Grammars for most configuration or data transfer or protocols are trivial. Certainly since ANTLR 2.x. Much more trivial than any equivalent XML-based parse and validation tool stack. FWIW, ASN.1 is worse that XML. Not a defense of XML; all uses of XML are incorrect. For my own work, I use a format descended from VRML that I call ARON (A Righteous Object Notation). It concisely describes groves (trees annotated with key/values) and supports most commonly used datatypes. So it's a bit more concise that JSON or YAML and a lot more strongly typed. Here's an example test file: http://code.google.com/p/aron/source/browse/trunk/test/cronk... I use ARON for all my own projects, as you can see, it's not really polished enough for others (yet). As this example shows, I mostly use it to loft Java object graphs. I haven't reimplemented VRML's prototyping (DEF / USE) functionality in this branch (yet). I added lightweight path expressions to LOX (Lightweight Objects for XML). It's a modern XML object model, that's easy to inspect, with built in support for xpath-like expressions (globbing, really), without all the suckage. http://code.google.com/p/lox/ Here's some example of path expressions. http://code.google.com/p/lox/source/browse/trunk/test/lox/te... Works fantastically. I use LOX for all my own XML work. My ARON project doesn't support path expressions in the same way. ARON's grammar only supports drill down dot notation, like "parent.child.grandchild". And, thus far, I've only used ARON to loft Java object graphs, so I haven't needed an object model with path expressions. I'd love to see a high level, statically typed language with built-in path expression. Groovy's GPath is closest to the mark that I've seen. (I really need to polish these open source side projects. And publicize them.) Thanks! It was a lot of fun and proven very useful. Biggest reason is conciseness (less code), followed by ease of debugging. When using JXPath or Jaxen, you have to use contexts. Pseudo code (from memory): Node n = new Node( "ugh" ); // add some children here JXPathContext c = new JXPathContext( n ); NodeList list = c.eval( "child" ); for( int i = 0; i Whereas LOX does it like this: Element e = new Element( "ugh" ); // Add some children here for( Element e : e.find( "child" )) { ... } I do a lot of ETL work (XML -> SQL). The ability to debug (interactive inspection) speeds development. I'm sure you've tried to debug XPath expressions. Not easy. Happily, all of the LOX's object implement toString() method to render their XML content. And the evaluation of path expressions, while not easy, is feasible. Whereas with JXPath or Jaxen, it's damned near impossible. (I've written a few object adapters for JXPath; getting them right is black magic.) (Love your metaphors/adjectives.) Grammars aren't easy, but not currently no harder than XSD. Further, DSLs are all the rage. Personally, I prefer to use a pro tool like ANTLR to some in language voodoo with Scale (or some such). LALR (lex/yacc) kicked my ass. Just could not understand it. LL(k) (ANTLR 2.x, JavaCC) was a struggle. But I slogged thru it. LL(*) (ANTLR 3.x) is a pleasure to work with. I really enjoy it. For example, the delta between SQL's (idealized) BNF and my SQL ANTLR grammar is very small. ANTLR 4.x, currently in progress, will do left recursion, which I haven't played with yet. I'm not too worried about adoption. My tools make me more productive. If my competitors choose to use rocks for hammering, I'm okay with it. Lastly, I indent with tabs. Old habits die hard. :) Adaptable, not stupid. The ability to filter noise is a huge advantage. But then I'd have to use DOM4j. More seriously, I didn't even think to look at DOM4j again, so didn't know it wrapped JXPath. I had been using XOM for a while, a HUGE improvement over JDOM and DOM4j. Elliot Harold's FAQ and slides explain his improvements. LOX has an even more simple object model, uses JDK 1.5 idioms, and is MUCH easier to interactively debug. (LOX also doesn't recognize namespaces, which keeps it simple.) When it came time to do path expressions, I initially used JXPath and then Jaxen. Both are very hard to debug. After a hard rethink, wanting an API that supports how I like to work, I dropped XPath and came up something a lot more simple, a lot smaller, and closer to how I work. LOX's path expressions have only 1-axis (to use a XPath-ism), parent to child. I've never used any of the other axis, so no big loss. LOX also supports globbing (wildcarding) syntax, which is a huge win over XPath. If by "assault" the OP (Ruslan Kogan) means "angry blog posts" and by "capitalism" he means unbridled corporatism, where Wall St creates bubbles to better gamble their investors monies, where the needs of a burgeoning military / industrial / penal complex peddle human death and misery for profit, where agribusiness monetized the seeds of life, where regulatory capture by cartels is the norm, and where radical laissez faire policies have gutted transparency, accountability, the rule of law, and a fair and impartial court system... Then, yea, the OP has a point. As for Apple, Foxconn, and labor: Apple will continue to adopt modest labor practice improvements because it raises the cost of entry to any would be competitors. In other words, customer driven demands for increased wages and better working conditions will help cement Apple's front runner position. Which I think is quite brilliant, in a Machiavellian sort of way. The thing I notice most about the DrChrono site is they still don't have an answer for getting competitors to share data. No biggie, no one has answered that question yet. Well, actually, we do know the answer: universal healthcare (aka "single payer"), where the players aren't competitors. I designed, implemented, and supported a handful of regional healthcare exchanges. Five exchanges, 80 hospitals, plus misc guarantors, scripts, ambulance services, lab orders & results, etc. So I have some experience. What I learned is this: Every single player thinks our medical records are THEIR records, to use, abuse, and monetize at will. Last time I checked, DrChrono has expanded their product offering (billing, scheduling, etc), which makes them more of a physicians practice management (much needed!). I believe this is a recognition that truly portable medical records is a LONG WAY OFF in the USA. It's a political problem, not a technical problem. (That DrChrono seems to be reality-based pleased me.) Quantity AND quality. Market design is wicked hard. That's the role of governments. Business (court) law, a fair and impartial judiciary, enforcement, currency, etc. I don't mind so much that any particular system is broken. What troubles me is how hard it is to fix. We're all staring at the elephant in the room. But the incumbent vested parties making a buck from a broken system, to the detriment of everyone else, are super effective at blocking reform. Minard's graph is brilliant. On my to do list: a graph that shows the loss of voters casting ballots. I needed a way to show how postal balloting disenfranchises voters (what it gives, it equally takes away). Voting age population -> registered to vote -> voter received ballot -> returned ballot -> elections rcvd ballot -> signature verification -> challenged ballots -> overvotes/undervotes, voter intent, adjudication -> tabulated. Great stuff. Thanks for sharing. It'd be great to apply your algorithm per issue. During Camp Wellstone training (grassroots political organizing), they taught us a tool called a Power Map. The two axis are yes v no and influence. You graph each person voting. Then you draw arrows to show who influences who. It helps to identify where you should focus your lobbying. One point that stood out is that a Power Map is needed to be done for each issue, because many many votes don't come down on partisan lines (eg local and state, ymmv). Just like there's different types of intelligence, beauty, taste, etc. So I'm cool with your definition. In one of the Feynman books, a colleague said something like: With most really smart people, when they explain something to you, you get can it and think to yourself "I could of thought of that, if I was smarter." But with Feynman's work, even after you understood it, you'd think "How in the world did he come up with this?!" Citation please. Do you have examples of tax cuts leading to job creation? I've taken and stayed at crap jobs precisely for the health insurance. When I was consulting, I was self-insured thru my state's insurance of last resort. Expensive, while it was available. The cost of health insurance is an active deterrent to me risking my own startups. Hypocrisy and contradictions from the free market zealots is nothing new. And yet I remain stunned that the same freaks who say they want a flexible work force, ya know, that whole "free market" thang, actively oppose the single biggest enabler to a mobile work force, universal health insurance. > It was called the principle of shareholder value maximization. But that's not what happened. It was just rhetoric for covering executive team compensation maximization. Shareholders have been screwed along with the rest of us (he says while checking his 401k). Wild-eyed socialist that I am, the single biggest, quickest improvement to corporate responsibility and governance would be to increase shareholder rights. Is Medicare a monopoly? They're just the payer. There's still an entire ecosystem of value-add private entities. Clinics, hospitals, specialists, pharmaceuticals, equipment mfg, labs, etc. I understand everyone's reservations about bureaucratic inefficiency. The key is in the incentives. Single payer enables the capitation model of service, where people are rewarded for staying healthy. Versus the current model where everyone profits from disease. That's why single payer is (generally) cheaper per capita with better results. I'm ignorant of hedge funds, so can't comment. I have read many laments from institutional investors about being screwed; they're the shareholders I'm thinking of (eg my county's investment manager, the team managing my 401k). I'm aware of the "low information voter" problem. And yet I'm a pollyanna. I believe (as a matter of faith) that high quality information leads to high quality decisions. Given the choice between corporate rule (oligarchy) and mob rule, I guess I'd side with the mob. Fructose (et al) consumption is the result of distorted farm policy. Removes the subsidies, nutritional value of food supply will (hopefully) return to "normal", public health will improve. Stil, it's a pretty good question. Doctors generally don't push nutrition. I think that's changing as the best available science continues to improve and be more broadly accepted. I personally evangelize the "cave man diet", probably to the point of annoyance. But the real driver is coming from public awareness and social change. There are now serious efforts to limit, tax, regulate, remove sugars from a public policy standpoint. Examples are taxes on candy, removing vending machines from public schools, etc. Capitation, by focusing a wellness and efficiency, would accelerate that trend. Since we're comparing anecdotes, friend #1 went to Thailand for eye surgery ($5k vs a gajillion dollars), friend #2 went to India for Lasik (sic?). Yes, like all other systems, universal health care has problems. Canada definitely has a shortage of specialists in rural areas. So what? The USA has plenty of shortages. If you desire "honesty" in a policy debate, I encourage you to start with the widely published, thoroughly vetted, and oft cited comparative studies. If you're feeling very daring indeed, and want to learn something, you could start with google. http://www.google.com/search?q=health+care+costs+per+capita http://www.google.com/search?q=life+expectancy+by+country TL;DR: Canadians spend 1/2 per person and live 2 years longer. I was the IT guy for an electrical contractor. I observed the benefit of having set roles. You need fiber spliced? Call the union hall and ask for that skill and they'll send you a worker that absolutely will be able to do that specific task. The benefit of outsourcing the vetting, training, and qualifications to the union hall was huge. (And better than any temp agency I've ever seen or heard about.) In other professions, I have no doubt that silly shop floors rules (need an elevator operator to work the elevator) are terrible. I've heard the stories, many by union members that disagree. My guess is those silly rules start as buyoffs / payola (quid pro quo during some negotation years ago) and became institutionalized. You may not have been present during XML's ascendency. Naggum's rhetorical voice was a totally appropriate response. Being shouted down by the XML goon squad got real old real fast. With tech gear, I think it comes down to finding cheap parts. I once salvaged two Xerox Star dedicated wordprocessors creating one working unit. They were ancient when I fixed it. Had never seen one before or since. But this person was still doing contract wordprocessing with it (which is so boss). Counter example... I dropped a coffee mug onto my Powerbook G4, breaking the motherboard (thru the 'O' key). I kept that brick for a long time, waiting for logic boards to come down in price. At no point was the repair cost lower than the replace (with the latest greatest) cost. In order for this to have worked, I'd have to horde broken and dead Powerbooks. FWIW, re Apple products, I've repaired my iPod (HDD), iPhone (battery), and laptops (screens, touchpad, DVD). In general Apple products aren't designed to be repaired. Not like a corporate issue Dell or HP. I haven't cracked open my unibody model yet, so don't know if that's improved. But the tear downs of iPad show that it'd be trivial to repair. Another facet to consumption culture is the cost of ownership. After a tipping point, your stuff owns you. Having stuff and clutter makes me feel anxious. I've been unloading everything that's not essential. eg, I only used my microwave to heat water for tea. And it was pain in the ass to clean within and around. So it went to the curb, snatched up within minutes. Envy! I'd love to have my mom's old Singer. I've shopped around a bit, the new stuff is complicated and breakable. I'd love someone to make a tank of a laser printer. Like just clone an HP LaserJet 6 (the pinnacle). Make the internals open source, the paper trays modular, and boom. Most printers are sold on price. But I think a small niche player selling durable printers with low consumable costs could do well. Very similar to my concerns for running non-free software inside our democracies. Idea #22 is a web version (realization) of Lotus Improv. He's old enough that he should know better. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Improv I've been waiting ages for this. Desktop, web-based, tablets, however. Old timers may recall that Lotus Symphony had both database and spreadsheet features, like a multi-app. It was cool. At the time, Lotus Improv seemed like a healthy fusion, next logical step, minimum viable product. Improv was victim of the Innovators Dilemma plus installed base inertia. I remain impressed that even with their market dominance, Lotus was experimenting, releasing crazy new products, and willing to eat their own children. (Though I can't forgive Lotus Notes, sorry.) PG's original blurb ( http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html ): "22. A web-based Excel/database hybrid. People often use Excel as a lightweight database. I suspect there's an opportunity to create the program such users wish existed, and that there are new things you could do if it were web-based. Like make it easier to get data into it, through forms or scraping. Don't make it feel like a database. That frightens people. The question to ask is: how much can I let people do without defining structure? You want the database equivalent of a language that makes its easy to keep data in linked lists. (Which means you probably want to write it in one.)" Ragic claims to be a fulfillment of Idea #22. I haven't tried it, so can't comment. I'm just observing that Improv predates Idea #22 by about 1.5 decades. "There were often a few token people who were allowed to stay on in town provisionally: usually, they offered an unusual trade or service that a small town relied on, and were thus granted an exception to the sundown rules." http://dneiwert.blogspot.com/2008/01/how-to-out-sundown-town... Preface: I'm a white American, with plenty of WASP guilt. I forget the issue, but an African-American was in the news spewing the standard reprehensible winger talking points. An African-American coworker of mine said "There's always one", shaking his head in disgust. He probably let his guard down around me, because we got to know each other pretty well and he knew of my political activism (voting issues). I asked him to explain. He said no matter how stupid or extreme an issue, the white man could always find some black man to voice support. I'm guessing that "there's always one" is a cliche in the African-American world. Spike Lee's Boyz in the Hood, a fucking great movie, had scene depicting this phenomenon. So, in sum, when Clarence Thomas, Condi, or that US Rep Allen fruitcake says something retarded, it's still retarded, and I don't have to measure my criticism (of the idea) just because I'm white and the speaker is black. Run for office. See for yourself what it takes to win. Then check back with us. Yea! Because people are stoopid! Stoopid people shouldn't vote! "the only sane way of working with it is to subvert it." Perhaps. In my projects, I use wrapped exceptions to convert "what blew up" exceptions into "what to do about it" exceptions. A poor man's event routing. For example, I wrote an ETL workflow thingie that would retry, reset, restart, backoff (throttle) depending on what was failing. I'd be totally game for pre declaring what exceptions your code will catch, harkening back to the days of "on message do this" type programming. Then the compiler can tell verify that all the thrown exceptions get caught by somebody. Meanwhile, I've never had a problem with checked exceptions. Methinks the real cause of angst over checked exceptions are all these mindless frameworks, APIs, libraries, strategies, design patterns, aspects, inversion of common sense, injection of nonsense, etc. The complexity borne of the manner in which Spring, JPA, Hibernate, connection pooling, aspects, MVC, blah blah blah attempt to hide, obfuscate, decouple, mystify, pseudo architect "solutions" ... well, it's just insane. Someone upthread off-handedly noted the irony of declaring all these exceptions only to have the main event loop eat an exception without any logging. Story of my life. Debugging silent death failures really, really sucks. Which is why I work as "close to the metal" as possible and worry not about unchecked exceptions. I don't understand many shareholder lawsuits. Especially when the lawsuits are robo-generated, eg once a stock's value crosses a threshold. It seems like unnecessary, unproductive overhead. Like anyone is guaranteed a profit. As for Facebook, I'm ambivalent. Kinda like the housing bubble. Everyone with have a twit knew that prices were inflated. Most all the players were bad actors. And the people who choose to gamble, well, tough noogies. But what I do get worked up about is fraud. If Facebook lied, like the mortgage brokers, lenders, foreclosure goons, etc, as in made false statements in their filings, equivalent to committing purjury, then throw that book at them. That's contract law. There's no way for an open market to function well if the players are allowed to lie about legal statements. (Not that I think Facebook lied. Nor do I care; I'm not an investor. I'm just kinda amused that so many people were fleeced.) (My snarky response about voters being stoopid is more about the undemocratic impulses of libertarian fruitcakes. People given high quality information make high quality decisions. The remedy for bad decisions is education and patience, not yanking people's rights.) Potential upsides. Rarely realized. I'd rather pay for more cops. These technologies are just used to put more distance between the corporate profits and accountability to the communities effected. As a history lesson, dehumanizing intelligence services, preferring satellites and wiretaps to HUMINT, has crippled our capabilities. But it did enrich defense contractors, so it's all good. There are many, many Americas. City folk like to walk. The others not so much. Suburbanites DRIVE to the gym. We had some visitors from another office, took them to lunch, made it to the crosswalk (200ft), they asked "How far away is this place? We should have just driven." My medications are not optional. > I've never been able to wrap my head around meat-imitation > vegetarian and vegan options I was inching towards becoming a vegetarian. Being a foodie is a pretty effective strategy. Substitutes are great because vegetarian food is (can be) great. Thai panang curry made with seitan tastes great. Brown rice and Field Roast (tm) tastes great. Deep fried tofu tastes great. Then it's not about giving up meat. It's more like choosing something else and not having time for meat. An different example. I'm now working towards the troglodiet, informed by Dr Terry Wahls, Eat To Live, 4 Hour Body, etc. Veggies, veggies, and more veggies. Meat. Seeds and nuts. Legumes. Wahls suggests eating 9 cups of fruit and veggies a day (in addition to the rest). If you can do that, you don't have time, attention, appetite, craving, etc for simple carbs like treats, rice, pasta, potato. (I coined the term "troglodiet". Hysterical, right?) I wouldn't down-vote your comment. During my interview with that team, one of the kids proudly took credit for the span tag. A weekend hack. Committed the code and shipped it. No review. SOP. Being more standards-minded at the time, I wanted to throttle the kid. With the benefit of hindsight, I see that all the jitter and experimentation was pretty much ideal. If a feature proves useful, other browsers may adopt it, and it may become a de facto standard. Tips like yours makes me wish I had studied a lot more of the classics, drama, etc. One "trick" that drives me bugga is the plot device. Like all kids of an age, my son devoured the Harry Potter books. Trying to be a good dad, shared interests, and all that, I tried to read those books. As far as I got, Rowling would write the protagonists into wedge and then throw in some awesome new power to get them out. Like a bad Star Trek TNG episode or pretty much all of Dragon Ball Z (which was still fun to watch with my kid). Haha. Never thought of Harry Potter as manga before. Anyhoo. Compared to Neil Gaiman's efforts. Especially his children's books. They're perfectly formed spheres, without flaw. His stories are internally consistent and conflict resolution happens in a (suspended belief) believable way. Truly. My enjoyment of Monsters, Inc. takes nothing away from my awe of Akira. Different movies, songs, activities for different moods, wants, desires. It's been a tough year. So the partner and I have been watching a lot of romantic comedies. As a caveman, I'm surprised by how much I've been enjoying them. Agreeing with you: Absolutists (like RMS) expand the Overton Window. I'm more BSD than GPL, but without RMS, BSD would be seen as radical. ESR wrote: Unfortunately, RMS made an early decision to frame his advocacy as a moral crusade rather than a pragmatic argument about engineering practices and outcomes. Having done a bit of policy work, value statements are what works. "Intellectuals" (progressives, geeks, libertarians) think The Right Answer wins. Nope. Cite George Lakoff, David Domke, Thomas Frank, Noam Chomsky... Further, open source is a moral issue. Example: Diebold hid their software. We lost transparency of our elections. Bad things happened. John Bonifaz and voteraction.org proved in court that John Kerry won New Mexico in 2004. The same things happened nationwide. Extrapolate. Ditto medical devices, our personal data, etc. So I'm with RMS. I'm sorry that RMS makes ESR feel weird. Tough. My data is me, I am my data. What I eat, my shoe size, where I've been, the drugs I take, where I work, my mortgage and tax payments, the movies I like. Netflix should pay me for the honor of storing, mining, analysing, and reselling any and all information about me. Ditto every one else peddling my data. Exploiting me (and you) for profit. I want my cut. A Group Is Its Own Worst Enemy http://shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html Hmmm. So is Windows 8 a horse? Or a duck? I like Metro quite a bit. Alas, I can't suspend disbelief and trust that this time Microsoft will remain committed to their latest greatest new thing, not lose interest and wander off in a few years, and not screw all the developers who bought into the latest pyramid scheme. I think a lot of other people like Metro too. I just attended an designer graduate student thesis project gallery exhibit whatever. 2/3rds of the UIs were strongly Metro-esque. Some very cool designs. I have no doubt Metro will spawn copycats. > Threw the JS into closure compiler with advanced optimisations > and pretty print and out comes relatively unobfuscated code... Boss hack. That strategy would have never occurred to me. Thanks! Java, XML/XSL/XSD, and design patterns (gone wild) all hit about the same time. Most (but not all) of my pain slinging Java come from misuse of XML and design patterns. Now we're on to services (SOA). Yippee. It's just a socket, marshaling, retry logic. Does it really need its own ecosystem of consultants, conferences, and books? Java the language could be more terse with type inference, string literals, default visibility modifiers, and some other syntactic sugar. (I'm pretty optimistic about Ceylon as a successor.) But 18 years on, for the most part, I'm still very pleased with Java. Except autoboxing and annotations; garbage. Java the platform (JDK, J2EE, java.util. , collections, javax. , misc APIs) should be burned to the ground, plowed under, and complete do over. And any one who says "factory method" gets keelhauled. > ...incorrectly observe what YC is and apply something very different. Heh. I once captured an employer's engineering methodology (from memory) thusly: - misunderstand the problem - exclude domain experts and stakeholders from decision making - make decisions - don't tell anyone - (post mortem) identify nonparticipants to scape goat - repeat It's a dog eat dog world. Your mistake was incorrectly assessing the incentives. You thought you were helping. But you were actually threatening to topple an existing power structure. Unwise. A story. A coworker ("Dan") automated his timesheet reporting, allegedly for "budgeting", something we all hated doing. Dan would select some project codes, target hours worked for the week, choose percentages, and his macro would randomly fill out a time sheet. The kicker was he used increments of 5 minutes (vs quarter hours, whatever). Meanwhile, his office mate ("Stan") kept meticulous time sheets. Actually honest. A few weeks later, Dan gets recognized and rewarded for his awesome time sheet. A role model for us all. (Stan flips out. I mean really loses it. It was hysterical.) So. Were I you working in that environment, I would have mimicked your output with the macro(s). Same error rate. Same time duration. Let it run in the background while you're doing something else more enjoyable. Maybe dial the accuracy or finish time up and down so you'd occasionally get a perk. Like a dog gets its treat. If you wanted to be really subversive, you could share your tool with some favored coworkers. Strictly quid pro quo, because your "friends" are the first to screw you over. So make sure you have dirt on anyone you help. Lameness of boss is a bigger factor than company size. This story is of a 80 person company. I had a job working for founder and president. Primary product was very complicated, requiring lotsa training and effort. Think purpose built Adobe Illustrator for creating manufacturing production plans. Kudos to him for making a capable, dependable product that had 80% market share. He was very proud. The growth goal of the company was to "automate" our customer's workflow. After a few years, I understood the problem domain well enough to take a crack at it. I wrote forms-based app that automatically generated the production plans. You spec a couple variables and style of work, and viola, production plan. Took about 1 month to implement. I show my new app around the office. Lotsa excitement. Time to demo to the founder. I show him what's what. He asks me to try a few tricky scenarios. No problem. He then walks out of my office. No "good job". No "I gotta take this call". Dude never spoke to me again. (Our offices were adjacent.) I then figured out that founder didn't want a better solution. He wanted other people to fail trying to find a better solution, thereby validating his awesomeness. My advice to anyone with a game changing idea: Shut up. Figure out an exit strategy. Capture the benefit / reward for yourself. About that hate speech... Tara Carreon responded: "There is now plenty of proof that Matt Inman is one of a gang of people who promote the same type of ideas that inspired Jared Loughner to try and kill Gabrielle Giffords," she wrote. "Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center, who studies hate groups and hate speech, examined Loughner's sites and concluded that his material on grammar, in particular, likely came from the writings of far right activist David Wynn Miller. If you Google Matt Inman + grammar, you will find a similar obsession. And similar hate." Citing SPLC suggests Tara Carreon is left leaning. But her misunderstanding / misuse of "hate speech" is very right wing. Kind of like how trogs don't grok that Colbert is making fun of them. Hate speech is wishing harm on your opponents for political reasons. Calling people names is not hate speech. Neither is making fun of people. That's just being a dick. Alas, wingers don't get that distinction. I suspect the root cause (mental failing) also explains trogs rampant false equivalency (e.g. Clinton got a blow job == Bush allowing 9/11, illegally invading a foreign country, killing 100,000s of its citizens, making refugees out of a few million, and using depleted uranium to convert much of the formerly inhabited areas into Superfund sites). I once had a winger tell me that the Rodney King riots in LA were an example of left wing hate speech. The stupid, it hurts. I honestly can't decide if trogs say ridiculous non sequiturs because they're thick or if it's merely to distract and enrage (a la Limbaugh, Beck, Coulter). I've decided to simply judge people by their actions, vs their intent. The grandma having sex with a bear is obviously funny. To you and me. But the trogs can't see it that way. Any mocking is a direct personal attack demanding a defensive response. Inman didn't know the Carreon's were mentally impaired. But for future, just know that trogs will misunderstand, misinterpret, twist, assume the worst, distort, etc. No one can control the audience's reaction. But in my mocking, I do try to avoid borderline humor which can be labeled "hate speech". No sense giving the trogs another chew toy. And there's no shortage of funny stuff to say. There is no MVC. A design pattern is a reusable solution to problem, given a certain context (set of constraints). My design pattern study group iterated over the Gang of Four book 3 times, please many others. The MVC sessions were the least constructive. No two people could agree on what is and isn't MVC. Or MVP. No, you're not doing it right. Oh, MVC can only be done "correctly" using Smalltalk. Yadda yadda yadda. I can't even begin to discuss "MVC web frameworks". Huh? Methinks the only reason for "MVC" is to justify Spring, inversion of control, containers, dependency injection, annotations, and all that other useless enterprisey J2EE-esque shovelware. I agree with jerf's statement (upthread) that devs should worry more about DRY than MVC. Just half? I had to read Tara Carreon's quote for myself. The "hate speech" reference jumped out. No one else had commented on it. Probably because few here are as political as me, so wouldn't know that it's a politically charged phrase. Oh, I forgot to mention something. Carreon's equating Inman to Jared Loughner is just sick. As in reprehensible. No different than invoking Hitler (Godwin's Law). And is a pretty good example of hateful (vs hate) speech. It's an accident of history, snapshot of time that most anti-intellectuals currently vote Republican. Of course not, since I could not even begin to think [Rails and Spring] are related. Sure they are. Spring is the Java community's effort to get some of that dynamic programming goodness (ahem). Rails is the Ruby community's effort to reproduce the unmaintainable mess of J2EE. You couldn't have one without the other. I'm very aware of Fowler's write ups. That one is a pretty good summary. In that it's descriptive, but IMHO is completely unactionable (prescriptive). I've written a direct manipulation vector structured graphics program. Think FreeHand / Illustrator with a scenegraph. I tried every which way to make something MVC esque. No can do. I believe, but cannot prove, that the MVC failing(s), eg tight coupling, unclear flow of control, comes from the Observer/Listener like message passing between the players. Further, I believe some future UI paradigm will be a hybrid, mutant love child, inspired by, of functional reactive programming and an VRML-97 like event model (FROM->TO style patchcord event routing). It's on my to do list, but I'm easily distracted and followed thru. "If you're not failing now and then, you're not trying hard enough" -- Bill Joy (from memory) Gassee cracks me up. The way John Dvorak used to. I read Monday Note because Gassee seems to one of two people who understand what's happening to traditional publishing and news. (The other being Clay Shirky.) Gassee has been pretty candid about how Jobs schooled him when Apple was choosing between BeOS and Next. That Gassee has learned from both his successes and failures impresses me. As for his time at PalmSource, I can't say much. I tried some Palm dev work, didn't light my fire, so I ignored Palm(Source). However, there was a pretty good post mortem of HP, Palm, WebOS a week or two back. WebOS had a shot, but blew it Untouchable's style (brought a knife to a gun fight). Thanks for the cite. I couldn't imagine anything worse that the Stalinistic "360 degree" reviews I've experienced. I was wrong. Here I thought Scrum was ridiculous. Then along comes kanban. I'm an enthusiastic student of methodologies, consider Deming and Drucker are patron saints, and look for "one way flow" and "eliminate waste" (muda) opportunities everywhere . I've now been on 4 scrum teams. I've been thru "master scrum training" three times. I have no idea what they're talking about. As far as I can tell, the Scrum methodology means talking about what "scrum" means. (Another possibility is that "scrum" is easier to say than "we have no idea what we're doing".) See, I'm a GANTT chart, critical path, front load as much as possible, and iterate madly kinda guy. Worked great all the times I was in charge. My current team is doing kanban. We have post-it notes that we move around. I have no idea what they represent. Chunking work like this is unnatural. There's really no way to infer the whole (work in the large, get a birds eye view) from the kanban project management artifacts. I don't see how scrum or kanban relate to QA and testing. I've asked. (I used to be a QA manager, not very good, but I understood the work.) There's just arm waving "magic goes here" between the incompatible acceptable testing ("when are you done?") and the artificial sprint deadlines. We also duplicate the kanban items in a bug tracking system. Ignoring the failings of Jira for a moment, I fail to see how how any mediated process can be "agile". I could go on and on. Fastest Java solution I've seen to date: kryo - Fast, efficient Java serialization and cloning http://code.google.com/p/kryo/ It'd be fun to see how kryo stacks against native C++. *I don't know of any other profession that has such elaborate...* Education (the profession) comes close. But probably does more damage long term. #1 - I understand kanban in the physical (mfg) world perfectly well. It might even have value in some knowledge/creative industries, where there's a solid, predetermined, well defined workflow. Publishing, for instance. What I'm saying is that the kanban strategy does not apply to software development. Full stop. Does not map. Not applicable. Completely unrelated. Irrelevant. Moot. Nonsensical. Like measuring feline happiness in banana units. If my employer could effectively chunk my work into itty bitty little stickies, they wouldn't need me. #2 - When have you seen a scrum iteration planned around the QA/test cycle? Never? The sprints are defined by PHBs, devs grudgingly play along, QA/test can just suck it. A real QA/test org would say a product is done when its done. I've not seen that happen on any scrum project. Rather, products are done when they've run out of time or juice (eg Yourdon's death march). #1 - Use cases can be chunked. The first iteration. There after it's all fit, wiggle, finish, adjustment. We have daily back and froths about "the other 90%" of effort. The PHBs want stickies for all the inevitable ancillary tasks that spawn from top level tasks. To me, it's just make work, the "process tax" that Yegge refers to. #2 - I'd agree with you about "by sprint end" for unit tests and any other harnesses that devs can write. But real QA/test work? I just don't see it. When I've been in charge, the three areas (reqs, dev, test) are interleaved. Makes for nice feedback loops. If dev and test had their own sprints, with test trailing by a week or so, I could almost see that working. #2b - I've never seen sprints finish nicely, where unfinished work (points) didn't carry over to the next sprint. Total fiction that anything gets "done". With proper project management, imho, the scope of work is predetermined and things get dropped to meet a hard deadline, or the deadline is pushed. And the final acceptance testing (e.g. go/no-go process), without fail, takes two weeks. That's tacked on to the tail of when everyone has jointly decided that everything's "done". I've yet to see that kind of quality, rigor, professionalism using scrum. #1 - I've never seen UI work that simple. Ever. Maybe my problem is that I'm working on interesting projects. #2 - Tom Lasseter (Pixar) supposedly said "We release snapshots of our movies, they're never done." #1 - I've never seen UI work that simple. Ever. Maybe my problem is that I'm working on interesting projects. #2 - Tom Lasseter (Pixar) supposedly said "We release snapshots of our movies, they're never done." As a life-long of reader "hard" sci-fi, making me a renown expert, IMHO: How will humans survive the radiation? How will humans remain mentally healthy? I don't think we can feasibly become space faring until those challenges, and probably some others, are addressed. Edit: Oh, I just had an idea. How do people with Asperger's deal with isolation, boredom, continuous contact with a handful of other people? Maybe there's a subgroup of people who are mentally perfectly adapted for space travel. I met Grady Booch at the kickoff meeting for the Society of Software Architects (or some such). OOPSLA 1998 in Vancouver. I asked Grady Booch "What is software architecture?" He answered "Software architecture is what software architects 'do'." At that point I stopped caring. Until I found the book Design Rules: The Power of Modularity. http://www.amazon.com/Design-Rules-Vol-Power-Modularity/dp/0... It is the sole source I've ever encountered that had anything useful, actionable, insightful, informative, rigorous, etc. Alas, I've never been able to synthesis Design Rules' methodology into any of my efforts. Because what I do is software craftsmanship . I've designed some awesome stuff (and a lot of crap). But nothing rigorous, repeatable, explainable. For a few years, I bought every software design book I could find. Some of them actually good. But the ones claiming to be about "software architecture" are really describing software craftsmanship. Describe as in descriptive, vs prescriptive. From memory, Design Rules states that architecture is the set of visible design choices in a product. The entire thesis of the book, backed by oodles of case studies and data, is that deciding where the lines between subsystems, the interfaces, and the allowable parameters for those interfaces, is architecture. PS- Just read the OP. Nothing actionable. Move along. I'm projecting. As an extrovert, I'd go nuts. So clearly I'm not making the trip. I'm more worried about the time in transit. For sanity, my assumption is that humans will need the ability to easily increase / decrease metabolism. So that 6 month, year, century trip would seem like a few days. For radiation, I think space faring humans will need to be radiation hardened somehow. taking "required courses" (Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology... So smart. Many of my best developers came from outside of CS: bus driver, ballet dancer, EE, history, poly sci, mfg, aerospace, etc. You forgot my camp: Persons so abused by Microsoft over the years that I'm fresh out of goodwill. Metro looks bitchin. I can't wait for others to copy it. But I can't imagine Microsoft sustaining their commitment. Nor can I imagine them not trashing whatever investment I've made in their platform(s), either as a user or as a dev. My employer has "roaming" wifi. I can walk around, change floors, change buildings and not lose connection. I don't know how they do it. It's very cool. Compared to... I was contracting at AT&T Wireless for a few months. Worst enterprise IT I've experienced. Getting a desk phone to work was near impossible. No one could access their voicemail. No voicemail - email bridge. The in-house chat/voice conferencing didn't work (stutter, dropped connections, couldn't login). You'd lose wifi connection walking down the hall, requiring full reauthentication for everything (signin, VPN, db connections, etc). I accidently upvoted you. So please mentally -1 for this post. I'd characterize your reply as concern trolling. I've done my share of FOIA requests. I imagine I've heard most every excuse. Including "We lost the backup tapes." Being charitable, the reason public records requests are hard, expensive to fulfill is because efficient records management is rare, making finding and retrieval difficult. Someone may chime in suggesting CMS, workflow, sharepoint, whatever. Yea. If it was just that easy, everyone would be doing it. it took the act of writing a book to realize this fundamental design flaw. Not cool. Most everyone is too close to their own work. Writers need editors. Artists need critics. Devs need QA/test. Fortunately, letting code rest for 6+ months is a pretty good strategy for getting a "new mind". So is explaining your work to someone else, such as writing about it. Regulators were part of the problem leading up to these disasters. aka regulatory capture http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture Until we start punishing regulators and the politicians who push these policies... Hate the game, not the players. The correct answer is, and has been, to have a balance of powers. The forging of the US Constitution has been described as an "orgy of mistrust". Having mutual antagonists playing off each others, preferably in a three way fight, is the best medicine devised thus far. Opposing fraud and for the "free market" (aka laissez faire) are mutually exclusive. Just wishful thinking. On open market requires regulation. For instance, we need contract law, transparency, fair and impartial court system, for the market to work efficiently and effectively. Ok. In the libertarian utopia, who covers the cost of running the courts? It's just TV. I let other people figure out what's worth watching. (Very little.) Collaborative filtering is great. At the same time, people get equally outraged when terrorists kill people and then want to blame CIA for their failings. Right! It's almost ridiculous how some people get so indignant about about imagined pacifist dirty hippies; I can almost feel their spittle as they typety tap tap their anonymous comments. At the same time, those narcissistic people get equally outraged when their imagined political opponents don't actually hold those silly projected beliefs and then want to blame those opponents for not buying into their logical fallacies. Blah, blah, blah. Insert filler nonsensical blather here. End with some mindless proclamation demonstrating my reasonableness and obvious moral superiority. We have been on a hiring binge lately and it is very difficult to find candidates who know anything but Microsoft tools. Geography. A buddy in Louisiana who was looking for a job tells me there's nothing but Microsoft stack. Where I live, it depends which side of the lake you live on. It's been a long time (late '90s) since I've seen a formalized (documented) interview process. It helped immensely. We basically treated recruiting like a sales funnel, had a ranking/scoring system, had self-selecting teams, etc. Since then, seems like everyone's just making it up as they go. Hiring, evals, reqs, QA/test, whatever. The pinnacle of methodology may have sucked, but at least we all pretended to try. When I interview candidates now, when it's a "no", I chop it off asap. I give precise reasons why, as nicely as possible. It's fair, honest, constructive, and is how I would want to be treat. I also believe in the Roman Evaluation Method, where anything less than a yes by everyone is a no. Alas, I'm a solo act in a large organization. eg, Another interviewer, even after it's a clear "No" (we compare notes via IM), let's things drag on, always doing the "do you have any questions for us?" bit, and then wraps up with a "our people will contact you..." Tangent: I'm grumpy that Eclipse IDE uses the file names .project and .classpath. So they're hidden by default. Requiring special treatment. Their content is XML. What's wrong with project.xml and classpath.xml? Oh, please. There's no shortage of troglodytes advocating women stay at home, in the kitchen, bare footed, and pregnant. There's even laments about women suffrage (enfranchisement, right to vote). You don't have to look very hard to find whack jobs of any stripe to use as justification for own reactionary / oppositional views. Post divorce, stretches of solo parenting is the norm. Yup. aka Clean room design. Alas, not a defense for patent IP. Best political advice I ever got was "Never volunteer. Make them ask you to do it." Every time I've ever fixed something or made something awesome, I've been punished. The times I've played it detached and cool, grudgingly do some seemingly impossible task (which is actually easy), I get rewarded. I've said this here before: If you ever do something awesome, tell no one. If it's awesome enough and the stars line up, convert it into your next startup and eat your former benefactor's lunch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_Roads_Movement Not losing also explains much of legislation politics and campaign debates. Survive this round of the contest, you get another bite at the apple. Maybe, just maybe, you'll work up enough courage to grab for the brass ring. Such as reach for higher office. Or pass some important legislation. In politics, any position you take will offend someone. So you become cautious. "Keep your powder dry" for the imagined future contest. Only jump on board the bandwagon when it's crystal clear, so then when it goes bad you can use the safety of the herd to avoid repercussions. Watch political "debates" sometime, you'll see that frontrunners play to not lose, because the person left standing wins. Substances like mercury or lead spring to mind... Ditto chemo, steroids, smoking, alcohol, marijuana, human growth factor... Professional baseball fathers seem to have quite a few kids with physical troubles. I've always wondered if it's job related. The donation process sucks too. Really? AEI? Minimum wage hasn't kept up with inflation. Debt financed consumption. You're trying too hard. This stuff isn't that complicated. Lies, damned lies, and statistics. I rather like the AEI. It serves a purpose. Kind of like a honeypot. OP is about why Millennials aren't buying cars and houses. Whereas OP includes values (eg smartphones vs cars), thaumaturgy also says they don't have the cash. No reasonable person can deny wage stagnation, rising unemployment, increasing costs (education, food, housing, and transportation). yummyfajitas gets argumentative, citing some libertarian fallacies. specialist refutes yummy. liber8 gets pedantic, forgetting original point. I was working towards vegetarian. Long story short, I'm now working towards the Dr. Terry Wahls diet: 9 cups of vegetables per day, please meats, legumes, supplements. Think troglodiet, cave man diet, super Atkins (which I prev thought was bullshit). My health's improved. My psoriasis is going away. Ditto my gf, a full vegetarian for years. Muscle pain and inflammation going away. Other benefits. I'd probably be a vegetarian if I had more time. 9 cups of veggies per day is a lot of work. To completely give up meat, I'd have to work even harder to get the proper nutrition. > Offshore is, most of the times, about getting the same quality of work at cheaper cost. I have yet to experience that joy. Rather, offshore means lots of unnecessary documentation, train someone to do my job (promoting me to "lead"), watch them get it wrong, try to coach them onto the correct path, high turnover (so I have to train and coach again in a few months), do a complete rewrite at the 11th hour, then be blamed by the bean counters that I sabotaged the effort somehow. No doubt the same thing happens in house. But with in house, if we find a good egg, we get to keep them, get some ROI back from the learning curve. Last millennium, I wrote software for print manufacturing, eg newspapers, magazines, books, flyers... Tasks like image positioning, color trapping, bindery, etc. Super fun work. Even then, only the biggest clients spent money. Since then -- post dotcom bust, 9/11, Bush looting of economy, rise of online, decline of advertising, switch from offset CMYK press to digital composite printing (eg color laserjet), rise of ebooks -- there's even less money for capital improvements. With the benefit of hindsight, I can't imagine printers staying ahead of the phenomenal rate of technical change AND the constantly shifting marketplace. So I think the print manufacturers have had a pretty good strategy: huge initial investment and then ride that sled all the way to the bottom. Anticipating the disruptive near term technologies for all manufacturing (eg 3D printing, mass customization), I just don't see a sizable market for 3rd party software coming back. I've half-concluded that smart software/IT investment money would be for in house development. To out run one's competitors. I watched some of those documentaries. Loose Change was the worst. Shows image of Pentagon, "proving" it wasn't a plane that stuck the building. Image is cropped. Original image shows debris field, including plane's engine. I'm a Popperian. Theories must be falsifiable. If any of the 9/11 Truther theories invalidate or improve on the NIST explanation for how WTC 7 fell, you let me know. As for the politics, whatever. Bush/Cheney allowed 9/11 to happen. And then they capitalized on the aftermath. So what? There's no evidence that is actionable. You're outraged? Big deal. While you're refighting past battles, the bad guys are gleefully stealing your future. Having said that, the 9/11 Truther groups are basically cults. No different than the La Rouchians, Scientologists, climate change deniers, Clinton Killed Vince Foster, etc. People addicted to anger busy disempowering themselves. Hysterical. Behind every fad or movement, there's someone making a back. Just had a mini panic. Both Windows 7 guest (blech) and Linux 2.6.18 (aka Oracle Developer Days) guest just launched on OSX 10.8.2, VirtualBox 4.1.20r80170, no problems. Oracle just release VirtualBox 4.2. Release notes mention Mountain Lion support. http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/press/1842885 Happy Hunting! > It's amazing what some companies ask you to send via email. My state allows people to cast ballots via email. During the hearing, some retired National Guard General testified that "security has gotten really good". I assume he's on the payroll of the vendor, but I didn't bother to check (this time). > compelling absurdity It's also plausible. Early Autodesk's entire business model was built on top of fleecing their dealer (value-added reseller) channel. Ditto franchises, pyramid marketing, ponzi schemes. That said, if you're smart and very lucky, it's possible to make real money playing in someone else's sandbox. > Regulatory capture is an intrinsically hard problem. What's beginning to bug me about regulatory capture is that it's a two party system: subject and observer. Seems to frail. The brilliance of the US constitution is the balance of power between executive, legislative, and judicial. Over the long term, it seems to be largely self-correcting. Or at least correctable. That the players are fighting each other is the only thing that's keeps everyone honest. There's some cliche about mutual distrust guaranteeing trust in a system For all the belly aching about over bearing government and onerous regulation, it seems to me the regulators are way too cozy with the entities they regulate. In general. Oh well. I haven't been able to imagine a system other than subject and observer. So I can't imagine a persistent system resistant to regulatory capture. Maybe there's some novel market-based solutions which build in the right incentives. Kind of like the capitation model for healthcare, which rewards wellness (vs the USA's current fee-for-service model which rewards treating disease.). Or maybe one of those self-managed collectives, like the managed fisheries of the north east, who's mission is to prevent the tragedy of the commons (destroying a common resource). Working as planned? I wouldn't know. I'm not talking about the pathology of the USA govt. What I'm trying to do is talk about systems more resistant to regulatory capture. What marvels me is the three-way fight. It just seems much more self-balancing. And great things happen when people have to hash things out. Back when I was a product manager, I structured the team to mimic the balance of powers. (That particular company was engineering dominated, which got fairly pathological.) Marketing was in charge of price and scope. Engineering was in charge of cost and schedule. QA was in charge of testing and shipping. Give and take. Creative tension. The outcome was brilliant. After a storming period, the team settled into a tempo and always made our dates and sales numbers. I don't know if setting up a three-way fight is a repeatable organizational structure. But it's the best idea I've come across to date. The only other idea I have is increased transparency. (PS- All big decision were made democratically, with various kinds of voting systems. eg Go/NoGo was roman evaluation, triage was risk management style, etc.) I'm totally onboard with aligning incentives with desired (societal) outcomes. > C code has much better control over the layout of data in memory . Yes. This presentation really drives that point in. Building Memory-Efficient Java Applications: Practices and Challenges http://www.cs.virginia.edu/kim/publicity/pldi09tutorials/mem... (There are plenty of other sources too.) Our Java study group tackled this paper. To prepare for the discussion, I tried to put my XML document object model implementation on a diet. Super fun. Modest benefits. > You can work around the GC issues and modern compilers work around > the interpretation overhead, but a C program is going to tend to > have the easiest time ensuring that its working set fits into cache. As I understand it (h/t Joe Bowbeer), Doug Lea and others have been doing very cool work micro tuning data structures suitable for use on multicore systems. So it's possible. But definitely not trivial; certainly beyond my abilities. > Meditation is a state, where the mind is completely silent That wasn't my experience. I tried very hard to attain that "no thought" state. At best, I was able to let my thoughts flow without holding on to them. I concluded that silent mind thing is an analogy. The opposite of "don't think of a pink elephant" causes you to think of a pink elephant. When you have "no thought" you just let the thought come and go without trying to process (consider, internalize, whatever) it. But I haven't compared notes with others, gurus, whomever. YMMV. Great question. I don't know. Public v private is a two-way fight. On my product team, I gave QA a seat at the table, creating a three-way fight. Since I don't have any original notions of my own, I'm watching out for ideas, experiments, alternatives, supplements to public v private. The only notion I've got is public v private v citizen. By citizen, I roughly mean open government, transparency, accountability. I've been VERY politically involved. In my spare time, I'm trying to make tools to better empower future citizen activists. Maybe level the playing field a bit. > How does distance affect brightness? Red shift. The universe is filled with photons. But as the universe expands, everything moving away from everything else, the human visible light moves into the infrared spectrum. I used to write software for print manufacturing. Paper is high tech. It's also appropriate tech for many use cases. In addition to privacy, paper is durable. Being physical, it's possible to safe guard the chain of custody. Paper is also largely tamper evident. I'm still weirded out by digital signatures, both the crypto and fax kind. How are they challenged, verified, revoked? Electronic mediated transactions make sense when systems are double entry (credits and debits) so that each party has their own audit trail. But they seem rather virtual to me for things like transfer of ownership and voting. Learning about the legalities of digital signatures is on my to do list. True. But, anecdotally, I never leave Office programs running, because they seem to chew thru my battery. I like Entourage better than Mail.app, but use Mail.app because it sips battery. Grids are awesome. So awesome in fact, that I created DesignGridLayout, a Java Swing layout manager. Jean Francois Poilpret has been the project owner for years and extended far beyond my original vision. http://designgridlayout.java.net It has a mostly "fluent API", so you just add components and it mostly figures out columns and spanning widths. Pretty much nothing you've written is true. I've been studying election administration in the USA for a few years, having worked as a pull judge, pull inspector, and observer. I've attended HAVA hearings, EAC hearings, and testified many times. Etc. New Jersey is now issuing and CASTING ballots electronically. In the clear. By "complications for privacy", you must mean the complete lack of privacy. There is no privacy. Zero. None. Zilch. The only balloting system in the USA that preserves the secret ballot is a dropping your ballot into the ballot box at a poll site. Because the box scrambles the order. Postal balloting can partially preserve the secret ballot (on the receiving end) if proper rules are followed (but generally aren't). Exactly no electronic system preserves the secret ballot. You misrepresent the photo identification requirement. Meaning it's a complete non-issue trumped to scare people. In the USA, everyone must first be registered (except in North Dakota?), which establishes your eligibility to vote. On election day, until recently, voters merely have to prove who they are with any form of identification showing their current address. This is mostly to ensure voters are issued the correct ballot (for their precinct). Knowing what I know about the history of election administration and its current direction, I'm curious to learn what you'd consider "moves us forward"? I'll even give you an out: Anyone advocating any form of electronically mediated voting must admit that it eliminates all voter privacy (secret ballot) and most of the public vote count (ability to audit). So the challenge is to create the digital successor to the Australian Ballot system used in the USA. Something that will give all observers confidence that elections are run clean and fair, despite the lose of voter privacy. Any thing short of that, you're just blowing smoke. It's a good book. I love the quote about "electronic voting being crack for conspiracy theorists". But the conclusion is correct: Electronic voting cannot preserve voter privacy or ensure the public vote count. So it shouldn't be used. Note that Rubin also worked on the SERVE project for the DoD, reaching the same conclusion. But the money people keep the dream alive. I've been lied to so many times by so many election administrators, I would take Thatcher's advice: Trust, but verify. There's a difference between CANNOT tell how you voted, vs we didn't look. We cool. Thanks for following up. I assumed too much about your circumstances. Paper ballots cast at a poll site is the only way to absolutely ensure voter privacy. The Australian Ballot method. The reason it works is because the ballot box scrambles the order of ballots, so they can't be tied to individual voters. (There are some exceptions, like very small precincts.) Voting electronically eliminates that anonymizing scrambling. If it scrambled the order, they'd never be able to audit the process. Postal ballots (aka vote by mail) has to be done just right to protect voter privacy. Many jurisdictions don't scramble the ballots because of the added expense. #1 - We have two political parties in the USA because of our winner takes all form of elections. No matter how big the pie, two sides will each attempt to form the smallest winning coalition. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duvergers_law #2 - Anything that weakens the political parties strengthens the monied interests. The American experiment has always been wealth vs democracy. Bad as our parties are, plutocracy is worse. This may change with the rise of issues-based political organizations. #3 - In the USA, we vote on everything, and we are not homogeneous. My local Republicans would be considered Democrats else where. #4 - Don't be distracted by the party politics. Reforms which would most improve our democracy, in order, are: a) Fair redistricting, meaning maximal competitiveness, minimal incumbency protection. b) Universal voter registration, just like every other western democracy. c) Public financing of campaigns. d) Restore the fairness doctrine. That's pretty much it. A good start. Everything else is just rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. (I've got a separate list for election integrity reform.) Interesting idea. I prefer approval voting, which is very easy to administrate. I whole heartedly support replacing winner takes all with approval voting, which is easier to administrate, far more robust, and more fair. But that's a huge change. Fortunately, there are smaller, more beneficial changes we can do while working to replace winner takes all. (See other comment.) I haven't looked at Civitas. The other crypto based voting systems I did study don't actually hide voter's identity in real world elections. The trick to these systems is there's some one-way hash done. This requires a lot of ballots, with enough hash collisions to ensure one's ballot gets lost within the herd. Alas, elections in the USA are precinct-based, typically 1 to 1,000 voters in size. And our ballots are complicated. My ballot this election had 20 issues. So combinatorially, it's very likely my ballot will be utterly unique within my precinct. Meaning my ballot is not secret. Edit: Clarification at end. Yup. There is exactly no way to ensure the secret ballot (voter privacy) or public count (auditable results) with any form of electronic voting. Article is about voter preference for electronic voting machines vs paper. Where OP voted, there was no line for paper, a small queue for electronic. When I served as a poll inspector, our poll site had one touchscreen. Voters would use it if it was open. Aside: touchscreen advocates claim voting electronically is faster. Not true. I timed many voters casting ballots both electronically and using paper. Close enough to make no difference. But god help you if there's a hiccup with the touchscreens. Yup. I'm totally, utterly against electronic voting of any form. I'll weakly support ballot optical devices at poll sites in many USA jurisdictions, because our ballots can be quite complicated, until someone shows me that hand counting is generally feasible. With 30 issues on a ballot, sort / stack / count can get ugly. Aside: Thank you for your work on elections. I wish more geeks would actually work an election, or at least observe, before spewing about how to fix voting systems. Have you observed central count? I think you'll be less enthusiastic once you understand how it works. In my jurisdiction, ballots are stuffed into an image scanner (like a high speed fax) as they arrive, the votes are detected, any ambiguous votes are "electronically adjudicated" meaning workers alter the database to correct for voter intent or write ins. There's a nightly summary report, allowing people to peek at early results. Add the problems with USPS losing 1% of all first class mail, and the lower end demographics being more mobile (changes of address), you get some real disenfranchisement issues. It's true that vote by mail increases turnout, mostly with primary and special elections. It's also true that vote by mail silently disenfranchises about the same number of people it enfranchises. The correct solution is postal ballots for people who need them, poll sites for every one else. Thereby maximizing the number of people enfranchised and minimizing the number disenfranchised. No election official has ever disputed my 1% statement. They've had plenty of opportunity to refute it (e.g. hearings). I filed FOIA requests with USPS, which they ignored. The metrics are done by a private third party, claiming the data is propriety (privatization allows govt to hide uncomfortable truths). I got the numbers client lawsuit against USPS. Bulk mailers do their own metrics / tracking (using test mailings). They claimed USPS's "UAA rate" (undeliverable as addressed) was higher than claimed, so they shouldn't be charged as much. To the best of my knowledge, there are no USA jurisdictions that manually count ballots for the first count. Manual counting is only triggered by mandatory recounts, and then limited to just the races affected. Most central counts have been using optical mark sense scanners, which are those multiple choice test reader thingies. Douglas Jones has posted online an excellent survey and explanation of various election equipment used. http://homepage.cs.uiowa.edu/~jones/voting/ My jurisdiction is very liberal about trying to count every vote marked, per voter intent. I understand that other jurisdictions will reject whole ballots if there's any problems scanning it. With mark sense equipment, if I ballot doesn't read correctly, it's corrected. Ballots can be unreadable for all sorts of reasons, water damage, unfortunate paper fold, ballot printed askew, etc. Full image scanner are newer. Votes are inferred using image processing (recognition), vs diodes firing off. "Electronic adjudication" breaks the paper trail. To correct for voter intent, they're changing records in a database. Versus modifying / correcting ballots or ballot duplication (copying votes to a ballot which will then scan correctly). Skimmed that paper. Thanks for link. Nice to see Civitas would use a tamper evident log file (rolling temporal hash). Alas, generally, encoding the order of the ballots cast destroys voter privacy. I stand by my earlier comment (cross thread): These crypto based voting systems rely on hash collisions to hide individual ballots within a herd of ballots. Because Civitas encodes votes as ranked preference (to support winner takes all, Condorcet, approval voting), there's even more information contained within each ballot, decreasing the likelihood of a hash collision, increasing the likelihood of inferring each voter's unique ballot. Something did occur to me, however. Right now, all races are encoded onto a single ballot. Making it more likely that every ballot within a precinct is utterly unique. But if each race was split onto its own ballot, then a crypto based voting system might be workable. Hmmm. As loathe as I am to validate a crypto-based scheme in any way, these schemes aren't going away, no small part because the geeks keep pushing technological fixes for perceived societal problems. So I'm somewhat resigned that I should make the most of it, help make sure the worst parts are mitigated. The punditry have learned nothing. Help America Vote Act (HAVA) ushered in the touchscreens in a massive turf grab. Insecure, unreliable, untested touch screens were rushed to market. The same forces are now at work pushing vote by mail and then electronic balloting. For the vendors, is about charging for the upgrade and switchover costs. Anything to make a buck. Election integrity is barely considered. During the hearings to permit casting ballots VIA EMAIL in my state, a retired general now lobbying for the vendors claimed "internet security has gotten really good." Well, shit, if a general says it's cool, that's good enough for me. Bill sailed through legislature unanimously. Because its for the children, err, troops. I talked to many of the legislators about electronic voting and casting ballots via the internet. First, they didn't understand that email was delivered via the internet in the clear. Second, if you're explaining, you're losing. Meaning once you start talking policy, their eyes glaze over, oops, sorry, your five minutes are up. Next! The only way the legislators vote against this stuff is if they feel the heat. Meaning stuff the hearings and their inboxes with opposition. I could go on and on, but I have pancakes waiting for me. Mature commodity items, services tend to be well regulated. Because it's generally better for customers and therefore economic activities. We barely have SLA standards for uptime, privacy, data breaches, etc. It's cool to be a pioneer. But you're largely on your own. A trade off. > I would suggest to anyone exploring online voting that they get a grassroots look at the current process... Exactly. I've worked as poll judge, poll inspector, poll observer, central count observer. I have yet to work central count, but I have mean colleagues who have. When I got started on this issue, I had many many misconceptions about election administration. I mark my ballot, drop in the mail, it gets counted. What could be more simple? Now I know that central count and mail ballot processing is like making sausage. And that electronic voting requires a religious style belief that everything just works. > Secrecy of ballot implies... Voter privacy has traditionally meant before and after casting one's ballot. The "before" part is completely ignored by all the proposed online voting systems. Ditto postal balloting (vote by mail). The Australian Ballot system permits marking one's ballot in private and prevents linking that ballot to the voter during counting. It's the gold standard. We may divine something better. Until then, I'm sticking to what works. Like you imply, that's paper ballots cast at poll sites read by mark sense style optical scanners. Yea. It's one of those ideological dead ends that are hard to back out of. Just like the War on Drugs, Tough on Crime, Privatize and let the Free Market Decide, War on Terror, etc. From what I've read: Audits verify the math, not detect fraud. Fraud detection is a lot more work aka forensic accounting. Stallman is an ultimatist. Just like the NRA, ACLU, NARAL, BBV, etc. His role is to yank the Overton Window back towards rationality. Meaning his job is to create the space for a more constructive policy debate. Stallman is not a politician or a diplomat. Nor should he be. Trading horses and compromise is someone else's problem. We're debating his ideas. In the off moments we're not arguing about his fashion choices and lack of social decorum. Who else do you know is so singularly identified with such a well defined principled point of view (whether you agree or disagree)? Paul Grugman, Noam Chomsky, Chris Hedges, George Carlin? So I'd say Stallman's doing a fantastic job. You've lobbied? I have. With some minor successes. Being unwavering in your principles is a critical success factor. As a lobbyist, I seek politicians that share my values (e.g. protect voter privacy). The biggest challenge with lobbying is education. That whole reality-based thing. I've only lobbied on issues that nearly everyone is in complete agreement over (e.g. fair and accurate vote count), but the details were in dispute (e.g. touch screens are secure, reliable vs all forms of electronic voting are bad). In the case of patents, the original US law states their purpose is to foster innovation. The current game winner's defend the status quo making the argument that the patent system is working. Stallman and other advocates are arguing that patents hurt innovation. Same values. Different policies. Agreed. Also, this is the first I've read that thorium reactors can also use up (dispose) waste. (Not an expert, or even an informed layperson, just a news junkie.) We need to reduce, reuse, eliminate waste and weapons grade stockpiles. Something less evil than using depleted uranium bullets to convert foreign countries into uninhabitable radioactive hotspots. From my casual reading, that's meant traveling wave reactors. Having another energy source is just a happy side benefit. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traveling_wave_reactor Awesome. Thank you. Very similar to the "process" I've witnessed and documented. From memory: 1) Assemble non-experts, non-stakeholders 2) Misidentify problem 3) Establish quorum 4) Do not communicate decisions 5) Everyone runs off in separate directions 6) Assign blame 7) Repeat. Given the challenges of organizational psychology (aka herding kittens), where trying harder won't change outcomes, I support the strategy of multiple competing teams, as detailed in the book Design Rules: The Power of Modularity. http://www.amazon.com/Design-Rules-Vol-Power-Modularity/dp/0...