I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one? In 20 years i'll have my own jet pack and rocket car too. Rosie, can you get the door please? Scaling Twitter: Making Twitter 10000 Percent Faster http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:mfi_ssC0kxwJ:highscalab... (highscalability.com is down. perhaps they need highavailability.com?) People mis-configure Apache all the time. They leave their site wide open for attack. They're vulnerable. Saying it's not a vulnerability when 3,000 sites all have their source code visible to the world is like having your arm chopped off and saying "no it isn't, it's just a flesh wound." I know it's not a cool remote root buffer overflow exploit hat trick 540 front side flip, but it's a security hole which people need to be educated about. Obligatory perl example, pretty messy: U="onelinebot:one.onelinebot";curl -d 'track=obama' http://stream.twitter.com/track.json -u$U|perl -ne'/\"screen_name\":\"([^"]+)\"/&&`curl -d "" http://twitter.com/friendships/create/$1.json?follow=true -u$U`' I think you missed the point. Most people don't own an iPhone. Most people who have iPhones don't exclusively talk to other people with iPhones. And most people don't buy a data plan just to send or view an e-mailed picture message from their iPhone-owning buddies. Music for me. If i'm feeling distracted or can't quite get my thoughts clear, I blast hardcore punk or drum & bass and once my blood gets pumping the productivity begins. Sometimes it doesn't work so well and i'll try something on the opposite spectrum - bob dylan's first album, slow classical piano/strings, etc. Also, and this may sound weird: a trip to the restroom. Sitting on the can for 5 or 10 minutes helps me think about the one problem without distraction. Usually I can formulate an outline there and come back and start typing. I agree. The only workers this would attract are 'hacker hobos'. It's almost the same as the plot to The Seven Samurai - pay us 3 meals a day and we'll work for you. The problem is, you get what you pay for. I think anyone with skill would find a job that would net them actual money, since most people have bills and like to purchase things. For similar services sure, or services which rely on others even if they aren't similar. BK went down and all of a sudden Twitter's throwing 503's. Coincidence, or strain on backend resources from users fleeing to their back-up social network? You can't store everything in memory all the time. There simply isn't a computer built which can do that. Horizontal scaling with commodity boxes and layers of cache are the most cheap and effective method of returning a high rate of requests as quickly as possible. http://www.halhigdon.com/15Ktraining/Stretch.htm http://www.indoorclimbing.com/stretching.html stretch beforehand to prevent injury and after to remove lactic acid and soreness. it's been stressed to me on several occasions that stretching post-exercise is critical, and at our gym we do 10min of yoga after a 1-1.5hr cardio session. i'm still getting used to some of the exercises and my calves need constant stretching or they get tight and painful. They did that at a company I worked for. Really big "X", guy was incredibly smart. Ended up doing absolutely no work because he was "the guy who wrote X" and could get away with it. The memory use is not accurate unless you take shared pages into account. Copy-on-write will make it look like each apache child is using 40MB, when really it's only 10MB private RSS. Use a RSS-calculating script ( http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/misc/meminfo.pl ) to determine the close-to-real memory use. If you don't calculate your maximum memory use correctly you will run into swap with traffic peaks. Also keep in mind that swap is a good thing. Is your app constantly cycling children? This isn't going to allow it to move unused/shared memory into swap. Don't ignore memory leaks by reducing your max requests per child. The forking thing is more of the same. Copy-on-write means it's not going to balloon your memory unless some function turns that shared rss into private. It isn't something that you want to do a lot of, though. I guess the corrolary to this article has to be "Don't let your startup's sysadmins diagnose development-side issues." You'll have to add "Make sure your developers can diagnose development-side issues" to the list as well. Most web app developers I have met do not know how to diagnose problems, or simply defer immediately to the sysadmins if there's no syntax errors or logs to refer to. It is a social game, but i'm not sure how much it's not as social as basketball or any other sport really. Those who don't play for money or to win an executive over (redundant) play in order to hang out with their friends. The game itself has its own interesting skill to acquire, but I guess since it doesn't have an athletic component it's lost in the "shuffle" of old person games. Still, I defer to George Carlin on my opinion about what we should do with golf courses: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C7c-nZIyfc I did something like this. Living as a homeless person is probably the biggest perception change you can have without drugs. People who drink Natty Ice are 35% more likely to live in a southern state and own a pickup truck, and people between the ages of 21 and 30 who drink Pabst Blue Ribbon are 125% more likely to be douchebags. These statistics are true 300% of the time. Mostly security and forensics tools which aren't mainstream. There aren't many practical, mainstream uses for "evil" hacker tools. Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Netstumbler, l0phtcrack, Aircrack, SATAN, Snort, Honeypot/Honeynet, John The Ripper, p0f, Ethereal/Wireshark, Hping2, Netcat, Dsniff. Like others have mentioned, any copyright-breaking tools like MPlayer, DeCSS, rtmpdump but there's no way to say these were written by "evil hackers" (more like hackers who just wanted to watch their own DVDs or download free public videos) Can anyone reply back with a list of known services which would be affected by this attack? Would like to stay away from them until patches have been circulated... You could base your meet-ups on anonymity and uniformity. I've always wondered why these sites focus so much on pictures. I think they should be based on personality and similar interests. Take the pictures and user-ids out of the list of people going to meet up. Also you can add structure to the event. I find people are much more likely to meet a bunch of strangers if they know exactly what to expect and what is going to happen. The social map idea isn't bad at all: you might not get a great idea about a person by their biased autobiographical profile. Looking at their facebook or myspace activity may glean much more insight as to their personality. One of the things that strikes me about dating sites is how they're designed for people who are the absolute best at communicating and putting forth a good impression. If online daters were so good at that they probably wouldn't be trying to get a date online! There needs to exist mechanisms that help people to express themselves. Also, I could just be crazy, but it seems like there's some inherent dishonesty in presenting yourself via online dating. Are you lonely? Horny? Bored? There doesn't seem to be a way to express any emotions or desires that others may share without appearing undesireable. Some way for people to connect based on their emotional state seems useful to me, I just don't know how you'd present it to users (other than perhaps through hidden settings and a "show me users who feel similarly to how I do" list method). Well, he is fucking right. The fucking point being that the fucks in the Perl 5 camp need to get the fuck off their high horse and move on with the fucking business of Perl without being defensive will end up benefiting both these fucking camps in the end. And who the fuck knows, maybe if we get more familiar with both fucking languages we can fucking communicate and improve both fucking codebases? ......... Fuck. Heh... Basically, we don't. Sad, really. It's mostly due to apathy and no mandate from higher-ups to pursue stronger security, but in general our farm is only strong enough to keep generic attacks at bay. 0-days, man-in-the-middle, hell even some SSL vulnerabilities are possible for us. We have a "security team" so we defer most of the security precautions to them and just keep our base software configured not to let anyone unauthorized in. However, utilizing host-based as well as network-level intrusion detection tools, combined with kernel-level and userland-level security patches and mandatory security access control policies is the best all-around solution. Grsecurity for kernel patches, an OS base with strong security in mind (many new distros use things like stack-smashing-protecting patches to glibc), snort for network IDS, tripwire/portsentry/others for host-based IDS, SELinux configured for all your hosts to further enforce your access requirements. And of course, diligence: monitor security lists (particularly the one for your distro/kernel) and update immediately when a patch comes out. I played with Debian for a while and didn't like it. Slightly more annoying to use than rpm/yum. I know lots of people like apt, I just didn't, and I didn't much care for the stable/unstable/testing branches (I assume Ubuntu has the same hirearchy?) This is a side-track, but can anyone tell me why distros aren't packaging their apps to be installable/run-able independently of each other? Eventually people want conflicting versions of software installed (i'll admit very rarely for a desktop user and more for systems whose OS doesn't change as often as their developers' application requirements) and you have to become a fire juggler with your now-custom packages. Just install every single application and library in its own path and use a wrapper to determine default symlinks for the base-system and reference alternatives directly as needed (apps can also link to their preferred library and path this way so that wouldn't be an issue). In fact, I wager you with this filesystem layout you could go much longer without upgrading your OS as newer libraries/binaries would simply be installed to deal with the new requirements and used accordingly. (I know this may sound complicated as hell but it's not much more work than the current man-hours put into setting up individual packages for building across multiple OS revs) And another thing: Jolicloud's "ideas" page is the worst web 2.0 market-speak i've ever seen. I can't take that OS seriously. All I wanna know is: Can I tunnel IP traffic through it? http://thomer.com/howtos/nstx.html You will be reinventing the wheel; that's part of working with open source on big sites. There just isn't one open-source deployment/backup/versioning/etc system out there. Nearly every large deployment/backup/versioning/etc system i've seen has been custom. Most of these details will be specific to the group you're working with and the project's requirements. Don't worry so much about getting the process right or finding a pre-packaged solution. The most common solutions will be the same old tools re-worked and customized to get the job done on that site. I'd say the best thing you can do is put your fingers into every single open-source pie you can and get a feel for it all. The rest is a natural evolution of developing for your target platform. Looks like this 3-D camera he developed has been used in films before. Why didn't they change film forever? Do we expect to enter a new era where everyone uses James Cameron's insane attention to detail in order to make a headdress look realistic, or develop a new language and teach it to actors? The article smells of hype and seems to justify this long-delayed epic "to out-Lucas Lucas." I'm no film buff, but the cinematography of certain parts of the trailer reminds me of the same second-rate "Lets get a really wide shot of this big computer-generated battle scene" effects-for-the-sake-of-effects schlock that's been shoved down our throats for the past 10 years. The Na'vi look really cool. But every time I see a perfectly framed complete shot of a monster leaping out of some shrubs in slow-motion I want to throw a shoe. We get it. It looks cool and somewhat life-like. Now can you please show us something that's designed to evoke a response other than cooing in delight of your wonderful technical achievements? 403's with wget user-agent. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :) wget "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:36-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.100, 74.125.91.101, 74.125.91.102, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.100|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 403 Forbidden 10:11:37 ERROR 403: Forbidden. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :( wget -U "Lynx 1.2.3.4" "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:41-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.138, 74.125.91.139, 74.125.91.100, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.138|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 6,192 (6.0K) [audio/mpeg] 100%[====================================>] 6,192 --.--K/s 10:11:41 (103.07 KB/s) - `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' saved [6192/6192] A brief summary of the /.'d http://www.nookdevs.com/Rooting : take off the plastic casing, remove the embedded microSD card, mount it as ext3 fs, `sed -i -e 's/^\(.\+\)adbd\(.\+\)disabled\(.\+\)$/\1adbd\2enabled\3/g' init.rc`, umount, put sd card back into nook, use android dev toolkit to connect to port 5555 and start a shell This is kind of amazing to me. An open android device with free cellular internet access? If it has a mic this could replace my phone... Agreed. But in my personal experience, most films with generous amounts of realistic-looking CG end up sacrificing what makes films really fun to watch: an engaging story, realistic portrayal and cinematography that brings you into the film instead of sitting in front of it. The visuals are worthless if you can't make people feel something other than "ooh... aah..." and i'm (hopefully incorrectly) assuming this movie - with its highly-anticipated technical wizardry - will follow in the footsteps of its predecessors. I'm assuming you're talking about some kind of atomic file-or-block-level backup such as LVM snapshots? Large files such as databases can change while reading them over a long period of time, so a standard disk image or file copy wouldn't be reliable for a live system. Use SSL. Make sure the cert is valid. And hope nobody comes up with yet-another SSL vuln. edit And hope that they haven't gotten a new valid cert by hijacking mail for the domain, too. edit Or, hard-code the domains and IPs in your hosts file. ... which is something i hate about most browsers. why don't they cache the cert indefinitely and wave a big red flag any time it changes at all? the occasional false alarm due to renewal would be a fair cost for the gain of more notice to unauthorized changes. just to clarify: they could obtain a new valid cert by redirecting the MX to their own mail server and requesting a new one via e-mail, right? or is there another way? Here are some more useful options: * "-C" to exclude all common revision-control working directory files. Lowest filter priority, consider the rest of your args. * Look up backup rsync guides and add snapshot or "--backup-dir" support to your deploys for a cheap alternative to system snapshots and other deployment reversion techniques. * "-E" and "-X" for when you just want to apply execute settings and not blow away whatever custom permissions you may have on your deployed files ("--chmod" is also helpful here) * "--delete-after" and "--delete-excluded" to clean up files you've deleted from your source files. * "--timeout=120 --contimeout=60" Because nobody needs to wait 5 minutes to find out their deploy failed. * "--compress-level=9" * If you have a huge deploy tree, it may be faster (though less reliable) to run find SRC -mtime -8 -print0 > files.txt && rsync OPTIONS --from0 --files-from files.txt DEST This will make a list of only the past 7 days' worth of modified files to attempt to rsync, which may cut down on the total time to deploy considerably. * "--log-file=/big/partition/deploy.log" To get a better idea of how the deploy is going or how it went. * Consider if you need --delay-updates to make the deploy more atomic. If files get deployed a few at a time, will this cause the user experience to suffer? Load as well as long file lists can cause long periods between updates. * If you have more than one developer that can deploy to the site at the same time, consider that rsync should only be your file-transfer tool. You need a whole other layer to account for transaction locking, who is deploying or reverting files, and basic logging is very handy to track down problems. But that's a bit out of scope for this link :) The man page and docs in the source detail how it handles these different circumstances. The short answer is "very robust" and there are options to customize how it behaves during partial or total success/failure. I am not surprised Weta doesn't use Isiton. We've had nothing but problems. But they are cheap. And Aspera rocks . Wait - preserve local edits? That sounds bad. It is a handy tool for dealing with versioning and rollback. But i'd hate to be the guy who deploys a hot fix and suddenly rpm is out of locker entries. i dont really care what hn is about: i found it cute and pointless. maybe thats what the discussions on hn's purpose really are about? whether a story is 'important', 'informative', or purely entertaining. i see no reason not to include all of them. but perhaps a way to separate them would allow some to focus on the generic category they prefer. just my two cents. That is the datacenter our company uses. Cat 5 rated, plenty of power, hosts a slew of EMS and other core services. Some parts of it aren't the best but you could do a whole lot worse in Florida. What intrigues me about this is the possibility of leveraging cheap clouds that are literally racks away. Hmm... It's a cloud provider that doesn't use Virtualization. You don't need Xen or OpenVZ to have a handful of boxes and an API to address them as a distributed redundant machines. (Does anyone even know what Beowulf clusters are anymore?) IIRC opening a file and using link() is about the only portable atomic method of file locking. Works on NFS and pretty much any UNIX. There may have been some other trick to making it work right on NFS but if you're going that far you may just need a lock manager. I agree. If only every client were capable of properly-configured non-buggy NFSv4... Hence why I say the "portable" method is with link(). There are a lot better solutions if you don't have to support crappy clients. i would love to read this except i am using windows mobile and am shown some "use a different browser!" page instead. this is annoying The more you try to become a Hacker, the less you are one. has the cheapest prices out of any VPS by far This is not accurate. There are many VPS's which are cheaper, many of which have much greater capacity for the money. Some are fly-by-night scams. Others have several years of stability with good support. Check forums and VPS review sites to find the best match. That said, I have nothing against prgmr or linode and would use them if I needed a super-reliable VPS. (My main VPS is Linode, my secondary is with Kerplunc Hosting) in your example thirst for knowledge was not learned, it came naturally. if a person looked throught the telescope and wasn't filled with wonder and curiosity, would you say that was a failure in teaching? no, because some people do not care. they are not naturally curious. also there is a distinction between someone who is curious and someone who is compelled to tinker and learn more due to their curiosity. any normal boy may be curious how his RC car works. a hacker takes it apart and tries to obtain the secret to this mysterious device and what makes it tick. i do not believe you can be shown how to have this trait. you can emulate it, but you gave to really obtain a curiosity about all things unknown. is it possible to develop this trait over time? yes. but i think it has to come naturally, and not by a book or FAQ. haven't had it for long enough , but the bandwidth seems spotty (sometimes 500k, sometimes 2mbit, etc) and seemingly high ssh latency, maybe cpu load on my slice. but other'n that good so far with a stripped down/custom distro and FastCGI perl i could make that happen. you could go crazy and use an epoll perl httpd too. backend would be nosql with a small cache in memory. you'd need a decent chunk of bandwidth as gzip may push cpu over the edge, and hope you have fast disks. how many hps is HN anyway, at peak? you could go crazy and use a uClibc buildroot. build it on your desktop and transfer an image to your slice. i use slack, but that's not exactly tiny... To paraphrase Bill Cosby: I said to a guy, I said, "Tell me, what is it about being yourself that makes it so wonderful?", and he said, "Well, it intensifies your personality." I said, "Yes, but what if you're an asshole?" What I find particularly disturbing is the normal emotional and sexual relationships from my own teenage years (just so we're clear: dating people my own age when I was a teen) is now seen as a crime. If the clock was turned back and I was suddenly 16 years old in 2010, i'd be scared just to have a girlfriend. What if her parents charged me with a sex crime because they caught us making out? I feel pretty bad for kids today for having to grow up in a culture of fear, confusion and repression. I was speaking about my state of mind at the age of 16 and these new cases of teens being prosecuted for their otherwise normal relationships. I'm not saying I would stop trying to get girls (who could stop a teenage boy from chasing girls?) but it would inspire fear in me whenever I was anywhere near an adult or authority figure with my SO. It also doesn't take a lot for media hype and rumors to appear as facts to a young person and have an effect on their state of mind. I dread a future where young adults feel these cases are uncontroversial. I think it's perfectly clear why they're doing this: it's a lock-in device. The more people buy these half-assed products that limit their choices and exclude 3rd party support and control of your own device, the more money they can funnel out of you. Oh, you want music? You have to buy it from us. Oh, you want a program so you can be productive? You better hope we approved a recent version of it. Don't like it? Too bad, you already bought the hunk of metal and silicon, deal with it. Make no mistake: total vendor control is not in your best interests as a consumer. It never has been, never will be. If you loved the iPhone but hated all that annoying fits-in-your-pocket and voice-calling and typing , you're gonna be AMAZED at the bullshit we've come up with! Now open your wallets and bend over. I am a crypto noob, so please excuse me if I sound stupid. But why not force your users to pick a password that is at least 8 characters and contains at least one digit, one capitalized letter, one lowercase letter and one special character, then gen a 16-byte salt and run it through SHA-512? The examples given in the article are for 6 lowercase alpha-only characters, which has always been relatively trivial to crack. This brief article I found from 30 seconds in google shows my example at the bottom ('96 characters'): http://www.lockdown.co.uk/?pg=combi I acknowledge that bcrypt seems like a simple safeguard against password attacks, but I don't doubt a hacker's ingenuity in developing a method to make attacks against it reasonable - especially if it becomes widely adopted. And I think once you've lost your password database you're already completely fucked, in one way or another. Folk wisdom of PHP developers? I think the creators of crypt() are probably smarter than this. Password hashes are part of a way to mitigate a particular situation: deciphering a login credential when the password database has been exposed. Shadow files are locked down to root-only because you should never trust people with your password hashes. If somebody has the hash, it's just a matter of time. I don't assume time is on my side. If bcrypt() somehow makes it near-impossible to brute force password hashes in a "reasonable amount of time", we'd no longer need our shadow files to be root-only. We could give our bcrypt hashes out to the world and say, "Ha! TRY to crack this!" But you don't do that. Because you know deep down in your heart, once that hash is out in the open, the game is over. It's possible someone will crack it so you cannot trust it. And if someone got access to your locked-down password database, someone is deep enough in your system to have at least read-only access to your password database. Whether or not they can decode the password they probably have other ways of getting whatever it is they really want, which is rarely just an account credential. I will, however, agree that bcrypt appears to buy you much more time in the event that your password database is exposed. I am skeptical of how much more time that would be under the right circumstances, though, and the potential consequences of CPU exhaustion in the event of some kind of small DoS on the authentication layer. Also: can you please comment on the original point of my post, which was using a complex password in addition to a fast salted hash? When compared to bcrypt and its purpose/results, is this still an inadequate technical solution, and why? (edited to make 3rd paragraph not retarded and add request for clarification) s/^.+(?= Generator)/Spam Subject/ I haven't seen this link on this thread yet so here we go: http://people.redhat.com/drepper/sha-crypt.html Ulrich Drepper's implementation of a work factor in SHA password hashing. He addresses a popular article on bcrypt() and how using SHA allows one to follow NIST guidelines and still have the advantage of a time-consuming algorithm. me@myhost ~/ :) time perl -le'print crypt("some-password","\$6\$rounds=900000\$myrandomsalt")' $6$rounds=900000$myrandomsalt$O4u/Z5FRNBi3fw6YhAM1V1hC1LAawq9Ri65Kx77GchzOWieXeRs6w83bYqotyqBcz.WE29NygNli93dBDAbpt/ real 0m3.996s user 0m3.990s sys 0m0.005s If someone could comment on this in comparison to bcrypt I would appreciate it. Why should we use bcrypt if this exists in modern crypt() implementations? As an "enterprise" SVN user, I have to say I hate SVN "in the enterprise". Who the hell would want to rely on one repository in one location for all their writes? Not to mention delays in syncing changes read-only upstream creating confusion and loss in productivity for remote devs. The HTTP method seems to be one of the most common uses in the "enterprise" because of its flexibility, but it's also the most buggy (in my experience). I know 'wandisco' makes its money off fixing all the typical "enterprise" problems with SVN, but we don't pay for 'wandisco' so we don't have the luxury of a proprietary fix for an open-source problem. I have not used git. But the fact that it is distributed makes me want to try it a whole lot more. The C language does not exist; neither does Java, C++, and C#. While a language may exist as an abstract idea, and even have a pile of paper (a standard) purporting to define it, a standard is not a compiler. That is some Zen shit. For the PDP-7/11? Probably. so, here's my issues with hosting your own mail. it's probably the most difficult common internet service in the world to maintain. there are a litany of sysadmin tasks you must take care of before you even begin with the really tricky problems. the main reason is that e-mail is arguably the most critical of services. you can't afford to miss a critical e-mail, so its imperative it be incredibly robust and fault tolerant. first you have to set up redundant hosts. preferably on different backbones in different colos, unless a majority of your gear is in one place. next you set up the software as secure as you can so there is a minimum window for 0-days and patching can be done in scheduled maintenance windows. then you set up your monitoring to notify you when something goes south, on both hosts. things like queue size checkers and threshold-based statistic alerts are handy. next you set up your spam filtering. THIS IS HARD. i don't care what any old salty dog mail admin tells you, it is an arduous process to properly manage the filtering and blocking and unblocking etc of mail. for a small site, getting aol or yahoo to unblock your ip range may be a great feat. for a large site, 90% of your traffic will be spam and getting every legitimate mail is nearly impossible without subjecting your users to tons of crap. the cost in money and time just to host some free webmail yourself is astronomical in comparison to putting up with an ad and a possible privacy violation from a free provider like yahoo or gmail. if you want your mail handled properly, pay a big e-mail provider to host it for you, or spend a lot moree time and money to do the same thing yourself. c) hide everything in the ventilation system and leave false laptop/files out as decoy There is no explanation of why a filesystem is a bad place to store "binary blobs". If you're collapsing the metrics that you're storing IN SQL there is something really wrong going on. Logs are OK to store in SQL, assuming you're scraping your logs properly and are logging the proper things. Logging every clickthrough in a relational database is somewhat insane. Logging 10 minutes worth of aggregate clickthroughs is perfectly fine. If you think logs should be a ring buffer I challenge you to tell that to any admin of a system that is subject to laws governing the length of time you must store logs (which is pretty much all e-commerce?). if by "solve" you mean "completely redesign modern RDBMS's" you may be waiting for a while. i'm no expert, but my limited understanding is that most of these services provide a singular interface to a database. to be "automatic infinite horizontal scaling" they'd need to support an infinite number of interfaces on any of these commodity servers. i could be wrong, because again i don't fully understand them, but i think that means basically implementing the equivalent of an 'intelligent' distributed parallel fault-tolerant file system. at that point i figure you could add "lots of glue" (heh, understatement?) to MemcacheDB, MemcacheD, MemcacheQ and some other crap and get something similar. but i could be crazy. six billion five hundred seventy million rows? the important part is the difference between a compromised authentication secret and having local control over hardware/software. the password is now out in the open. there is now one more way for someone to root the slice other than getting control over the node(s) running the slice. In effect, No. The computing power required to crack SHA-512 is infinitesimal compared to that for, say, bcrypt. However, modern crypt() implementations support multiple rounds just like bcrypt and that would make it significantly more difficult (time-wise) to crack. But then again SHA-512 is already being replaced due to some potential flaws found, so.... shrug Kind of pointless to crack your password, though. I mean, it's not like you use the same one for more than one account. i know right? after the 16th character in the 96-character set it gets a little tiresome to type but i think keeping my twitter account secure is worth it. This is exactly why I find running your own mail server does not pay off. Fighting spam is a full-time job and should not be taken lightly. Even large enterprises move the majority of their e-mail hosting to cheap providers like Google. (Unless some other company threatens to stop giving you their business if you go that route) do things 'the right way'. high standards are my personal favorite motivation for doing a good job and working harder. if i know the quality of my work matters i will try harder to get it right. in some orgs it seems quality is completely disregarded in favor of 'just getting things done' and respect for the job suffers. i have no idea how martial arts would help my programming other than some kind of meditation-centric art (shaolin?). i do arnis/eskrima, which are philipino martial arts. the hand to hand is similar to muay thai but a little more focus on defense like locks. the stick fighting is neat because your reflexes improve and you learn how to move (good for sparring). i imagine most weapons classes would be good to sharpen your hand-eye coordination. a second auth step through email would just be added into the trojan to capture. they'd go ahead and run the first token for you and display a fake message that it was successful on your machine. then when you get the e-mail in 2nd stage it'd just mitm that too and finish the auth on its side. text would be more difficult to attack with a trojan, and banks use it; i don't see why WoW couldn't. you get trojans via botnets. very effective covert 0-day kits hidden in vulnerable sites, and not everyone keeps up with all security updates all the time - and all it takes is once. "treating weight lifting as cardio" is intended to build muscle that can perform. take anybody who uses a standard lifting program and they'd die 30 minutes into a p90x/insanity/conditioning program. do the same cardio with weight, or weight with more reps, and your muscles adapt to more continuous strain. if you just care about looking buff or losing/gaining weight quickly, do few high-weight reps. if you're training to be a fighter or just want to be highly conditioned, do lots of reps. yes, but if you are careful you can add a weight vest or light ankle/wrist/dumbbell weights and do various cardio exercises with minimal risk (if you use proper form). you should reduce your weight if your exercises are too high impact. small to medium dumbbells in combination with different exercises (squats, lunges, burpees, squat jumps, etc) can definitely give you an edge in your overall conditioning. jump training is very effective with a good amount of extra weight (30lbs or more) - of course watch your landing. even punching for 3 minutes with 5lb dumbbells is insane. "Unfortunately, the RPM based distro's such as CentOS and Fedora do not have 32-bit ELF support so we are, at this stage, unable to offer equivalent images for those particular distros." Wow. I didn't know Slicehost was on crack. Can somebody explain to me WTF they mean that RPM-based distros don't have support for 32-bit ELF files? CentOS and Fedora have been using 32-bit ELF binaries for ever . Modern CentOS distros ship both 32-bit and 64-bit binaries (including 64-bit kernels). All they should need to do is kick a 64-bit image and remove the 64-bit binaries, and change your yum repo to a 32-bit one only. If the initrd was an issue they'd just switch to the other arch's initrd or rebuild kickstart-images with whatever support they need. This is pretty easy stuff. ...? I click it and it brings me to some minimized search/home page. What is this? http://ostatic.com/blog/a-bright-future-for-drizzle I guess this is old news but this is basically a much moreand flexible form of what I was thinking of (I was only considering the infrastructure/fault-tolerant portion of an RDBMS). You could definitely design a well-scaling horizontal cluster using this design; even if the stock components don't support what you need you just modify stuff outside the microkernel. If I was still going to school, i'd get on Chatroulette and ask people for answers to my homework. In Other News: Real hackers will now be monitoring pager communications for the signals sent to these cars and do it themselves without the company website. I think the point should be, if you're caching really really well, algorithmic problems will not matter . Why? I help to admin a site which is algorithmically shitty yet performs big feats of performance and makes bank. Making bank is the goal. If you can accomplish it even with a shitty algorithm via caching, do that . And honestly, for most horizontally-scaled systems i've seen it's not difficult to "turn down the cache" and watch for load issues. And the best way to debug problems (such as algorithm limitations) is by knowing the hard limits of every facet of your system and comparing against current use metrics. Time-consuming but not very complex. * I've been to 5 high schools * Went through 9th grade twice * Dropped out of school entirely * Self-taught everything I know about computers and technology * Work for a large media company doing the job I set out to do for a decent wage Technically i've achieved all the [other] goals I set out for myself as a kid. Time for some new goals... * Not that this is impressive, but finally began working out 5 months ago and continue to stick to it 4 days a week. This is the longest i've stuck to anything besides a job/relationship and I am in the best shape of my life. well, they say the best way to conquer your fears is to face them. my suggestion: get embarrassed. fail. it's a funny thing, fear. fears always make things seem worse than they are. i think you should do something that would normally embarrass you, and when you are done review what happened as a result. then do it again. each time you get in that situation you come to grips with the totality of your fear, and each time you walk away from it you become that much better at dealing with it. i think the thing to keep in mind is that yes, you will fail. yes you will get embarrassed. but after going through it you will learn how to deal with it. i'll bet you after the 50th time playing guitar in public or singing all your fears would be gone. maybe you can extend that to other parts of your life too? i also agree with looking at people in the eyes, smiling and saying hello whenever you pass. it shows confidence and it trains you to cope with people's rejection should they not smile back. I think an even better question is: what does it take to become a real CA? Don't just assume 'oh, it must be really tough' if you don't know for sure. How much money and what kind of resources would it take some to really create their own valid CA just for generating forged yet valid certs that browsers would not flag as invalid when used in a MITM such as those used by the device in the wired article? i'm sorry, but, how is that difficult? most of that involves basic procedures for verifying someone's identity before providing a cert plus an independent party for auditing and other purposes. you don't even need any money, just to set up the basic infrastructure and steps for issuing certs as documented in provided links. i think they basically hinge on the idea that they will match up your CA with real human beings and verify you gen certs safely, but this is not a roadblock for an attacker. i think with time, patience, and an apparent genuine interest in doing things the right way, anyone could get mozilla to accept their root certificate. (and then generate certs for the black market for unauthorized people with loads of cash) Oh, jesus christ. Listen. Just because you can't do any actual work on an iPad doesn't mean I only have a "work computer." It's very rare I use my laptop for work. I use it for my personal tasks and entertainment and thus it is a personal computer. Now can we please stop with ridiculous comparisons like this? I recommend everyone take 15 minutes and look up a guide to configure a 6to4 address on any interface they have with a public IPv4 address. Try with the anycast address first, and if that doesn't work get a tunnelbroker account. My opinion is all these problems can get solved over time only when everyone is first connected to the network. (there are some guides to setting up a gateway for your 'private' hosts, like this: http://74.125.93.132/search?q=cache:gX-Stzp_WdgJ:www.anyweb.... ) this is, to me, evidence of why Perl is a great language. it's not something people pick up to write web apps. you can write very good web apps with it, but there are better options. but you can also use it to write virtually any kind of application - and the libraries and supporting modules already exist to allow you to complete it, quickly and well. you can probably use Perl for a wider array of apps than any other language (largely due to CPAN). i just wish people who don't know how to program with it would stop picking it up and getting things done. my company's 10-year old Perl webapps are still chugging along just fine, btw. Vapid in the sense that it makes no difference? Or that it has no context? Ok, so right now I see ~300,000 (315, but let's round down - because 15,000 hps is nothing, right?). Let's assume DoubleClick has some very big customers who all do lots of traffic. Let's say they have at least 10 big clients like Amazon that could bring their peak traffic up to a theoretical 10x more than the current average of 300K. That's 3 million hits per second, minus adsense adwords etc. That is enormous. Astounding. And from my point of view, impossible to do without an extremely well laid out infrastructure. This number is therefore not just a vapid boast but a telling example of how awesome their network and applications are for being able to handle load of such magnitude. Even if it were only 5x the current load, 1.5 million hits per second is no walk in the park. You can't handle traffic like that without a truly robust design and several really scalable, really reliable layers, from appliances to handle incoming dns traffic all the way back to the app and database servers. According to this document ( http://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:nqfZBBPVbikJ:w... ) in 2006-2007 DoubleClick's peak ad delivery rate was 250,000 with 900 servers (before they switched to using some . Right now it's current average is more than that. I agree it would be nice to have some comparison to their peak capacity right now, but if you consider how tough it is to handle their current load and that they have to account for significantly increased load, the result is a network which is gigantic. To me this means I can rely on them to properly handle whatever meager site I throw at them to serve ads for. 14 and 15 year olds should not be working in sweatshops. what the hell is wrong with the people defending this? this isn't the pampered western worker vs the average 3rd world worker, this is kids being forced to go without sleep and effectively without a life for pennies. fuck that. i know most people will argue something like "they are probably lucky to get it." it's still bad for them, and trying to justify the bad conditions with arguments like 'its expected of them' really exposes a true lack of empathy for one's fellow man and some pretty selfish reasoning. Rant: There is no point in hiding an entire article just because I disable JavaScript (noscript default block). View Source and ooh, there's the story. Even if somebody has a 'good reason' for doing this, it's annoying and i'll just work around it. I mean, if I have the peace of mind to disable javascript i'm just going to find another way to view your content without it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password_policy#Password_durati... Just make your password very complex and the brute force is not much of an issue. Of course, not many people will go for that idea... Probably the best compromise is to review the advancement of password cracking technology over cost and compare that to the required complexity of a password to survive for at least 120 days without being cracked, and make your password complexity at least stronger than that. You can attempt relying on things like bcrypt (if your whole infrastructure happens to support such algorithms) but I think password complexity is enough to thwart most/all attacks. Do the apprentices work 15 hour shifts 6-7 days a week? If so, I believe that is unhealthy, both mentally and physically, for anyone but especially a person whose body is growing and needs more rest than an older person. linode's datacenter offline for 2 hours... and no official explanation. i know everybody's supposed to expect downtime, but it would be nice to know what happened too so i don't just assume it was linode's fault. geez. this makes me want to take some anti-anxiety meds. talking to strangers is very nerve-wracking. The line between active conspiracy and everyone just going along with something because they're easily lead or prefer to believe something a certain way is probably thinner than you imagine. Is The Bible a conspiracy? Is everyone in Christianity secretly in on it? Or are they just going along with it because they like the idea? I don't know about you, but I go for the free cookies & coffee after the service. Criticizing Slackware for lack of modernity would be like criticizing a well-maintained 1957 Chevy for not having power windows or satellite radio. You don't run Slackware to escape from the complexity or configurability of Linux; you run Slackware to embrace those things. A very good analogy for this distro. It is slightly misleading, though, since new technology regularly makes its way into Slack. The problem most people will find isn't the lack of "modernity" in terms of new versions of software and support for features like encrypted root filesystems and modern kernels. If anything I think it's the lack of larger resources [edit: in the way of amount of distro devs, packaged software, software 'polish'] provided by other distros that make Slack daunting. Also, i'd say there is even less complexity and configurability in Slack than most other distros. Each distro brings its own method for dealing with common tasks central to any operating system. Typically these include management of the configuration and operation of local services, network services, and taking care of the heavy lifting of installing complex interlinked applications and libraries. What Slack does is strip all that away. You become the manager of your operating system, not an obscure software tool. What's really beneficial is the experience you gain in working with open source software at such an intimate level. Everyone who wants to really know Linux well should try out LFS once, but then use Slack day to day. Just as a reminder, this will create and install your software as owned with your local user/group. This means your /usr/bin/ and other directories will now be writable by your local user and group. You can pass '-c y' to makepkg to make all directories owned by root:root and mode 0755, which may screw with some things that expect group 'bin' or more tight permissions. I prefer to do 'make install DESTDIR=./PKG/ && rm -rf ./PKG/ && sudo make install DESTDIR=./PKG/ && cd PKG && sudo makepkg -c n -l y ....'. This first tests if the Makefile properly supports DESTDIR (assuming the 'make install' will fail if it tried to install a file to a root-owned directory). If it does, it runs the 'make install' as root with the DESTDIR argument, which will create all the files with the expected owners/perms. I put it all in some shell scripts a while back if you're interested: http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/slacktools/ it sounds somewhat like a vnc plugin in addition to their native chrome applications (if these 'legacy' apps indeed run 'in the cloud'), but could also include wine for windows apps or perhaps a nested X server for native linux apps. but the majority of the article is speculation and a review of recent tech history, so who knows the entire story breaking was based on this principle. he thought it would be best if he basically made a press statement via wired column through a friend who would say all the right things, a day before an official statement by the military. if anyone wants more examples they are not hard to find. now the story is actually about him and not the leaker in question. this kid should run for office. to show how the abs can be worked, go to a pull up bar with a spotter. have them hold your legs bent while you hang directly below the bar. do 5 or 10 pull ups. now have them pull your legs back about a foot or more and do 5 pull ups. usually i can feel my abs strain pretty hard. kiping pull ups work a lot of your core but can be dangerous on temporary pull up bars attached to door frames. What's stopping you? I thought his moral argument was "please pay me for the sheet music so my kids won't starve." Which I agree is ridiculous; he'd just quit writing music and find another job before they died of starvation. I mean, hellooo, soup kitchens are free... so he should subpoena the website for logs of every person she traded his music to and ask them all if they all have the same convenient lack of ability to pay $3.99 online? get real. one person shares with 10, those 10 with 100, and whoops, now he's lost over $400 in potential sales because she wanted to be nice and share. no i can not prove he would have had these sales, nor do i need to. you also seem to ignore his other suggestion: check out the song book at the library. the books are returned, thus as long as the people do not make copies of the books all they can hope to do is memorize the sheet music. if they forget they have to go get it again. if it's already lent out, they have to buy it. as in, an internet of fridges and door locks and cars? good god, the viruses... let's put off the internet of objects until we have a web browser that isn't exploited every other month. i'm pretty sure our mysql boxes do 10 times those reqs on old web server hardware. oracle does about 400, but most people do not need ACID. as a person who deals with tens of thousands of machines/network devices, i disagree that it's a bikeshed. yes you have to refer to a database for specific information. but it can be a huge time saver if the information that is most generally needed is just there, not needing to be looked up. for us, we basically have 4 types of information in a fqdn: datacenter, lan, type of host (web server, database, filer, router, switch, etc) and an additional datacenter identifier. after the root domain comes the datacenter, and if there's an additional subdomain that's the lan. after that is the host name which is a number prefixed by the host type. the number is a randomly-selected number within a certain range. the range indicates what datacenter it's in, so 4000-5999 are in one place and 6000-7999 are in another place (incase whatever you're looking at did not include the subdomains). now we can refer to 'ws1234' and know what it is and where it is. it still has much more specific information, but that can be looked up as necessary. since it's less random it's also easier to read hostnames to people and grep through logs. after having worked with much more confusing naming conventions, i like this simple straightforward method because it's easy to read, talk about, and gives the basic information i need before i look up the specifics in the inventory db. can you do without it? of course. but does that make my job easier or harder? random journalist or insider: "hi, geek squad? can you set up some encryption software that allows me to perform covert communication across the internet? i don't know, freenet or freenode or firefox or something. what? no no, i'm definitely doing nothing suspicious. don't tell anyone, ok?" i'm sure they could get it done, but its much easier to get found out. better to have a simple method you don't rely on anyone else for. the comments are great, especially the 'full of shit' and jessica's. it'd be nice to have more of something you hate? this paradox is troubling. perhaps you should learn to love money, or learn to want/need less of it? examples: don't own an expensive mode of transportation, don't eat out, downsize your living arrangements. i love how they're openly stating it's confusing and controversial so they're going to keep it secret so no one can object before it's completely finished. this will become a barbara streisand pretty quick. last i looked there was nothing free that rivaled Project. other systems like AtTask (shudder) have the same functionality in spades, but poorly designed imho. scripting a basic gantt image creator from some image library and excel files is pretty trivial with perl and other languages. is there any problem with going outside before you have lunch, taking off your shirt and running a mile? this should allow for at minimum 5 minutes, at maximum 15 minutes of sun exposure. With FreeBSD you can be assured that STABLE is stable and CURRENT is current. Releases are taken very seriously, as can be seen by FreeBSD 5 (one of the best OS releases every, IMO) took years to finalize. Point releases are binary and API compatible with .0 releases (ie. 5.5 binaries are guaranteed to run on 5.0) Each time i've tried a "stable" release right out the gate (5.0, 6.0, 7.0) I have had numerous random crashes and bugs in the default install. I always have to wait a few minor revisions for the bugs to be worked out. Of course, i'm a Linux guy, so maybe i'm doing something wrong. i assumed the half of the population who weren't allowed to take off their shirt would wear some kind of minimal sports covering. even an a-shirt or something similar would still expose one to a sufficient amount of vitamin D, perhaps with a few more minutes exposure. it's not wikileaks' job to filter what gets leaked. that's the job of the leaker. you have to understand, there's very little cause to leak classified documents. most people who have classified jobs would be retarded not to assume they could get caught. if they have some matireal which they object to, they weigh it against the possibility of manning's fate (which could be death, or just lots of torture). if it's worth the risk, they leak it. this wild west of anarchy where every secret gets leaked will not exist. but important, controversial things (or whatever could sway the balance of power of any given government) that are worth the risk, will be leaked. for the first time in the history of the world the powerful are afraid of keeping secrets. and that's OK with me. Yes. With a deployment tool that provides an audit trail, an easily searchable log with description of changes, locking, change reversion (not revision), and optional change management and code review. They should get read-only access to the webserver configuration and logs, but no actual write access in production. Just enough access that they can fuck up code in production, but enough checks and balances to make un-fucking the code easy for Operations. Obvious practices such as 'never deploy code Friday afternoon' and 'financial code requires change management approval' also help. Limited restarting of services allowed with big fat e-mail warnings to Operations and dev groups, with audit trail. A lot of those same workers today don't use nose/mouth coverings (save for a bandanna). The rural poor continue to sacrifice for the urban well-off. Not everyone has the benefit of schools with computers. Getting kids in many districts to comprehend basic math or science first would be nice. it's not difficult to control where malware spreads. directly attacking specific ranges is one easy method, as is coding the limitation into your bot or only sending commands to the ones in a certain range. get akamized. you can also build traffic limits into your web stack or OS or network gear if you're afraid of traffic ramps hurting your wallet. like tptacek said, a good DDOS looks like normal traffic, so this could happen if you got slashdotted by 10 different news sites. the case in question involves limited licensed spectrums and companies which have legal monopolies over who can use their network and how. it's like bellsouth requiring you to use an Apple for broadband and comcast requiring Microsoft. it's anti-competitive and unfair to both consumers and any company that may want to compete due to the harsh cost of either entering the market or for a consumer to pay for the expensive new devices or contracts. considering this is the most ubiquitous method of communication in the nation (and probably the world) this is something every government should regulate. i really don't like any aspect of this at all. so, my encryption is not guartanteed, i don't know if it's working, it doesn't cover all network traffic, and isn't shipped by default with any operating systems. i'm never going to use this and i'm never going to recommend it to anyone for any purpose. (sorry, i drank a jug of haterade this morning) what's the point of "more encryption than you have now" if it can be disabled by mitm (this includes the 'wireless networks' cited as a good reason to use it) and you don't even know if it's working? if i want to use encryption, i want to know its encrypted . there is no point otherwise. an example: i'm using an unencrypted network and plaintext protocol. if there's no attacker on the network, my data is "safe." if there is an attacker, my data is effectively compromised. if i'm using this solution around the same network connection and there is no attacker on the network, my data is safe. if there is an attacker, they'll see it's this lame attempt at encryption, disable it through mitm, and my data is effectively compromised. in a real life setting i can't depend on this to secure my data. however, ssh, openvpn, ipsec and other solutions provide assured encryption (unless you screw up the configuration). you don't even need a CA with ssh or openvpn - copy your keys or certs by a usb key once and you immediately have a strong defense against mitm. i'd love to see sites provide a secure encryption alternative to SSL which allows for out-of-band transfer of secure keys and 1-to-1 authentication to prevent a nation's clandestine operations from peeking at my traffic. that probably won't happen though. in the meantime i protect my last-mile access with a secured tunnel; i just pray SSL is strong enough to not be attacked at a hop from my tunnel endpoint to the site. take out 'this document is confidential', add SSN. a lot of false hits, but some genuine government employee records too. also the bush era whitehouse visitors logs which are just kinda interesting to skim through can you give me an example of a connection that can be passively sniffed and not injected into? unless you have some wacky physical media which has no Tx, if you can see their traffic at the very least you send spoofed packets to the destination or source. if you're on the source's LAN you just spoof DNS and/or ARP for either the default gateway or the destination. if you're on the destination's LAN you can spoof the destination or do packet injection. if you're in between either LAN you can arguably do any damn thing you like, depending on network topology and routes. but i don't see a case where i could see the traffic and not do something to either downgrade the connection, hijack it or mitm it. so they're risking their data on an uncertain possibility that a user might catch on that i've been downgrading their sessions and stealing everything? once you explain this to a user, do you think they'll really trust it? considering about every third time i visit a high traffic site with ssl i get a new cert pushed to me, i don't think ssh is a good comparison. also, perhaps i skipped over this, but tcpcrypt seems like a level of encryption well below application, thus if we did get a hijacker trying to 'change the self signed cert' after an initial connection (or just dropping the encryption) we wouldn't know, unlike ssl/browsers. am i incorrect? mainly i feel sorry for this guy because of how out of touch he is. he packs more to be homeless than i pack to go camping and basically tries to emulate whatever he finds to be a stereotypical homeless person. maybe he never worked in food service and thus didn't know american dumpsters are goldmines of safe, edible food? more than anything, this seems like a feeble attempt at a rich person to do something they consider "crazy" so they can have a cool story to tell their friends over caviar. "oh wow, look how dirty i was! ha ha!" this guy needs to get over himself. there's lots of reasons why people become homeless ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homelessness#Contributing_cause... ) and most well-off people simply don't think about the kind of problems people have to deal with just to survive. homelessness is a multi-faceted and complex issue which encompasses millions of people in different situations. there is no way to "see how they live", unless maybe you got some head trauma, a broken leg, asthma and were dumped somewhere you didn't know with no support system and no job skills (compounded perhaps by a self-medicating drug or alcohol habit). do you want to help the homeless? tell your congressmen to pass laws that help them with their real life problems they need to overcome ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homelessness#Problems_faced_by_... ) before they can try to sustain themselves with a job and housing. donate to organizations which provide food and shelter to many instead of handing out money to individuals. give old clothes and supplies (like the backpack & sleeping bag he tossed) to goodwill or a local shelter. mainly the way people can help the homeless is by putting forth resources to help people learn how to elevate themselves above simply surviving, which most people eventually settle for compared to what seems like the immense difficulty of getting a stable job. most of the homeless he encountered isn't most of the homeless. it's a small subsection of homeless in two parts of his town. different parts of different towns have different kinds of homeless. the wikipedia article i linked to explains how a surge of homeless came about, many of them having mental or medical issues. many times those coming back from war have both and end up homeless. and sure, eating what little you can, living outside and a stay in prison may give you better reflexes than a rich computer geek who blogs about being homeless for a week. i don't think many people anticipate being homeless and then go and buy homeless gear. they aren't going to pack themselves a homeless kit. i imagine one would acquire things as they wander, pick up other people's junk, get what they can in handouts, etc. by just buying this stuff you're giving yourself an advantage over the penniless. perhaps it was his interest in only doing this for a week that prompted this "self-donation", i dunno. i refer to this same point regarding phone/laptop/etc. it's feeble because he didn't really appear homeless. he only did it for a week. he just tried to get into places that were more comfortable vs living like the people who were unfortunate enough not to win the lottery. in other words, he was basically trying to game the system and see how good life could be as a homeless person vs how life really is. he's intelligent, well prepared, aware of his surroundings. he doesn't have any particular handicap which could prevent him from eventually just finding stable work. he makes a good point that there are good resources for people who fall on hard times temporarily, but this doesn't account for the majority of homeless who stay homeless for an extended time (or indefinitely). and i found it feeble because he spent more time taking pictures of himself than getting to understand "the freaks" or anyone else but black mike. he experienced homelessness. but through a crystal glass, behind a pompous facade, with the armor of reserves of cash and helpful, resourceful friends. based on the conclusions of his blog, i don't think he learned anything. mainly i don't think you can compare one homeless situation to another and so this kind of "see what its like" scenario is not useful. I try to stack another buck on any time the tip will be You do this in Mexico to get out of traffic stops. Is it a cultural custom designed to get preferential treatment? Yes. But it's also called bribery. this is how matasano got owned. an easily guessable account got broken into and root priv escalation was used. if they were using port knocking an attacker would have had to be in the middle, which is possible but adds an extra 'auth' layer so increases overall intrusion hardness. also, everyone keeps talking up these scripts to stop brute forcing... two iptables rules will do this for you. For hackers: this works the other way too. Let your SO describe what they do to you, even if it puts you to sleep. They'll appreciate it. I completely agree, which is why I wanted someone to give me a task they would find useful vs just academic exercises. Also, I don't know where to begin with projects that need help. Can you suggest a way to find those projects more in need, or is there one using perl/c/python that you're familiar with and needs help? so, without knowing your actual infrastructure, here are some questions/comments. 1. do you have a cache layer? the ability to batch-update multiple of the same event without actually hitting a db (or, shudder, disk I/O) can help you in general and provides an edge during huge spikes. 2. reliable monitoring is hard. you usually need an extra host to check the other hosts, typically with a very low resource service/protocol like snmp, ganglia, collectd. send alerts based on threshold or ramping. also try to benchmark your service and get numbers on the amount of memory, cpu, hps etc. that will make it tip over and set hard limits in your applications/servers. 3. i don't know your hoster or how they scale, but i'm a big fan of ultra low cost VPS's that dynamically scale. i wouldn't rely on any single hoster for my entire site, but for excess capacity there are dozens of good cheap providers you can scale out with. i don't usually look at amazon because of (iirc) the huge cost for short return. but definiely look to see if you can expand your hosters for DR. it's funny you bring this up because we were just discussing site performance at work today. what i took away from it is this: speed is mostly relevant when there's a competing product providing similar value and you risk losing business due to inferior user experience. if google were far better than their competitors at providing what users want (relevant search results they don't have to dig through) they could take 5 seconds and it wouldn't matter. the added value of getting what you want on the first try at the top of the page would keep people using that product. yes, 500ms can seem like an awful lot when you come from a world of 250ms. but if the results returned from the 500ms are significantly better, you bet your ass users will sit through double the time to get better, more reliable results. IANASEOE, YMMV, HBD, ETC. but for us, yes. the site of my company was balls slow yet managed amazing feats of capitalism, mostly due to a faithful userbase in the face of faster and cheaper alternative sites. value won out. an example: Steam, the game delivery system, takes longer to deliver and properly execute games than it takes to buy one from the store, install it and run it. but you get more value from steam so people sit through hours or nights/days worth of downloading to run its games. so you don't have a backup of any of your data? this is why i love hacker news. the more you know about where your food comes from, the better. maybe you wouldn't eat that burger if you knew the pesticides, hormones and antibiotics that go into it. maybe you wouldn't eat that shellfish which may be full of birth control hormones. and maybe you wouldn't eat that genetically modified corn. in the bigger picture, eating a dead wasp seems like the healthy choice. i am not a geneticist, but i look at any change without lots of historical data and studies as alpha or beta quality and i assume a possibility for bugs. online is not a backup. there is a reason we back up databases to magnetic tape, store them in remote locations, rotate tapes and test their integrity. use a password keyring! mozilla provides one if you enable master password and sync your profiles between home and work. kwallet, gnome keyring and keepass are other alternatives. i was working on backporting a gaim master password patch to pidgin but haven't had the time to finish it. if you write down some passwords on paper and put them in your wallet, rc4-encrypt them with a master password and write down the base64 equivalent. there should be plenty of free javascript decoders for base64 and rc4 so you can decode them wherever you can find a browser. (yes this is paranoid, but if people know you keep passwords in your wallet it's trivial to get your pocket picked) If you're keeping ALL of your user profile data in ACID-compliant databases you're probably doing it wrong. Large modern websites store tons of information about a user which may not in any way be necessary to even keep for anything other than data mining, or perhaps preferences, click/hit tracking, etc. I can't see how such data is important in any way in regards to finances or trades, so why it couldn't be done on a much-less-resource-intense database solution I don't understand. Moreover, the cascading effect of a database failure is made much worse by putting all your eggies in one basket and depending on this one cluster of databases to keep the whole ship afloat. In a good design scenario, much of the site should still keep operating even if the backend databases are timing out from load. For example, your cache layer (if not expired) should continue serving cached content/logins/etc. This may not be as useful for clients that sign in randomly or throughout the day, but for people who use the site frequently or stay logged in throughout the day their sessions should stay active in this scenario. The content in the user profile which doesn't require ACID compliance could also be using caching and nosql/mysql/etc which would keep the apps working even longer in the event of an outage of a particular piece of technology. Because this technology doesn't require some of the more complicated requirements of Oracle RAC it may also be easier to recover/restore old data, again assuming this doesn't have a particular need for ACID. I completely agree that you should not ride on the sidewalk. It's much safer to ride where cars are looking: the road. Wave, use your lights, anything to get people's attention, and assume the cars do not see you. However. If it's night time, and i'm riding up a busy 45mph street with no bike lane, you bet your ass i'm riding the sidewalk. I'll be paranoid and stop at every single vehicle or pedestrian crossing, but i'll ride the sidewalk. I know the kinds of people that drive these streets, and I know it only takes one asshole veering 12 inches into the side of the road to send me flying at a pole and potentially back into traffic. Drunk drivers, drivers on cellphones, people not watching the road, people looking for loose change in the glove box, or just freak accidents. Any single event could kill you on a bike. Where I live we don't have the luxury of taking up a whole lane of traffic to bike safely - if you do, the least you get is harassed (horns, trash thrown at you, threats). If they're driving an expensive car you're more likely to get run out of the lane because they know they own all the lanes. https://wiki.softwink.com/bin/view/Main/SaganFAQ#Why_Sagan http://www.darknet.org.uk/2010/07/sagan-real-time-system-eve... Pretty good system to correlate different events to get a better picture of a potential intrusion. If you're familiar with Snort I recommend checking it out. The second strangest part of this outage (to me) was that the cluster "was quickly overwhelmed by hundreds of thousands of queries a second." Does Facebook not have a way to curtail the number of queries being sent to its databases? I'm not a highly experienced programmer or dba but i've seen mod_perl websites that can do this with their API layer. It was engineered in once it was realized the database cluster could only do so many queries and connections at a time and they didn't want to lock up the database servers. The strangest thing to me was that the clients had the permission to essentially cause a race condition across the whole site. From what I understand, the client ran an API call which either forced a re-fetch of a key which apparently only needed to be fetched once (and thus theoretically could have been staged in advance using a database application not running on the frontend site which could update the cache and prevent a database fetch, or just update the database, whichever was more necessary), or failing the database connection due to the aforementioned thundering herd of QPS it also triggered a re-fetch from the db (which again could have been prevented by a db app pre-loading the new value). So, if my outsider's idea of how Facebook's code works is accurate, this could have been prevented if either the cache/database was "pre-fetched" in the background not using client API calls, or if client API calls simply weren't allowed to all modify [and read] from a single key in the database. The latter point seems less likely than the former, but possible. (Sorry if i'm speaking out of line or as an uneducated FB user, but according to these comments and RJ's breakdown this is how it appears to me) I could just be misinformed/sleepy, but why can't we all just multihome? Upgrade or replace (tech refresh, anyone?) all gear which doesn't natively support v6 and start running both networks at the same time. You hardly need to support anything but the routable address space of v6 if the device is configured for a v4 network, and applications can get patches to prefer a v6 connection (apparently even though some applications claim to try to make a v6 connection first, it doesn't usually work for me in practice). This at least buys you the time and flexibility of transitioning the chicken while the egg finishes gestating/maturing. We all realize that every v4 frontend server has to support v6 before clients can be transitioned. However, I don't see a problem with giving everyone a v4 and a v6 in the meantime while the servers are upgraded. This means middle-man upgrades first, and basically every link between an internet host has to natively support both ipv4 and ipv6. If you just used RAs you don't have to support dhcpv6 yet, and dhcpv4 handles the stuff RAs don't for the clients. Perhaps i'm over-simplifying. (edit) Also, completely separate thought: why the hell isn't Obama offering a discount to help transition like they did with TV? That was a pointless upgrade while this is a real looming problem. Can somebody get Google and Microsoft in a room and make them form an IPv6 lobby? Reason #3 is a good one. In Perl i'd make DBDs for all the NoSQL solutions I had to use and tell my devs to use that, but what else could we do that'd be more language-independent? The short term benefit in my proposal is being completely backwards-compatible and avoiding the problems of tunneling and other proposed workarounds while providing IPv6 routing where necessary. It doesn't "fix" the problem of running out of IPv4 address space (unless a given ISP decides to switch to IPv6-only, require its customers to upgrade, and turn on a multihomed IPv4 address for extreme cases). What it does do is allow the transition to take place. Everyone should be shouting at the top of our lungs at ISPs to support this so we can get this chicken/egg scenario over with. People are basically in denial. The cost is never going to be null and everyone has to move eventually. Server admins actually have the bulk of the responsibility here for getting the whole internet migrated to IPv6. It's their services we want to use and network addresses are just a way of getting to them. The problem is they have seemingly no accountability. I tried to hold the admin of xkcd.com's feet to the fire and I got rebuffed. Unless there's a substantive potential for their customers to abandon them they don't really give a crap (hopefully because they have other things to take care of). And in the meantime they can claim they don't need to move because the rest of the network isn't ready for them yet. So tell ISPs to multihome already and we can then start telling server admins to get their shit together because the rest of the network is ready for them. I can't edit this post anymore so another random comment: ssh doesn't work with link local addresses. I just set up an ad-hoc wireless network between my two laptops and tried to ssh from one to the other. The addressing works because I can "broadcast"-ping both networks successfully: psypete@pinhead:~$ ping6 -Iwlan0 ff02::1 PING ff02::1(ff02::1) from fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2 wlan0: 56 data bytes 64 bytes from fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.055 ms 64 bytes from fe80::20e:8eff:fe13:5741: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=2.23 ms (DUP!) But unfortunately it seems ssh doesn't know to set its sin6_scope_id for the interface of the bind address I tell it. psypete@pinhead:~$ strace -e trace=network ssh -6 -b fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2 fe80::20e:8eff:fe13:5741 2>&1 | grep AF_INET6 bind(3, {sa_family=AF_INET6, sin6_port=htons(0), inet_pton(AF_INET6, "fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2", &sin6_addr), sin6_flowinfo=0, sin6_scope_id=0}, 28) = -1 EINVAL (Invalid argument) (edit) Wait, nevermind, i'm a noob. I have to specify the scope ID in the address with the postfix '%wlan0'. Adds to the list of new crap to memorize for IPv6 transition > I completely agree. But I can't think of a way to solve this. Charge people more to use IPv4-only networks and make it slower. Oh, wait...... If you're hardcore you can even get a treadmill to go with it. So in a recent episode of PAX TV they showed one of the penny arcade creators had a gaming system installed in front of a treadmill. Obviously programming's going to be a lot more difficult while walking than playing a video game, so perhaps program the treadmill to move forward a few feet every 30 seconds or so? It might be enough of a small change that you can learn to ignore the small movement while standing and may keep the body from getting stiff. I like the aspect of not jumping on the old 'lets reinvent the wheel again' and 'we need a new tool for an old problem' bandwagon. Sysadmins should not be wasting their ever-shrinking valuable time writing code (that they probably aren't even experienced enough to write well) when they can pick a 'product' like xargs or wget off the shelf and get the job done in a tenth the time. Add to this the fact that modern computers are more than powerful enough to handle complex computing tasks and the cloud is often very costly for the same computing power as you'd find on your desktop and you end up doing it faster and cheaper using a standard Unix workstation and tools. However, it's a mistake to think this 'taco bell programming' is somehow a good model for actual programming, or even some sysadmin tasks. This should be renamed 'Taco Bell Kludging'. Because that's mostly what we're talking about: using a quick hack/kludge on a command-line to finish a job quickly instead of programming. In terms of actually building a scalable, fault-tolerant solution, sometimes the Unix tools just won't do. Don't shortcut and cut yourself off at the knees just to save time. People, NTLM hashes have been dead for years. Stop using them. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/299656 Am I the only one who was just inspired to reduce his 'friends list' from 145 to 38? Yes, the article I point to is concerning LM hashes, but NTLM hashes are almost as bad - and you can stop using them. This URL shows you how to force NTLMv2: http://windows-secure.net/O.Reilly-Securing.Windows.Serv/059... The idea is to try to force Kerberos authentication only. I can't find any tips on forcing it explicitly (even through group policies) but perhaps there's a firewall method to disable any [NT]LM auth and only allow Kerberos auth. I think some specific services may only allow NTLM (such as Telnet) and some services (such as IIS) may have to explicitly be configured to use Kerberos. (edit) I should mention that I am not an expert on configuring Windows domains or their authentication (obviously) but according to some random guy I asked in IRC, if the SPN is set on a calling ID for a given service, Kerberos will always be used (or attempted anyway) and enabling TCP instead of UDP for the communication may help it get through firewalls etc (and solve some other login-related problems with UDP attempts). However, I think NTLM is the only one that can get through all manner of proxies, firewalls, etc (for IIS for example). What I don't get is why people thought this was some heretical nonsense? It makes total sense, and is kind of obvious when you actually consider the design. A car with a big sail on it would only be powered by the wind and probably not exceed the wind speed, because nothing else is driving it. But it was clear that this thing had two power sources: the force of the wind moving it forward, and the force of the prop pushing the air backward (that may sound totally retarded, I know nothing of physics) and propelling itself forward. It's as if people just stopped thinking once they hit the conundrum part of it and purely started trying to form reasons why it could not work, and didn't really question or analyze it with the possibility of them being wrong. If someone ever produces a good book of best practices for sysadm/syseng, please provide examples like these of why it's important to follow these best practices. Yes, we've all made silly mistakes. But if you're in that design meeting and somebody asks, should we do ABC in case of XYZ, try not to think about how complicated or time consuming it might be to do ABC. Think about the worst case. If not doing it could at some point bring down the whole business, perhaps you should ponder it some more. Actually, screw a book... Does anyone else want to start some wiki pages their experiences with screw-ups, the causes and the solutions? Does this exist in a comprehensive way and I just haven't found it? Thanks, i'll give this a read. In my experience the best solution for a large-scale dynamic site is a combination of read-only access to production and deploy management. Deploy management is the combination of a change management system with a deployment tool in a flexible way. So for example, with the right options, in an emergency the manager of a team of developers could deploy anything to the site immediately without requiring approval from change management. The tools are still right there to revert any change, and of course there's snapshots and daily backups for the most critical data. Except for emergencies, all changes to production would come with an approval from a higher-up with potential code review back-and-forth first. Contact data and reversion capabilities are built in, so everybody knows who did what, how to contact them and how to revert it if they're unavailable. And of course your trending data will tell you when your peak use is and code pushes are typically frozen during that time, minimizing further potential loss. However, besides having read-only access to production, devs should also have two kinds of testing: "development" and "staging". Development is where the bleeding-edge broken stuff lives and code is written. Staging is an identical machine to those in production. Often you'll see test or qa machines which aren't identical to production, usually because changes aren't pushed to them the way they are in production. The staging machine gets all changes pushed to it like any other production machine, except it lives in a LAN that cannot access production or anything else. A method to reproduce incoming requests and sessions from production system to this staging server will give you a pretty good idea what "real traffic" looks like on this box, if you need it. What the average person should understand about high paying jobs is: it's bullshit. One guy gets paid half what another guy gets for doing the same job. You can analyze it any way you want, you can compare markets and the critical nature of the job crossed with the experience and yadda yadda. It's bullshit. Many of us have worked with people making tons of money and they just don't seem to have a clue... That's because they're good at bullshitting. The pointy haired boss, the brainless engineer, or my favorite, the government employee who gets mid-6 figures for re-filing someone else's paperwork. What the average person doesn't understand is they can easily get the high paying job if they can bullshit well enough. And we all suffer because people like this keep getting hired and we have to deal with their bullshit. Why some companies have great hiring practices and others are a joke, and they pay virtually the same, I have no idea. But if you can bullshit, there's a high-paying job waiting for you somewhere. Google web cache for those who can't get to non-standard ports: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:E3WJ19... Some more interesting tidbits on how to write exploits: http://x9090.blogspot.com/2010/03/tutorial-exploit-writting-... Please don't call someone fat and lazy, even if it is more direct. People respond better to courteousness than rudeness. The countermeasures you can use today to counter web server resource starvation attacks are: * Turn off keep-alives * Turn MaxRequestsPerChild/Thread down to a minimum * Set your timeouts low * Set your MaxClients/Threads to a number your server can handle * Enforce LimitRequest* settings * Enforce cpu runtime, memory, and other limits on CGI to prevent an overly-zealous set of web apps from loading your boxes * Don't accept POST and other methods if you don't need it, and enforce a maximum POST size in your web apps * Play with mod_antiloris, mod_qos and mod_evasive and see which works best for your application. * Use a single iptables rule to drop more than X connections at a time from any host You're right that a stupid attack like a plain-old DDoS using normal machines to make normal requests is probably the most effective. After blocking tor and anonymous proxies there's only a few other ways to block a large number of different addresses from flooding your site, usually with packet analysis on # average connections per host and repeatedly requested URIs, but those aren't as trivial to implement as the settings above. Yes, i'm pretty sure being courteous is what causes people to become fat and lazy. It has nothing to do with diet, exercise or a sedentary lifestyle. Actually I wasn't aware of such a feature, it's kind of neat. But no, that won't help with this attack (the filter works only on HEAD and GET methods, and this attack is about the content after a POST). It looks like this filter deals with reducing the CPU required to handle the request portion of an initial HTTP connection. I suppose this could help with preventing the server from being starved of resources for an attack on solely transmitting an HTTP request, but that could be mitigated by a 5 or 10 second timeout on getting a HEAD/GET request from the client initially (which should be reasonable even for dial-up and mobile connections). And I personally haven't ever seen a DoS attack on a proxy layer that ate up more CPU than any other resource, so I don't see this filter as being a significant advantage over the basic tuning you can do with connections on the proxies. Oh, and as tptacek mentioned, a reverse proxy like varnish can definitely help in different DoS scenarios. I haven't used varnish in the real world so I can't speak to specific advantages, but in general, dedicated reverse proxies are a great way to offload initial processing, provide more resources for a high number of connections and deal with host-level attack mitigation so the app servers don't have to waste time on it. Haven't searched much yet - does this have anything to do with the Skype protocol encryption being cracked and the people responsible leaking POC code before they release it to the world this month at 27C3? Heh, well it's going to be a concern again after this month. IIRC they said they are going to release a more complete tool to let you explore the Skype network in general (besides just decoding packets for sniffing). In theory you can penetrate corporate networks wherever there is a Skype client running, and if they found a bug in an old version of Skype it's possible they could send a worm through the network and take out a lot of machines. But maybe it is more likely that it was just an innocent bug. I just asked the question because it seemed like a big coincidence that Skype should go down right before these guys do a big exposee on the protocol and encryption. I'm pretty young and uneducated (which means don't listen to anything I say), but it seems to me that wars are profitable. Arms and heavy vehicle manufacturers create jobs which stimulate our economy, and the foreign nations and international banks that control our debt get to dig a little deeper in our pockets. It sort of helps everyone but the enemy. After the war we get more money by "winning" contracts to rebuild what we've blown up - but slower and more inefficiently than is necessary, with lots of extra cash mysteriously disappearing once it reaches foreign soil (the equivalent of a CEO bonus, but instead for CIA and whoever else need a payday for ensuring the war goes off without a hitch). But I could be wrong. (Also, what's the alternative to the Dollar and Euro? Micro-economies? Maybe an economy built out of dealing with a massive number of differing currencies and economies?) Hopefully-constructive criticism/additions: * If your ssh connection took forever, it doesn't really matter if it's a load-issue or bandwidth-issue. The site is ungodly slow and so will be your admin access time. Kill the site, put up an "under construction" sign, fix the performance issue, bring the site back. Link to a google-cache, web archive, or other version if possible in the meantime. * Don't waste time running a ps. If you're running apache, just grep for MaxClients in the error log. Actually, there's really no point in checking because if you're being slashdotted, you hit MaxClients, I guarantee. * Top isn't going to give you an accurate amount of memory used per process. You need to check smaps and some other things and all of that will take too long. Remove all modules except what you need to serve whatever static content you want to get out there during the slashdotting. You definitely do want to reduce the memory any way you can if you're constantly swapping and its loading you to hell (confirm with vmstat/mpstat/iostat). * `killall -9 httpd` works faster. * Your estimates of ram per client are going up when they should be static (25MB for 512 RAM and 54MB for 4G?). If you're lucky your app won't even actually use up all this valuable memory - Copy-on-Write will save as much space as it can unless the individual process needs to reserve some anonymous memory in the process. Once you unburden yourself of extra modules (run 'ldd' on the individual apache modules if you want to see all the shit they can load into your box at runtime) run apache with one or two processes to test and look at the memory use, and go from there. * I'm kind of on the fence about this one, but in some circumstances it can help a little to reduce MaxReqPerChild to something stupidly low, like 100-1000. You risk overloading with i/o when your process reaps and a new one loads up, but if your processes keep swelling up with more memory as they run (hi mod_perl!) killing them off and starting new may help you. * Honestly, in a slashdotting situation, use 'wget' or 'curl' to take a snapshot of your dynamic page(s) and put those in place as static files to be served to users. If you don't have a proper caching layer don't even worry about your database because you will almost invariably kill it with queries, which will kill your webservers. If you want a 'dynamic' version of your site to show to people that updates regularly, set up a cron job to wget the dynamic pages every 1-2 minutes and overwrite the static copy (but for god's sake make it back up the old copy and only move it if it's not empty or an error page). * Looking for the biggest files is good. You can also grep and sort the apache logs to see which files are being requested the most, and staticize/shrink them however possible (css/jsp can have excess whitespace removed with some tools, images can be shrank with 'convert', dynamic pages can be made static as above, etc). `cat $LOG_DIR/access_log | sed -e 's/.*] "/"/' | sort | uniq -c | sort -g | tail` (sort doesn't print the count with 'sort -u' ... somebody should add that). Oh yeah, and anything that prints a log? You should disable that now before /tmp or /var fills up. So I have an idea. For HTTPS responses that are cached to disk, 1. do we care about the security of the files on disk? 2. if so, do we do anything to actually secure this content on disk? If 2 is 'No', could we perhaps encrypt the content with the SSL cert (or some piece[s] of it) before written to disk? Say you have an app you want/need to benefit from caching but the cached data contains sensitive information you'd like to make it harder to get at from a long-term perspective. Take some unique bits (or lots of bits; they're kind of small) and encrypt the cached data with it, and make a hash so you can reference where this cached item came from without explicitly noting where it came from. This would let you store the data with the knowledge that if somebody recovered a hard drive with this old data it would be difficult for them to figure out where the cached data came from and how to encrypt it. I realize i'm basically asking to use public information to encrypt private data. This can't be too difficult to 'hack' around but you'd need to know what website and certificate created the cached copy (so those entries should probably leave the 'history' as soon as the browser exits). I'm not too familiar with SSL certs in general so to add extra protection you can add something like Firefox's Master Password to the encryption scheme so it's "genuinely" encrypted without data which can be found or guessed like in the SSL cert. Sorry if this is off-topic, just popped in my head and now i'm curious. Yes, but how many web developers are in a position to decide how their documents are cached, and of those, how many care to? If it's in the web browser I can determine how sensitive data is handled so I don't have to rely on all web developers to do the right thing. Also, this may be a completely separate issue, but shouldn't persistent cookies set over https also be encrypted on disk in some way? If a bank website was found to be setting persistent cookies over https, i'd sure want the browser to be encrypting that cookie in some way before putting it on my hard disk. Again, I don't know if browsers already support this, but I think they should. We're no strangers to love... A full commitment's what i'm thinking of... This reminds me how some companies still run old web apps on huge server farms made of boxes with 4GB of RAM. They're basically building in a limitation so the programmers can't try to gain performance boots via memory caching if they wanted to. Also consider that though the article indicates a ~$900-1000 for a full 24GB system, it may be only ~$3000 for a S5520SC-based system with 96GB. I suppose one would be good for horizontally-scaled web caches and the other for big databases or whatever funky app might make tons of random seeks over a large dataset. My $0.02: I don't like the idea of ordering something which I have no idea if I will like (not that I can tell if that would happen as there's not much information). And if the point is to just find clothes that females approve of I can go on some women's fashion forum and ask them directly, then go find it in the store and try it on. I think "personal stylist online service" is a more useful business model than "send me a shirt that look nice". I can buy a shirt, but i'm probably doing the rest of "style" wrong and could use tips tailored to the rest of my appearance to make myself more professional or attractive looking. Portraits of the 16 people killed last month in PGC: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01... https://awesome.naquadah.org/wiki/Irssi_tips (also: "/set beep_when_window_active ON" "/set beep_when_away ON") I use irssi bell on message combined with tmux's status bar notification on bell from a panel. When I get a message, irssi sends a bell to the tmux panel, and the tmux status bar at the bottom signifies I should go check the window/panel irssi is running in. (tmux is a slightly more user friendly and horizontal/vertical split alternative to screen) Do we really care if our users' password "password1" is cracked? If we're not going to enforce complex passwords then trying to fight brute force cracks is pointless. They can just check the 1000 most commonly used passwords and net a tenth of the accounts. On the other hand, enforcing a strong password would make it virtually impossible no matter what the algorithm. It's 1-factor security, so it will only ever be as secure as 1-factor; if you can steal it you have access. I can take someone's debit card to the bank drive-up window and empty the account, so yeah, I wouldn't worry about if you carry a debit card around. i can use a debit card in stores and online without a pin, and take money out of the bank without a pin at the drive-thru. if all i need is a card that's one factor. The book Bridge to Terabithia (of which a 2007 film was adapted) was at number 8 on the ALA's list of frequently challenged books because: "The censorship attempts stem from death being a part of the plot; Jess' frequent use of the word "lord" outside of prayer; concerns that the book promotes secular humanism, New Age religion, occultism, and Satanism; and for use of offensive language." Maybe it's better we don't have a similar process. Haha, that's awesome! The FTP scene is so big they need distributed ftp agents to FXP their wares? I always thought their drama and "wars" over shit like sharing files (....like it's not going to happen? not like they're using DRM or something) was incredibly overblown, even as a kid. Glad to see they're just as retarded now as ever. So browsing graphical tabs is quicker for you then using "Ctrl+RightArrow" or "Ctrl+n" or some variation of one of those? Traversing my screen or tmux sessions is usually much faster than using a mouse.