Being able to choose a place to live strikes me as so American; reading the article I realized I've never considered the possibility of living anywhere else than where I was born (Paris). In fact my mother was born less than half a mile from where I was raised, and today I live less than two miles away from there, 35 years later. I feel a little bit like a tree: if I move I'll probably die; besides, what's the point of traveling if you don't come back to your friends to tell them about what you've seen? The "virtual city", however, changed everything; I check Reddit everyday (or more accurately, every minute! damn addiction), watch The Daily Show, read Slate; the problem is I have a hard time finding people to talk about it. "In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents?" -- Mark Twain It's funny how little has changed in more than a century...? I don't know, I never tried. I don't understand why mobile devices have so little "RAM" when they have fixed storage in the tens of Gos that is effectively made of memory chips...? What is the difference between the two kinds of memory, and why isn't more RAM added? Is it a cost problem? a size problem? both? Or is the CPU not capable of addressing more RAM...? I get htmlspecialchars() [function.htmlspecialchars]: Invalid multibyte sequence in argument when trying to access the homepage? http://i.imgur.com/K390I.jpg Although visited links are quite visible on HN, I sometimes end up clicking on articles I've already read; marking them as "hidden" avoids this (as hidden articles are non-clicable). Articles can be "unhidden" ("show" link); hidden articles are remembered between sessions, for 7 days (since articles move rather rapidly on the front page there is little point in remembering the status longer -- should maybe be user-configurable though). The "option[s]" page has just one option for now -- open links in new window. I wrote it for me and I use Chrome; also, it uses localStorage to remember preferences, which is not available everywhere (I couldn't get it to work with recent versions of FF for example). But if there is demand I can try to repackage it as a greasemonkey script (Chrome extensions are essentially greasemonkey scripts anyway). Once it's installed, if you reload the page you should see a "hide" link below each article, after the "comments" or "discuss" link. If you don't see it, it should be either that you're browsing HN on a different domain than "news.ycombinator.com" (?) or that you're using a version of Chrome http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html but some things are not totally obvious so I might compile what I've learned in a blog post, yes! Wow. You're quite the debugger! ;-) It was indeed the problem (you had to have options before you even used it!) Fixed it in 0.1.2. Fixed in 0.1.2. Sorry about that. Update: version 0.2.0 adds 2 options: "autoHide" (hide articles when clicked) and "collapse" (remove articles from the list instead of blanking them) Version 0.3.0 adds collapsible comments. Nobody's addicted to air. You need air: just enough to get along. But you don't try to inhale as much as you can; you don't get sick getting too much of it -- although there is enough air around to inflate yourself like a balloon if you were actually addicted to it. Addiction is when you take too much of something; under 5 cigarettes a day don't give you cancer; 1 glass of wine a day actually makes you healthier. But if you get addicted to tobacco or alcohol (or bad food) these things end up killing you. Incidentally can modern addictions pg's talking about, really kill you? Can you die from Internet addiction? Porn/TV/Farmville addiction? If they can't kill you can they be called "addictive"...? I don't think this example, however sad, is valid: - addiction should harm the addicted, not somebody else - from the article: "The girl, who was born prematurely and weighed 5 pounds (2.25 kilograms), was often fed rotten formula and was beaten when she cried out of hunger, the affidavit said." so what killed this child is not "Internet addiction" but being born to abusive parents... "Identifiers should not carry meaning": for some reason people just hate this rule and try everything to circumvent it. It drives me crazy too. I built an extension for Chrome that lets you hide articles + collapse comments (HN HideIt); it's here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/dibillbafbngeilo... Best passage of the letter from Wikimedia to the FBI: «In your letter, you assert that an image of an FBI seal included in a Wikipedia article is “problematic” because “it facilitates both deliberate and unwitting violations” of 18 U.S.C. 701. I hope you will agree that the adjective “problematic,” even if it were truly applicable here, is not semantically identical to “unlawful.”» Exactly. Just because the FBI doesn't like it doesn't make it illegal. Yahoo Search API (whatever its real name is... BOSS or something?) is also fantastic and much superior to Google's (which isn't even really a search api). Uneven does not necessarily mean "some good, some bad"; it could mean "some bad, some terrible" or "some good, some fantastic" or any combination thereof. In fact, taken literally, it is devoid of meaning, because any group of human beings can be described as "uneven" for any descriptor one can think of. But it is not used literally in the article; it is used as a euphemism for "bad", as opposed to the quality of Google engineers (which one guesses is "even"...?) Now you're playing with words; assume what you mean. > One argument was that the adventurous sailor would be subsumed by the cobbler or tavernkeeper in the mating game. True, but he wouldn't be subsumed by the beggar, now would he? Well, if the beggar is Diogenes... The main counter argument is that most world conquerors are not especially fertile; Napoleon had maybe six kids (max.); Alexander had two and was maybe gay; Hitler had zero. How would the "conqueror" trait have so much influence on humanity if conquerors did not father many children (and there were not enough successful conquerors to start with). I try to develop a more substantiated analysis of this article here: http://blog.medusis.eu/of-parrots-and-men As a (happy) father of three I feel the right to share a dirty little secret: taking care of young kids is boring as hell. But somebody has to do it; in mammals it's only natural that it's the female, since she has to be around anyway in order to breast feed (which is not the case with birds for example: both parents can find and bring back food to the young). So maybe the adventurous sailors explore the world simply because they can ; not "in order to come back rich, and mate" but because, having mated, they can leave their family behind and go do something else. > So if you’re traveling to Los Angeles this summer, you can check out tweets from Angelenos... > Often a single tweet sparks a larger conversation of re-tweets... > Now you can create an alert specifically for “updates” to get an email the moment your topic appears on Twitter... Ok, so basically Google is setting itself to be an interface to Twitter? Like I said, I'm a very happy father (my kids are 5, 2 and 1). I love them (they helped me understand what "love" actually means). They are the joy of my life. But spending too much time with them is not as fulfilling as actually doing something -- or even reading a good book. There is no fulfillment in wiping a child's ass, or even feeding them. You do it because you have to, and I actually don't mind doing it. But as useful as it is for them, it's pointless for me. That is not a problem as long as I have other things to do / to care about; it would be if they were the beginning and end of my day. From the article: " perhaps nature [designed men] to strive, mostly unsuccessfully, for greatness ". Leaving aside the fact that nature does not design anything, if evolution is to select a trait that is "mostly unsuccessful", then this trait is to be incredibly successful when it actually succeeds. And in fact, Genghis Khan is the exception; other well-known world conquerors are not exceptionally prolific, casting doubt on the possibility that "unknown world conquerors" (if such people ever existed?) would have been prolific enough and numerous enough to have an impact on the human species. I'm well aware of Evolutionary Psychology, its premises and its shortcomings; it isn't "soft science" but rather "non-science" since it can't be refuted. Most of its claims may be right, or wrong, but that doesn't matter because we have no way to tell . Yes! Excel formulas === FP! And as you say, there are orders of magnitude more Excel users than imperative programmers, so FP can't be as hard as is usually claimed, and certainly not as "unnatural". (Before Excel 5 and VBA that Joel Spolsky claims he invented, macro language in Excel was also FP; it was a crazy but fascinating language in which I developed a whole billing application (in 1992...) I miss this language.) > I don't know why foreigners still come to America We don't, mostly. I used to come to NY every two years, used to love the city. Now I go elsewhere. Haven't been there in six years and I don't think I'll be back. This is a big world, there are other places to see; America is abusive at home just as it is elsewhere. Flying in Europe is still acceptable; in Germany the local TSA let you carry almost anything on board (and joke about it). ? Why is that? I was also in the middle of Morocco the first time I tried. Then it worked. I think what happens is, the first time you go to geosay you have to allow the browser to give away your location; if you click on "search here" (bottom left) before having given this authorization, you land in Africa. A simple fix could be to not show the "search here" link before the application has a real location...? Is this an old Irish joke? I thought I knew for a fact that it was French! - "Pouvez-vous me dire comment aller à Paris"? - "Ben si j'étais vous je ne partirais pas d'ici!" Very French in its non-helpful but matter-of-fact way... but maybe the Irish are the same! I often use Google to search for very specific phrases -- error messages, for example, in quotes -- and that doesn't help. It actually hurts. What hurts even more is that Google returns documents that don't contain all the search terms, but where the missing search terms can be found in incoming links (or so it says). If you try to use the allintext: parameter you're almost always considered a bot (why??!?) and your queries get delayed or you're shown an indecipherable captcha (they're getting harder, or maybe I actually am a bot, because nowadays I fail to solve every other one). It seems Google is aiming at some lower common denominator of the general public, someone who can't spell, can't type, can't be bothered to learn a basic search syntax and just wants to know where to buy the latest gadget. There is a space to be filled for a "Google for grownups". Cooking and "total utilization" are two different goals. It may be laudable (and very politically correct) to teach kids to "totally utilize" every last bit of food from yesterday's lunch, but it's not fine cooking. I love leftovers. I love rillettes, and saucisson. I made saucisson once, when I was maybe ten. I watched the pig being killed, and hanged by the feet for the blood to go, and then I helped cut it, and put the meat in the machine and the intestine at the other end. I liked that. No problem. (The problem is you have to wait six months to eat what you just helped make). But there is a reason why good restaurants serve food from the "noble" parts of animals, and chicken nuggets are found at McDonalds: noble parts taste better. They require less processing -- or no processing: "just the product". The goal of Jamie Olivier is not to convince kids not to eat nuggets; it's to show how things are made. Maybe I should mention that I'm French and live just outside Paris. I buy my food at the "farmers'" market -- which is just the market: there is no other kind. (There are supermarkets though, of course; but even inside supermarkets you find real butcher's shops where you can buy whole animals. Well, not whole cows -- but you can find whole rabbits or chickens (or any kind of fish/seafood) in any supermarket here). I would oppose "trash" to "noble" and not "offal"; a liver or a heart is "offal", but a chicken carcass (the subject of Oliver's piece) is not, because it can't be cooked and eaten as such. Also, I think you fundamentally agree with Jamie Olivier: you're denouncing junk food just as he is. Your point is that meat is over-processed during its (short) life; his point is that we're fed carcass reprocessed to look like whole food. Aren't you both making the same point? It won't make me click on more ads because I run adblock (on FF) and adthwart (on Chrome), and also because I already disabled it. (Why do most posts these days feel the need to address the reader directly? "What you need to do", "What you don't know", "What you'll need"... I know what I know and don't know. Tell me what YOU know.) YASHP! Yet another self-help post. YES! At the very least, please give us an "allintext:" that actually works: absolutely no stemming whatsoever no "words were found in links pointing to this page" (this is the most infuriating thing ever) and... no "you're a bot" crazyness (or captchas that normal people can solve...) Yes. From the introduction to The Big Short (page XV): "I hoped that some bright kid at Ohio State University who really wanted to be an oceanographer would read my book [Liar's Poker], spurn the offer from Golman Sachs, and set out to sea. Some how that message was mainly lost. Six months after Liar's Poker was published, I was kee-deep in letters from students at Ohio State University who wanted to know if I had any other secrets to share about Wall Street. They'd read my book as a how-to manual." This looks like a new bubble. Why would a Twitter IPO raise so much money? What are its growth prospects? Facebook may be different, but still, it all sounds very crazy. There was a story not long ago on HN (can't seem to find it though) about a blogger who had a special Twitter pipeline to send tweets whenever he blogged, or something. The thing failed silently and stayed broken for two months, and NOBODY NOTICED: neither he nor any of his "followers" (he had more than a thousand). So, having found out about the situation, he decided to stop using Twitter altogether. On LinkedIn I now have to see all the tweets of my "contacts" whenever I log in; this is so annoying that it may push me to quit LinkedIn for this reason alone. People on Twitter are just copying and pasting news found elsewhere; there is an infinitely small proportion of original content: for one "Shit My Dad Says", there are millions of users who only mulch old content from the likes of Digg (RIP) or Reddit or HN. Twitter users are not paying attention to one another; they shout in the desert and nobody cares. This cannot go on forever. > My dive buddy took a minute to realize what I meant and then another minute to fumble for his spare regulator (emphasis mine) Yikes! Why didn't he let him share his main regulator while he was looking for the spare?? What if he couldn't find the spare?... (they often become entangled in the tubes in the back and are hard to get) This is really bizarre. In a talk last year at (I think) the business of software conference, PG said, among other things, that business schools are useless because successful business people don't waste their time teaching business in business schools, and instead either run their business or enjoy the fruits of their success (another song to the tune of "those who can't, teach"). His depiction of university professors accurately describes most bloggers. In reality, there are good teachers and there are bad teachers (and more bad than good). Those who are good at teaching, teach implies that somehow teachers are selected by their ability to teach, which is not true. Teachers happen to be teachers for a variety of reasons; but their talent has little to do with the fact that they continue to be teachers. The case of bloggers is arguably a little different; certainly lack of talent or experience does not prevent people from blogging, but traffic provides at least some objective (if imperfect) measure of success. But I would expect people who describe the road to world dominance to first document what they really know about it: if they haven't traveled it themselves, have they at least interviewed many successful people? What books have they read before writing anything? What do they know ? The argument between spolsky and dhh is funny but ultimately they seem to not be talking about the same thing. They are both right, but one is more right than the other. Joel is talking about market value. What Joel is saying is "dude, you don't understand value. Value is what people are willing to pay for. If someone - just one person - is willing to pay $100 for a millionth of a broken piece of crap, then that broken piece of crap is worth a hundred million dollars, your opinion of it notwithstanding ". He's right. Technically. But David does not care about market value (although he tries to attack it and picturing it as not real). David is talking about intrinsic value ; he's saying: "this thing has 500 million users, and that's amazing. But they don't make much money out of all those users, let alone any profit. So if we try to estimate the present value by actualizing future cash flows, we find the real price should be... well, not much". He's also right. And I think he's fundamentally right. During the housing bubble, some people (Peter Schiff for example, or the heroes of The Big Short ) argued that the real value of housing was a multiple of rent (10-15 times rent), and that anything above that was crazy. At the time, they were wrong -- they were very wrong; the value of a house was the market price, not the "intrinsic" price. The value of anything is always the market price. But then suddenly there is no market. The bubble bursts and nobody's buying. In that situation, if you're selling you don't have many options; but if you're buying how do you calculate a price at which you'd be willing to buy, and a price at which you may convince a seller to sell? - - - In a sellers' market (Joel's market) prices are fair because people accept them. If everyone wants a piece of Facebook at any price, just because they have to have it, then, well, the value of Facebook is infinite. It's not 33 billion dollars: it's the whole amount of dollars in the universe, plus one. But this situation never lasts. There has to be a time when Facebook will be out of fashion, and someone will have to ask what is the intrinsic value of this thing. The intrinsic value is hard to compute because you need to actually know how the company makes money, you need to understand its operations, its cost structure, strategy, etc. That's hard work for a public company; it's almost impossible, from the outside, for a private company. But one thing is certain: the intrinsic value of Facebook is not infinite. And then and there, David has a point. Death actually is great. It's not being meta-contrarian to see that. There was a great speech by Steve Jobs making just this point (and I don't think he was trying to signal his intelligence by saying so?) My death is bad for me (somewhat -- I'm not sure I'd enjoy living forever) but great for the world. I understand that the point of the article absolutely is not to argue about the goodness or badness of death, but isn't it regrettable that the main example they use is so flawed? My point was not to argue about the goodness of death either -- I would have thought it was non-controversial. It's a very good thing Einstein did die, since his most important work was done in the first third of his life, and at the end he was simply denying that quantum mechanics were real. Besides, if death did not exist and "people had less children" (meaning probably zero), Einstein would never have been born! Please (re-)read what Steve Jobs had to say about death: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. From: http://news.stanford.edu/news/2005/june15/jobs-061505.html Is commenting about making friends? Isn't finding the truth more important? Strong analogies are a way (not the only way, but a way) to do that. Oooooh. This is the best news of the week, maybe of the month. We've been waiting for sooo long for this. I never thought it would actually happen. So sometimes Google does listen. So maybe we can hope that not hiding http://www in Chrome will become an option someday...? I use a thick client mainly; I use GMail as an archive or when I'm away; GMail downloads my mail via POP (my primary address is not GMail). So, usually, I read mail outside GMail -- but GMail does not know what mail is already read. In a big thread, it opens all "unread" emails: the tens I read already and the last one I'm interested in. This is crazy and infuriating. Also, why are most recent emails in a thread at the bottom?? (maybe it can be configured somewhere?) And finally, like most "intelligent" features, it's much too smart (or not enough): it adds new mails to old threads. Many non-techies (and some techies as well) take an old email that has the list of recipients they're looking for, to start an entirely new discussion. Aggregating those new emails to an old thread that has nothing to do whatsoever with the subject at hand is idiotic. I just want mail sorted ante-chronologically; and then I just deal with the sorting myself. I upvoted you because that is me. I want a stack. > If you start a new conversation from an old thread, just change the subject... I'm not the one starting the conversation so I'm not at liberty to do anything. There is a thread. Then, days later, some member of this thread decides to start a new conversation by replying to this thread. It's the same "mailing list" but it should be a different thread. (But GMail has no way to know; this isn't a failure of GMail. The failure was, until today, to not allow to do without the threaded view). At least GMail should have had the option of breaking a thread; for each message in a thread, display a button that says "start a new thread here". > Most recent at the bottom: because people read from the top down, I'm sure. For one, most people is not all people: why not let us set the sort order? And secondly, I too read "from the top down", but I want to start with most recent emails; and then when I have read them all (if I read them all) I'll know the whole of the conversation -- but I can stop at anytime and still have the most recent status. If you start reading the most ancient emails, then if you stop before arriving to the most recent ones (because of a distraction, a phone call, etc.) then you have an "open" conversation in your head that is waiting to be completed. That will create a memory leak ;-) Ok, maybe. http: and // are two different things anyway; http is the protocol and // is the start of the path. (They (the Chrome team) seem to put them in the same "useless" basket.) Same for me. But the upsetting part is the attitude of the Chrome Team, who says "if you don't like it just use another browser". Well, there are lots of things I like about Chrome; this seems too small a detail to stop using it. An option buried somewhere would make me completely happy. "Too many user choices are bad", certainly; but advanced options are a different thing from decisions every user would have to make. For now the only possibility is to download the source, set a boolean somewhere in the code, and compile your own version. How crazy is that? The article is strangely written but full of very insightful observations. I like this one best: "Customers buy outcomes, they don't buy attributes" . Endless lists of features are pointless; features that work and are integrated into a predictable, enjoyable user experience are what customers want. But of course the hard part is to build a credible promise; Apple's has been 30 years in the making. Microsoft has one for the enterprise market. I'm not sure Google still knows what it is doing. Well if the management team won't work for Yahoo, then it's doubtful the Yahoo offer would stand; therefore there is no Yahoo offer and they should have taken the Google offer. It's not clear why they even considered the Yahoo offer if it was in fact impossible for Yahoo to go ahead. But as part of their diligence to consider the Yahoo offer, could they not have come to a conclusion such as this one: "given the fact that the management won't go, and that Yahoo won't buy Yelp without a management team, it follows that the Yahoo offer is void and nonexistent. So, let's pursue the Google offer"...? If for example I offered 3 trillion dollars for Yelp, would the board consider my offer (as opposed to laughing it off)? I guess my question is, What is the "reality threshold" of an offer? Great post, thanks. Typos: For one HN has it's own 'flavor' => its HN gets it's (more than) fair share of spam => its Weird HTML: It seems line-breaks are hard-coded with BRs inside of P elements? In this phrase the BRs are missing and therefore it crosses over to the invisible right side: The thresholds at which this happens changes over time, the downvote threshold is at 200 right now and the flag cap is at 100. There Ex-(French trader). This ruling is crazy (pay back everything (how??) and go to prison for three years). I very much doubt it can stand on appeal. Isn't this just wishful thinking? Everybody hates labels, and so wishes them dead (and for the record, so do I). But just because everyone wants them to die doesn't mean they will die. Labels sit on content, and their monopoly is protected by the full force of the law. The number of startups in the field or the evilness of label people does seem a little bit irrelevant. There is only one way labels can die: if they cease to have a monopoly on music content -- which means, either the world gets rid of copyright, or (young, new and aspiring) artists stop signing with labels. None of this is happening anytime soon. (It may happen, but in a rather distant future.) I have never visited, no. I know people from school who work at labels, but I can't say I meet with them often. Why the question? EDIT: oh, I understand the question, you work at a label. Well, I live in France, where "Hadopi" just went live. It's a government agency that monitors Internet traffic for copyright infringement and that can then cut off the Internet access of alleged offenders -- not because they themselves are convicted of copyright infringement, but because their Internet connection was used in this manner and they failed to prevent it. This law was inspired by and received the heavy support of professional organisations such as SACEM, etc. When an industry is instrumental in creating such legal monsters, I think it deserves the hate and contempt of the public, and more. Now, none of this has much to do with the subject of the article which was about the "digital future" of the industry. I just wanted to elaborate a little on the "hate" part of my initial post. You're right, but it was largely implied. My point is that the industry is right not to care much about its digital future, and to care more about what matters, ie, their monopoly on content. For as long as this monopoly stands, they will be strong and prosperous. That doesn't make them likable, but that does not make them stupid, either, as the article implies ( "They killed competition. Brillant." ). Besides, here's what PG writes in one of his essays: If you can figure out a way to turn a billion dollar industry into a fifty million dollar industry, so much the better, if all fifty million go to you. ( http://www.paulgraham.com/web20.html ) So maybe the "dream" of a "digital future" is just self-preservation, and maybe, yes, it IS brillant... I guessed between 500 and 700 because there are 4x10 blocks (40) with a range between 0 and 40 tickets per block (time slot). But in fact the top two rows are almost empty, and the bottom two have many tickets left. That makes: Max = 40 slots x 40 tickets div 2 rows = 1600 div 2 = 800 Min = 40 slots x 10 (average number of tickets) = 400 Probable range: somewhere inside 400-800 so lets say 500-700! (that is not a "strong" reasoning, that is just what I thought). Fantastic. From the examples in the paper it would seem possible to use this system not only to "translate" poetry but also to "produce" poetry, ie to transform a non-poetic text into poetry. The first example is wonderful (table 2 in the pdf): Reference: A police spokesman said three people had been arrested and the material was being examined. Baseline: A policeman said that three people were arrested and that the material is currently being analyzed. Poetic: Couplet in amphibrachic tetrameter An officer stated that three were arrested and that the equipment is currently tested. Couldn't agree more. If the .com is not available DON'T DO IT! I heard about http://wordoid.com/ here on HN -- it's a wonderful little webapp that lets you generate domain names that "sound natural" in a select list of languages and that (optionally) contain specific words. In the "more options" you can filter out domains where both .com and .net are unavailable (it would be better to just filter unavailable .coms but it still saves a lot of time). What makes .com the best domain is CTRL+Enter: .com is the default TLD; it's like having no TLD at all. All other TLDs, including .net, .org, .yourOwnCountry, .someExoticCountry are bad because they have to be mentioned. I don't find any of this controversial, it sounds like common sense -- except the thinking that "they" are animals and "they" are bad people. Just watch toddlers; the ones who can walk hit the ones who don't walk yet; and then they are happy about it. We're all animals; we're bad when we can get away with it. Not being bad requires a life of practice and self-restrain. > Normally the writer's craft is so obvious that it buries the art. When the art buries the craft, you have something special. This kind of formulation is upsetting because art and craft are the same thing (in many languages they're the same word, too). If you can't see the "art" "behind" the craft, then the craft is poor. The whole purpose of craft is to hide itself. Now, the craft is usually so poor that we made a whole other concept for "good craft", and that is "art". It wouldn't be a problem if "art" was just a shorthand for "good craft", but then it took a life of its own, and became associated with miracles, "gift of God". - - - That said, to me, "the best movie I've ever seen" is A Few Good Men , by the same Sorkin. I can't wait to see this one! You can't express yourself if your skills are poor. You're right that someone who has nothing to say will create artifacts of low value; but I would argue that expression is a function of one's mastery of the craft. There is a recurring theme in PG's essays about how computer languages affect how you think and therefore, what you can say using them. This is also a common theme in the "suits vs. geeks" debate; if you can't code, how can you imagine what code can do? In general the (philosophical) jury's still out on whether language predates thinking or the other way around; but it's a fact that all great "artists" produce their best work after many many years of practicing and perfecting their craft. This is the ultimate Glenn Beck machine. Look, everything is ultimately connected to Hitler! You should try to approach Jon Stewart with it, it would make for excellent satire. But... why bother being a millionaire if you can just pretend? The author of this article seems to assume that it's better to actually be a millionaire, even if it means living like the poor. I would think it's better to drive a luxury car (whatever that is) and drink expensive wine, even if you can't afford it, than the other way around. It's "bad" to pretend, only if it doesn't end well: if you have to repay what you borrowed, and can't -- but if you die before you're bankrupt you win! Now, none of this means much; it doesn't matter to live like a millionaire, or to be or not to be a millionaire, etc. What matters is peace of mind, happiness, fulfillment. A subject for another article maybe? Although probably not in the "Color of Money" column. I had never heard of Riak before (shame on me!) and it looks like the exact thing I would need for a project: does anyone care share success|horror stories? What about price? There is a free version but the prices of the commercial version (with support) are not disclosed. This makes it look like it's targeted at big companies...? How does it compare to S3? This I had seen, but it looks like big firms. The only thing that prevents me from using a Kindle is DRM: I want to be able to backup and really "own" the books I buy, and read them in whichever device I choose (or Notepad). Does Amazon realize how terrifying the '1984 incident' was? On the other hand, Amazon doesn't need to lift DRM: a crack would suffice. Any news on this front? That the universe, apparently, is nonlocal. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bells_Theorem (This article is quite complex; there was a superb article in Scientific American that described Bell's experiments and conclusions simply and clearly; it's here: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=was-einstei... but unfortunately it's behind a paywall). Here's another idea, for what it's worth: a home router that would also filter out ads and act as an antivirus. I would pay good money for this. At my home there are not less than 6 computers, each with two-to-three browsers that need an ad blocker, and all running some kind of anti-virus software (except the two macs). I understand incumbent anti-virus companies would rather sell me the same product four times, but there could be a disruptive startup selling the router... And ad-blocking software is currently free, but I think people would actually pay for an ad-blocking (physical) device. I would. A pilot does not need concealed weapons to crash a plane...?!? He pilots the damn machine. You strip search him, find nothing, let him go, and then he takes command of the plane and can crash it anywhere, any time. How obvious is this?? The link you posted below, to the "FedEx Express Flight 705" incident is completely irrelevant since Mr. Calloway was not in charge of steering that plane. Had he been, he would not have tried to kill the crew. Calloway was not flying the plane! From the Wikipedia article you linked to (twice) but apparently did not care to read: "The scheduled three-man flight crew consisted of 49-year-old Captain David Sanders, 42-year-old First Officer James Tucker, and 39-year-old Flight Engineer Andrew Peterson." "About twenty minutes after takeoff, as the flight crew carried on a casual conversation, Calloway entered the flight deck and commenced his attack." This incident is therefore entirely irrelevant to the conversation. - - - It's interesting, though, to find (articulate) American people who actually approve of the TSA methods, because I thought it was the TSA vs. the rest of the public (cf. "Ask the Pilot" Salon column for instance). It's interesting, but disheartening, because it means the TSA and its gropers and thugs are really here to stay. He was in uniform, maybe, but he was not in charge of flying anything that day. So he was a passenger that day (in a pilot uniform). Interesting. I don't remember if it's a real quote or if it's from a movie, but an elected official said once (again, a real official or an actor, I'm not sure): "let's have two planes; to get aboard plane A, nobody's searched or even asked a single question; to get aboard plane B you're submitted to the current TSA procedure and more; let's see how many people are willing to fly on plane A". The answer seems obvious: nobody will ever take plane A (or, only terrorists). But I'm not so sure. People do very dangerous things all the time. I drive a motor bike in Paris (also when it rains or snows): it's is much more frightening than flying in a commercial airliner, and statistically much more dangerous. But I can't stand the metro, however safe it is. The point is, there are many motor bikes and bicycles in Paris, so many people make the same trade-off between security and convenience, and prefer convenience. So, why not try it? You want to be searched and safe, take plane B; make sure to get to the airport 4 hours in advance, though, and to wear clean underpants. You don't care: take plane A. No problem. The meat of my comment is in the first sentence: "Calloway was not flying the plane". As per your second point, maybe we could actually go like this: every new invasive TSA procedure would be A/B tested on similar flights (same departure and destination, comparable times, same price). Do people want to be strip searched? Well, let's find out. You can take flight A where nobody is strip searched, or flight B where everyone is (all other existing security measures unchanged). If nobody (but me) is willing to take flight A, we have the answer we're looking for. My point was that everyone assumes that nobody will take flight A, but in fact we don't really know. You're right! I didn't know this word and assumed, wrongly, that it meant something like "deadbeat". I should have checked first; got caught up in the heat of the discussion. However, that makes the reference to this incident even more incomprehensible. Who said anything about off-duty pilots? Being a qualified pilot (or dressed as one) is not the point; the point, as has been stated many times now in this discussion, is that: 1. whoever is flying the plane today does not need to go through security, because they'll end up in the cockpit anyway 2. whatever piece of ID is enough to get someone at the commands of a commercial airliner today should also be enough to get past ordinary security procedures designed for passengers [Caveat: I really don't know anything about raising money, so this question may be stupid. If so, please be kind!] PG says that 1. "super angels" (acting like angels, but with outside money) are out to eat VCs' lunch by filling the gap between ordinary angels and VCs, putting more money than angels into startups but without requiring a board seat like VCs usually demand 2. VCs react to this threat by blowing up "valuation": they invest just like super angels, but at higher valuations, because they don't really care about valuation; they aim for the Big Exit (IPO) 3. super angels have a problem with high valuations because (presumably) they want to exit early; in an early exit the multiple is very dependent on the initial valuation. Super angels are so reluctant to accept high valuations that they brag not to fund the most high valued startups (which sounds crazy: the most high valued startups are probably the best ones) So, here's my question: does valuation have to be uniform? If I sell 2% of my company to Mr. A for x amount of dollars, do I have to sell 4% to Mr. B for $2x? Or can I sell 4% to Mr. B for the same $x, because he values the company less? It would seem, value is in the eyes of each buyer, who can pay what they want; I don't understand how VCs can single-handedly manipulate the total valuation of a startup? Why not segment the price for each kind of investor? Yes, but isn't the core use case the same with any third party identification service, such as Facebook Connect or MS Passport or whatever? On the target page it says $1499...? You don't buy them because they're cheap, you buy them because they're good and they work . The potato peeler IS a great product, and who doesn't need one?!? For the record, I had (and anyway, I had never visited this page, so it was not a local cache problem). I sometimes eat potatoes with the skin on, too, but carrots? And at some point in the video he mentions pineapples... surely you don't eat the skin of pineapples? > Keyboards are an impediment to your work. Programming is thinking and creating... This at first sounds true but really isn't; programming is not pure thought: it's thinking and implementing and seeing how the implementation goes and trying a different way, having new ideas, etc. You can't "think" in a pure vacuum; you need to bounce ideas off something real. I do some woodworking and let me assure you the "ideas" that I have before starting a project get changed a lot when confronted to the reality of wood and tools. After a while you discover that, to some extent, you end up making your own tools, that fit you and the projects you like to do. Programming-wise, that's also why I dislike IDEs: they add an additional layer between you and the object you're working on; it's like woodworking with gloves (impossible). And they don't contribute much; they advertise "speed", but the slow part is thinking, not typing! - - - (I'm typing this on a daskeyboard with blank keys, I've used it for two years, it's fantastic.) Ok, I'll bite. It's a little app that lets you find Imdb scores and release years for movies: you type a list of titles in a textbox and it responds with info that you can then export as .csv It's in the form of a Chrome extension for now (because I want it to be a Chrome app as soon as possible) that you have to use on a specific page. The extension is here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/bjkkhgcacicbgbkn... The page you use it from is here: http://moviemagic.adgent.com/ I built it for a friend that has a big collection of movies on disks, that he has yet to watch, and who wanted to know which movies were worth his time. It still needs a lot of work, but I lack motivation to improve it since I don't watch many movies myself and the friend I built it for found it met his needs as is. But if anyone is interested I could go back to it. Not directly related (but not totally unrelated), try to search for "PDF/A" in the "ominous bar" => error. What you're looking for: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDF/A What you get: This webpage is not available. The webpage at http://pdf/a might be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web address. The reason for this, is probably that anything with a slash in it has to be interpreted as a url, since there is no protocol left to make the difference between a web address and a search... Maybe my post wasn't completely clear: I want to search for PDF/A, and actually the expected result is the Google result page for this search, ie: http://www.google.fr/search?q=pdf/a What I get instead is an error because Chrome tries to access the non-existent web page http://PDF/a ReadyForZero connects with people and empowers them with the right information ... "Empowers them"?? When Obama said to Jon Stewart that Larry Summers had done "a heck of a job" fixing the economy, Jon laughed and responded: "dude, you don't want to use that phrase". (Obama then said "pun intended", but still). Same here. If you're going after credit card companies and big corporations, please don't try to "empower" anyone, because by now people have learned what it's like to be "empowered" (hint: it hurts). Also: - most of their data seems to be from 2006 -- that was a long time ago - many problems listed, not many solutions - it seems highly improbable that people are drowning in debt because they don't know better; people have debts because they can, because they enjoy it -- they enjoy the goods the debts help buy, and the debt, they forget about it. Empowerment is a word used by big companies (and found many times in Microsoft marketese) to tell people they are going to be more powerful if they use their tools, when in fact they are going to get screwed, and pay every penny for it. When you think about it, power is not given, and esp. not given from the powerful to the powerless. Power is something you take. The fact is that the "empowerer" is looking down on the "empoweree"; if we're talking about parents and children, then maybe that's fine; but if we're talking about companies and customers, or bosses and employees, then beware (better still: run). That's the issue that I have with this article: it sounds like ordinary marketing PR, and plays on two very different levels. "OMG! Debt is a big problem! And look! we've found a (secret and unique) way to solve it!" Debt is a little bit like smoking: on a national scale, it's a huge problem, very difficult to solve; but on a personal scale it's not really a "problem". You want to quit smoking? QUIT SMOKING. Those guys seem to be talking about debt at a high level (where solutions would be needed, but are hard to find) to sell their individual-level solutions (which are easy to find, and therefore not really needed, since if people really wanted to be out of debt, they wouldn't get into it in the first place). This is apparently it: http://videos.apnicommunity.com/Video,Item,1068300085.html Many answers to this new policy proposals mention some version of the argument that if you don't participate, you shoudn't be able to solicit the help of others . While this is true to some extent, it undervalues the fact that RMS posts create value for everyone, since the comments are then available for everyone (not just the poster). I sometimes would like to be able to bill hourly, but find it impossible: 1) When I'm thinking about the project in the shower (where all the real thinking is being done) shouldn't the meter run? Apparently from the original post, the only billable time is the typing time, which is a little bit funny. 2) How do you know if you're fast or slow? Are you even consistent? Sometimes a stupid feature takes me half a day; sometimes something really complicated snaps together in an instant. 3) Even more so, the client has no clue of what time it takes to do something (and how could he, given that I haven't got many clues either, beforehand). If I tell him that it took me 3 hours to do X and 5 minutes to do Y he will be shocked! He will think I'm crazy, or bullshitting him, or that I'm trying to convey some other message that he'll spend the next week trying to decode. 4) What about warm-up time? When I get back to a project I left a week ago, it takes about an hour to get up to speed; how should this hour be billed? Besides, every theory of pricing tells us that price should NEVER be based on costs. Price should be based on value because that's what it is: price == value. The problem of course is that the client won't tell you what the value is. What I end up doing is: - if I can get an idea of the client's budget, and I find this budget acceptable, then that's my price - if not, my personal rule of thumb is (maybe counter-intuitively) to bid low on things that are new for me (and interesting), because I really want to learn the skills and get the reference on my portfolio; and to bid relatively high on things I know well, because I don't really care to get the project or not, and if I do get it I expect it to contribute financially to all the other stuff. (So if you want to hire me cheap, make me do something I've never done). Also, it's been my experience that clients care about the price before the project begins, but never after. > put an appropriate price on the value you're providing to clients My point exactly... Actually, my whole point was that I try to bill: (value to client) div (my willingness to do this particular project) It looks great but it appears to be down? Every request of the form http://api.ihackernews.com/profile/pg answers {"username":null,"createdAgo":null,"karma":0,"about":null,"version":"1.0","cachedOnUTC":"\/Date(-62135575200000)\/"} and this page http://api.ihackernews.com/page says this Server Error in '/' Application. Oh, ok, thanks for the info. But did it send a request to HN with every request it received? It could have answered with the data it had...? Now everything is a 404, did you take the service down completely? I think yes, serverside web frameworks may be becoming less relevant, to a certain extent; I just finished a monitoring app for a small company that is entirely in JS, with data stored on the server and computations (graphs, etc.) done on the fly by the client (it's an internal business app, so I get to tell end users what browser to use, etc.) - - - A counter argument is that it's considered "better" to bring the computation to the data than the data to the computation: ie, make the server calculate everything and serve it to a dumb client, because: 1) the server is more powerful than the client 2) one never knows what the client is capable of (the developers don't control the clients), there are many clients and just one server 3) usually, any given calculation only uses part of the data, so if the server computes and sends the results, it makes for smaller data transfers There is however a big counter-counter-argument: I pay for the server, you pay for the client. When there are many clients that ask for results that are not easily cacheable, I think it can be much simpler to just have a dumb server that serves data, and compute on the client. Browser vendors talk about benchmarks all the time but what really matters to me is startup and closing times; here Chrome really shines and FF3.6 is slow as hell. It's probably about perception; maybe the browser should show a window even if it's not really ready (and maybe there is a problem with plugins and add-ons that need to initialize themselves, etc.) Anyway, how is FF4b7 doing in this regard...? After a while when there are many tabs opened, I find it easier to start anew by closing the browser (in fact I kill the task). There is also a shared computer in my home that is used by my wife and my kids; there, browsers are constantly opened and closed since for some reason, most non-tech people (that I know -- and that includes my wife) close and reopen the browser to start a new browsing session. Chrome is crazy with history; it seems to save everything forever. I delete its history regularly; I had not noticed it had an impact on startup time, though. I developed a simple webapp that generates jogging routes that come back to their starting point. I wanted to know what functionalities I could add to make the service more useful; since services such as Get Satisfaction start at $19 a month, I developed my own solution (a very simple one, but truly independent of the source website, so it can be deployed on other sites). The button is named "help us help you" which I thought was cooler than "Feedback". I'm sad to report, however, that in the week it's been up, it's never been used by anyone... Maybe I need a feedback button to gather feedback about the feedback system?!? For those interested, the jogging service is here: http://tjp.adgent.com/ I'm really not sure it means much to say that people are "risk-adverse" or not; humans (and monkeys! see http://www.ted.com/talks/laurie_santos.html ) are BOTH: they prefer to play it safe when they expect a gain, and prefer risk when they expect a loss. For example, people (in general) prefer $500 now than a 50% chance of $1000, but the same people prefer to take a 50% chance of losing $1000 than losing $500 now with certainty. Behaviorists call this "irrational" because the two cases are the same: whatever you prefer, you should prefer the same, that is: - if you're "risk adverse", you should prefer the certain outcome in both cases - if you have a preference for risk, you should take the chance every time. But it's not what happens; to repeat, the same individual usually prefers the outcome that is certain when the expected outcome is a gain, and usually prefers to take a chance when the expected outcome is a loss, even when those options are mathematically identical. So, if one wants to show that entrepreneurs are different from ordinary people as regards to risk, they should study at least those two dimensions: gain/loss. And since most people prefer risk when confronted with a possible loss, then entrepreneurs would have to either - prefer risk always when confronted with a possible loss - prefer risk more often when confronted with a possible gain. - - - If there actually is a difference between "entrepreneurs" and other people, it may be that entrepreneurs have a higher confidence in their own capacities, so that they think that they can influence the future in a good way. A useful follow-up question should have been "how are startups invited to do an interview when they're not able to describe what they're doing in two sentences?" It does not seem possible that an application where the only description is "we're improving the way people interact" gets an invitation; so, when the interview is a little shallow (because of stress, etc.) why not start back from the application? Or maybe the interview is not about the idea, but about the ability of the founders to communicate effectively...? There is a meme growing on Twitter: http://twitter.com/#search?q=%40cnn Mr. President: Would you send Michelle/Sasha/Malia through TSA screening? Naked photos or invasive genital groping, you get to pick. I don't understand what you find "cool": not showing protocol, not showing query parameters, or both? > Parameters at the end of web addresses are visually hidden when the address field is not focused I think those are terrible, terrible ideas; to the best of my knowledge this behavior was pioneered by Chrome and is now growing like a cancer, under the false premise that "non-technical users don't understand urls". How are they going to ever understand them if browsers don't show it to them??!? Hiding query parameters breaks the relation between a url and its content; now all of Google is under the same "www.google.com" url: how is that "better"? By the same principle that "young people don't understand words" let's remove all printed words and simply print books with the same cover and the same title -- they're all "books" anyway. All modern browsers deal with phising without destroying information; just alert the user that the site they're visiting is not what it claims to be. If users don't look at the address bar and don't understand urls, how are they going to tell something is amiss when they visit the following domains (all available at the time of writing): - gnail.fr - gnail.me - gmail.se.com - gmail.uk.net - yahooo.uk.com - yahooo.eu.com Only showing the domain does not help the non-technical user: you can have a fake domain look quite legitimate to the non-technical eye. Just texted from Paris, got pinned in the middle of France: I guess for Europe it only detects the country? If the TechCrunch article is to be believed, Facebook gives itself the power to filter and block outbound private emails between users based on its content. > Not only is it currently impossible to share a Lamebook link to your News Feed or a friend’s Facebook Wall — you can’t even include them as part of a direct message or email to friends I'm not on Facebook so I don't really know; if I'm wrong about this then I'm sorry. But if it's true, it's crazy. Private communication between people that the system knows 1) are human (as opposed to an automatic spamming engine) 2) mutually declared themselves to be "friends" should not be monitored in any way. If the recipient wants to set up a filter then it's fine, but if messages are blocked at the source then it's very disturbing. Everyone used to assume that Big Brother nightmares were imaginary and overblown; now that Facebook is becoming the main communication channel between some people, those nightmares are real...? Do you even need to think about infinite geometric series? You have a 1/3 chance of picking the direct door, so on average it will take you three tries to catch it. 1 try == 1 day delay expected (1/3 x 0 + 1/3 x 1 + 1/3 x 2). 3 tries, 3 days. Interesting. Looking at the source I see that you calculate and store an md5 hash for each comment: var commentContentMd5 = md5($this.find('table td:eq(2) span.comment').text()); However each comment on HN has a unique id, that can be found on the links of the up and down keys: Wouldn't it be easier (and maybe faster) to use these ids to identify comments? > but once you vote on a comment that id is gone The score is in a span that has the same id: 3 points > if a comment changes it is marked as unread again But identical comments in different conversations are marked as read... ;-) You can store the highest comment id for each article: any comment with an (id > stored highest id for the current article) is new. The hash thing is interesting for detecting edits, but since comments can be edited only for a limited amount of time (an hour maybe?) it doesn't need to be stored for a long time. Therefore maybe you could do: - hash => sessionStorage - article_id;highest_comment_id => localStorage Another biker here. It's true that as a motorcycle rider you're completely invisible: not just that you should imagine yourself invisible -- you really are. Nobody in a car has the faintest clue that there can be non-car vehicles on the road, probably next to them when they change lanes, etc. If you think they can see you, you're dead. BUT I like it that way: it's cool to be invisible, and it's also safer. Car drivers don't understand bikes: when they see you they have all sort of weird reactions -- like kindly going to the side to give you more room, forgetting that there might be another bike on the other side that they are cutting off! My favorite car drivers are the ones that don't care about me, stay in the middle of their lane at constant speed -- in general, those who are predictable. And that's probably where the analogy with the startup world breaks: a startup really needs to be noticed to move forward -- although maybe not by everyone; it's better if competitors don't notice you before it's too late. So cars are competitors; but who are the customers? > So if you speak to an American consular official, you deserve that conversation to be made public? But if you comment online about file-sharing, you deserve to remain anonymous? The difference between my secrets and the secrets of the government is that the government works for me. The government governs in the name of the people. I am the people. Government employees are my employees. If my employees keep their actions secret from me, conspire with diplomats from other countries against me and try to push me into waging wars based on false information, then I should be able to find this out and make it public. > [Wikileaks] are my enemy, and I support any use of state force against them, up to and including lethal force. You have the right to "support" anything you want, but the US constitution (in theory!) prevents the government from killing individuals without due process (which includes charging them with crimes based on pre-existing laws, and trying them in an open court). If you don't approve of the US constitution, then what are you fighting for...? Driving a car is probably safer than driving a bike. But, being on a motorcycle, it's safer to stay invisible (and drive accordingly) than to be "visible" and incur weird reactions from car drivers. The article does not judge; in fact it says: whatever the preparation and outlandish cost, perhaps it's not simply ruthless determination that makes someone abandon their team mates, and yet still have the energy to summit. In such alien conditions, utterly hostile to human life, climbers might face their own mortality. Under the spectre of pure, unadulterated fear, they must realize that they are beyond help as well as beyond helping anyone else. If they don't, they fall among those who never leave, abandoned on Everest. No. He's talking about Rupert Murdoch's writings, in 1958, reflecting on Keith Murdoch's revelations about Gallipoli. Keith Murdoch was Rupert's father. The Gallipoli campaign happened during WWI, in 1915-1916, nearly a century ago. Weird: Sardinia is much brighter than Corsica (density for Corsica (34 hab. per km2) is about half the density of Sardinia (70 hab. per km2), so I guess that explains it?) Weirder: Portugal (11M people, 114 hab. per km2) is much brighter than Spain (44M people, 93 hab. per km2): the difference in density does not seem to explain the difference on the map. Are Spaniards less social than the Portuguese? Mmm. The CPU is the whole brain, and WoW is the totality of human behavior; so a more correct analogy would be: "I disabled the arithmetic co-processor and look, this character behaves erratically -- while the rest of the game seems unaffected". Looks extraordinary by the HN comments; unfortunately the site is down right now... ;-( La rançon du succès, I guess. John Deweese, "one of the creators" says here that "it's a platform". Here's one thing they could do: open the platform to distribute dictionaries from third parties. Questvisual could still sell "basic" or "standard" dictionaries for each language pair, but they would also sell competing dictionaries, that could either try to address the problem from a different angle (phrase translation vs. word translation), or be specialized dictionaries: legal, medical, etc. They would take a cut, of course, and they would create a market that they would curate. Great wins for everyone! > The Delicious user community could organize to save the data themselves via a coordinated harvesting project. This weekend I built Scrapious: a Chrome webapp to export bookmarks from Delicious https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nbahmnpelbdcmkpllm... The user types in groups of tags and the app downloads the bookmarks associated with those tags. > The second approach could produce valuable results but would require no shortage of cleverness in order to avoid triggering rate limiters and other abuse mitigation mechanisms. My app tries to behave well by - limiting the number of requests to one per second at most - doing aggressive local caching - downloading only the first 200 bookmarks per tag group This last limit is arbitrary; Delicious apparently lets one see at most 2000 bookmarks for any combination of tags (200 pages of 10 bookmarks) but I wanted to be conservative. The article talks about the value of Delicious' memories; I don't know how to get to the most ancient bookmarks; maybe range queries are possible, or maybe one can sort results by date asc? (This comment was also posted in the article's comment thread). It's a webapp; it could be in the form of a simple website. But it scrapes with Ajax, and you can't do that from an ordinary website (same-origin policy). HTML5 should let the app ask for permissions, but this is seldom supported. It would be possible to scrape from a server, but that would expose the same IP over and over again, which would be very easy for the target to block; a client-side scraping tool is run from many IPs, making detection and blocking a lot harder (I hope). Finally, while coding the core of the app is enjoyable, cross-testing css rendering differences is a big pain. Publishing this as a Chrome webapp is a way to make sure every user (all three of them) uses the same browser. I would argue the most interesting non-medical paragraph is this one: The Polynesians did not have lodestones with which to make compasses, and their navigation system does not emphasize the stars, but the sea itself. The different wave patterns are studied and observed, as many, improbably, as fourteen simultaneously. (...) Navigating by wave train alone, the waves were best felt with the testicles; the navigator on each canoe had a special cabin he hunkered in. The idea, however, of making sense out of an interference pattern involving more than three or four wave systems is mind-boggling. The mathematical complexity of a fourteen-source interference pattern would appear more than can be held by any human brain. Or scrotum. And apparently, it's true! http://www.cseg.ca/publications/recorder/2008/09sep/sep2008-... I did refrain from asking whether this particular navigation technique contributed to the prejudice that women can't drive... > what I believe to be true is very far from accepted/conventional wisdom on such topics. It often gets either ignored or downvoted here. :-/ I had a weird experience on HN some time ago when I tried to argue that death was actually a good thing and was immediately downvoted. It seems people downvote comments they perceive to be "contrarian", ie insincere and artificially opposed to mainstream; the problem of course is that it's very difficult to discriminate ingenuous from disingenious contrarian opinions. Just because one thinks different does not mean they do it on purpose. And in the end, only the truth should matter; even if a point is actually being argued disingeniously, this fact alone doesn't make it wrong... Maybe, but this happened on his site, and Google withheld the money from the Youtube ads, which constituted the bulk of his revenue. That's just not fair. And they continue to run ads next to his Youtube videos; they simply stopped giving him his share. That is even less fair. Maybe the lesson is: have multiple accounts with Adsense so that if one has a problem then the others are unaffected. > Amazon and I are apparently looking at the world in a different way I don't think Amazon is looking at the world in any specific way. Amazon listens to whoever shouts louder. Unfortunately, people who want to ban books (for whatever reason) are much more vocal and much better organized than people who would rather not ban any book. It is censorship. It's not enough to say that "it's a private company, it should be left to do as it pleases" (as the counter-argument goes). In many other domains there are rules enforcing general principles, especially for private companies . Employment is one of them. A company cannot say "since, as a private company I should be free to make my own employment policies, I'll just engage in race discrimination". Just the same, the First amendment should be enforced for private companies. If your business is helping anyone publish content, then it should not be possible for you to filter out content or authors based on your own private rules/opinions. Anything that's legal is acceptable -- and the legality is decided by a court of law. I'm quite optimistic we'll get there eventually, but it'll take time and effort. This is a great article. I especially liked the idea that > humans today are starting to play more like computers ie, the advent of computers that are prejudice-free pushed human players into a whole different way of playing; from just the previous sentence: > a move isn't good or bad because it looks that way or because it hasn’t been done that way before. It’s simply good if it works and bad if it doesn't. What I don't like as much is the constant complaint that we're not trying hard enough to make computers think like humans, that Deep Blue and all its ilk dumbly calculate millions of moves without really "thinking". This reminds me of the efforts that are made to have robots look like humans (walk like us for example). What's the point? A Roomba doesn't have legs and yet it's better than me at vacuum cleaning (meaning, we both suck, but I suck more). We wouldn't want pliers to be shaped like a hand; computers are pliers for the brain: they extend it, but they don't need to be shaped like it. I read the first half of the article and couldn't find a point; I gave up. What is this article about??!? > I encountered an environment that viewed social networking as a frivolous form of entertainment I don't think Google to this day actually wants to be in social networking; the problem they have with Facebook is they can't index it, they can't be a gateway to Facebook as they are to everything else; Facebook in many ways is the gateway for its users. Came here to say this but you said it before! ;-) Also, "crowd-sourced curated lists of websites" sound like the old Yahoo directory of yore. They will either become obsolete very quickly or spammers will find a way to penetrate and dominate them. Yes, absolutely. I live in France, I'm 40, and I don't think I've ever met anyone since I was born, who doesn't know how to do basic cooking. Over here people invite their friends for dinner all the time, and it would be beyond unacceptable to serve anything not prepared by the host/hostess. Reading the great Tony Bourdain I learned that what happened in the US happened after WWII; before that time the US was a pretty "normal" country, food-wise. Exception in which way? The Germans seem to do a lot of cooking too, from what I know, as well as Spaniards or Italians. > There are no tricks involved, although the site involves AdSense. (Which you never have to see if you use AdBlock or something like that) Is the target audience of that site likely to use AdBlock...?!? Edit: my point is, it doesn't seem consistent with the stated goal of "helping" those people to send them off on wild goose chases with ads (a number of which may advertise the same kind of service). An interesting point of this post is that Twitter is effectively about to replace RSS, and that in order to use Twitter one has to have an account with it and "follow" such and such. But is this really true? Wouldn't it be possible to build an (authorized) interface to Twitter that would serve search results according to topics/keywords without actually creating an account with Twitter? Something along the lines of twitfeed.com/topics?q=topic1+topic2+topic3 I'm sure this already exists somehow? It's certain that annoying gadgets such as "Instant" reflect poorly on Google priorities. The mission of Google is to help users find stuff , not generate the maximum possible number of ad impressions per query (which would be quite short-sighted). But, is it really getting worse? It's never been possible to use Google effectively to research dishwashers. Never. I remember using a Firefox extension to block specific domains from Google search for a long time (it's now called "OptimizeGoogle" but had another name before that). Dishwashers aside, I still find Google pretty effective. Jeff's post starts with a chart that shows that 88.2% of SO's traffic comes from Google; if Google was that bad, wouldn't users start to use something else? Where is the increase in traffic from Bing (0.9% from the same chart!)? Where's the nascent but so powerful traffic from blekko...??!? You're right, but my point is that, if Google is bad, it should begin to lose market share. If it does not in fact lose market share while there are good alternatives, it must mean users are satisfied with what they're getting (or not unhappy enough to switch). > So what I want is a browser. A browser that uses multiple search engines automatically and completely eliminates any "fluff" from rendered pages -- perhaps even combining various pages into much simpler displays. Aren't you describing a "metasearch engine"? They have been around for quite some time (which does not mean they could be much improved, of course). Yes, but there are many sites (even reputable ones that should know better) that don't allow email addresses with a + in it. It's infuriating... but it's real... I didn't follow the original discussion, but while I agree with the importance of the "open web" and the relative evilness of "corporate blogging silos", I don't quite understand how RSS and HTML are "really different faces of the same thing". RSS is an open way of discovering new content; it is dead(-ish) because real people don't use it . I'm aware that there are RSS readers; there even are RSS readers that actually work. But RSS readers are not what the great majority of people use to discover new content; new content is discovered "socially" on YC or Reddit, etc. The choice of a search engine does not rest on your geographic location; you may be forced to go with Comcast but you're free to use Bing, no? > Everyone knows tech crunch is dead as dead can be. Killed. Dead. Dead. Pushing up the daisies. A former blog. Dead.dead. Sad. Those guys aren't Monty Python, that's for sure. In memoriam: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vuW6tQ0218 > [how do i make a blueberry pie] You know very well that this is not how search works. You don't "ask a question" to the search engine like you would ask your grandmother. You type in words that you expect to be in the pages you're looking for, and the search engine lists pages that actually contain ALL of those words . One of the main improvements of Google in the very early days was that it used the AND operand by default, whereas competing search engines used OR by default, resulting in an incredible amount of noise. In essence, searching for "how do i make a blueberry pie" (with quotes) should return only spam , because only spammy and SEO optimized sites would contain the phrase as such. A real recipe would maybe contain the phrase "how TO make a blueberry pie" but not "how do i..." - - - I think your point was that "middle aged women" don't know any of this. It would be arguable (probably wrong, but still) that people who don't know this, who didn't make the effort to understand a little how all of this works, deserve the spam they get. There is a good way to discriminate between good and bad content, and that is to know a little about what you're searching in order to search for words that will be present in good quality content and NOT in spammy pages. For example, it's reasonnable to expect a good recipe to give instructions in metric system as well as imperial; if you add "celsius" to the search then the second (informative) recipe arrives first: http://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+make+blueberry+pie+cel... Please don't dumb down Google. It happens all the time. It happened with stemming. It happened with "Instant". It happened, stealthily, quite a long time ago, when Google started to return results that contained most of the search terms, but not all , or when it returned results that contained words that appeared "in the pages linking to this page". It happens when one tries to use allintext: and is identified as a robot (why??!?) People should understand how to use a search engine instead of have machines (second-)guess what they're thinking. People learn to drive; if people can't drive a car we don't give them a car that drives itself! -- Oh, wait. Isn't it possible that all of this recent bad press about Google would be a consequence of "Instant"? Here's my thinking: - to get good results, one needs to type as many relevant words as possible - Instant encourages people to type less and less words (not even words: a few keystrokes and you're on) But if you type very few words, or if you search for "frequent" queries (generated by Instant in response to your few keystrokes) then all you get is spam. Spam is optimized for frequent queries, not very specific ones. Instant should be renamed Instant spam . (I really don't understand your first/second sentence (what's injurious?) Also, I'm 40.) > I will accept that "Google screwed up" (...) if one of my users has a suboptimal Internet experience I respect that, and from a business point of view you're very right. The problem is, how do you improve her experience without screwing up mine? Why can't I search for pages that actually contain all the words I'm looking for, as I typed them, and not words "that were present in the page linking to this page" or words Google think I want although I didn't type them in? From a "moral" point of view (which you brought up), if she "wants to teach kids to read" maybe she could start by learning how to spell? > I think search result quality is a bit more involved than just testing whether a page contains a set of words Google bombs work because Google includes in the words of the current page, words in the links leading to the page (inside the anchor), and even, I believe, words in the page linking to the current page, outside of the link itself. And then fields are weighted to calculate relevance. Those long, long urls with the title of the page in the url started to appear and proliferate when people noticed that words in the url were given an important boost factor by Google. This broke the Internet a little, by the way. That's why we need links shorteners now, with urls containing whole goddamn paragraphs. I don't know why the above comment is being downvoted, but I'm guessing it's because it sounds "elitist" (which is apparently a very great crime). To elaborate, then: I agree with the parent comment that it's Google's job to make everyone's experience optimal (and not the user's), and it's certainly in the best interests of Google (or any business) to cater to the needs of as many of its customers as possible (although in the case of Google, as has been pointed out many times before, users are in fact the product). But I would argue that the real elitists are people who think "middle aged women" shouldn't be expected to actually learn how to use machines. "Middle aged women" (why single them out?) use machines all the time, whether at work or at home. They're expected to know how to use a spreadsheet, a word processor, a food processor. And they do. But somehow this expectation is lifted for "the Internet". Why? A search engine is not a person; it's certainly not a mind reader. A search engine is just a machine. Amazon is great but search on Amazon doesn't work too well; what works very well is to use Google and restrict the search to Amazon: site:amazon.com some product You're right, and yet I disagree with you (which I guess means I'm wrong). Your position is the path of least resistance: indulge users in their ignorance. It's optimized for the short term, and in other contexts leads to great catastrophes (fast food, for example). It would be interesting to know the proportion of Google ad revenue between displaying ads on its own properties (search, but also Gmail, etc.) and networks of ads on external content. The reason why spam exists is because people make money from it. If AdSense is the problem, how much would it hurt to just drop it? Certainly another system would appear, but then Google could discriminate against any website with ads on it without being accused of being unfair to competitors. Yes, the end of my comment was a (weak) attempt at humor, since there has been quite some talk lately about Google building cars that will drive themselves: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/10/science/10google.html Edit: actually, all I really wish for, is for allintext: to work all the time. Why would I be a robot if I'm logged in, on an account of a normally active Gmail box? Also, why is it such a secret? Why not make it more visible? A checkbox on the home page... The Food Network? Really? The home of "semi-homemade"...? ;-) About Clarke's law, here's an observation by George Bernard Shaw: "Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it." Quotations aside, the process you're describing is certainly excellent; it's probably what Blekko is trying to pull, in a scalable way. It'll be interesting to watch how it plays out. Thanks for the info. But how would SERP quality drop if pages without ads received a boost? Many high quality sites have ads, but not all. Yet all spam sites have ads (or else what's the point of spamming). So by discriminating against pages with ads, you eliminate spam at the (possible) cost of hurting a little legitimate sites with ads. This should be testable. > plenty of spammers optimize for long tail searches But how do they do it? By nature, there are many more long tail searches than frequent ones, and each one is rarer (or unique). How do spammers find them? It's easy to filter out spam once we identify it; so the question is: "what is spam"? Some argue that content farms such as Demand Media aren't spammers, because the content they produce actually satisfies better the casual searcher than elaborate, savant exposés on the same subject. Casual content for casual searchers. Others consider that content farms-issued pages are the epitome of spam: spam that doesn't look like spam, and that ends up cluttering search results. Spam is not irrelevance: spam is clutter . A corollary to "what is spam" is: "who should make the call"? Originally, Google tasked itself with making this call, and it did a pretty good job at it. But why not me? It should be possible for Google to make a difference between "casual" and serious content, and then let the user decide which they prefer. Well actually, that is already possible: it's called "reading level" and it's accessible in the advanced page. Searching for "how to wire an outlet" gives ~12 M results, the first of which comes from about.com. When filtering the search to display only "advanced reading level" results, there are only 264,000 results left, the first two coming from Wikipedia (and the 3rd and 4th still coming from ehow.com). So Google already knows what is "casual content" and already lets users filter it out. Maybe a simple solution would be to add the filter directly in the search results page instead of having it buried in the advanced options. But that is not true of any other human activity. Every human activity is learned. The correct way to eat is not to throw handfuls of food towards your face, hoping that some will end in your mouth. That is how toddlers eat, until they are taught otherwise. The correct way to write is not to scribble on a table with the wrong end of the pen. Etc. Yet you argue that the correct way to use a search engine should be "how you do it when you first try it and don't know anything about it". This is inconsistent with what you have been doing since you were born. Good point, but ExpertsExchange has ads too. It also behaves in a spammy way, burying the answers at the very end of the page. That should be detectable behavior. Another story on the front page of HN today documents how the original paper linking vaccine to autism was a fraud (a downright lie). Interestingly, when one searches for just "vaccine autism" in Google here are the titles of the first 4 results: Medical fraud revealed in discredited vaccine-autism study MMR vaccine controversy - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 'No evidence' for autism-vaccine link (cnn.com) Journal: Study linking vaccine to autism was fraud - Yahoo! News There are zero results from content farms in the first 20 results. So, curiously, on such topics, content from content farms is completely filtered out by Google. (If one searches for the same topics only on ehow.com for example, the results talk about a "controversy" and say nothing about an actual fraud). Is the filtering the result of general Page Rank algorithms (pages on eHow on autism receiving less links than pages on cooking or wiring outlets) or are pages already weighted by topic, by Google? ("important topic" => "casual content" bad; "casual topic" => "casual content" ok) Fewer humans do that query because it is kept almost secret (why do bots like allintext ?) I wouldn't mind answering a captcha from time to time, but instead Google just bans the use of allintext for several dozen minutes (or more). Really frustrating. Exactly. The point is that users who consider eHow useful, don't filter it, and users who do, do. Let the user decide instead of doing it for them. > We can make software do anything we want (almost). We can build new software to do anything we want (if we know how to program). But some individual somewhere cannot have Google behave in some specific way. In that sense Google is very much a physical object of the world. I totally, completely and unconditionaly agree with your last point: it is absolutely in the best interests of Google to respond to every query with relevant results, however it's formulated. If 99% of Google users ask Google questions like they would a person, then Google should be able to provide answers; that is true even if only 10% of users used it that way. My point however is not about Google: it is about the user. The user would gain from learning how search engines work, and formulate their queries accordingly. It's often stated that users shouldn't be bothered to learn how to use your service, because "they have more important things to do" and "there are other services to choose from". This is good advice for businesses (common sense, really); it is bad business to expect users to dedicate time and effort to use your system. But I have a hard time accepting that this is an excuse for users to ever learn anything. At the same time as it is Google's responsibility to serve users as best it can, it is each user's responsibility to try to improve their mastery of such tools. The lesson here is to use names that don't carry content/meaning. A name is a pointer. > Joseph Banks Rhine, a psychologist at Duke, had developed an interest in the possibility of extrasensory perception, or E.S.P. Rhine devised an experiment featuring (...) cards printed with one of five different symbols: a card was drawn from the deck and the subject was asked to guess the symbol. A [test subject] averaged nearly 50% during his initial sessions, and pulled off several uncanny streaks, such as guessing nine cards in a row. The odds of this happening by chance are about one in two million. I think this is what happened: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn7-JZq0Yxs#t=1m24s (opening scene from Ghostbusters). The point of "replicability" is to eliminate bias; but it assumes bias affects each person independently. In fact, bias is also a cultural phenomenon and is subject to fashion. Some results are expected at a certain point in time; replicating an experiment with different experimenters ("scientists") at the same time doesn't eliminate the "fashion bias". Repeating the experiment ten years later does. > I worry about statements like "Such anomalies demonstrate the slipperiness of empiricism." I found the end of the article very honest and open, except the two last paragraphs, which are indeed a little sensationalist and relativist (the sentence you quote is the first of the last paragraph). The article should have stopped at "the decline effect is actually a decline of illusion" (perfect conclusion). Highlighting is neat; but concerning deep linking, the parent has a point: since the NYT controls the source, why not simply generate anchors for each paragraph? The upside would be that there would be much less work needed to find edited paragraphs: a paragraph would be identified by its anchor and it could be changed completely, as long as the anchor is still there the link's fine. This approach has certainly been envisioned: it would be interesting to know why it was put aside? > To survive natural selection the gene must give the animal some reproductive advantage. Most probably, but not necessarily. A gene can be present without being useful because it is linked to another gene that is itself useful; or it can be a leftover from an earlier moment of evolution where it was useful, and then it ceased to be useful but there was never an evolution pressure strong enough to have it disappear. In summary, just because a gene is present and active does not mean it's useful today . How did they "move" to SF -- esp. regarding visa issues -- is what we'd like to know... Tell us more! A tourist visa is limited to 3 months I think; and founding (and funding) a startup is certainly considered "work"? > I don't recall anything about actually moving to the US It's right there in the title and in this sentence (last sentence of paragraph 2): the team decided they would pack their bags and move across the Atlantic for good I don't understand much about visa rules; from a distance it seems the rules are very strict and complex, but enforced unevenly; I would love to read a comprehensive article on this subject. I don't know if this is the proper place (if not, sorry), but there's a device I've been dreaming about and that I would gladly pay for: a home router / service that would also do antivirus, content filter and VPN in a user-friendly, turn-key way. There are products that address some of these features (and yes it can be custom built "by hand"), but I'm not aware of something that does it all out of the box? Here's a more detailed description. 1. Antivirus 1.1 At the gate Since the only way to get something on my computers is via the Web, it doesn't seem efficient to run an AV on each one; this device would check all incoming traffic. 1.2 "AV DMZ" Ideally, this device would also be able to do an AV check on hard disks and such when connected to it via USB, so that if someone comes to my house with a USB drive I can check it there without having any other machine with an antivirus installed. 2. Proxy / filter 2.1 AdBlock This is currently worse than antivirus software (except that it's free): one needs one AV per computer, but one AdBlock per browser (and some browsers can't have any, except by using a proxy). Having it centralized would be so much simpler. 2.2 Content filter / blocker Most home routers have some sort of white list / black list mechanisms, but they have to be edited manually; this device would filter content based on crowd-sourced lists; there could be different lists of differing strength (cf. all the recent talk about content farms). 3. VPN Content is being more and more controlled, either at the source (Hulu) or by governments, even in the West (France, Australia and others -- cf. Wikileaks). A VPN service that would a/ encrypt traffic and b/ make it originate from different places in the world (user-selectable among different solutions offered by the service, maybe for different prices) would alleviate all those problems. > If someone on your network decides to search for content you have blocked... I don't mind; it's a device for the home, not for the office. I'm not trying to enforce anything for my "users", I'm just looking for convenience for me. Content blocking is not a punishment that people would want to escape: it's a reward! Use it if you want to, don't use it if you don't want to... This is a small detail, but this checkbox: Save your name and work history. could use a so that it works when one clicks on the text as well as on the box. Encoding video is not an automatic process that can be sent to a batch process and forgotten about; encoding is art , meaning it has to be done by someone who masters their tools, visually checks the result and adjust the process accordingly, for each video (even for each scene!) Otherwise the result is shit. So, changing codecs is a lot of work for content producers; maybe it's for the better, but don't say "it's just a script", because it simply isn't. (I agree with your last paragraph though). This evokes another business idea: airanything.com -- airbnb for everything else. > * and it’s privacy message seemed to resonate with users* > While... but... Is there a copy editor at Wired? But detecting duplicate content should not be very difficult, esp. now that Google indexes everything almost in real time. The site that had the content first is necessarily canonical and the others are the copies? Because we don't understand what's hard, we think you're not really trying, and then we make up evil reasons to explain that. I believe if people understood better the difficulties of spam fighting they would be more understanding. > Because that wouldn't solve the problem for clones of other sites, or clones in other languages. Sites that are the victims of content cloning have to be very visible and valuable, so maybe a little manual curating could be relevant. > the Stack Overflow cloners could just make other websites Not really? The point is not to tag the clones but to tag the original; everything that is not the original and that has copied content is a clone -- its name, domain or country notwithstanding. How do you measure your own performance regarding spam? If the measurement system is able to detect spam, why is spam not removed in the first place, before it has a chance to show up in the metrics...? The master quote is this: a good story will give you more dimensionality than you can ever cope with . Don't bother with technology. What "piracy" proves is that people are more than willing to trade quality for convenience. People will put up with crappy image and garbled sound if it means they can watch what they want faster. The movie industry loves technology because technology scales (sort of); but what sells tickets are story and talent. Avatar is a counter-example, yes. But I would argue that in this case the main story was technology itself -- in a non-scalable way: the uniqueness of a technology leap. Incorporating 3D in every single movie just because Avatar was a huge hit would have been like shooting only sinking ships after Titanic. Scraping from a central server has two problems: 1) you have to pay for it 2) you can be blocked by the content providers Would it be possible to leverage your end users instead? While your users read articles in your app, the app probably does little; couldn't it use that (mostly idle) time to scrape other articles, and send back to your central server the scraped/cleaned content? Then all the server does is store and serve. (Of course you'd have to warn users and check for the type of connection (only do this when the user is on wifi?) but it would be quite legitimate for your app to download content that has actually been requested by the user). It's also very expensive. Basic Nokia phones that don't do much more than calls and SMS and that are very simple to operate and very sturdy, can be found (new) for around EUR 20. > I know the teams that support users and advertisers work really hard to scale If the examples given in the original article are true, esp. the fact that when one copies an ad to a different category, without changing anything, the copied ad has to be manually approved again, then it doesn't look like scaling is a concern. But I think part of the problem is that ad-copy approval is a "ACB": ass-covering business. Kind of like the TSA. If something gets through, you need to be able to show that you did anything you could to prevent it, and it's really not your fault. ACBs don't care for efficiency: what they want is documentation. The difference is the risk. If you steal (or "forget" to scan) a pack of noodles then the grocery store loses maybe one dollar. If an inappropriate ad gets through it could (potentially) lead to a major PR disaster for Google. Whereas you being unhappy with the product or the process really makes no difference to Google, since they are the only game in town. (For the record I'm really not "defending" them; I just try to understand their incentives). Same experience here. Nokia phones (esp. basic ones -- the less buttons the better) are virtually indestructible. Very interesting -- but there is more information in the original blog post: http://blog.filmaster.com/filmaster-unveils-movie-recommenda... How rich is their catalog, though? They apparently exist only since 2008; search does not seem to work very well and is very slow. As an example, this movie: http://filmaster.com/film/criminal/ http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0362526/ on IMDB which is a kind of B-movie but great (and I believe sort of well-known), has "no description yet"... Is anyone using filmaster.com that could comment? Looks like Microsoft is "innovating" again... > When the experiment was ready, about 20 Google engineers were told to run the test queries from laptops at home An interesting side-effect is that Bing has in its logs the home IPs of the Googlers involved in this research (i.e., anyone who searched for "hiybbprqag" in Dec. '10). > If it were just click data, how would they get the terms? Exactly. It's not "click data" at all. It is monitoring user behavior on search engines , using both the clicks and the queries . Maybe it's not monitoring just Google as a search engine (although we have no proof of that yet: it seems it's just watching Google) but given Google's market share in search it doesn't make much difference. From the article: > I don’t even work in search and I could spot the real situation This sentence is at the same time arrogant and funny. He doesn't work in search, but he's certain he's spotted "the real situation". How did he fact check it, besides asking himself if he was correct and answering "yes, obviously I'm right. I'm always right -- and I don't even know anything! I amaze myself." > where's the evidence that it's exclusively search engines they're monitoring? Let alone exclusively Google? There has been no evidence yet presented The evidence that has been presented by Google does show that MS is monitoring Google's search results, or at the very least users' behavior when using Google. I agree that there's no evidence that Google is the only search engine that's being monitored, but it makes little difference since for all practical purposes Google == search. There's also no evidence that MS monitors other websites / behavior other than just search engines, but it's unclear how that would work? You can't just associate two websites because some users go from one to the other (correlation vs. causation, etc.) - - - At this point we're still in the "he said / she said" phase, but Google has more evidence and MS is coming out as incredibly defensive (e.g., raising an inquiry from the European Commission[1]: what does that have to do with anything!!?!) [1] http://twitter.com/fxshaw/status/32519996852674560# It's a little late for me to elaborate but here's what I meant: Microsoft has a long history of copying its competitors and calling it "innovation". Absent any other evidence, that tends to put the burden of proof on them. > no one is typing a url by hand. We use google I type urls by hand and do CTRL+Return to add the .com and get there. But even if everyone is using Google, a unique name like "roollr" will certainly be easier to find than "roller" that will exist in many tlds. How will your users remember that you're the .at one, and that .com or .it have nothing to do with you? It's so much easier for everyone to use a .com (BTW I don't know if you chose roller as a generic example, but roller.com is apparently for sale at sedo). What does "per computer" mean? I have some file servers in my home (readynas and nslu2): how would I use Blackblaze to back them up?