Its because the robots.txt file is created by combining a static file ( https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... ) with an on-wiki page so that different language wikipedias can manage the file themselves - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Robots.txt In wikisyntax, starting a line with a space ensure's that its in a pre tag, so this was a way to make the onwiki page show the entire thing in a pre tag and not use normal formatting. This seems to be broken by actually starting a literal pre tag inside the first line, but I'm pretty sure this used to work as a way to display the entire thing in a pre tag. For the curious, the code generating the robots.txt file is at https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... Wikipedia does have that https://haw.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_papa_kinohi In order for wikipedia's anyone can edit to work, its really important that when someone makes a bad edit to a popular article that it can be removed immediately. This is important both to get things fixed quickly and to make it less of a juicy target so less people vandalize (no fun to vandalize if it doesnt stay up). I suspect latency in the minutes for cache updates would be unaceptable to wikipedia users Yes but if someone replaces the picture on the trump article with goatse, and non power users get this version for 30 minutes until the cache clears - they are going to be pretty pissed and start yelling to power users & just generally cause a PR disaster. Additionally if vandals know their vandalism will stay for 30 min, they are much more likely to do it, which is a vicious cycle I took a latin class in uni. I think it did help a bit because it made me think about the syntactic structure intellectually, where my native tounge the syntax comes intuitively. Not saying it magically made me a super programmer or anything, but i feel like it certainly didnt hurt my programming skill. In canada, its common in a lot of places, but not universal. When I was growing up, we had K-8 in one school, and then 9-12 as high school, although I think my home town now has a middle school system. Its not an ad hominem. Its only an ad hominem if someone makes an unrelated personal attack against the source of an argument. The original argument was that these documents are suggestive of facebook corporate culture/evilness. A counter argument that the documents are cherry-picked by someone with a grudge (which may or may not be true) directly responds to the original claim that you can gleam a fair picture of facebook based on these documents. Thus it is not an ad hominem (that's not to say that it is necessarily a good argument) To do what precisely? Separate the advertisment unit from the socialnetwork aspects of the bussiness? How would that work, the advertisement portion is what generates revenue for the social media product. Usually companies get split up so they cant use their dominance in one area to forcibly move into another area. But advertisements in facebook social network isnt a separate product-its what the social network is selling Also fandom (aka wikia, aka wikicities) Although i agree he's had a lot of underwhelming projects, and i dont see anything particularly special with this one >“I believe the Canada companies … are managed in a way that the administrators simply declare annually NO-ACTIVITY. In other words, they cheat a bit,” So the trick to using canada as a tax haven, is to lie on your taxes? I feel like that approach also works in other countries And now we have https://wikidata.org Im saddened by the death of rss too, but i think its a lot to blame that soley on google. If the rss ecosystem was so weak, that shutting down a single rss client killed it, it couldn't have been long for this world anyways. You mean www.xn--faebook-vxa.com of course :P Wikipedia didnt use unicode originally, en, da, sv, nl language wikipedia all used windows-1252. This all changed somewhere around 2004 i think, but there is still legacy code to deal with edits from before the switchover point. I imagine the answer is, it kind of sucked but people made due the best they could with the limited allowed characters. Its not like IPA notation is a critical feature A main point of this seems to be that most projects on github are abandoned. What a stupid comparison. That would be like listing all the commercial projects that go out of bussiness, or dont even progress far enough to get funding in the first place, and saying closed source model is a failure because most closed source projects fail. If that was true, why did tags have that horrible hack where the contents started with For example, i consider greg egan (e.g. "Diaspora") and peter watts (e.g. "Blindsight") to be authors whose works are improved and excellent because they are hard sf. Which is not to say there arent plenty of bad hard sf novels out there, there are. There are also plenty of amazing "soft" sf too. Hard sf is just a different type of novel, with different benefits and weaknesses. Like any (sub) genere it can be amazing in the right hands and terrible in the wrong. > time travel, superluminal communication, or infinite energy aren't included You should read the "orthogonal" series by greg egan :) Seems like a lot of weirdly defensive people in this thread. But the essay doesnt really seem that revolutionary more common sense. If you want to make an impact, dont work in an oversaturated field. The low hanging fruit is probably already picked and other people will probably get there before you do. But you also dont want to work in a field nobody cares about as noone will care. Working on a problem with proven demand, but seems "boring" and hasn't changed much recently is a good bet, as there is probably new insights you can apply and new contexts that have appeared since last time there was a frenzy for that field. I don't see why writing an operating system and surounding tools in C++ is a crazy decision (I'm assuming you meant windows & desktop apps by saying microsoft). Certainly not in the early 90's, but if you have a big codebase of that already, sticking with it doesn't seem crazy to me. People make too much of a fuss over the differences between programming language. There are some important differences (whether or not memory safe is a big one, but it is hardly critical to a succful bussiness) but by and large the difference between using say php, python, etc for your program is superficial in the extreme. I somewhat suspect by the time something is "popular" it is, almost by definition, oversaturated. Its sort of like weird investment strategies (e.g. always buy stocks on mondays, or whatever I dont actually know anything about stocks). Sure some of them may work originally, but unless i am extremely well connected, by the time i hear about it, everyone else knows too and the market has corrected for it. Perhaps another metaphor is a gold rush. Even if there really is gold in those hills, if everyone knows there is, its probably already too late to go out and buy a shovel. That said, i agree that there is plenty of survivorship and hindsight bias when it comes to any advice on how to be succesful. Similarly, how many actual physicists actually seriously argue about interpretations of quantum mechanics? I'm not a physicist but i'm pretty sure its a thing more talked about by philosophers and the popular press than actual physicists. Not that there is anything wrong with philosophizing and inquiring into metaphysical questions. > Would you also have viewed Einstein as just a medieval philosopher back in his day ? Einstein's theories were a response to experiments and known facts of the day, that didn't fit the current theoretical models. Sure plenty of it was difficult to test at the time (and still is in some ways when it comes to human scale. How many people do you know that have actually experianced human scale time dialation?) but its not like it was some castle in the sky totally divorced from the observable reality of the day. Additionally even for predictions that weren't practically testable immediately, they were still testable theoretically given enough engineering effort. There is a big difference between not yet knowing how to test something, and not even knowing what you would test if resources/effort were no issue. The nytimes article you linked has the quote: > But what is the wave function? Is it a complete and comprehensive representation of the world? Or do we need additional physical quantities to fully capture reality, as Albert Einstein and others suspected? Or does the wave function have no direct connection with reality at all, merely characterizing our personal ignorance about what we will eventually measure in our experiments? Isn't this really just asking about scientific realism? Couldnt you say the same thing about any scientific concept? Instead of "what is the wave function", why not "what is an atom". I suspect the main difference is that earlier physical theories had a direct analogy to real life events. We could tell a story about the billard ball model of atoms and we can imagine that in our heads. I have no idea how to imagine a superposition of states. Without the ability to analogize it, i suspect humans intuitively assume its wrong. But lack of imagination hardly seems like a logical reason to reject something. On the other hand, the question of how/when/why (non-metaphysically) a superposition collapses into a single state, seem much more scientific, and that part of the measurement problem seems like a worthy target of scientific investigation. Disclaimer: iana physicist nor really know anything beyond basics about quatum mechanics. The conclusion i'd draw is that alcohol is complex and has good and bad aspects. Some scientists study the good parts, other the bad Fun fact though, photoshop used to be available for solaris http://www.erimez.com/misc/Photoshop_Sun_Brochure.pdf Interesting. But it seems like it would add a lot of attack surface if all these things are within the secure enclave. This is not trure. Provincial powers are not delegated by the federal government. The canadian constitution lists certain powers the provinces have and certain powers the federal gov has, with basically anything unmentioned being federal. The federal government doesnt just decide willy nilly what is being delegated to the provinces. The lieutenant governor doesnt serve under the governor general-they just have different spheres of influence . In provincial matters the lieutenant-governor represents the queen, not the governor general. This is canada we are talking about not britian or anywhere else. There is a written constitution (there are also unwritten parts of the constitution but that is beside the point). The written constitution lays out the powers of different levels of government. https://www.canada.ca/en/intergovernmental-affairs/services/... Inparticular to quote the gov of canada website: >"For example, the federal Trade and Commerce power (s. 91(2)) has been interpreted to mean that Parliament can regulate trade generally in Canada, as well as the flow of trade across provincial or international borders, but cannot regulate the operation of particular industries, businesses or professions within provinces. The provincial power over Property and civil rights (s. 92(13)) gives provinces the authority to regulate trade and commerce within their respective territory." I think the joke is, that canada wanted strong federal government and weak provinces and ended up with the opposite. USA wanted strong states and weak fed, but ended up with opposite.* *IANA political scientist, i dont know how true this actually is. I think everyone knows what we want to build (A large-scale quantum error corrected device that we can run shors algorithm, etc on). But we are nowhere remotely near that so we have to argue over much less impressive milestones (not that what google did isn't impressive, it is. Just far off from our quantum dreams) Asking the liklihood is kind of the wrong question. The problem with sha-1 is the possibility that a malicious person could intentionally make two files with the same hash (in order to do evil). The probability of this happening if someone decides to do it and has sufficient resources to pull it off, is 1. The probability of it happening accidentally hasn't changed and is so small it might as well be 0. Every lottery is garunteed to have a winner. Doesnt mean i wouldnt be excited if i won the jackpot Lol, i wonder if this is the first example of someone using the inverse of the length extension attack to trick people Perhaps not a "positive" story, but legit dmcas do happen from time to time and seem reasonable enough to me (or at least reasonable enough in a world with copyrights). For example look at this list of dmca notices against wikipedia that wmf actually thought were valid https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Office_actions/DM... most of them seem reasonable enough to me. (IANAL) The problem is no effective oversight. Laws without oversight are going to be obviously abused. The DMCA is like if police were responsible to ensure their own warrents are valid. Wouldn't that just be a normal copyright infringement lawsuit? I guess i dont see what the fuss is. Instead of looping through the numbers, they precalculate the answers and loop through that instead. Personally this seems about equivalent of replacing all instances of 2+2 in your program with just 4, and then claiming the program doesnt use addition. Both solutions seem to deal with group theory to basically the same extent. > They actually don't precalculate, since Haskell is lazy. I mean they ditectly put into the source code that the pattern is "", "", "fizz", etc..., and repeat (in a lazy fashion), instead of having the computer calculate which integers give a fizz/buzz. So the programmer is in a sense precalculating at the time of writing the program, instead of having the computer calculate the result of the if statements at runtime. I think you misunderstand what i mean by "precalculated". I just mean the answer is embeded in the source code and not calculated at runtime. It doesnt matter how you embed it in the source code, whether that is a list literal or constructed via functions or whatever Edit: for clarity, the reason i think this is kind of a cop out, is that in the article the author seems to call out not using if-then-else as a benefit of this solution, compared to the normal version that takes a list of integers and transforms it using if/then/else and mod operations. But i dont really think it counts as not using if/then/else if you literally do the same operation in your head and then just write down the transformed list explicitly, to save the computer the effort of transforming the list at runtime for you. My objection is that the author presents it as a totally different approach, but to me it looks like the same approach as the original but with constant propagation applied. (With a little time away from this discussion, i guess tbf i must admit determining the order of the group is a bit more than constant propagation) Also with a little more sympathetic eye, i suppose the new version is more evocative of the underlying group and such representations are much more in line with the mores of functional programming. At the same time, i cant help but think its a bit pretentious to talk about being isomorphic to a cyclic group and otherwise evoke high level math, just to say, you know this program whose output by definition repeats in a very obvious pattern, well guess what, its output is cyclic. Well yes, if these things represented different things, then the output of the program would be incorrect. To put it another way, the original version was explicitly calculating the function ℤ -> { "", "fizz" }. The new version had the results of this function directly embeded in the source code (and hence precalculated as opposed to calculated at runtime). I just don't see the two of these approaches really being all that different Its kind of begging the question in a way. The only reason you can conclude this is related to Z3 and Z5 is because the original problem statement said to repeat fizz every 3 numbers, and thus its related to cycluc groups. But the only aspect of group theory used seems to be that Z3 repeats cyclicly (which was the fact we used to invoke group theory in the first place). So it seems rather circular. Pretty sure its existed for at least a year or two None, its a usecase difference not a technical one. but samesite is designed to tackle csrf (a problem with using cookies for auth). It wont prevent user tracking. Does it? Websites can just opt out if they dont like samesite cookies. Even if they couldnt, its trivial for the website operator to work around if they want (and website operators are almost always in on user tracking) I care more about what debian thinks than OSI, but yes i do care. I would read the agreement too, but IANAL nor am i an intellectual property expert. Legal agreements are tricky and can have non-intuitive consequences. > as it doesn't rely on site developers updating and setting the new flag right. Chrome is enabling this flag by default. Websites can opt out, but if they do nothing they are opted in. Blocking third party cookies doesnt really stop csrf attacks. At most it makes the attack a bit more noticeable as it prevents some of the quieter methods of pulling off the attack. Since as far as i understand, if you submit a cross-domain POST form, that's still a first party cookie Not sure how this is relavent, but IE had document.execCommand('ClearAuthenticationCache'); for http or TLS auth. Dont think other browsers have anything Http basic/digest auth doesnt last beyond the session, so just close the browser window? Probably putting a different username in the url would work too (in non ie) >I didn't drink often, not more than once a week. But it was usually a binge episode, having at least 10 drinks. Just fyi, i think most people would consider having 10 drinks in a single session, once a week, to be "often" 4) Get better friends (better being not a moral judgement, but better for your needs) Some people like to socialize over drinks, others don't really like it and some only want to do that on special occasions or rarely. Its like anything else. E.g. some people obsess over board games, some people like board games now and then, and some people really hate board games. If your friend group is based mostly around board games and you dont want to play board games anymore, in the long term, its probably best to find some non-board game obsessed friends. Same goes for drinking. The md5 weakness (that everyone talks about) is about collision resistance, which isn't relavent to password hashing. Generally you want slow, high cpu & memory hash functions for password hashing. This is the opposite of what md5/sha/blake aim for, as they want to be fast as possible. A fast hash allows the attacker to make many guesses very quickly (i think you can get something like 2 billion sha256 hashes a second with high end gpus). A slow hash makes it harder for the attacker to take lots of guesses (adding high mem usage helps protect against using alternate architectures like fpgas to speed things up). Anyways, for passwords use something like argon2. > This seems a quite dangerous way of thinking. New attacks, methods to attack crypto are discovered regularly. He does actually address this counterargument in his paper. In fact most of his paper is a rebuttal to this argument (the status quo wisdom, so to speak). What other theoretical quantum design? AES256 is considered quantum proof because grover's algorithm can in theory basically half they key size, and aes128 is secure on normal computers [we are still very very very very far away from a quantum computer that can use grover's algorithm to bruteforce aes128]. I'm not an expert on the subject but i believe a new quantum algorithm that could break aes256 would be a very major breakthrough in designing quantum algorithms. Well the typeface is maybe a little odd, it is perfectly readable to me. I disagree about all computer languages being about lambda calculus. Lambda calculus is fundamentally about functions being first class objects (as opposed to say sets, if we are taking a math prespective). Well that has become a more popular language feature, plenty of languages do not support this. C being an obvious answer. I'm not a haskell programmer, but I agree with you on the math aspect being largely over excited bloggers. Sometimes i feel like half the haskell articles posted here are taking some simple concept, wrapping it up in heavy duty mathematical machinery, not using the machinery for anything, and then proclaiming profound insight. The other week there was a haskell article on hn literally talking about how great it is that strings form a semigroup under concatenation, because i guess nobody realized you could concat strings before that. Do people actually claim haskell-ish math (i.e. abstract algebra type stuff) is just like school (highschool?) math. If so, i wish i was in their high school. Sounds much more interesting than mine. People overstate the connection between math and computer programming. Sure there are math heavy areas, but your average programmer isn't into them. At most programming typically involves the mildest amounts of whats in an intro to discrete math course. If you can objectively measure the quality of a program (in a non-bs) way, you could probably make millions. There are whole industries around code health metrics. Wouldn't the obvious capitalism solution to that be - loans become very cheap because people dont know what else to do with their money. Lots of people now have access to (other people's) capital. Wealth is no longer as concentrated, wisdom of crowds prevail? Sure, you could do a lot of things. I'm not arguing for capitalism as a fair and moral system, just that i think that OP should account for why this isn't happening/doesnt work in order for his argument that the issue is concentration of capital (as opposed to some other issue) to make sense On the contrary, this happens all the time in the real world. You ask the user for a password. Maybe the user gives the right password maybe they don't. Its beyond my understanding, but i think goes into it https://www.ams.org/journals/notices/201910/rnoti-p1618.pdf From what i read it has something to do with refuting the Connes embedding conjecture, but i dont actually know what that is In fairness, its pretty hard to explain what MIP*=RE to a layman (or even to tech people if the comments on hn are any indication). At least the intro kind of evokes the feeling of what the problem is about, even if its pretty corny. Just imagine, you're about to get a proof that some program halts and just before you verify it you are eaten by a grue. > (d) one's opinion on the morality of a certain alleged episode has no bearing on its legality While this is true, the related question over whether the law in question is "just", is very much a relavent issue, and something worthy of comment. > In a capitalistic model it makes little sense why Wikipedia should thrive without enriching someone so massively in the process, therefore, it must be corrected Err what? If a model of reality is incorrect you throw out the model, you dont try to modify reality to fit the model. This is akin to saying something like: Solar panels* dont work in classical physics therefore coal is better. * iana physicist. I assume they have something to do with quantum physics but dont really know This makes no sense. I dont even know what you are trying to claim. Is one of your premises that capitalism predicts the highest quality product wins at the marketplace? Because that's not what capitalism is. If it was we would all be eating at 5 star resturants all the time as they have the highest quality product when you ignore price. Are you trying to claim that part of the reason mcdonald's is succesful is because they have a lot of money to spend on advertising and inertia? If so you are misunderstanding my point (or its just a non sequitor). The fact that gaining a lot of capital allows you an (arguably unfair, especially relative to idealized capitalism) advantage in the market place has nothing to do with my criticism that you are fallaciously finding evidence that contradicts your simplified model and then concluding that reality is wrong instead of your model. Not sure how that would help. I imagine currently its all rights reserved, and google is claiming that using their information is fair use. What the R&D dept aspires to maybe do in the future is hardly the same as what they do in the present. Ianal, but an additional issue, is from my (limited) understanding, copyright applies to presentation not facts or the idea of something. If you take some info and reword it so the original presentation is gone and only the factual idea is the same, i think you are in the clear. Again, ianal and dont really know what im talking about I dont know why you're being downvoted. It is a vpn protocol, just like IPSec, with the main difference being its much simpler, and hence "sucks" less. Well the messed up if logic is definitely a cause, i think part of the cause is the pattern of just validating input is safe instead of validating input at ingestion time and escaping just before output (shell out) time. I think doing both is a much more secure pattern* *easy to sit here and armchair make claims of course. I've also only read this post and not the actual code so maybe there is reason for doing it how they did. I'd add for writing the fix domain logic, probably most clear to fix it in one step, and then do the validation as a second step, instead of mixing the two. Minisculey less efficient but its much easier to follow if fixing and validating logic aren't mixed together. Idk, maybe having two decades of terrible hacker movies made people appreciate the old ones more. Personally I have always loved both Hackers and WarGames, but admittedly i wasn't around when they came out. Also make sure the people who hire you actually own the system being tested. Like if my neighbour hires some random to pentest my house for kicks, it doesnt make it ok for pentester to break into my house because they signed a contract with my neighbour I think part of the appeal is the fiction that you are in some sense "friends" with the celeb. Sure its obviously not true; In many cases celeb probably doesn't even operate the account. But if they moved to a custom site, it takes away all pretense of you being a celeb's "friend". My fave bit is the "its a cool model" as if charging your customers money to use your product is a new and unique bussiness model. Maybe this is naive, but I would assume if it was a bio-weapon it would be a lot more deadly. But the point of a bio weapon is not to kill everyone,just your enemy. So i guess you would want it to be very deadly and not spread to far. And i imagine you would want to primarily take out young healthy people (soldiers) not the eldery and sickly. (I assume) Weren't the original corporations basically perishes that had independent assets that were supposed to go to the officeholder instead of normal inheritence-sort of as a legal system hack? While there is a long history of corprate charters being to make money for the shareholders, i think there is a long history of other goals as well. They did at one point have the rights to some youtube web series content like red vs blue, the guild, and video game high school. Interesting. I kind of wish there was like an audio captcha app. If the number isnt in your contacts, voice comes on asking them to type some random 4 digit number. Well it is of course anarms race, almost all my call spam is recordings so i think itd be effective. Well an older draft version of spec says: >"The parameter to this message gives a specification of charging schemes acceptable. The client may retry the request with a suitable ChargeTo header." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRESP.html And charge-to is defined as >"ChargeTo: >This line if present contains account information for the costs of the application of the method requested. The format is TBS. The format of this field must be in extensible form. The first word starts with a specification of the namespace in which the account is . (This is similar to extensible URL definition.) No namespaces are currently defined. Namespaces will be registered with the registration authority . >The format of the rest of the line is a function of the charging system, but it is recommended that this include a maximum cost whose payment is authorized by the client for this transaction, and a cost unit." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRQ_Headers.html#z10 Thats kind of missing the point. Original poster wanted a minimal browser that has lower security surface. This is sort of like saying: Just because the computer doesn't have a password doesn't stop you from simply not using computers you're not supposed to. So your problem is not with the lack of passwords but with people who use computers they aren't supposed to. Decideability is absolutely not the problem. Subjectivity is a problem - There is no objective definition of an obnoxious ad. I mean, behaviour of a website may be undecideable. Behaviour over the 5 minutes you're viewing it is. I dont think notions from computability theory are particularly enlightening here. Well multilaterally decide. Its a small group but firefox isnt totally irrelavent yet. And thats ok in my opinion. The IETF describes itself as "rough consensus and running code" and it seems to work well. I dont have a problem with the web following that model. And now we have electron. Everything old is new again. Even further, appearently some people use hardware cards that use DMA to cheat. Which just seems incredible to me ( https://community.osr.com/discussion/291402/detecting-pcie-d... was the only reference i could find googling) I've never done an oral defense, but surely there is a difference between someone expected to be an intermediary to higher ups who know nothing, and an oral defense where subject matter experts attempt to stump you with tricky questions I live in canada. While its true there is less money here than usa, those numbers sound pretty low. Maybe that employer was just trying to screw you over? The linked article doesnt contradict the original post. Linked article says strength of 2 hash algos (of this type) is only as strong as the strongest and not the sum of their strengths. But original poster only needed the combined hash to be as strong as the sha256 for his/her purpose. Notwithstanding, i still dont like it as an idea. I thought it was a joke. The whole: blockchain isnt that inovative if you use a strict technical definition because lots of things are a chain of blocks before bitcoin was cool, meme. And honestly fair enough. The inovative part of bitcoin is not the blockchain but all the economics & game theory going on to create trust in the system Honestly the web was a thing before money took over, if the bussiness model collapses it collapses. If you cant make money on the internet without pissing off your userbase to such an extent they resort to specialized programs to modify your content to be not annoying, then you dont deserve to make money (yes, yes tragedy of commons, individual advertisers dont just affect themselves) But i somewhat imagine for at least pay per click ads the audience is separate from people with ad blockers, because when was the last time you ever intentionally clicked on a banner ad? If a magazine i sometimes read because its free closes shop because they raise prices and nobody wants to pay for it... I probably feel nothing because i was only reading it because it was free, and if the price is no longer worth it that's that. People always bemoan how x is going to die on the internet because of changing trends in advertising. Fact is many of these sites provide ok at best content, and are dying because the value they provide doesnt equal the cost they want to charge. There is a list of examples on the wikipedia article for the subject https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malvertising I dont even read or write bash shell scripts regularly and i can understand what that line is doing fine. I would not be able to understand if the entire thing was one line, so i think there is a significant difference. Just because something doesn't follow general rules for readable code, doesn't mean it is actually unreadable. 90% of everything is crap, and websites are a thing so 90% of them are crap. So its ok if they die. Then again, neither wikipedia nor youtubr hacker news have ads and that's like half of what i read on the internet right there. Edit: this is what happens when i try to post while falling asleep. Meant to say hn not youtube. Youtube definitely has ads If you are asking if i have memorized bash syntax fully and know that everything he did was valid, than the answer is no. However the intent of the code and what each component is supposed to do is clear, which is what i'm looking for when reading code. Heck, by this definition i'm not sure any code is really good enough. In my job i have to write php daily, i still need to regularly look at docs to figure out order of arguments for various library functions. I wouldn't be able to tell if explode($a, $b) in php has the right argument order at a glance without looking it up. But i understand the intent and generally assume the superficial aspects of the code are right unless that part appears not to work. And furthermore, adjusting the number of newlines isn't going to help with the question of if that piece of code is using bash syntax correctly. I wish there was more technical details or a whitepaper. All i can see is some handwaving about dht. But full text search is not really naturally applicable to a DHT approach. So what exactly do they do? How does what they do scale? How is work broken up between dht nodes (what exactly is being used as the hash key in the distributed hash table)? How does it deal with malicious nodes (SEO is a big thing in search)? Is the division of resources between dht nodes "fair"? How are results ranked? I feel like there is either 2 possibilities: Small number of indexes (like HotBot before google ruled the internet). I'm not sure an oligopoly is that much better than a monopoly Or you have a lot of indexes. But then the system scales really poorly. All the indexes have to handle a large number of queries and be hugely powerful, and all the clients have to spend a ton of time querrying and aggregating them. So the real problems. I think people say that others dont act rationally, when really they just don't understand the other person's goals and how their behaviour contributes to their goals. If i pass up $100 to get a burger, am i acting irrationally? It depends if i'm hungry. It depends how much $100 means to me (Am i bill gates?). Its impossible to say from the outside. I'm convinced much behaviour is basically the same except much more complex with multiple conflicting priorities. If we are in the space of compression than i think its relavent. The very obvious thing missing from the site is decode and encode benchmarks. Its very context dependent but if it had a long decode time, that could outweigh the bandwidth savings. If you're going to call someone misinformed, i think it would only be fair if you cited sources ? Why is Britian ideologically opposed to us (i assume us = USA) during WW2. For that matter, Israel seems the most ideologically similar to the USA of the various middle eastern governments. You of course have a point with Soviet Union and Saudi Arabia It was certainly interesting, and i think it maybe would have been fair game to report on his online persona and dissapearence, but the last bit of the article where they find his patent application and thus his employer, and then call his employer.... eww. Just no. So after he tried to delete himself from the internet, someone forked his code and then made it closed source... I generally believe in the right to leave but not the right to vanish. However it seems hypocritical to use the right to fork basically to get around somebody's wishes but then close source the app to not give others the right to fork. This presupposes that content and ideas are "property". I more subscribe to the idea that once you put content out into the world, it is no longer yours. (That said, all this chasing and doxing of this poor guy really is disgusting. If nothing else he absolutely has the right to leave and stop actively hosting things he doesn't want to host anymore.) Well i don't think i use 1333 pens in "years", so math checks out To me its weird that immutability is what is focused on. Yes immutability is not really great for Wikipedia; sometimes people accidentally post private info and its nice to be able to redact it. However it seems like the least of the problems of applying a bitcoin fork to hosting wikipedia. Like I can imagine immutable wikipedia being possible even if not desireable. I can't imagine using blockchain as backend database of wikipedia even remotely scaling to something like that. Heck, the entire pitch for bitcoin sv seems to be we will make bitcoin scale by removing all the limits that give normal bitcoin the slightest chance of scaling. It seems pretty rediculous even by bitcoin standards. Would you have been able to do that in python if you hadn't previously programmed in python, read the docs, seen examples? Not a whole lot of evidence in this essay. Sure its possible risk aversion is holding us back, but then again maybe it isn't. I may not have a better theory, but i am not particularly convinced either. Most importantly, if risk acceptance is the magic sauce, why do all these advances just start in 1945. Its not like people were super risk averse in the early 1900s or the 1800s. Then again i suspect there is some selection bias here to make all the data points fit in this time period. Its not like feminism started from nothing in 1945, first wave feminism goes before that. How risk friendly was NASA back in the day? I know there were deaths associated with the program, but every move was public, and every failure was a national failure and cold war propaganda defeat. I gotta imagine in that sort of climate nasa must have been very concerned about safety Right. I guess another contributing factor is these technologies build on another. Computers especially - I can only imagine how much effort computers saved by being able to simulate some physical systems very cheaply. After all that's a major point in the quantum computer hype train: that a quantum computer will be able to do for sciences that touch the quantum world what a normal computer did for sciences dealing with the non-quantum physical world. Isn't it the opposite? Boeing cut corners with the 737 MAX. As a result bad things happened. If boeing had an appropriate aversion to risk they would be in a better place. Instead they took reckless risks and now they are screwed. OCR goes back to the 30's https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_optical_characte... Automated translation the 50s And this is a weird list...some of these things are guinine advances improving thr human condition, then there is bitcoin and e-scooters. Not to mentions things that dont really exist in useful forms yet (quantum computing) Fizzbuzz? I'm pretty sure the only meaningful coding test is if you can program at all. After that everything becomes artificial in an interview setting. The original article was about kissing not being a general thing in lots of cultures. If a minority of people in those cultures still engage in kissing that hardly disproves the point of the article. >I almost responded (but refrained out of a sense of not being snarky) that the word "impractical" here actually means "uneconomical". Well yes, that is the definition of unpractical more or less. (Have you ever heard anyone say impractical and not just mean ecomomically unviable?) I guess it works a little better if done for historical subjects where their contribution can be viewed from a distance. There are plenty of computer things and people from the 70s and 80s which would make great documentary subjects. Bit of an unfair comparison there with csp on your website there. You cite the article that most csp policies are ineffective at preventing xss, but xss and data exfilitration are different things, and csp policies that are ineffective at blocking xss are often effective at blocking data exfiltration. Bitcoin also uses a DAG (albeit in a trivial sense), so umm? Skimming through the info on the tangle, concentrating on its dagness seems superficial (is it even one? They talk about merging nodes a lot which sounds like cycles to me EDIT: ignore this aside). Anyways, things like this should have security proofs (or at least arguments) and maybe it does, i havent read enough in depth to know. But if it doesn't i would say the skepticism is very well warranted I was also trying to find actual info. https://iota.org/IOTA_Whitepaper.pdf is the closest i found. Its still a bit annoying and meandery but its much better than the rest of their marketing drivel. A DAG describes a wide variety of data structures and choices. Bitcoin is a DAG. Actually wouldn't any sort of structure that prevents double spending have to be a dag? In order to prevent double spending you need to put transactions in topological order (to know how much money the account has). If you can do that your data structure is a DAG. Lol, not a "true decentralized currency" is sort of like saying north korea is not a "true democratic republic". Technically true but also misleading because the phrasing implies its sort of close to being there. Everyone concentrating on iota being a bs cryptocurrency. Which fair enough but i think that kind of burries the actual story: People trying to make a currency involving large sums of money don't even have the security controls to check they are not loading malicous dependencies from npm! This is not some fancy crypto hack, this is plain old boring compromised dependency from an ecosystem with a reputation for high profile compromises. Lol "on financial steroids" you say that as if it sounds like a good thing. Sort of like how society doesn't require me to not be a billionaire, but in practise i'm not a billionaire. Code not deployed and probably never tested (perhaps never even worked) does not count. I doubt it. What properties specificly? Hell even bitcoin doesn't have a great notion of verifability (verify what? No double spending? Lets hope your opponent doesn't control 33% of the hash power.). Central-db systems can issue recipts (like humans have been doing for thousands of years). Centralized cyrptocurrencies basically offer the same protection at best and much less at worse. Lots of this rings true, but i disagree about people only want to do the fun things. First of all often what one person considers boring another considers fun. Optimization was used as an example, but often optimization can be really fun (its like a puzzle). More generally, in my experience with an open source project that has both volunteers but a majority of paid devs (MediaWiki), often the volunteers are motivated by making it work well for their niche and will take on really annoying projects important to their niche that have been ignored by the paid devs as not being cost-effective or a priority for whatever reason. Not just publishing but capitalism in general. If you're a replaceable cog in the machine, you're probably not getting paid much. If you want to get rich in a capitalist society, either have scarse skills allowing you a good bargaining position or find a way to own the means of production. Well if we have to choose i'd prefer to not have them scheduled in the first place. Sure its not literally about the physical means of production, but more the abstract notion around creating/owning a bussiness. A hard problem that does involve real skill and lots of risk. The reason you're not starbucks isn't that you can't serve coffee out of your house. Do you think that independent coffee houses don't exist? Do you think that new coffee franchises don't come into being regularly? The reason you're not facebook has nothing to do with dmca or cfaa (relatively easy to comply with regulations). Do you think that facebook didn't have to deal with that when they started? They were hardly the first social network either so its not like they had first-movers advantage. >But that makes it a completely different problem. There is no longer a prohibitively expensive "means of production" causing the problem, to which a solution might have been collective ownership, but now instead a collection of barriers to entry to what might otherwise reasonably have been employee-owned businesses if not for the barriers that increase the scale required for success past what the employees can afford. Startup capital is still very much a problem you need to solve to start a businesses. Its just spent on different things than people did in the 1800s IANAGeologist, but couldnt you calculate and compensate for that? Its not like continental drift is random and unpredictable (afaik, i know nothing of this subject) At some point though, aren't you essentially reinventing a traditional db over top of sqlite? The reason to use depencies is so you don't have to reinvent complicated wheels Given that this article is about mitigating the risk of someone doing precisely that, i don't think "all bets are off" is a good position to take on that scenario. To summarize TFA: lets encrypt is now verifying domain ownership from multiple data centers. The idea being if someone tries to mitm the verification process (through bgp hijacking or whatever) its much harder to do that across the entire internet and go unnoticed then it is to do it on just one network path That kind of sounds like you are implying cutting down 50% of attacks is the same as cutting down 50% of the risks. But not all attacks are equal. Only a very small portion of the risk comes from the 50% you blocked. If you weren't trying to say that, my mistake. It's a turing complete language... so anything you want! I believe that recursive CTEs make sql a turing complete language. > Recursion == looping. Any looping construct, recursive or otherwise, that doesn't require a literal max iteration count implies Turing completeness. I'm not a computability theory person, but that doesn't sound right. Afaik, linear bounded automata can loop infinitely, but are not turing complete. Edit: After googling. I guess the important bit is conditional looping and unbounded storage. I think including recursive triggers is cheating a bit because the impressive bit is the query itself is turing complete without any other setup. But anyways CTEs don't just provide looping, they also provide a means to store and retrieve an unbounded amount of intermediate values. Its not obvious to me that that was possible in single query in sql without CTEs > Why do all these weird terms even matter to anyone else besides a self selected group of mathematicians? Why should anyone care about anything? This is rather obnoxious. First off, philosophy is an interesting subject in its own right. You're probably not going to get a good job in it. However nobody goes into philosphy thinking they're going to become a millionaire. The issue in this thread is that lambda school isn't as described. Tricking people is very different than teaching people some esoteric stuff they know upfront is kind of useless pragmatically Or maybe closing flight routes was a bad response rooted in fear and not logic? I don't know much about pandemics, but i would need to see experts who are independent of both WHO and USA say that WHO's policy is bad, before believing that they have been unduly influenced I think this is an unfair response. > DHCP will give you a DNS config So in other words "your default dns provider" > that DNS server can be local, remote Maybe a nitpick but i doubt dhcp is going to hive you a local dns server > it can support DNSSEC Which is irrelevent to the original complaint about "phoning home". DNSSec provides security against certain types of attacks like poisioning. Privacy & evesdropping are outside of its threat model > DNS over TLS (yes, that's a thing[0]). A thing with very little client support. Is it even possible to specify this via dhcp? > DoH takes away huge amounts of configuration, and the ability to locally host DNS and ensures that a central body gets your DNS requests. If you're doing this level of configuration, just disable DoH. Or host your own DoH server. Firefox choosing reasonable defaults that improve security for regular users in practise given the state of the world at this time, seems reasonable to me. By a similar token, you can opt-out of web pki by specifying all your own root CA's. But i hardly fault firefox for including sensible defaults. I guess i was interpreting local in the sense of localhost. Which, fair enough, in context that is a silly way to interpret local as local network makes much more sense in context. Afaict, the article basically claims that physics and cognitive science are connected because the fundamental goal is to understand problems in metaphysics (what "is" consiousness, what "is" matter). I gotta say, i agree with the grandparent. Metaphysics is philosophy. It is not physics. It is not cognitive science. At best the questions posed by metaphysics provide inspiration for physics and cogsci, but they are fundamentally not part of those fields. > Sorry but, how is Have I Been Pwned anything but a text search of data that is already publicly available? To be fair, google is also a (very glorified) text search of publicly available data when you get right down to it. Value is a combination of how useful you are to other people and how popular you are with other people, not how technically complicated you are. HIBP is both useful and popular - hence its valuable. Is that true? I've always thought that the right was mildly more hierarchial (which i would describe as "organized") and the left a little bit more grass roots. That said i have no sources and another ancedote doesn't mean much. It would be interesting to redo this analysis now. 2006 was a long time ago. In 2006 wikipedia was in a very rapid growth phase; lots of topics still didn't have good coverage yet. In 2020, I can't remember a recent time where a mainstream topic didn't have extensive coverage on en wikipedia. Do the masses still write most of Wikipedia now that the low hanging fruit has been written? Large grass roots social movements are not the only way to be organized though. I agree that the left seems to better be able to capitalize on that type of movement in recent history, but i dont think it follows that the right is disorganized, just organized differently. (Then again this is the trump ers and he is not really the establishment right wing im thinking of-To me at least he seems to be riding a wave of fairly disorganized [but powerful] right wing populism, so maybe you are right in regards to him) Universities skew younger even more than the internet does. I think there is an element of the left wanting to "fix" the world which appeals to young people, and the right wanting to "protect" the world from bad changes, which appeals to older more cautious people. So reddit isn't literally conscious with intentionality? You can basically say the same thing about literally anything that is not a person. I think you are mistaken. RE is the class that includes the halting problem. I know its really bad form to complain about downvotes - but can i ask if people are disagreeing with me or if there is something else objectionable in my comment? If its the former, i'm confused as its trivially easy to google the definition of recursively enumerable, if its the latter I am honestly curious. Not that surprising. There is a reason why EU made the GDPR. Its not like it was a law meant to solve a purely theoretical problem Aren't knowledge graphs just a buzzword way of saying "graph database"? So yeah, the types of problem a db system solves are db problems, even if its using a semantic network model instead of a relational model I don't know anything about that world... But honestly that sounds reasonable to me. Old money wants to keep their money, so they are risk averse. New money is in the process of making their fortune so they are more interested in betting big. Not really that clear. Im sure the gates foundation is pretty legit, but if scammers started selling home testing kits that didn't work that could definitely be a threat to the public interest. Too bad ndp got voted out. Too bad Klein didnt maintain the heritage fund... Realistically time to diversify was at least 10 years ago If you really want to stick it to google, you can always put a robots.txt file with disallow: * directive. But you probably don't. Presumably because you rely on google to direct users to your website. I find it hard to claim that publishers get squat out of this arrangement when google is probably the primary method relevant users find your content. Which to be clear, I'm not saying that website operators have any sort of duty to assist third parties in extracting just the useful part of their website. They obviously don't. They can make their website however they feel like. I just don't think the disdain of google over the practice of extracting and redisplaying content provided in a format explicitly for the purpose of letting people do that, is warranted. If you don't want to opt-in, that's fine, but google is doing nothing wrong by using data provided to the world for the general purpose of enabling them to do exactly what they are doing. Google does a lot of things. Some negative some positive. Personally I am pretty concerned about the near monopoly that chrome has. However they have had an extremely positive impact on (for example) the security of web PKI infrastructure. I find it hard to call them not a positive actor on the internet, when they are one of the more responsible parties for the internet being secure from surveillance - a huge boon to the health of the internet. Microformats was based on standard html. That comes with pros and cons. Pros being its very easy to adopt, including in legacy CMS systems that might not support the other fancier stuff. For that matter, it also means web developers already understand it (Especially compared to writing XML RDF documents...) It also allowed mixing the presentation with the format. that meant people only had to maintain one copy of data, so its less likely to get out of sync, and people are less likely to forget to add the data later on. Downside is you're using something not really meant to support the use case of annotating data, so it ends up being a bit hacky. These things also did not come out all at the same time. Future techniques were partially made in response to microformats, just like (I'm assuming a bit here) that microformats were made as a response to SemanticWeb RDF-XML stuff. Sure. Many of those business models still rely on people finding your site (although there are exceptions) Personally i dont think that they have "won". However the mere fact they have are seriously considered as an option, is a major victory. 10 years ago only the hard core capital F Free Software people used them or even considered them Heck, it took until firefox 3.6 to remove xbm support, and that is an utterly terrible image format for a web browser. The same thing that lead me to the conclusion that the sun will rise tomorrow. I don't really know for sure, but it seems to fit the pattern and that's the best i can hope for in absence of other data. Humans might have a tendency to gossip...but what's described sounds pretty extreme and well, toxic. To make the broader point, just because humans tend to be assholes does not mean we should accept people being assholes as "natural" or ok. If religion just "isn't your thing" I'm pretty sure that makes you an agnostic not an atheist. However the majority of atheists in my exerience are a bit more mellow. You can fully believe there is no grand deity without being "hostile" to the belief. As an example (that maybe is more generally relatable): I believe the world is round. I don't think I am hostile to the flat earthers. I think they are wrong based on evidence, but their ideas don't disgust me. I don't want to burn them at the stake or harass them. If they leave me alone I am content to leave them alone. So I dont think i am hostile to their beliefs. However i would never describe my relationship to the flat earth "theory" as "just not my thing". Arguably, war is about the life and death of your state as a political entity. The lives and deaths of the people are the PR spin. I don't really think he is conflating the two. OP make references to different types of conflicts. "Handling" occupied territories is something that can be a struggle both in standard all out nation state wars and in cases where you are fighting against gurellia warriors. I'm also similarly confused. The post explains request smuggling really well, but doesn't really explain how that equals getting the victim's cookies. This is my understanding of the bug: * Attacker sends malformed request to slack servers. Request gets split in two. First part results in something sent back to attacker, next part of request is treated as a prefix to the next legit (victim's) http request made * Slack backend server responds to victim's request treating it as having part of the attacker's request prefixed. The merged request results in a 301 http redirect response, redirecting the victim to an attacker controlled domain. * Victim's browser gets the 301, and follows the redirect. When following the redirect, the cookie header is somehow sent to the attacker's site I don't understand why the victim's browser would send the cookie header when following a redirect to a different domain. I don't understand how causing the victim to follow a cross-domain redirect would allow the attacker to extract the victim's cookie. Are you're saying its the slack's frontend server that is processing the 301, and not the user's web browser? And that slack's front-end server is configured as such that when it gets a 301 it just resends the entire request (including all headers) to the redirect destination? Edit: this seems likely to not be what he was saying and also not the case. Hmm that would make sense. The user-agent header does have "slack" in it so probably not a web browser, and its not far fetched that most libraries dont implement the same origin policy when it comes to headers and redirects. Honestly, that's probably the least interesting implication of a constructive proof that p=np. The entire field of cryptography is based around the idea of problems easy to solve with a short piece of information but hard to solve without it. If P=NP (and we have a constructive proof with an algorithm where the constants & degree aren't rediculous), the entire field of cryptography would collapse. Only 1-time pad's would be safe. Cellular automata are turing complete, so in principle you can implement any algorithm if you control the start state (albeit with massive overhead). So probably the answer is technically yes, but probably not in the way you are thinking of. I'm not sure I am understanding > I imagine one way to do it is to make the attacking request to a redirect. Since the back-end conflates the attacking request and the next request (or a portion of the next request), you can get that next request, including the headers (i.e. cookies) as the body/payload redirected to that external site. If the attacker controls that external site, they then can see the cookie data. Are you suggesting that if the backend server was setup as an HTTP proxy, you could get the backend server to proxy the merged request somewhere else? That's true, but it seems pretty unlikey that the backend servers would be setup that way. Although i think i might just be misunderstanding what you mean. > Another way would be to make it so the next request is the content of a param which is displayed in some manner. For example, if it's the content to a message post to a slack forum. I.e. you're suggesting basically using this as a CSRF attack to post part of the victims request (including secret cookie) somewhere public to retrieve later? I think this would work in certain situations but would be difficult to pull off. Its a bit more complicated because if the site was using csrf tokens you would need to make sure the victim request was a POST with a token,but that is easy enough - retry until it happens. The bigger issue is the request body would be kind of malformed. If the endpoint you are posting to accepts application/x-www-urlencoded (and not json), i imagine its interpreted super liberally. I guess the biggest issue is if ; is considered a form field separator (since user-agent usually has ; in it). I think some standards tried to promote that, but i dont know if webservers actually implement it. If they do,it would be very difficult for the attacker to control the name of the form field, and thus actually get the part they wanted publicly posted I think lots of people predicted it as a risk, especially after the original sars, which didn't turn into a massive thing but was still a wake up call. I mean, canada created an entire new agency for being prepared for a pandemic after the sars thing. Here's a WHO page from 2016 that specificly mentions coronavirus type diseases as a risk: https://web.archive.org/web/20161220180509/http://www.who.in... > I'm suggesting that since the back-end server may see the requests as a single request with the second request as part of teh payload of your crafted request, the question then becomes one of "In what ways can I get this site to show one of my params". That's similar to a CSRF, but simpler in that that you don't care that it's unescaped, you just care that it's in the source in some way, since it's what should be displayed back to you for your request. But the response to the mangled request goes to the victim not the attacker. You need someway to get it from the victim to the attacker (hence use of redirects in the original bug bounty). > My example above uses GET, so any ampersand (which is probably likely to exist in many queries) will throw it off. The point i was trying to make is that various specs suggest that semicolons should be treated as an alternative to amparsands, and they are much more common in headers (especially in user-agent). However i imagine much server software doesnt follow that reccomendation so maybe its a moot thing to worry about. >Polynomial doesn't mean practical. In practice, O(n^100) is not an improvement over O(2^n). I literally said in my comment "and we have a constructive proof with an algorithm where the constants & degree aren't rediculous" I thought it was more, they are ineffective because most people put them on wrong. That's probably not true (yet). From what i have read, there are reports of community spread in bc, alberta, and ontario. That's a lot of Canada but certainly not all of it. If a significant portion of cases are still travel related, closing the border makes sense imo. Well if its doubling every 3 days, its only the difference of 10 days... They already dropped the X. Without the X Mac OS X is just a eunuch. Not to mention, conducting a good online course takes preparation and practise (on the part of the teacher). All these online courses are probably going to be setup over the course of like a week. I don't imagine they will be well run online courses. Lol, i meant in the name "OS X", but i like that the joke works both ways. The edit view that most power users use is definitely not an spa. There are multiple "editors" in use on wikipedia et al. Visual editor and mobile edior are more SPA-ish, however the old fashioned full of code, editor is still very popular among users. Disclaimer: work for wikimedia, but not on stuff related to this. My opinions are my own. So? You can do anything on your own given enough effort and discipline. I doubt it would stop the flu, etc. Maybe slow it down for a little bit, but well there are different strains of flu every year, it stands to reason that every year it starts from just a small group and rapidly spreads. I think the effect on the flu will be negligable shortly after quarintine ends.* *IANA-person who knows about this subject. That doesn't necessarily follow. I assume the term "need a ventilator" does not mean they have 100% chance of dying without a ventilator. Very few things in life are 100% certain. I imagine its more like, you have a 90% chance of dying without this, and a 10% chance of living (Numbers totally made up). Its also not the case that a faulty ventilator might be worth 80% of a real ventilator. It may very well be 0%, it might be -20%. If the ventilator is worthless, well there are some strong ethical conundrums of selling worthless cures to desperate people who will pay anything for the slightest hope of surviving. But that's if its worthless, its entirely imaginable that a faulty one reduces patients chances relative to no ventilator. Doing nothing and letting the body do its best, might have better outcomes then doing some sort of medical intervention incorrectly. There is no magic solution here, all parties are going to get somewhat screwed by this. Its not like defering the rent is neccesarily in the best interest (from a purely ecconomic perspective of the landlord). If you defer rent for many months only for tenant to go under when this ends (and lets be real, many tenants are going to go under when this is all said and done), the landlord would be better off being heartless and not defering rent Well its certainly true you can do that (World wars prove that) i doubt the united states has its shit together to even attempt that. Even if it did, i doubt it could do it quickly enough to be useful. You're stopping payments for a lot of things. I assume the people on the recieving ends of those payments are still expected to buy food somehow? How? Or are we also expecting that grocery stores provide food on credit that they are not expected to collect on any time soon? Ok. Im a (small) landlord. None of my tennants claim to be able to pay rent. How am I buying groceries this month? To be clear, i'm a hypothetical landlord. Not actually a landlord. > You’d buy groceries with your emergency fund. As a self employed person it is your responsibility to do this for yourself. Its everyone's responsibility to have an emergency fund. Why is the answer that the landlord should rely on his/her fund instead of the tennant relying on their fund to pay rent? I think that fundamentally what I'm trying to criticize, is the original proposal shifted all the burden from one class of people to another class. And then assumed that the problem just goes away, without having to do anything expensive like the government providing emergency funding. But its not that simple - its not like debt holders can neccesarily just take the hit. They have things they need money for. They have people they employ who need to get paid. Sure, there is a certain amount of a hit that can be taken - but ultimately money has to come from somewhere or your just shifting which class of people are totally screwed by this, which doesnt solve anything. Ah yes, because there are so many people in the market to buy rental properties in a giant economic downturn. Nevermind the reason you are selling is because its impossible to rent out. Why is it anytime usa screws up its because its a diverse nation that's different from all the other nations? Maybe sometimes the USA is just incompetent and usually it can get away with being incompetent without consequence because nobody wants to poke the 800lb gorilla, but sometimes consequences do happen. I don't see how "other people screwed up too" is a counter argument to my argument that "usa is different from every country in the world and thus its impossible to do things right" is bullshit. They're two completely different claims. It is difficult to compare reported cases across countries, and certainly there are many countries that have dropped the ball (Iran especially comes to mind). At the risk of sounding unfeeling, a clearer picture will probably emerge once the deaths start rolling in, since dying is a very binary state and less subject to measurement bias due to gov (in)action. I haven't been around here that long, but i feel like hn may have started that way but at this point is more the modern version of /. [But not quite as "bad"]. Where we start is not where we end up.