The commisioners only lowered the charges for users in the EU roaming in other EU-countries. For example, if you bought your contract in Germany, you'll have to pay only 0.10 € / minute while you're in Denmark. (Which is quite funny, 'cause I have to pay 0.11€ / minute for calling to other german carriers.) I'm getting here > speed 1640kIPS on the old Nexus 7, don't you mean 8kkIPS? (This value was the average while booting Linux) The best solution would be the one used by Linux: Separate Data and Software. On Linux there is a specific flag that has to be set and is not set per default to make a file executable. So if you run something, you know that you are running it as a program and not opening it as data. Windows on the other hand marks everything as executable which begins with MZ and whichs filename ends in .exe or .com The battery life of the Nexus 7 is almost the same using Desktop Ubuntu compared to Android. Have you gotten all the features, the iPhone 5S got? Do you have the nice blurred Control Center background? Android's Problem is fragmentation, and it wouldn't help at all to just backport some functions to older devices, because then developers coulnd't be sure about tthe availability of any API. Or printing out and handing it over. I'm running Kubuntu with KDE, but fullscreen flash videos are also very bugged, how did you fix them? There is a german lawyer blogging about his experiences on lawblog.de, but aside from him I never saw any lawyer/judge/etc. on the internet talking about their job. I've got a really interesting example of this: I installed for my little sister (12 years) Kubuntu on her computer, now she has used it for half an year and she says it "just works". Using Windows XP or iOS at school is really difficult for her, because it is "so illogical", "nothing works as expected". Firefox with 30 tabs and several Youtube videos uses about 334MB So, while surfing just 5-8 websites at a time you'd have enough memory. Sometimes I'm even using a computer from 1996 which struggles even with xp – it's good enough as a compile server (Pentium II). To cite ENCOM : "What's different this time?" – "We've put a 12 on the box". — From "Tron: Legacy" Have you used KDE? It doesn't look like windows, but it is quite easy to use. And even without hacking EventKit you could just base64 the media and add it as description. It's the other way round. This was a survey where they asked thousands of germans, which country would be the most dangerous. And more people mentioned the US than Iran. Who is using Mir right now? Not even Ubuntu. They use Mir only as a wrapper around XMir which then displays Unity – they've won nothing with this. But with Wayland coming to kubuntu this summer and Mir coming to Ubuntu at the same time, we'll see how Wayland and Mir compare in production. > The unity web player is not supported on your platform It seems like this game can't be played on GNU/Linux. > repair teeth This is not reparing. Repairing would assume that afterwards you've got the same features as before, but replacing nerves and blood vessels with plastic (or in this case, regular tissue) doesn't really provide the same features as before. I'd like to see much more the possibility to replace teeth with ones you've generated from your own stem cells. > The DMCA does have provisions against reverse engineering Here in the EU reverse engineering is allowed and even if you sign a contract saying you won't reverse engineer something you've still got the right to do it. How would the DMCA comply with this, would anyone be able to shut down legally reverse engineered code on GitHub? Oh, hi. I'm also using uberspace, nice to see another uberspace-user here :) I think Hetzner has also some datacenters in Hamburg. I'm using the Sidewinder X4 on linux, and the anti-ghosting-feature works even without any custom driver, so I assume they used the "register one keyboard as multiple keyboards"-approach. But it's also not closed source, because OpenGL is just a specification, like Wayland. Google Mail/Google+/etc. will upload your contact info (All your contacts stored on your device), therefore if you've had your own photo added to your own offline contact, you can be quite sure it was taken from there. Actually, the past 2 years of Minecraft development were almost completely spent on RAM consumption, renderer efficiency, recreating the renderer with an OpenGL 2.1 shading pipeline, switching from direct drawing to VBO's, creating compatibility with translucent objects, etc. Since January 2013 they've spent almost the whole time on optimizing the performance. And the only features they've implemented since where features people wanted really badly or features which came automatically – for example, after adding support for translucent objects they were able to add stained glass with just some few lines of code. Actually they've announced there's a web and browser-addon version in the works, so we might be able to get it on PC. 1. Because you need to have a session open at every time 2. Because OTR appends the key for the next message on every single message, so if A is sending several messages after each other while B is offline all of them will be encrypted with the same key. TextSecure fixed both of these issues but is otherwise based on OTR. You should really look into it. That was my reaction as well. But I hope they've done this intentionally, because I hope nobody would be stupid enough to produce a new backdoor while fixing the first. Maybe those rulings or laws won't happen in the US, but in some major markets of the planet those rulings will happen – partially this discussion has already happened in the EU. You see this right now in the internet community around the Disney Movie Frozen. Most people there own a BluRay of the movie, but we're still using the torrents or video streams for all kind of remixing or for watching them together because we don't have to care about the DRM this way. Most people only buy the BluRay to give Disney further reason to produce a second movie – so more like you'd donate to an OpenSource project. I would actually pay 50€ or so for Pixelmator if it'd be available for Linux – but sadly it's not. I'd think, though, that the Pixelmator devs could port it to Linux quite easily, as most of the code already works with OpenGL/OpenCL/etc. so they'd only have to port the Cocoa-based UI to QT. And the worst thing is: Chrome still doesn't properly support HiDPI on Linux or Windows. The bug got closed as: "Working as intended, just zoom into the page". A satirical video about this topic from 2009 when the BKA wanted to do the same thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdIA0jeW-24 You will need more modern stuff than OpenGL2.1 because OpenGL2.1 uses a really deprecated model. You'd really want use the new rendering system based on VBOs and Shaders instead of glBegin(). Again, this is a regional problem – in my country we have no Netflix and videos on Amazon Instant Video cost at least 7 or 8$ each (just for renting them for viewing them one time – if you want to view them multiple times, pay 19$) Which means Amazon Instant Video is, if you want to watch videos multiple times, more expensive than buying the DVD or BluRay. >there are services like Spotify, Rdio and many more that offers painless listening. Sadly most of these are only available in the US – and there are ~500 million people in the EU without access to most of these services. Luckily it gets better nowadays, Spotify exists in most countries here, iTunes in contrast to Google Play actually sells everywhere (GPlay only in some countries here) and with Netflix coming to Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, France and some other countries from 2015 on movie piracy will also go down. Using github.io? As the URL bar loses importance then people will just tend to ignore it, and on first glance (and probably for anyone who's not familiar with github pages) they will both look as valid. Shouldn't you still be able to directly invoke ld-linux.so to load the ELF binary, even if it's marked as non-executable? Or easier: If you're an EU citizen, just baksmali the Android App. As long as you don't copy code from their App decompiling is completely legal as per EU law there is no copyright on source code, but only on the implementation. And for private use the API access will also be allowed. Though I am not a lawyer, and this topic is still being discussed even in EU courts, so I wouldn't recommend using it for larger projects. Some Websites require you to pay money for access to their API. Some of them also have a HTML5-App (with a wrapper) available for Android. This app uses the same API. So some malicious developer could just unzip the app, read the JavaScript and find the API-key, and use their key instead of paying for one. And as the website usually has many accesses from the same IP (due to mobile users being behind NATs), the Website will never find out that someone is abusing their API. And a developer with Apktool could still modify the app and get the keys, you win nothing with this solution. I think OMNIRom has an open source swipe keyboard, I compiled everything from source and it worked with swiping, so I guess there's that. Notebooksbilliger.de sells all the laptops in their student lineup without OS – I bought my laptop there to save the license cost. Sometimes you can also find occasionally a laptop in a store with FreeDOS, but I've never seen one being sold with Ubuntu. German here – we have one company owning most of the lines, it gets subsidies from the government, but is in turn forced to make their lines available for everyone. Also the government just forces ISPs to provide specific speeds in specific areas. And we have many small ISPs which provide their own network, most of the time they are the same company that also provides water and electricity, and these ISPs compete heavily with the government-owned ISP. Also right now ISPs have to upgrade rural areas first, so in many rural areas you can already get 200mbps to 500mbps for 50€/month, while I'm in the city and can only get it from next year on. Overall: It is possible to create competition and still have governmental regulated fast internet. If you look at the screenshot at 1:1 resolution http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-4mueYYHRq8I/U8g3U-bk26I/AAAAAAAAAU... you can clearly see that the old renderer is blurry and hard to read, while the new one is crisp and looks much better. That's because the font you're using is set to render without antialiasing – the old system just rendered everything larger and then scaled down (supersampling), while the new system actually uses real antialiasing and only when the flag is set. Here in Germany it works like this: 1) You get the check with a total 2) the waiter hands you a mobile card terminal (like this: http://pay-tec.de/cms/paytec/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/1.jp... ) 3) You put your card in the terminal 4) waiter enters amount to pay + what you said you'd tip 5) You see the total, enter your PIN, press confirm 6) waiter hands you back your card. Per default not, it just asks you every time you enter the password if you'd like to enable that 15 minute feature. And does your styling work in a webbrowser where JS is disabled? Actually Chrome had most of these features and started removing them again. But that's not what the law aims for either. It's just supposed to make finding those results harder, so that you don't accidentally stumble upon them, but have to actually search for them. And in Siberia you sometimes encounter -70°C and in Dubai you measure 50°C (Both of which would be off the 0-100F scale). Internationally Celsius make more sense. Yeah, I almost finished my drawing of Elsa (from Disney's Frozen) :/ No, the US exchanges don't provide any public data at all, this is also why they can't be listed in the Wikipedia Table for "Internet Exchange Nodes by throughput". If you can find some data though, I'd encourage you to add the data to the table :) Hmm, I am paying here on amazon.de with direct bank transfer, and it shows shipping costs even directly on the article page as long as I'm logged in. Why is that? I live in Germany, 1.5h from the nearest International Airport – and I can get 200mbps for 80$ everywhere here, in some areas even more. And these speeds are provided by for-profit companies, not by municipalities. Your argument is invalid. It's not a blanket ban – UberBlack can still operate, because UberBlack follows the regulations. UberPool isn't banned either. It's only UberPop, which tries to operate without a license as a for-profit service. And imagine a UberPop driver hits you with his car – he would be not insured (regular insurance doesn't cover commercial activity), so you would have to pay your own medical treatment (getting broken bones together, etc) on your own, because the driver had no license. In Germany health insurance does not cover medical procedures if they were caused by someone else (or at least they try to get their money back with lawsuits). And the insurance of the driver wouldn't cover commercial activities, so he'd have to pay everything on his own. Good luck finding a single driver for Uber then, because just one accident could bring a driver 300k$ into debt. There is a difference: Regular insurances do NOT cover commercial activities – so if you want to drive for uber, you need to get a commercial insurance. This is everything the court asked for: Appropriate insurance and regular checkups (yearly instead of biyearly). Hmm, what you are suggesting in the beginning sounds just like Quassel: It is a Bouncer with full PostgreSQL database of the whole log, full search functionality, a shared history between users of the same bouncer, etc. There are clients as a website (runs on node.js), for Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS and Android. So, if someone would add the missing features to Quassel, we could make that one the new new HipChat. German here, living in the suburbs of a 250k people city, and I got 4 daycares within walking distance, which each provide care between 7am and 4pm – which is enough, as the average German only works from 8 to 14 (6h/day). In Germany men can also go into maternity leave, so yeah, we got that. And here on this computer are 4 Germans sitting who also do NOT agree with your opinion – stop saying this xenophobic bullshit. There actually is a way to use the pre-2012 search index! Just use http://www.google.com/custom I use either DuckDuckGo or this site all the time, I'd probably switch to DuckDuckGo completely if this search would go down. Even in the comments everything is US oriented. Example: "2 years are now a long support cycle for phones as most people get carrier upgrades every 2 years anyway" (from the Android Browser vuln thread. This is only valid in the US because most people in Europe, Africa, Asia, India, etc. buy their phones seperate from their contract, so there is no "automatic" upgrade. Another example was in the Popcorn-Time threads the "Who needs this if you have Netflix?" – Netflix doesn't even exist in most countries, and where it does exist, they only have like a dozen series, nowhere near the US version, so it provides no benefit. Hell, here where I live even DVD rental is still used, even Amazon provides DVD rental here. Most of the people in the comments assume that everyone is in the US and a Hacker-News without that would be great. For example with emails you see this – get a new email, in the notification you can click on "delete" (as I get far too many unnecessary mails) or, if accidentally deleted, undo it again. Or click on Reply and directly write a reply. This works with AOSP Email and Gmail (maybe others as well). The ability to USE them? I for example can barely use my Moto G with one hand, most of the time holding it with two hands (one in the top left, one in the lower right) so I can access all of the screen easily. My hands are just too small, I can't use a Nexus 5 at all without two hands, really annoying. So, for all us people with small hands, what do you think we should do? Buy a 5.5" phone and use it like a tablet? That's not really practical :/ Take a look at the german research community with the Fraunhofer Society – the researchers don't really get rich, but they have save jobs, can continue doing what they can best (researching), while the money is completely invested in new research. And overall there are almost no profits made, because the prices are actually affordable. Disassembling your phone only voids the warranty on the overall device, not on the individual parts. Also changing the software does not void the warranty of the hardware. Also if a contract contains a clause forbidding you to disassemble, decompile, or debug something, then the clause is automatically void. Yay for EU rights. Lucky that I compile Firefox from source anyway, even if it was originally to get proper Qt support. In the future we’ll have to use IceWeasel then :/ It actually has — Apps can prevent the system from taking screenshots by telling the DRM hardware chip that they are showing important data. Actually you can even prevent users from obtaining the data if you encrypt it with a secure key and store this key in the DRM hardware chip. Only problem: Someone could still decompile your app, use your API and request the decryption keys. 3) is not really useful if you login quite often from different devices that aren’t synced, so you can’t use a password manager. I can tell you: They do not. I made a small program to access Google Keep automatically. Because I was too lazy to implement proper authentication, I just hardcoded my session keys. The app is started from a different IP, using a different user agent and is STILL able to access the site after weeks! (Nowadays I have proper authentication in there, but it’s still worrying that stealing sessions from Google is so easy. Especially because some Google services submit their sessions keys via HTTP, without SSL) And it is even the #1 browser in places where Chrome can not be used (thanks to US export regulations) and in places where people think about security (Germany). Not anymore—all videos can be viewed in Chromium as well (except those with special DRM). They’re using DASH with small .mp4 snippets. It’s also the reason why videos don’t load completely anymore and why audio and video sometimes go out of sync. Also the reason why nothing works as expected. WDAS actually renders the movie multiple times: 4K 2D, 2K Stereo Left+Right, 2K IMAX 3D. Which makes the renderprocess especially slow, because even though you can reuse some parts of the process, some other parts can’t be reused. WDAS actually renders the movie multiple times: 4K 2D, 2K Stereo Left+Right, 2K IMAX 3D. Which makes the renderprocess especially slow, because even though you can reuse some parts of the process, some other parts can’t be reused. “Only buy electronical goods from East Asia that passed VDE, TÜV Nord, GS and CE specifications and tests”. (Interestingly, a lot of the US–produced products do not pass these tests either. The German standards for product quality are some of the highest existing and they have actually the ability to test all the imported stuff. Just don’t ever trust the TÜV Süd) Yeah, sadly doesn’t always work. Goo.gl and youtu.be sometimes send an http page consisting of " rel="nofollow">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opoDBF_b-fg&feature=youtu.be... Which makes it far more complicated. Another occasion where it’s appropriate to say “Fuck you, Google!” (also fuck you for disabling audio/video control on chrome mobile from JS, EXCEPT for google.com/youtube.com etc) Ummm..., no? In Chrome mobile you can only do for example .play() on an audio or video element, if you call it from an eventListener that reacted to an onClick event. I have an IRCbot that is supposed to resolve URLs and find out if they ever end up on YouTube, and then post the video title, length and viewcount. It was an extreme hassle to implement all of this, I am partially parsing JS and the DOM just to get all those redirect services to work. It’s a huge hacky mess, but the only fast working solution. And, for the fifth time today, I can sincerely say “Fuck you, Google!” They are uploaded to iCloud, which belongs to Apple. Apple — as an US corporation — has to comply with US laws and has to support ongoing US criminal investigations, including secret agencies. The idea is that streaming can never be illegal under current german laws, so if the server is just handing an mp4 to the client, then it’s perfectly legal. Is that the one with (: fun (natural natural -> real)) procedure signatures? On Android you should definitely load the images Async and not load them within the draw call. It does work for me, though: http://i.imgur.com/Hj6IlvM.png Did you decompile those services and try to understand what blur does? It actually gets data from social networks for aggregation of social data into the blur app. And DO is still more than 2 times as expensive as OVH is. Which is why I host in the EU, getting more security for less money. TL;DR: OVH provides more “fuck murica”[1] on the euro than DO. — [1]: This is not meant against the people of the US, but its government and secret agencies. Wow, that is really a pity. We have trains here in most of western europe that do about 200mph, but most long-distance travel is at 150mph. So yours are really WTF-worthy, especially considering how dense the population on the east coast of the US or around the SF bay area is. (Trains I’m referring to: ICE 3, TGV, Alvia, Railjet, etc.) Actually, you can do SMS, Facebook and Hangouts in one app. There are SMS services who support XMPP, and additionally Facebook and Hangouts support the XMPP client-side. It’s not as convenient as sending from kuschku@chat.facebook.com a message to justJanne@talk.google.com, but it still works quite nice. Germany – and the whole SEPA (Eurozone + Denmark + Sweden + Norway + Britain + Switzerland) uses the same system. It’s so fucking convenient to just open the app, enter either the bank account number or just select a contact from a list and be able to send money instantly. Did you know OpenSuse still maintains a patchset for Firefox to use it with Qt? It’s amazing. Works perfectly for me in Firefox: http://i.imgur.com/iCdmZhF.png Actually, there is an implementation of Touch Events (the Microsoft one) that already supports all this... It’s about consistence. Name of the Country in it’s own language, abbreviated to 2 letters. Results in EL for Greece, UK for the United Kingdom, etc. GB is an island and has nothing to do with the UK, it’s as if you’d call Japan now Hokkaido, it makes no sense. Oh, you can. There is a whole group of people sharing copyrighted movies via Google Drive, it happens all the time. Some of the movies were accessed hundredthousands of times, and are still online after over a year. You should try using Quassel — it's the perfect solution for an IRC Bouncer/Client-combo, it feels like any modern solution (aka infinite scroll to read previous messages, clients for the bouncer on every platform, etc). It's an amazing solution. So amazing, that I actually started commuting to the Quassel Android client, just because I want to give something back to this community. Conversations is a nice XMPP client for Android. It's under GPLv3, is in F-Droid and Google Play (costs 1$ in Google Play, though) and is probably the best XMPP client for Android :) Or you can just use quassel, which has clients for android, iOS, windows, Mac Linux and the web, works exactly like IRCCloud, is fully open source, and is able to run on a 2$/month webserver. Yay,Quassel! Have you seen QuasselDroid? It's the Android client for Quassel, I'm working on a Material redesign for it right now ^_^ You should also try the quassel webproxy (a web interface like IRCCloud) and the quassel-search tool, which allows you to search through the whole logs of everything. Wasn't the shuttle part of the older tech that was built on air decades ago, but the rocket on earth built out of the last pieces of scrap parts? I don’t know what multiple XORs have to do with SPDY, but yeah, they should have done it with one site, a CDN for images, some javascript loaded from weird other CDNs, etc. —— [1] Multiple XOR –> Multiplexor –> Multiplexer, an electronical circuit that hakes multiple bundles of lines and returns the values of the bundle which has been selected via the control input. Which is a bad idea. I actually have some bots which scrape Google sites (for the purpose of integrating stuff like Google Keep into KRunner), and they just use the Useragent of a regular phone, send normal POST data, etc. Works perfectly fine, and — I just checked — this bot is recognized as normal user by this captcha system. No Captcha input. I tried it even with a new Google profile and just using cURL to log into Google, then started a new browser session and imported the cookies from cURL. Worked just as well. I guess this makes it easier for malicious bot-authors... I am using a small tool that I wrote to integrate Google Keep and other Google stuff with KRunner and so on, and this tool (essentially being a dumb bot) also passes all the Captchas. I’d say malicious authors would have it really easy now. So, I tried it. With a Google Account that had ZERO activity for two years. Using a Java program to activate that site. Passed the CAPTCHA. Without any further verification. I mean, spammers are going to love it xD I posted this multiple times in this thread already, but I tried it with a Google Account that has a fake name, hasn’t been used for over 2 years, has received nor sent any emails since then, is in only one Google+ circle, and was only ever used from Firefox. And it passed the test. While trying it from within a Java client toolkit. Like, I took the worst setup any spammer would have, and it passed. How is this going to protect my sites from spammers? And on the other hand, am I even allowed to embed this into my site, if I am in the EU (Data protection, etc)? And additionally it’s easy to just create empty Google accounts and then use them with the bots. Just create a few dozen accounts, use them with a few hundred bots, and you easily get full verification. Your analogy is wrong. It’s more like: Going into a bookstore, taking the encyclopedia britannica, reading the article about Elephants and the leaving again, without buying the encyclopedia. Overall the store lost no sale. You wouldn’t have bought it otherwise anyway (For example as I had the choice between paying 20$/month just for Game of Thrones, or not watching it at all, I decided to just ignore that boring show). It might even have made a sale, because as you were already there, you might have bought something else (Pirates tend to spend the most money on additional stuff like cinema tickets or merchandise). And the store didn’t even lose anything, as you didn’t take something from them that they had, you actually didn’t even cost them any money. I know for example that most receiver boxes here actually advertise with automatic skipping of ads. And the people who watch it in real time, they just tend to switch to another channel, or turn off the volume and talk to each other, or do other stuff, etc. Which is why you are supposed to throw out untrustable Certificate Authorities. In the same way as TURKTRUST was thrown out by all vendors a few years ago, nowadays you should throw out VeriSign and GoDaddy just as well. You mean nasty root certificates like VeriSign and GoDaddy, which the NSA frequently uses for MitM? You should do the same to those certificates that you did to TURKTRUST, just throw the US CAs out. But what if the site loads JavaScript from an insecure origin? Gnome and KDE support it, but sadly there is still a lot of software that doesn’t :/ It’s actually really easy. I tried understanding the APIs several phone apps are using, (the apps are heavily obfuscated), so I decompiled them and hacked my own small deobfuscater where I could rename stuff half-automatically. Then I went through the code of Google Apps with this, and it’s actually really nice. Although kinda surprising how many Google Apps have hardcoded API keys for their services floating around, for example there is one Google App which has a hardcoded key that allows full unthrottled API access to all of the Google Maps APIs. For free. I just did this out of fun, as I’m mostly working on Android OpenSource apps, but it was quite easy and interesting to see how Google obfuscates their apps. We’re not talking about hardcoded strings, lol. This is encryption and obfuscation on multiple levels, classes passing each others state through hashing and encryption schemes on multiple levels, added bytecode hackery, etc. Snowden, 2013? Reminds me of the time, 2 or 3 years ago, when Google announced that every page which would take more than 300ms to load and render would be downranked in the search. Seems like we’re going backwards... You can use typed/racket with optional types, it’s kinda easy. Luckily you can easily change this on Linux :) Or it could result in a better outcome for the user, if the Search would include Knowledge Graph results from multiple sources. YouTube (another Google product) for example shows for videos that contain songs links to iTunes, Amazon, Spotify and Google Play. Google Search could do the same — list different places to get the content, etc. Qt with QML can use JavaScript, therefor it is possible for developers who are used to the web platform to use it without having to relearn everything, AND it is far more lightweight than Atom Shell. Actually, if you look back via the web archive, at the time when Retina appeared, a lot of people complained about it. Doesn’t really bring any advantage, takes too much processing power, people can’t see that sharp anyway, "too sharp images hurt my eyes", etc. It was exactly the same as with 3D or CGI, even though it is definitely useful. And where’s the problem with that? There are millions of people who pay with cash instead of credit cards, except for large payments, so why would that be something important enough to mention? Yup, same for me. I don’t even have a credit card, and I only pay electronically for large payments or where identification would be done anyway. And it’s cheaper for the merchants as well, with cards they lose 3% of the income, some merchants even make losses with every card customer. Germany is even nowadays still haunted by herds of radioactive boars, meaning that decades after chernobyl we still can’t eat wild meat or mushrooms. I’m actually using MEGA like this, I sync my home folder to MEGA and all devices. Really useful. Also another problem: UCS-2, commonly used as implementation for UTF-16, doesn’t support all the characters that UTF-8 does, which can lead to other nice problems during conversion. Which can create nice issues, especially because stuff like Java is limited to UCS-2... This actually already happened, with the judge that declared wget as hacking tool... Oh yes! the next android progress bars [1] are a perfect example of this. I actually kinda like watching them. — [1] http://www.google.com/design/spec/components/progress-activi... The problem is: This experiment was implemented over a region with 1.4 million people in it. Doing any larger sample size wouldn’t be helpful here. Hmm, in Germany a lot of products in most stores is tagged with a special capsule, if the product is stolen, as soon as it leaves the store, the capsule explodes and releases a 100ml of extremely bright red ink, which stains and can’t be gotten off anymore (literally, it will stay on your skin for a month or so). Also this marks the article as stolen, so no one will buy the red-stained product from anyone. No, it’s the full cruise control. Which is a really bad solution. The proper solution would be to put the AOSP version on the store, but keep it open. Also Google Play Frameworks should be split in the AOSP parts of their libs and the few actually closed parts. And your example doesn’t even tell what it’s doing. I’d have to look up what .expand, .where etc means, while Java just uses the standard FP names that every CompSci student knows. Even in Germany a lot of people and even companies write code in pure German, using purely German comments and variables. (Luckily German has only 7 additional codepoints compared to ASCII). No, Google Translate usually gives out shitty translations, meaning that the information will be actually lost. If they post in their native language, maybe someone goes along and translates it properly, meaning the information can be fully restored. And they always upload usage data, how many times you opened which app, how long it stayed in background and how often you used it in foreground, overall use time, etc. For all installed apps, all the time. But would allow the user to install them. It would have the same effect as the Google Apps in the store, without losing AOSP. But no one cares about stolen soda. The store can just write it off, it doesn’t matter. In general, everything that isn’t expensive clothing or technology isn’t even tagged at all, you can just walk out the store with it. Or if you go into the store, buy something, go out, remember you forgot something, go in again, and buy something else (while still carrying the already bought around), most of the time no one will bat an eye. stealing would be easy, but at least in upper-middle-class districts it’s kinda rare. And their new products are even far worse than advertised, for no real reason. for example compare http://i.imgur.com/IxwQwqk.png with http://i.imgur.com/DrzdQKJ.png , it’s not like it would have been much work to implement this design, and it would have made it far nicer, but they didn’t do it. It seems like Google is trying to save on every end and while trying to not spend a single unnecessary penny, they butcher their services. material design would have been nice, if Google would have actually implemented it: http://imgur.com/a/Xtey7 Yup, I’ve done that far too often, I even have a bookmark to a small script that just replaces the next input box I click on with a freeform text input. For that we also have different signs. There is a completely different sign for no stopping, with its own, seperate times. “The best iPhone […]” They do use articles in their presentations sometimes, though There was another post about this months ago, and the blind poster said that while C is usable (thanks to brackets), python is completely unusable or unreadable to them. Android. Google builds an AOSP environment, as soon as everyone uses it, they move all the libraries into the proprietary Google Services Framework, and then they appended their contracts so that every manufacturer that produces "Android with Google Play" devices can’t sell pure AOSP devices anymore. While we had to implement the Modulo operation as part of an assignment in assembler, several other students and me started discussing this topic, ultimately settling on "do whatever you want, just write down what it’s supposed to do", because we couldn’t really agree on which would be the better solution. Soooo, like Flattr? As a person who experienced this, while it slightly calms you down, it also can make you really angry if you don’t like it. It already does. Electrolysis allows you to specify how many processes you want to allow maximum. Google has customized results, every person gets a different amount of pages in differing ranking. Yes, cause you are getting customized results. Try http://www.google.com/custom?q=hackerspace&num=100&safe=off&... it will show you that they actually found those thousands of results, but only if you search with an older algorithm. Even OpenGL extensions are now only available through the Google Play API. It is NOT an exaggeration. Apps Gmail is different, cause you can even get it self-hosted. Several larger companies actually use it self-hosted in-house without running it through google. Which is not stupid in theory, but all websites implement it wrong. It was intended to forbid using tracking cookies without user approval, and this is the intent of the law. Nothing more. Actually, it’s a great solution. Because, as soon as you download the extension, or load the website once, from that moment on everything will be encrypted client side, to make sure MEGA will never be able to spy on their users. This answers the protocol question, but nothing about the actual data safety. Seems kinda fishy. So, like existing products like ThinLinc? Which can stream HD1080 over 8Mbps connection? Doesn’t seem like you actually provide some new product... Not necessarily, for example firefox always restores the previous state – but I for example tend to always clean everything after I finished one project, completely clean the room IRL and my folders on my system, and then start with an empty space again for the next project. Keeps the chaos manageable xD For me it luckily works – I only host a dozen of users on my server, but it works nicely, and – after having spent a few months setting it up once – also runs nicely with Google and the other large providers, even Yahoo and Hotmail (for now). LGPL might be the best solution then (I personally would say LGPL should be used for everything, but that’s a personal opionion), because LGPL only goes viral through actual forking, but does not consider linking. Definition of the Ombibar: While typing, the omnibar directly searches on Google and in your web history for the text you typed, may it be a search term, an URL, or content of a page you had visited in the past. except if the scanners use laser scanners, which don’t work with LCD screens, or if the cards use EMV chips. Yes, there are loyality cards with EMV chips Not really useful if you have 10€ in a mix of cent and euro coins. Tbh, to setup sync or install extensions in Chrome, you need a Google Account, for which you need to give them your cellphone number. And it uses a blacklist hosted by Google to check if a page should show a malware warning, or not even display at all. So your scenario isn’t even that far off. Try google.com/custom to get more deterministic results, although it seems like they might have changed that as well. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9151263 Another great example would be the example of stallman "In the future, debuggers will be illegal to use" and a recent court case where a person was sent to jail for accessing a website with a spoofed user agent using wget. And if you want an infinitely scaling image, you could even use an SVG. Actually, Firefox supports h264 nowadays. Cisco bought a license to the patent, and gave it to Mozilla for free, so they can freely distribute an h264 decoder. Firefox ships their own decoder now, Cisco donated a license of the MPEG patents to Mozilla. What do you think of the PP in the parliament of SH then? They have about 9% of the seats and are quite active in normal political work. The House. The House always wins. TPM /could/ be nice, if you personally would control it, instead of some company burning the signing keys into the processor – because then you would be able to make a safe system. There was a court case, where the argument was that "as spoofing a useragent is not a common use case that a normal computer user could do, it has to be considered criminal activity in itself". This is what I was referring to. > The downtown core is one of the few places in the world where people live and work in the same area... > commutes range from 5-30 minutes (and that's going to cover people who walk, bike and take transit). So, in general, it is like a classical European city, where the streets are even full of life after the end of the workday? If that’s true, than this is actually amazing. And creates the new question: Why did it work in vancouver, but not in so many other cities on the american continent. I used to complain about JS a lot, and from an OO standpoint it is annoying, but after I started getting more into functional programming, I started to like JS more and more. Although a shorter function syntax with default-return on everything would make it a lot nicer (and more similar to LISP). A language where 0x5eb63bbbe01eeed093cb22bb8f5acdc3 === 0x5eb63bbbe01eee000000000000000000 is not really suited for anything, tbh. GitHub? Probably not. But a local instance of GitLab? A lot more realistic, considering it’s Open Source and quite similar to GitHub actually. Btw, you guessed the wrong answer – it is actually 10 (as number, not as string). So it is definitely not as easy as you make it seem. For more on the perils of taxing reader patience, see WHY DOES TYPOGRAPHY MATTER. This is what I get on Firefox and Chome And that’s where we come full loop – with servo-shell being just like firefox’ XUL-based UI Even worse: if you just say "Software Patents are invalid", you lose the right to all their products. Or if you claim to have prior art to any of their products, you lose access to all other of their products as well. Google Analytics is, sometimes, blocked by the GFW – so, if you already sell out your users to Google, using Baidu wouldn’t be an unrealistic use case anymore. Non-Paywalled link: http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/02/google-eu-idUSL2N0... couldn’t USB use a GSM-like model instead? with specific timeslots? And thanks to dash, even when you seek back to the beginning, it won’t reload it properly. So either the video just breaks, or the first 10 seconds are forced in 360p. Or, sometimes, it just breaks, but clicking ten times on the 0-mark somehow lets it play again. DASH is annoying as hell. Google probably compares all the JS and HTML of the resulting page in-browser with the code that they originally delivered, allowing them to see if an extension or userscript manipulated it. Even in Kiel, 260k people, we had some areas where the price of houses over the past 10 years almost doubled – and I’m talking of suburbs, not even high rise areas. The only problems would be stuff like the bridges over the Kiel Canal (and the canal itself), and other smaller projects like that. That’s actually a hilarious statement, considering how notorious the US is for their industrial espionage. Both china and the US are equally bad in that situation, and both equally try to fully observe every single step any of their people does. And THIS is exactly what the EU antitrust trial is about. Exactly, and that’s why the EU trial is going on right now. Shopping and Places are two of the main problems the EU sees right now. Here is a map of high speed rail in europe: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/High_Spe... The (2012) But CIE color space still doesn’t help with dichromatic people Who have less than 2000 combined TV show episodes and movies in my country (Germany), and only launched here 4 months ago. But that’s the issue, duck typing really leads to many situations with uncertain situations. It’s like the + operator in JS: depending on context, you can have appending, addition, or vector addition. Imagine I get an object, I don’t know it’s type – I can’t even check if it implements the VectorAddition, Addition, or Appendable trait, I only see it has a .+ method. How am I supposed to switch between types being able to do either of these, without listing all types that might occur – as this might not be possible (I’m thinking about Haskell’s type classes as a solution to this, btw)