How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex. I have looked at a few of the other tests and nothing obviously pops out as being bogus, so it's likely just this pidigits test which has an unfair advantage If you're claiming that your interpreter is faster than someone elses you can't make your test depend on a native library for the bulk of the work. That may be a valid argument for "my language is better" but it isn't an argument for my interpreter is faster than yours. The numbers you point to make use of http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/program.php?test=pidig... Which is using GMP, so maybe that particular link needs to be updated? WebKit is used by many different applications and browsers (eg. Epiphany, Arora, Omniweb, Shiira, etc) -- by incorporating multiprocess support directly in webkit all of those applications can make use of it. WebKit isn't an end user product -- it's a library, ports are maintained by the people who want the port, there are active gtk, qt, wx, and efl ports. WebKit doesn't have a set of "supported" platforms, each port is responsible for maintaining their own backend support, and their front facing API. There's also the element of "linux" not meaning much in this context -- as I said above there are multiple port, eg. webkit/gtk, qtwebkit, webkit/wx, etc All 747s (and i presume most other commercial aircraft these days) are designed to be able to carry extra engines, as you'd otherwise need to have stockpiles of engines at all airports that your planes may land, or special aircraft used solely for transporting engines. My understanding (though this is second hand so it may be entirely wrong/misunderstood) is that switching out an engine is a relatively simple task. The articles information is very out of date, and relies on multiple issues to successfully work: * It needs an array literal (eg. []) to be constructed using the function referenced by the Array property on the global object. (This was spec ambiguity and only effects older IE and Firefox -- very old firefox, maybe only up to netscape or phoenix?) * It needs assignments in object and array literals to call setters on the prototype chain. Both of these issues were fixed by ES5 (the first may have been fixed in ES3.1) by saying that Array and Object literal notation both use the initial values of Array and Object (so you can't change the constructor used), and by saying that all assignments are "direct" so won't call setters on the prototype chain. This effectively makes JSON hijacking impossible, except of course for the large numbers of old browsers that are out there. This is also a distinct issue from JSONP hijacking, for which there isn't a solution other than to not use JSONP. The post actually appears to endorse using eval to parse JSON. Not only does that allow invalid JSON through, it disallows some valid JSON, and of course is a huge security hole. If you want to handle JSON data in JavaScript use JSON.parse -- it's the safest, fastest, and most correct path to having your data available to you. [update: edited to remove bizarre use of whole vs hole... boggles ] Too my knowledge all browsers now ship with json built in -- if you must work with older browsers (not an entirely unreasonable requirement) you should check for the JSON object first, and if it isn't present load json2.js. Otherwise you're just adding an additional load penalty to your site (and on mobile browsers that can be 100s of milliseconds) The moment you use eval to parse "JSON" data you _are_ trusting content from the client. eval _executes_ javascript, JSON just happens to be mostly compatible with JS object and array literal syntax so it "Just Works". Because eval is executing the data it is using the full JS parser. That means that while '{"name":"bill"}' works as expected '{"name": window.location = "myevildownload.com"}' does too. JSON.parse is built into the language. It enforces strict JSON conformance so you can't end up accidentally having invalid content that won't be parsed by other JSON libraries, and it does not execute data -- it creates the object graph and nothing else. If there's anything that is not valid JSON it fails and has no side effects. When constructing the object graph it uses the real Object and Array constructors, so nothing can be injected that way. When setting properties on objects it sets them directly and does not call setters. If you use JSON.parse to parse your JSON data, it is not possible for an attacker to either run or inject code in your site. And it's faster than eval. Yes, because people don't want to be tracked. If you want to know approximately how many users you have you don't need cookies. Cookies are only useful if you want to track what the user does. Surprisingly users don't want you stalking them on the web anymore than they would want you stalking them in real life. This isn't surprising, people don't want to be stalked online anymore than they want to be stalked in the real world. If sites are worried about having to bring up a big dialog saying "please let us track you and everything that you do" hurting their site traffic perhaps they should just give up on tracking users. If 90% say no to a dialog there probably isn't much point in asking, and asking probably turns people away from your site. The only reason that this kind of stalking didn't turn people away in the past is because it was hidden from them. Your server side validation would have to be a full JSON parser. So in order to use eval, you're adding a full server side parse of the data on each request, increasing server load, and request latency (i've seen sites sending megs of json to the browser). All so that you can save 6 characters of typing to load the JSON less efficiently on the client side. Of course because people _do_ do this most engines these days preflight calls to eval to see if they can be parsed as a subset of pseude-JSON. Note: this doesn't make it safe, any inject xss is not valid json so will still be a hole, and these preparsers try to bail out quickly so treat only a minimal subset of JSON. In JavaScriptCore (so all webkit browsers other than chrome) you can't have escaped characters in string literals nor any non-ascii characters anywhere. JSONP has numerous problems, first it's not JSON -- the object literal is created by executing JS, so you're back to square one with validating your input, the second and more significant problem is that if you ever use JSONP to transmit private data then you've essentially lost the cross origin protection of data present in the browser. Now all an attacker needs to do is get one of your users with an active session to load a page that does and they can gather that data. Can anyone explain how this differs from the MIMO radios what have been around for years? I just set Siri to use australian english rather than US english and it had no difficulty understanding me. (I'm an NZer living stateside so I can't really comment on any other issues) Using tags in the high bits is exactly what caused all those problems for software written in the 80s and early 90s. The assumption that your software will have been updated before anyone has such "ludicrous" amounts of memory is not safe. Low bits seem to be generally safe as a) you can easily control pointer alignment in your own code, and b) most system's alignment requirements are increasing not decreasing. Some architectures can't even access unaligned pointers. Even excluding large ram increases, presumably the current (effective) 48bit address space limitation on x86_64 is likely to go away, and then ASLR is going to make it hard to guarantee that your high bits are clear. Hurrah! Good to see it being reused :D Do it!!! I've always intended to extend the simulator to support obstacles and directional inputs but never got round to it. We need more things like this in JS :D And then there's my actual simulator -- who needs comments? :D facepalm If you actually look at the commit logs for javascriptcore you see all development goes on in public, all patches follow the webkit review rules (you can't do an unreviewed code dump, and large code dumps aren't pleasant when you need reviews). JSC is developed in the open, everyone can see the work we're doing, and the progress we're making, as we're making it. If you had actually followed the link you would have seen a change log pointing to a bug on bugs.webkit.org that shows the huge amount of (public) work that preceded actually landing this https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=75812 . Additionally there was substantial refactoring in multiple commits leading up to the final landing of LLInt in order to reduce the patch size as much as possible. The reason the LLInt landed as a "code dump" is because that is the minimal size possible - you can't land part of an execution engine, as by definition part of an engine is not sufficient to pass tests. As it is, this is only 32 bit for the simple reason that 32-bit x86 is the easiest way to stress register allocation, our value encoding requires two 32bit registers per value and 32bit x86 has very few registers. TLDR; You can't really do massive codedumps in the webkit repository, the commit rules make it very hard. Alas some patches are intrinsically large though as a partial patch won't be sufficient to pass tests, but even then we don't like them. There are various tool scripts in WebKit written in a collection of basically every common script languages - perl, python, ruby, shell(!!!) are the ones i can think of off the top of my head. The "old" baseline jit (the middle tier) is a simple "method" hit in the same vein as V8, it executes directly and accumulates runtime type info -- the still takes longer to generate and uses more memory than the interpreter. A lot of short run programs take less time to run than to do codegen for (JSONP for instance can do really unpleasant things to codegen time) Tricky question: We try to keep all patches small, as the larger a patch is the longer it will take to get reviewed, and the longer the review takes, and the more update-review-update-review... cycles are required. There are some things (like this patch) where the core change (in this case a new execution engine) can't be landed in pieces (either you have a complete working execution engine that will pass all tests, and won't regress performance, or you don't). But even in these cases we try to reduce the size and complexity of the core patch. If you look at the recent commits to JSC you'll see a bunch of refactoring landing prior to LLInt that got the non-LLInt specific code into the tree in advance of LLInt itself. As it is the initial commit only has support for our 32bit encoding, and doesn't support all the backends that the JSC JIT supports. The basic reason for this is that the static assembler does need to do some register allocation and the easy way to ensure that it's correct is to through it at 32 bit x86. Our value representation requires 2 registers on 32 bit platforms, and x86-32 has very few GPRs we can use, so it acts as an excellent stress test vs. any other supported platform. um, read it more carefully. It's saying women are a perk, then clarifies by saying that the women in question will be the ones serving drinks. Paraphrased: Perks: * women: they're there to serve drinks. The problem is not the "(female)" bit, it was the fact that the existence of women is reported as a "perk". Because after all, women are just objects that exist to serve drinks to men. Yeah, my first reading was "we'll help you avoid the skeevy dudes who think you should sleep with them in exchange for beer" rather than "we're skeevy dudes who think you exist solely to get us beer" The problem with organ donation is that insurance companies consider missing organs to be a pre-existing condition, and will reject you because of it. Go private health care! I have a very good friend who has been unable to get insurance since donating one of their kidneys. I don't see why/where the code generator is involved here. The posted "exploit" doesn't appear to work at all, implying that either it's not complete (so discussing how it works is kind of pointless) or just bogus. There's nothing that I see that makes it obvious that it's attacking the JIT logic specifically. It's most reminiscent of the fairly old heap spray techniques which require an additional exploit anyway. For instance the function for testing existence of the bogus microcode is: function test(result) { // giant comment explaining the asm used to test for the vulnerability unescape('%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090'); return 0; } Presumably the call to unescape is intended to convert the encoded shellcode into somthing useful. But there does not appear to be anything done to actually execute the shellcode. The historical way of doing this (blocked by DEP) is to fill the heap with copies of the string, and then use another exploit to jump into the heap at somewhere likely to contain your code. There are ways to bypass DEP, but this doesn't appear to try even that. Honestly it looks like someone has simply taken the assembly used to the exploit, put it in a string (using numeric character escapes), and then done nothing else. That it is referring to launching threads makes me wonder if this isn't just someone converting a pre-existing C program into something that at least parses as JS. No. The interpreter doesn't generate that. They have taken the assembly, placed it in a string, and then done nothing more. There is no obvious attempt to actually get the JS engine to do anything out of the ordinary. The string '%u31C9%u5589%uE55D%u2EF8%uC390%u9090' is simply the unicode escaped version of the assembly above. The goal of this exploit would be to get the interpreter to set PC to the address of that string. There is no obvious attempt to do that. Just compare the decoded opcodes in the DISASM comment to the contents of the string. PDF warning for everyone else as well. :D Assuming -dbg implies versions of the frameworks with at least symbols, if not full debug information (file, line, type info, etc). Even something trivial like #include int main(int argc, char argv) { printf("Hello world\n"); return 0; } Is around 4-5% larger with debug info, and that's a single trivial C program with a single call, and only build in types. WebKit is largely C++, so a fairly trivial C++ program (that has no function): template struct MyFoo { T m_field; template void add(MyFoo rhs) { m_field += rhs.m_field; } }; int main(int argc, char argv) { MyFoo f; f.m_field = 1.5; MyFoo i; i.m_field = 1; MyFoo d; d.m_field = 0; d.add(i); d.add(f); } Has a 10% size difference in size between deployment style builds and builds with debug info. As the code size increases that amount of information needed in debug builds starts getting very large, as the description of classes and functions starts getting even larger than pure C versions. The size of a debug build can vary quite a lot, as there are different forms of debug info, most commonly stabs or DWARF (and DWARF2). But even these are fairly bad in terms of space efficiency (stabs is evil), mostly as there isn't any real reason for focusing on that - fairly "trivial" space optimizations aren't implemented at all which means there are huge amounts of duplicated information, and the debug formats aren't really C++ aware, so each instantiation of a template results in a complete duplication of all the data describing it. It would be nice if these problems could be fixed (eg. debug info that's aware of templates is the biggest problem in webkit), but other places where information is duplicated needlessly is also fairly crappy. But there's stuff pushing back against such optimizations: Debug symbols are primarily used in _debug_ builds, while debugging. When you're debugging you want the build to be as fast as possible, and any work the compiler+linker do to reduce debug data size is going to add to compilation time, which everyone will then complain about. (Of course without SSDs we'd have probably reached the point we're writing such large amounts of data out would be taking longer than reducing the size and writing less data in the first place...) I'm not sure what this is saying. If it's talking about things the browser can be made to do my response is "so? that's intentional". If it's about things that can happen if you embed user (read: attacker) provided content in your page then you have already lost. There's never a time that you can safely embed content from an untrusted source in your page - no blacklist or whitelist based approach to content is going to be safe. The correct approach to user provided content is to parse the content, drop anything you don't understand or recognize exactly. Then escape all of the left over content, and reconstruct at the end. You could use markdown to do this for you, or you could do it manually if you want you own rules (and/or <>-like syntax). Filtering content is just not sound and every time I see something that seems to imply that it is, it makes me cry. (A example of this taken to its extreme is WebGL shader parsing. A correct + "safe" implementation of WebGL must at the very least: 1. parse the shader itself, dropping all comments, etc 2. perform strict semantic analysis on the result of (especially as many GL drivers don't) 3. take the result of and turn that back into text 4. throw the result of at the gl engine This is necessary to ensure that not only is the shader correct (in the terms of webgl), but also to ensure that no parsing oddities can get through (e.g. something seen as a comment terminator in the driver but not the validator - bugs like this have happened with multiple validators in multiple contexts over the last few decades) It's not really a fair comparison as the dart versions are more-or-less completely statically typed. If they wanted this to be fair they'd be using untyped (typing is "optional" in dart). If you're allowed to modify the code in substantial and performance altering ways for one language, you should be allowed to for the other as well (the JS versions of both those benchmarks have substantial perf problems). This is especially egregious given that the DeltaBlue tests is ported from untyped smalltalk, so the JS version is actually closer to the original. Anyone want to test a webkit nightly? I don't have a desktop machine handy tight now to test on :( Or even just a bug report at bugs.webkit.org Thanks :) That was my thought - i couldn't see why this would make things better (you don't remove trolls, but people who we don't want to consider trolls would now run the risk of simply being outspent and then bankrupted -> which could "hilariously" result in them selling the IP to an actual troll...). I think the fix would be to stop allowing overly broad patents (eg. actually say how what you're doing what you're claiming, instead of saying "i have an idea" and not saying how to do it) I suspect every non white male tech worker in the US has experienced this at some point Wow, that's both scary (more than _50%_ of guys reported that rape was okay in some cases), and depressing (double digit % of women have been conditioned into thinking it's acceptable). Seriously wtf is wrong with people :-/ The behavior of [] is from C -- it's not a bizarro C++ feature. The "redefining keywords" is the pre-processor. That's what it does. There isn't anything magic here. Strictly speaking it can be run entirely ahead of the C/C++ compiler, on any file you want. There's no requirement that it is C/C++ - you could use it on a python script (as long as you weren't using # comments anywhere :D ) The primary effect of the inline keyword is to tell the compiler that a function is not to be exported from the current object. e.g. foo.h: int bar(int i) { return i; /* awesome function! */ foo.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(5) … At this point everything is fine, but lets say there's also: wiffle.cpp: #include "foo.h" … bar(6) … now both foo.o and bar.o will contain a function named bar - because they picked up the definition in foo.h and c/c++ don't (technically) see any difference between a function that has been written inline, or a function that was included from a header. By slapping the inline keyword on the function bar, the link flags for the function change so that the bar won't be exported from any object file that includes it, and so the name collision will no longer occur at link time. There are a bunch of other benefits, mostly along the lines of "there function doesn't need to be exported therefore if it's not used i don't need to include it in the object" JSC should build cleanly on its own (e.g. no dependencies on anything on top of it.) It's possible some of the build scripts have developed a bizarro dependency on other portions of the repo, but we'd happily take patches to fix those issues. As far as APIs, JSC has provided a completely API and ABI stable C API for 7-ish years, and there's an ObjC API built on top of that now. Unfortunately the nature of C APIs for interacting with language runtimes makes it somewhat clunky and hard to use perfectly - C++ makes this easier as you can make types with constructors and destructors to make a lot of the otherwise manual work (ref()/deref(), etc) entirely automatic. Unfortunately C++ makes it easy to make an API that has a stable interface, but still isn't ABI stable. The typed arrays should be available in trunk, haves you checked recent trunk? I believe the "need all of webkit-gtk" was a pile of sadness in build-jsc + automake that may have been fixed recently. I'm sure Zan, Xan, or Michel would be happy to help if it's still borked. There are _some_ platform requirements that make a generic "linux" not work, as we build on the platform support libraries for threads, unicode, etc so JSC may have random looking dependencies on such Have you tried ToT trunk? We moved the entire TA impl into JSC itself last week and just accepted the semantic changes necessary for non-WebIDL types. Tools/Scripts/build-jsc _should_ build just jsc. In response to [1]: Men are victims of trolls, but there is huge difference in the volume and type of trolling that men vs. women experience. There is a gaping chasm between the bullying experienced by men vs. the rapid, ongoing rape and murder threats are the _normal_ "trolling" that women experience. We can't talk about the "plight" of men until we deal with the extremes - and that means as a community we have make people realised that threats of rape, violence and murder are never, ever acceptable. That being a creeper isn't funny, it's unhealthy and threatening. The guessing their social media passwords and defacing and defaming them is unacceptable. Until the current attitude of men on the net changes there is nothing facile about the argument made in this article. The shuttles had similar concepts - various flaps had multiple redundant hydraulic pumps to control them so that even if one went nuts and started going in reverse that other pumps would over power it, and the result would simply be slower response times. Ok so under the ACA she now pays less for her medications (Celebrex does not yet have a generic, i know because i'm on it as well). The headline is link bait: Before the ACA she was paying entirely out of pocket, and now she isn't but it's still expensive. I have very expensive insure and it only brings it down to $50/mo so $85/mo seems reasonable for a cheap plan. Anyway, to back up what i just said, here's the unabridged 2nd paragraph: "Under the plan, her Celebrex would have cost $648 a month until she met her $1,500 prescription deductible, followed by an $85 monthly co-pay." followed by the following in the 5th paragraph: "Before the federal health law took effect, Mason paid slightly more for her monthly premium on a plan that didn't cover her arthritis or pain medications and some routine doctor's visits." A lot of the other examples they have are "patient was trying to get name brand drug rather than the available generic". Now for some meds (birth control for example) the exact brand can be important, but for most it doesn't. IIRC my celebrex prescription (i don't have receipts on me) costs around $800/mo pre-insurance As a person who works on a JS engine I can say that a lot of the speed up in this library is the failure to handle holes correctly - it's surprisingly expensive to do a hole check, although there's still room in most engines to optimise it, those checks are fairly time consuming :-/ Most of the array methods are explicitly defined in terms of indexing rather that iterators, so for(of) is incorrect. On the other hand indexing is still faster than iteration in the major implementations. |with| makes reasoning about function behaviour extremely difficult, take: var x = 5; something.propertyOnSomething = 5 with(something) { x += propertyOnSomething } alert(x); // What is the value of x? eval() causes problems as it can introduce new variables into the local scope making it logically difficult to reason about program behaviour subsequent to the eval(), e.g. function f(x) { eval(something); return Math.sqrt(x); } What is the result of f(9)? It is possible to set things up to make these not catastrophically harm performance, but the question is whether you would rather the engineers working on these engines make uncommon (and arguably bad) things common, or make normal and frequent code fast. Any time spent working on making uncommon things fast is time not spent making other things fast. However the problem these various anti-BC people have (and the court cases that has again bought up IUDs) is that "birth control" drugs are used by huge numbers of people for completely unrelated reasons - numerous thyroid conditions are best treated with "birth control". Also IUDs are solely for BC, and require (out patient) procedures that fall under the 'religious' exemptions. So you don't get coverage for that either. Um, if you don't trust your parter, the solution is not a gross invasion of privacy. In summary: is a cofounder. Tinder brings in a new CMO (after company was founded), name him a cofounder, rewrite history so she is no longer a cofounder, ignore her complaints about harassment, proceed to fire her. Then when this story breaks talk about suspending the "cofounder" that was doing the harassing - acting as though it is new information. I'd be curious about the effect of manually substituting the clang overflow arithmetic intrinsics on the codegen. Yes, weeks or months of work goes into finding the bugs, and then working out how to exploit them. The continued "hacked in x minutes" crap is nonsense. The trees they're trying to keep alive have ridiculously high water consumption, almonds for instance consume 10s of litres of water for each _individual_ almond. They need to stop growing trees like that in a desert, which is what they're doing. The wells they are digging are tapping into the underlying aquifers that are the last resort, so they are in fact getting _free_ water while complaining about the cost. In essence they are stealing the water that other californians pay for. At the same time they are asking for subsidies, to support a business model built on the ridiculously stupid idea of growing high water use crops in a _desert_. The solution is to actually treat this as a free market (as most HN commenters seem to believe is the solution to everything), everyone pays the same amount for water, including farmers. This would mean farmers would actually make sane use of their water - maybe they can't grow almonds for a profit anymore, and switch to something else. They will probably fairly quickly find some new food stuff that people really want to pay lots of money for, but uses less water. That's how things work. California does have that. They just don't apply to farmers, who use 80% of the water. Sadly JSONP continues to flourish and so requires substantial work to get some semblance of good performance for large datasets. JSC explicitly checks all program code for the common JSONP idioms and pushes them down a completely different execution path (that is equivalent to simply calling JSON.parse) :-/ o.f() and (0, o.f)() have different semantics - the latter is closer to temp = o.f; temp(). For that reason the optimisers see the code being function-call vs. method-call. Given the usage of function and method calls are generally different the compilers make different optimising decisions. Building something to deliberately look like a bomb, and then placing it in a location to again make it look as much like a bomb as possible is completely different from: * Making a clock * Telling everyone it is a clock Woz got told off, Ahmed got interrogated with no parents present, then arrested, walked past his schoolmates in hand cuffs, placed in juvenile detention, suspended (still suspended), finger printed, ... No, installing an update requires the passcode. Look for the OTA update stuff in the security white paper. Math.random() is not intended be a _good_ source of random -- it's essentially expected to be on par with C's rand(), although IIRC most implementations are better. There are APIs for cryptographically secure random numbers, but Math.random() is not it. True, but there's also no requirement for quality -- the webkit/javascriptcore rng is a trivially simple generator, with no real statistical analysis performed -- back in the day i ddi some rudimentary testing (simple things like the birthday and pi tests) -- the only real reason you could get away with it in this use case would be that it use a separate ring for every page, and those rngs are seeded from "true" random on every load. Your claim that it's a merry-go-round is seemingly based on a misunderstanding of how medicine works. You're right, medication does not necessarily ever stop. But it also never stops for heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, HIV, ... Some conditions can be cured, some conditions can be treated, some conditions require continual changes and adjustments to medications. For example, some people with mental illness can take drugs for a finite amount of time, and eventually come off them and never have to return to them. Similarly some people who have asthma can eventually come off an inhaler and never need it again. Even in those cases, some people in certain stressful situations can still end up needing to go back to the medication (e.g anti-depressant/inhaler) years/decades later. Some people have to stay on their medication forever, either asthmatics and their inhaler, or people with mental illness and their specific meds. For some people different meds are needed, but that applies to a huge array of drugs -- some people have to use specific brands of inhaler, even specific types of insulin, neurological drugs are no different. And if we start looking at the merry-go-round of changing drug regimes, there are other diseases with similar cases, most obviously HIV, where the treatments have to be continually monitored and changed for each individual, and many have to be taken at fixed times. Mental illness is not a unique disease, the challenges of treatment are not dramatically different from all other diseases. It's just a disease, and like any other disease, living with it takes effort. These don't seem to be controlling their numbers for actual proportion. They're comparing direct %s without considering the higher proportion of white Americans. If there were no bias then the %s shown should match the relative population sizes. This is a scam, theyre actually delaying the news by like 50 minutes. Probably due to corporate sponsorship or something ;) There are much bigger problems due to secondary infections caused by the /permanently/ implanted tubes required for regular dialysis. The tubes also need to be frequently opened and used for self/manual dialysis that may be needed on a regular every-7-hours kind of way. A friend of mine had his kidneys fail and he was on manual dialysis every 7 hours or something, every day, and could never miss ine. Once due to a power cut he had to drive 3 hours to get to a working microwave because he had to heat the fluid bags to body temp before using them. It wasnt illegally made, it wasnt stolen, it was in the public interest (hogan is a very public figure, and has gone on at length about being faithful, not cheating, loose morals of young people). So... Reporting on that seems like actual information that should be public? Compare to the pamela anderson tape, which was with her husband, was literally /stolen from their home/, and was sold for profit. Judge ruled that there wasnt anythig they could do. Meanwhile, Thiel who was using hogan as a proxy has literally just demonstrated that you cant afford to post opinion pieces about tech billionaires and their occassionally delusional comments about how people should behave. Ues there is - hogan is a public figure who is involved in politics and has repeatedly announced his conservative/be faithful/young-people-have-loose-morals bullshit. Hence cheating on his wife was news, the public should have been informed, and unlike that fappening this wasnt stolen. And engadget and kotaku and most of the other tech related websites you probably read. Also its a good lesson to other sites to police content to ensure no one says anything bad about billionaires. Thank god for thiel protecting us from horrible things like censorship! They did have insurance, and when that became clear the claims were changed so that their insurancr wouldnt cover it. This is: you hit me with a car, i find out what your insurance covers, and then make sure that your insurance wont cover it. Its amazing how many people are coming to claim this is "100% awesome", but in another thread will say that reddit closing threads that share stolen nudes or preteen porn is censorship that should be illegal and is demonstrating the power of SJWs. Author seems to be mostly concerned by code loaded as a module being treated as strict 100% of the time. Literally every difference that they list is strict mode (and the usual misunderstanding of |this|) People keep trying to apply lexical scope for |this| when it is always the left hand of the function refernece expression, e.g. Lhs.foo() Lhs[foo]() And Foo() // where lhs is implied to be the scope object defining Foo The last one seems to be what makes everyone super confused, but it is logically: GetScopeWith("foo").foo() Strict mode changes /one/ thing about|this|: whether the value of |this| undergoes object coercion No. If your encryption is not busted then the entropy under /any/ model tends to perfect. If a model is able to predict with /any/ success then your crypto is probably broken. So yes, it is random, and 100 X's could appear in a row. But if your model can effectively compress that, then the model has to be wasting space for all the other sequences. Let's just imagine that you are doing some like basic run length coding (gif! Or jif if you're wrong :) ) So 100 x's turns into (100, x). So you've compressed that part of the stream. Unfortunately everything else is likely (1,a), etc so every other symbol/byte increases in size. If we look at the stream probabilities we get something like P(nX)=(P(X)^n) -- very rough I haven't been at uni for a long time :). You can do a bunch of reasonably simple math do verify it but you eventually end up with something that your average symbol size is sum{x in X}-log(P(x))/|X|. Where X is your set of possible symbols (n,x:X). For a given stream that is not encrypted you may save some space representing the input bytes, but each symbol (n,X) has at /least/ 1 extra bit of information. Overall you can save space. But let's look at the encrypted data. Each input symbol is independent so your probability of any sequence in the input is equal. You will typically have a run length of 1 (P=0.5), 2 (P=0.5), ... So 50% of your output symbols will have at least one extra bit of information /added/. This means your output by necessity is bigger than the input. I used RLE as an example here, but it's true for all compression schemes. This is a necessary property for compression to work: for any data that compresses by n% under a given model there must be some input that increases in size by n% (or some such, again, long time since uni). I believe Wikipedia has an article on the pigeon hole problem or some such that probably explains this better than I can. If there is structure in an encrypted file then the encryption is broken. It is mathematically indistinguishable from true random data. No compression algorithm can compress it. An additional point you need to consider: You can select different models and compression programs (and some programs do do this), but you have to record which one you use in your output. This again increases the size of the output - this means that even a no-op compression algorithm (say cat or cp :D ) results in output that is bigger (you need a initial byte to say you haven't tried to compress). I think the better approach to what you're claiming is for you to provide an example that is compressed. Just provide the input, the key, the encryption algorithm (AES-GCM for preference, but seriously AES-CBC would work to), and the compression algorithm. Ooh, the encryption comment I just made reminded me of an example of compression potentially working on encrypted content. AES-ECB mode will actually compress fairly well for some inputs (the canonical example being a bitmap image). The reason the compression can work? Because the crypto is broken. In the image case you can actually just visually (no maths or anything) see a large amount of the details of the source image. Success: compress.sh: #!/bin/bash echo "#!/bin/bash" echo curl $1 ./compress.sh https://mikeash.com/tmp/randomfile.bin > randomfile.compressedzomg :D /me hides \o/ :D This seems to largely be prostitution (both rent and sex have established value), bartering is ancient. In this case the password is hard coded in the firmware (and the web interface isn't aware of the telnet interface). They actually designed something where the password literally cannot be changed by the user :-/ Someone wrote an article a while back about why this is a stupid idea -- mostly things like "if I want to call so and so in Australia I would now need to find out what time of day in Australia is the time I consider to be evening" Computers already work in terms of utc (assuming correct code ;) ) -- this article is mostly "I know what time I'm in, why should I have to consider other people?" If we were to get rid of anything it should be DST as we aren't agrarian and there's no evidence that the modern "save power" claims are remotely accurate. But then again it's a politically cheap thing for politicians to change it "help the environment" and helping the environment is always good, right? :-/ wut :D (and i know this is a useless comment - my immediate response to the sentence was that :D ) I would suspect that they needed your credentials so that they could get around the activation lock so that they can sell your phone... Gonna guess all white dudes. ... not referring to the terribly named nz soccer team. webcams will. It's a person misreading syntax :-/ Uh, yes? These are known and common side effect and has been for years. How is it news? The headline is misleading as the type system is sound, but the general idea of generics is that the type bindings and constraints should result in a guarantee that there won't be any failing casts at runtime. And they're interpreting the failure to catch all detectable errors statically as a sign of unsoundness, which is not a correct assertion. The Java language's half-assed generics implementation works by type erasure - so everything is boxed to Object. Because of that erasure my guess is that they're not handling inner class type binding correctly (maybe they're not able to? I don't know their compiler internals - fundamentally it _should_ be possible). If anything i'd argue that this is a compiler bug. Anyway, the end result is a type safe (and entirely sound) runtime and language -- if it were not sound it would be possible to write code that _should_ trigger a type failure, either at compile or at runtime, but that doesn't. That is what it means to have an unsound type system, for example all C-derived languages have unsound type systems. Remember the Java has no guarantees of full static safety (the ability to downcast Object to anything ensures that they can never be fully statically typed), so as long as you're guaranteed the the runtime will never let an invalid cast or conversion happen its still correct. Another way of triggering this would be to use introspection to instantiate an instance of a generic class. Because the VM is unaware of generics you'll just get an Object interface through which you could trigger the same faults. Footnote: .NET actually gets generics right, it's not done through erasure but actual correct type bindings. The VM is itself aware of parametric types and instances of said types and so can statically verify the IL itself, so even if you make an unsafe language that targets .NET the VM would reject illformed/unsound IL, before running it: this is VM equivalent of a static failure: it's not waiting for a dynamic cast to fail at runtime. Not if done correctly -- for a JITted language the IL does not increase in size for generic types as the IL still only has a single version (with the type parameters). The JIT can share the code for the majority of Object/Reference instantiations (strictly it could share all object code if it put appropriate type metadata into the in memory class representation). For value types you do need different copies for the various sizes of type parameter, but even then your heap overhead is reduced because you no longer need to box every value. E.g. you no longer need to make an object to wrap an int. So i suspect on balance you reduce the total space requirements. It really depends at what level -- because the erasure is done at the language level rather than the VM you _have_ to have a pile of runtime casts, even when those casts are no-ops :-/ I agree it works, i just don't think it's as elegant :D Of course eventually everything is running on an untyped CPU and everything is just an integer so it's all erased in the end. Unless you have one of those silly mid-90s java cpus right? Or maybe a LISP-machine Java's type system is _sound_ as it guarantees that you will never use a variable of one type as another incompatible type. That is the soundness guarantee, it cannot get stronger than that as the langauge allows down casts, and those are fundamentally unverifiable at compile time. Therefore the soundness of the complete type system /must/ consider the runtime behaviour. This is literally a "the type system is unsound if we don't consider the required runtime semantics of the type system" paper. Even ignoring this, the example they give is something the the typesystem correctly rejects, but what they want is a compile time failure that should be possible. I would say the if anything this is a compiler bug. Actually shamsmall (in the thread) shows the it is a compiler bug, because their compiler does reject it any compile time. Do you have a spec reference for that (not trying to be a dick - i just want to understand what the type system believes it should be doing here as the value being assigned to a reference should not influence the type system behaviour) Just to further clarify, the existence (or not) an _explicit_ cast operator is not necessary to create an implicit cast that might fail. The dumbest case being due to the contra variant array semantics that say i can do this: Object[] foo = new String[10] foo[0] = new Integer(1) which is the type error, even if the reported error is something akin to a "array store error" or something (it's been a long time since i did java programming :D) omg, "3d models"!! VRML!!!!! Truly this is a wonder of the era Remember when you could browse the internet on a 56k modem? Can you imagine trying to do that today? "Here download 1meg of JS because i want to have a link, but didn't want to write " Oh, i'm 100% sure i complained about slow pages then as well, but otoh a delayed background didn't typically* block all the content. That said this wasn't really a comment about time to load the page back then, but rather the massive amount of data pulled for exactly the same content now. There's also things like Gmail, FB, etc that do a lot of things that fundamentally wouldn't be achievable then. But i still think that there's a lot of strictly unnecessary content pulled. Things that are logically needed given the way the code is written, but i feel a bunch is overwritten, and a bunch is for stuff that i don't personally need/want, so why ship that to anyone? ;) * Ok, ignoring bright yellow text on a white background until the swirly background image comes into existence. I guess the early internet was similar to those old "awful myspace page" competitions :D Repeats the standard "encourages diversity of opinion" message that is simply not true. The electoral college system undermines that as you only need minority support in the correct locations, and gives excessive weight to areas with lower populations. Areas with lower populations are inherently more homogeneous in terms of beliefs/political opinions etc (see the overwhelming majority of votes in one direction in states with lower population). That said, even the "gives smaller states a voice" is nonsense as the goal of geographic representation is explicitly provided by the senate. Seats in the senate are provided on a state basis, not a population basis. The _only_ portion of the US government that has any semblance of a democracy in the traditional sense is congress which is intended to be proportional to population size. However the ability for political parties to vigorously gerrymander kind of reduces that. More opinionated: A dual vote system: party vote + individual member vote does a good job of breaking gerrymandering and is also a provably more fair method of voting, but i'm sure that every elected official that benefits from it will push back against it because "the founders!" Uh no? A few days/weeks of rain aren't enough to recover from years of not having any. A long drought means that even when rain does subsequently fall it just runs back into the ocean - the ground is too dry and there aren't sufficient catchment areas to slow it down. CA needs months of the rain that we had for a single signle day. First to get the ground absorbing water again, and only then will aquifers and the like start seeing any recovery. This is all drought recovery 101 :-/ You are correct: resistant bacteria is not new. Resistance to /all/ antibiotics is. The problem is that this was resistance can spread to even relatively unrelated bacteria via horizontal gene transfer. This means that it is not unreasonable to expect an increasing number of such fatalities. The reason people are worried is that this literally puts us back to where we were 80 years ago, in which a cut could actually kill you. Obviously we've come a lot further in understand how contamination occurs, and how infections spread so i suspect that it won't be as bad overall (reduced amputation, faster correct response) but it won't be smooth sailing as usual. As a follow up, what do you suggest should be used instead? Explicit life time management? refcounting? ownership models? They all have problems (although the exact problems change) and/or require substantially different programming models. I know the root's comment wasn't actually useful. People who have decided they hate GC like this will always do so. Much like vim/emacs :D It was more a question of whether the commenter had any better solutions to propose. I was /really/ trying not to just be a dick and say "cool, so you work out how to do that without changing the language at all". :D It still does conservative root scanning for the stack. Hurrah for ABI compatibility! Not one of these matches my reason: Cold email for marketing is spam. But then maybe this is because i'm not famous? Do famous people not get spam, just real non-"liar" cold emails? Are there any power usage stats public yet? It also cost more than $6 for a single one way link. Why on earth would you ever take it when even an ordinary taxi is cheaper? FEE is a fairly biased and bigoted organization, but their argument /sounds/ plausible. It /sounds/ stupid that you should have to remove, or not publish, content just because deaf people can't read it. But the alternative is for the law to say that the ADA does not apply to deaf people. That is the /only/ way to stop this having to be pulled down. If that exception is made then there is no longer any reason for any government organization to support deaf or hard of hearing (UCB is huge, so the cost argument that applies here, also applies to any other government organization). Among other things, that means that the public education system would no longer need to support deaf children. The ADA exists specifically because before the ADA existed schools did exactly that, as did universities, etc Or they just recompile with 64bit support? The App developers -- assuming they aren't doing anything bizarre that should be trivial for the vast majority of applications. That said i'm unsure what would happen if they're using now-deprecated API -- i /suspect/ that would not effect the majority of these Apps, but I would not be surprised if some apps required a degree of work to update/move of old APIs. Ah schedules. I assume you don't use Bart regularly? ;) Any plan to add the allocators used in modern browsers? bmalloc (webkit), which ever tcmalloc variant chrome currently uses, the current firefox allocator, I have no idea if edge has an allocator that is not the default windows one? Quite aside from anything else, can someone explain whether or not the same logic would apply to (for example) asking someone to open a safe vs. the code to open the safe. It seems like this ruling would say that failing to open the safe is functionally the same? As a gratuitously distorted example, lets say i had cooked accounting books in a spreadsheet on my computer, and they were encrypted by a random password that /i/ do not know, but have on a memory stick in a safe. It seems that logically that would be equivalent, but i also am very much not a lawyer so am perfectly willing to accept i am missing nuance of the law. Outside of the law i don't like the forgone conclusion stuff - for example, revolution period you could say hanging out with revolutionaries regularly could reasonably conclude your documents include a calendar for revolutionary meetings so you should be required to provide that information and/or information required to receive that. Obviously that's some contorted logic but i don't think it's that far removed from this. I would argue that a hash match should be sufficient, and i would be convinced that (absent other information and details) this was evidence that he's a pedo, but i can see how a lawyer could create reasonable doubt where in reality there is none (specifically referring to hashes here, nothing else). Of course i can't serve on a jury (and apparently knowing what you're talking about may be disqualifying? :-/) So very tired of "less punctuation saves typing time" fluff here. If ()'s etc are really that much of your typing time I question what you're doing. Readability is a subjective concept but many of these "remove unnecessary parens" languages irk me because I would argue that they /do/ make code more readable (subjective!). A lot of the "unnecessary" syntax has never been necessary for a parser - it's there to make the code easier for /people/ to interact with. it also counts the benefits of static typing multiple times (seemingly not acknowledging that the earlier compiler errors are a by product of static typing not an addition to). It tries to make a reasonable argument about how errors are handled in JS vs Go, but instead of saying "JS uses exceptions for error handling, whereas Go uses explicit error return codes" it goes into a weird "coding style" ramble where it complains vehemently about stack unwinding, but ignores verbosity (that a few paragraphs earlier was the worst thing in the world) of explicit error handling. I think if the author hadn't tried to say this was a comparison, but instead said "reasons I like Go more than JS" I would not have had as much of a problem with this article. Thanks for the answer! :D I kind of wonder whether forestry engineering has it? as mgberlin says chemistry makes sense, process engineering also seems like it would make sense. But i /feel/ that larger scale (civil, etc) would not? I mean i kind of imagine civil, forestry, etc would be more portfolio driven? So this may be dumb, but as far as I can tell this is comparing a 64bit double to a different data type that uses many more bits -- the example implementation uses an additional 9 bytes (ignoring padding/alignment etc). Of course that has better precision - it has literally more than doubled the size of the representation. I am on phone (so actual code review will take time), but I'm not convinced that you can get rid of those extra bits. That said the absence of -0 is actually a problem for some math - you need it for some operations to come out correctly given that you are using a finitely bound representation. I'd love to see a clearer paper comparing precision, etc with equal size constraints. No, because they keep wanting to dig coal out of the ground? :-/ Here's the problem with saying include "age, sex, race, socio-economic..." as being /objective/ is that it literally repeats existing stereotypes and biases. There's plenty of evidence that there is a huge amount of bias due to race, being poor means you can't afford good lawyers, etc. So now what happens is the information hat feeds into the algorithm is going to be something like " currently receives longer sentences" leads it to just repeat the existing behaviour, but now it claims to be a machine and so unbiased, so judges defer to it. I feel that as a defendant i should be able to ask them to re-run the algorithm with a changed race and a changed zip code so we can get a comparison and measure of effective algorithmic bias. It doesn't seem like they even remotely controlled for different graduation/student sizes so of course the big public universities beat Ivy League. Not trying to denigrate those universities more just an observation of terrible link bait reporting. That said I wouldnt expect Harvard/Yale etc to be high up because their big cachet is business and law Magic! Cyber attacks use patched exploit to attack systems running out of date software, even in large enterprises handling sensitive data? I give a pass to individuals (bandwidth for updates can be expensive, regular users don't know about patch Tuesday etc), but enterprise scale deployment should have IT for this, and IT should have been well aware of this kind of thing happening. Javascriptcore (so all the webkits :) ) Bart delays probably won't be any longer than usual ;) The real problem with rent control is SFs /bizarre/ implementation: it's determined by the age of the house, not the financial position or age of the residents. I know multiple 20-30 year olds earning Bay Area tech salaries who have rent control. Which is insane. That headline seems very ambiguous :) One thing my wife learned and told me (she’s a biologist so actual science vs my CS background :) ) was actually fairly interesting and is apparently widely considered true among evolutionary biologists: If you are male of you are likely to carry genes from your father that produce a similar appearance to him. You will /also/ carry genes from your mother that prefer your appearance (your mother choose your father based on appearance). If you are female offspring you will inherit those same genes but won’t express the male appearance ones. You will still pass them on to your offspring. So you end up with a cycle where offspring look like/prefer the appearance of their parents, and will forward variants of those genes on to their own offspring. This is effectively a feedback loop that will carry on until limited by some other factor - eg if your tail is too long you may end up dying too quickly to mate, if it gets too small you may not be able to fly at all (some of the old pigeon breeds studied by Darwin are hilarious). This means that the selection for beauty does not necessarily mean that there’s an awareness of fitness being proxied by beauty. Once she had labouriously explained it to me it seemed really obvious. * note I used male/female etc for ease of typing - there are a few species where the role of being attractive is reversed Ugh, this is a real issue (twitter, or other "social" platforms) are all presidential communication platforms -- legislation shouldn't (i know, i know, ideal world, old man shouts at sky, etc) be special cased. It should be "all communication on any public platform should be archived, no matter the nature or location of the platform". Naming it the COVFEFE act trivializes what is a real issue (presidents should not have the ability to retroactively remove records of public statements). I few people have already commented on needing to properly isolate the memories, and how difficult it is, and a few others have said that’s better than nothing (and I agree replacing the officers who know which is the suspect in a line up with those who don’t is a basic but massive improvement). The problem is how easy /accidental/ compromise is, even if you’re trying to avoid it. Just imagine you reading back their testimony to verify it is correct and misspeaking, that is enough. That said the wonders of CSI, etc have gone a long way to over represent the fallibility of people and to over promise the capability of science/equipment/magic. #MakingGUIinVBtoBacktrackTheKillersIP My understanding is that (1) is you deliberately did something that killed someone but your intent was not to harm them, say you’re working on a car you mean to scare them by faking dropping the engine on them, but actually do drop the engine, vs (2) you’re working with your friend on a car and drop the engine without knowing that they’re under it. For (2) i believe that other things feed in to it - did you take sufficient caution, did you have reason to know there was someone there, were you following best practice, etc. If you did literally nothing wrong (eg a completely freak accident) I don’t believe manslaughter would apply IANAL though so don’t go dropping engines on people and blame me :) Given the number of ghost written publications shouldn't there be a slew of retractions? It's unethical, and generally a violation of journal rules to publish another's work listed with yourself as an author. Then there's a journal editor that they pay, who they worked with to get a paper retracted, surely that should result in a re-review of everything involved there as well? Has anyone done the work to determine which papers are involved and start the retraction notification process? Somehow I don’t see a guy who says that women “in general” aren’t as technically capable giving similar weighting’s to a woman who went to a women’s college to a man who went elsewhere. Same reason the doctor leaves the room when you take an X-ray. The issue isn’t one time exposure it’s repeated exposure. The issue with roundup isn’t whether it’s safe if you drink it (most “safe” cleaners, etc will at least make you feel crappy if you just drink them - he’ll copper sulphate spray used for low level onset protection would send you straight to hospital if you drank it). It’s a matter of cumulative exposure and time. Most cancers, even chemically induced ones take time to become large enough to be noticed and people get many different cancers naturally - if a small amount of roundup cause cancer immediately it would be gone already. Much like Uber I take issue with the unethical behaviour of Monsanto in multiple areas. Maybe roundup is safe and could be used as icing at a five year olds birthday, but they shouldn’t be ghost writing papers for journals. Also unethical is allowing someone to ghostwrite a paper for you and publishing it with your name. Review game of thrones ;) More seriously I think you need to realize that there are two “politics” in management: First there’s managing and interacting with your direct reports. This requires a different set of skills/interactions than the other more “politicy” element of managing interaction with other teams and higher ups. The latter effects and is effected by where you want your career to go. The first step for me was recognizing that these two roles are completely different. Ugh, I don’t have a problem with saying that you no longer want to broadcast details, but I don’t think you should get to park. I say this with a wife that they actively advocate murdering (it’s weird that everyone focuses just on the white supremacy and not the literal “we must kill the Jews” horror). So as much as I hate them and all those people that wish that the USA (and England, etc) lost ww2 I still don’t think you get to take over their domain. That’s not relevant to my point - these are awful people, but they should be free to state their beliefs. They shouldn’t be free to act on them. More importantly: it’s much better for everyone if we know who they are. I’d certainly feel better if I knew who was a direct risk for my wife. Honestly I wish there was a site that just enumerates Nazis in America. But at the same time I’d be worried about the converse: a site the tracks “antifa”. There are some awful people who would fall under the strict “member of antifa gang” style semantic, but the Nazis are labeling all non-Nazis as antifa. Given there’s at the very least a white supremicist as president I’d be concerned about giving carte Blanche privilege to label people like this. Everything is awful. I fucking hate those asshole “trump is better than Hilary because I don’t research anything other than some nd bite” people that put us in this position Appealing to authority isn't a valid argument. Brendan and I have had many discussions about the nature of threading in JS. The reality is that to get high performance in JS on modern (and future afaict) is that JS will need to have some lower cost threading mechanism than that provided by workers. If you read the article you'll see that there isn't any way to mismatch lock/unlock. The other massive footgun is the for whatever reason people insist on creating standard libraries that are not thread safe (collections, apparently bigint in java?). JS is never going to have completely undefined behavior, but non-determinism already exists. Is concurrent code easier to screw up than single thread? yes. Is that cost enough to discount the possibility of ever having threads? I don't know. The article goes one way, you clearly go the other. Uh, no shit? Seriously people seem to have a bizarre obsession with the idea of having “humans == pinnacle”. Evolution does not give a damn about any of this. Because it isn’t conscious, it simply a natural action that comes from the way the universe works. Evolution doesn’t mean things become more complex. It means the things that are better at having children survive. Literally nothing more than that. Truly :D This doesn't block advertising, it specifically blocks the cookies used to track users, even then it doesn't completely block them, it just partitions them off such that you can't correlate between multiple sites, and introduces a shorter time out so that an advertiser can't remember you for longer than is reasonable. People aren't unhappy that ads exist, they are unhappy that ads (and ad networks in general) run rough trod over their privacy, and track them everywhere that they go. Unless you believe that ads /only/ work if the advertiser knows your age, sex, religion, political affiliation, your living arrangements, your relationship with your family, .... I would argue that the current obsession with tracking users has not only violate our privacy but also made the ads worse. e.g. I once bought a washing machine over the internet. For about 6 months I continued to get ads offering me deals to apparently help me expand my new washing machine collection. It didn't matter what I was looking at, the sum total of what they got from all of the information they collected is that while looking at books I was secretly yearning for more washing machines. I'm not even saying people don't want to see ad, I'm saying that users don't want you tracking them across other sites. A user doesn't want site A knowing that they went to site B, and that is what tracking based ads appear to be to the user. In reality it's even worse because while sites A & B, which the user does trust, don't know it is in fact a separate business they've never seen or heard of that know about you visiting A and B. and also C, D, E.... right? I suspect someone has just made a bitcoin article generator. Have you ever looked at the accounts of women who /have/ reported it? If it actually goes to trial basically the defense finds every single thing you ever did and tries to portray you as a slut who was asking for it. If the person is famous people will say you’re lying and trying to get rich out of a settlement. You’re required to repeatedly go over every step of the assault whether it was harassment or rape. They ask if you orgasmed (because that means you wanted it), that your jeans were too tight for a rapist to remove them, you were partially responsible because you passed out (so it wasn’t rape), ... Then even if they do get found guilty they punishment may be insignificant (think Stanford rapist) And then there’s how you get penalized, irrespective of whether the person was found guilty * if you’re on social media you get harassed by the bigots on chan, Reddit, etc your name on google ends up publicizing the assault * if the person you’re accusing has power/influence you lose your career (which is why so many victims in film didn’t say anything about asshole guy). Tech has a similar problem - look at what happens to women who call out anything at tech conferences. The result of saying anything is typically catastrophic to the victim and frequently has little impact on the abuser. If you ever actually pay attention you can find out about the people women tell each other to avoid at cons or parties because they are known predators. Because doing it that way is less harmful or and damaging to your own life than going public. Right? Always bothered me “but they were drunk, it’s not their fault” That’s cool. I’ve been drunk before and haven’t ever raped anyone. The headline is a bit extreme in phrasing but every study I’ve seen found the legalizing sex work reduces sexual assault rates, and reduces abuse of sex workers (the ability of “pimps” etc to control prostitutes is precisely because sex workers can’t go to the police or an employment authority). I read the title as GOP and was incredibly confused :D That said, I'm curious about why they choose Mumbai (similar to @amiturk) - is it cable access, politics, land cost, ...? this isn't a code error -- it's a logic error. No amount of "safeness" in the language will save you from telling the language, without breaking the rules, from doing something that is "wrong". For instance: sudo rm -rf / Every part of that is completely sound and correct. There are no buffer overflows, emory corruption, or anything. You wrote a completely correct command to do something (probably) really wrong. I think the problem is that if you work a tech job for 5-10 years you are way out of the middle class. Middle class is generally 50-100k/year. 5-10 years of experience in tech should put you well past 100... Your idea of "saving money for when you quit" doesn't work for middle class as the amount you save is not enough for "living on ramen for a few years" -- it will likely not be enough to even pay rent. Per https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United... If you were earning more than 100k you were in the top 7% (in 2014) More than 75k puts you in the top 13% or there abouts. Tech is wealthy I wish this could be hammered into the thick heads of congress: there is secure, and there is insecure. There is not a gradient. Right? Apparently police never solved crime before they were allowed full access to every aspect of your life. We change key size because what is secure in terms of key size is literally compute bound. Key strength changes because we predict when a key will /cease being secure/. That said most of the demands made by DoJ aren't for reduced key size, they're for variations of key /escrow/: literally breaking the security model of crypto entirely. So maybe I could be more specific: there is no such thing as an almost secure protocol. The key (ha!) result of this recognition is that all secure protocols have been moving to some variant of ephemeral keys. Specifically to deal with the problem of all static keys eventually becoming insecure. I had another comment, but in response to your Ed: comment: key size is not a measure of security. It is a measure of how /long/ we intend the key to be secure. More explicitly: Key size does not exist of the gradient of protocol security. We know how long a key takes to break given current technology and algorithms. We choose a key size to render the time to break infeasible against our prediction of state of the art some amount of time in the future. If there's a gradient, the gradient isn't "how secure it is", its "how long it will remain secure". Hence any policy that endeavours to control the "strength" of encryption through controls over key length is /necessarily/ requiring an insecure key size. It can be put this simply: How small must the key be to allow it to be "good enough" for the DoJ? Would they accept a continuous 5 years on a 10000 gpus? Noting of course that in 18-24 months that key size will now only require 2.5 years, then 1.25, 7 months, 3 months... Of course I'm sure 5 years and millions of dollars will be "unreasonable", so it would need to take less time, and cost less. No one came up with a better "solution" than escrow because there is not one. I've spent years of my life working on making it so people don't have to risk their information whenever it touches a computer. Key length is a measure of how long you want the key to be secure. Also note that we tried that once in the past: DES had a deliberately crippled key space. That was resulting in terrible security bugs only a few years ago. Apple never has your keys to store. That's kind of the point of end to end encryption. Note that on osx/ios that same e2e encryption protects credit card and password data. Saying company X should store their keys is the same as saying "Company X should paint a giant target on their servers that have to be weakly protected to appease requests from agency Y". The solution to unending breaches of user data is to not be able to decrypt it, that only way to achieve that is to never have the keys. A protocol is secure if, and only if, the fastest attack is an attack on the key itself. All of the recent crypto breaks (that not cause by prior key size restrictions req'd by gov agencies) have been protocol flaws, e.g. flaws in the protocol allowed you to derive the key without having to just explore the entire key space. Anything other than deriving the plaintext of encrypted data alone would mean the protocol was insecure. That said, I am coming to agree with you in terms of trying to explain to people who don't write crypto code that saying key size is gradient of security is probably the most sensible thing. I still disagree with you on the actual statement :D there has never been a point where they solved most crimes. The difference is now people just happen to be carrying more information with them in their pocket than they ever had before. This is standard behaviour I would expect in most languages that have implicit type conversions. The article seems to be willfully disregarding that. I can think of no language that would not produce either that string, a fault, or (on the outside) NaN. Java is doing a completely sensible thing here. That majority of operators are left associative, and that associativity is not dependent on the types involved. Very high level let's say the grammar is: Expr :- Expr + Primitive | Primitive Primitive :- Integer | String And then determining the type is always: type(Integer) = int type(String) = string type(Expr) = type(Primitive) or minimum_type(left, right) With the simple rule (in this case) minimum_type(left, right) if (left == right) return left; return string In java the type conversions are done as pass during compile time, doing something like this for (node in AST) if (type(node) != required type) replace node with type_conversion_node(node, required_type) But none of this is java specific -- all statically typed languages (with implicit conversion) would do this. Dynamically typed languages in general cannot do this (in practice you can do a degree of it with local inference, etc), but that just changes when the type check is done. [Edit, because the same confusion about static/dynamic/strong/weak typing is being made in multiple places. Strong typing: The language does not allow you to perform an operation on a type if that operation were invalid when applied to that type. In java (to make it explicit) I could do (int[])someUnrelatedObject - that cannot be statically verified but it will fault at run time, because it is strongly typed. The equivalent in C will happily go off into the weeds and destroy everything. Weak typing: A language does not guarantee that invalid operations will be prevented. For example C and C++ do have types, and they will disallow invalid uses, but there is no guard to prevent you from casting to an unrelated type. A more extreme example is some older languages that don't even disallow argument mismatches, etc. Static typing: the types in the code are static, specifically they do not change run-to-run. The types of fields, variables, etc in the source could be inferred, or explicit by the programmer, but they are all known before the code is ever run. So C, C++, Java, etc are statically typed. Mostly. Because of Java's boneheaded array sub typing behaviour Object array[]; array[0] = someObejct; can fail at runtime due to a dynamic type check. Dynamic typing: some or all expression types are not known until the code is run, everyone knows python, js, etc (getting tired running out of steam) So anyway, you can have: Strong/Dynamic: Python, JavaScript, ... Strong/Static: Haskell, etc Weak/Dynamic: Can't think of a good example here because tired :D Weak/Static: C And obviously there's a tonne of in-between C++: all of C, plus statically type safe casts, and dynamically type safe casts Objective-C: all of C, but the ObjC object system which lets you send arbitrary messages to arbitrary targets. But you don't have to have the correct parameter types... ... And this all ignores what caused this article in the first place: implicit type conversions. These do not effect the Strong/Weak description of the language if they are well defined, eg. people often complain about string promotion, but neglect to comment on someInt + someFloat promoting the int to a float, even though such a promotion can lose data. The distinction is purely a matter of "does the language allow you to perform an operation on a value of a type that is not compatible with that operation". One way to achieve that is the say it's completely illegal: throw an exception at runtime, fail to compile, etc another alternative is to implicit convert the type to something that is valid. Note that /converting/ a value changes the value being used. Compare that to the not type safe version where you literally ignore the type of the value being used. In the case of int + float it's the difference between converting the int to a float value, and just treating the bits of the integer as if they were the bits in a float. Many apologies about the awful writing, but it's late :D This has literally nothing to do with static typing. It is 100% due to implicit promotion (demotion?) of addition operands to string if either operand is a string. All static typing does is mean that the type check, and so decision to insert the conversion call is done at compile time. Dynamic typing just means that the type check and decision to insert the conversion is done at the point the + is evaluated. I remember years ago (when I was still active in browser dev) having to argue with people who wanted jquery to be embedded in the browser and/or be part of the DOM spec. I'd like to imagine that this kind of article would help people understand why browsers don't just do that and instead try to develop general APIs that enable frameworks to grow and evolve or simply be replaced as new dev models spring into being. Consider this: jQuery needed a bunch of DOM operations to be very fast and have certain behaviors (it's a long time ago, but iirc there were selectors, property apis, certain kinds of nodelist behaviour). Multiple webdevs proposed build jQuery APIs into the browser, so rather than making the underlying operations fast, we'd just have the critical path implemented natively inside the browser. While that would have solved some performance problems it would not have helped any other framework. By instead making those core functionality faster, and providing general APIs for the things jQuery needed, other frameworks could also make use of them. My hope is that by seeing these posts (which are honestly tending toward EoL notices) people will remember than no one library is ever likely to be permanent, and will stop asking for browser to just include the libraries internally. The trick I heard was to literally throttle the writes if you see repeated parallel writes or similar -- as row hammer depends on rapid writes that should be sufficient. But I also have no real idea how hardware actually works :) (magnets? how do they work?) no the google site has the actual white papers detailing the attacks. There are two different issues. 1. Intel only (so far) is related to prefetching privileged memory 2. More or less everyone: Speculatively executing code that has variable execution time. I believe SAB is being disabled, and apparently precision of performance.now() as well? (based on other comments) The problem isn't "it's not bought forward by that much relatively" in as much as you have an agreed timeline to have coordinated patches (e.g so one org doesn't push a fix before other orgs have). So if you have a bunch of orgs set up to do a release on day X, and then publish on X-[whatever] then you are effectively zero-daying. Is it super important in this case? shrug. But imagine for the sake of argument there was some undocumented cpu behaviour "if instruction x,y,z are executed in that order with these constants then catch fire", then having anyone pre-empt the agreed update time could be bad. the tight loop iteration used a shared array buffer to provide a high resolution timer, specifically to deal with the obvious fix of truncating precision of performance.now(). The reason for /further/ truncating performance.now() is that the relative cost in this attack means that you don't need as much precision as was needed for the original (page table? I think) attack. A SAB timer just needs to increment a counter in one thread and read it in the host thread and the granularity is however long it takes to get through a for-loop. it is effected by spectre, but not by the other. That's why they removed SharedArrayBuffer -- that's literally the only shared memory mechanism available to JS on the web. That only prevent reading over higher privilege (the meltdown vulnerability) it doesn't protect the arbitrary user land reads from spectre. it isn't. There have been a few PoC referenced on twitter, and the spectre paper itself reference a PoC in browser hosted javascript (e.g. random ad can scan memory ) it's obviously not a free + zero time activity, but I'm going to assume someone making an ad to scan memory isn't super concerned about end user cpu usage or battery life.. The masking is done in addition to bounds checks, not instead of, so no it isn’t adding a mechanism to write out of bounds - the masking is purely to limit the upper bounds of speculative load distance. As far as the attack: writing to memory pulls the effected page into the cache just as a read does Cmov can speculate as well (it makes sense from a performance standpoint but that isn’t the same as secure ;) ) There are times I would prefer the reverse :) But I guess that just means going to prop departments in film studios? So the articles says that they can take tips if they pay the minimum wage -- given the minimum wage for jobs that traditionally have a significant tip component is typically much lower than the "minimum wage" (because it's made up in tips, right?), does this mean that they're referring to the non-tip minimum wage? Screw non English speakers right? English is not anywhere near the most common language, and plenty of “Latin” languages require accents that are provided by Unicode. Compare él to el in Spanish one means he (iirc) the other means “the” - he-man.com and the-man.com are probably going to be different. The reason for annual flu vaccinations isn’t because we can’t make vaccines, it’s because the flu virus mutates quickly and the mutations are sufficient to make all existing “knowledge” in the immune system not see it. The average annual flu vaccine actually includes markers for two to three different strains that are /estimated/ to be the ones that are likely to take off each year. The reason for this years flu being so bad is that they got it wrong. As far as general immunity, that’s unlikely: immunity basically isn’t inherited - “inherited” immunity is generally derived from the mother’s immune system through milk and some of the microbiome picked up by the baby during birth. Generally gene editing is unlikely to allow magic vaccines to be built in to your dna. These days the primary problem in creating vaccines is first finding a set of markers that are sufficiently stable to make it unlikely that they can be trivially mutated away, that also doesn’t match any markers people have on their own cells (otherwise you’d just create an injected autoimmune disorder), and also can be packaged so that trains the immune system correctly. This is literally the exact argument people made when only supporting IE6 (and remember at that point in history IE was arguably the best browser, warts and all) Minor nit - inside a given compile object (library, framework, main executable) with PIC all accesses are performed using a pc relative address not a table lookup. The performance impact should be no where near 10%. In fact on arm pc relative addresses are /faster/ as loading an absolute address requires multiple instructions (if nothing else it hurts the icache). More seriously the use of a offset table is an implementation detail. On macOS at least dyld directly patches the majority of cross-object calls and accesses through stubs, either converting access to a direct absolute address or a assembly stub that tail calls to the correct place. (Very much a generalization here :) ) So yes if your code is extremely heavily limited by call and load overhead from accessing another library you’ll see a real perf impact. But at that point you should be asking why you’re calling such a lightweight function so much that the call overhead itself is a problem. Blockbuster was controlled by a fairly conservative group that deliberately chose not to carry porn. They even made that awful stripper movie (versayth anyone?) “sfw ” by using cutting edge CGI to add little triangle bras, apparently costing more than the original movie. Which I think they had to pull because that made it copyright infringement :) Yeah if I ever went to a non public “paid in stock” I would pay a lawyer to ensure my contract let me cash out whenever I wanted, and couldn’t be diluted, and didn’t have lower payout priority. I'll happily take payment in cash if you don't think that I'm worth paying in actual stock with actual value. If you're paying in stock with the argument that I'm buying into the company, then I should be able to realize that income. If you're paying in stock without actually saying I can cash out that stock why would I accept being underpaid. If you are an engineer that takes a salary+stock comp where the company gets to choose the value of "stock" -- is it salable, is it zero-value until we've repaid our creditors is being foolish. If a company is not willing to guarantee your ability to cash out they are /explicitly/ stating that the stock part of your salary is worth zero. If that's their claim I would expect a salary >200k to compensate. You mistake what I'm saying -- I'm not saying "my lawyer writes the contract" I'm saying that for a non-public startup I would want to have a lawyer ensure that my contract allowed me to exercise the stock grants the company claims to be offering. I am following that with the simple "if they aren't willing to sign such a contract, neither am I". I have no expectation of forcing a company into a contract they disagree with, I'm saying that if I sign a contract with such a startup it's going to give me a reasonably predictable income. That means either a real and competitive salary, or an ability to exercise the "stock compensation". I'm not going to subsidize someone else. True, I didn't mean to discount other issues, My wife is the actual scientist, I just write code :D (she actually understands all of this, so take my entire commentary as being a CS major interpreting a molecular biologist - I'm an idiot, my wife is amazing :D) I'll happily take an actual competitive salary instead of stock if you're not willing to grant me an ability to sell or exchange stock. I believe they solved the problem of never renting from them again :D (too soon? :D ) I don't really consider 32bit builds to be something that you should be considering these days -- you should really be building x86-64 at this point. iOS is 64-bit only, macOS is warning devs about 32bit compiles, I refuse to believe that windows is still pushing 32bit. I can't imagine building linux 32bit at this point -- seriously, why would you throw away that perf? This is the kind of thing I expected after they started the “don’t be terrible” policy following dbag looking for dead people. I think the better option would be to allow advertisers to have an ability to blacklist certain channels completely. But given the quality of web ads maybe that would not be sufficient? I assume they now have a policy banning “how to make a bomb in 3 easy steps” but the phrasing of the rule necessarily captures “I made gunpowder at home to do science” The real problem is that everything is so concentrated - YouTube blocking something functionally censors it completely. On the other hand 20 years ago such a channel couldn't even really exist. It would be more feasible if people were willing to pay for things like this, and that setting up such a payment system would be viable (yes I know that was what bitcoin was ostensibly meant to do) Alternatively I wrote this but decided it was too snarky but I don’t want to delete it: This is American dammit, we need to protect children from dangerous things like how to make gunpowder, kinder surprises, science, etc. Otherwise when will they find the time to play with their guns?