It seemed very familiar, at least the motions the author has gone through. On my first retreat, after one day, I was absolutely sure that I wanted to leave. Sitting was painful, there was a lot of sleepiness, and I was longing for daily joys such as listening to music. And the mind is very well able to snowball unpleasanties :). After that first day, when I had the first talk with the meditation teacher, he made a joke about my mocking, subtle enough to make me smile. The discontent quickly melted away, and it suddenly became clear to me that I was suffering because I was craving for pleasantness. The following week had moments with intense joy, moments with intense pain. But it became easier to see them without clinging, giving a lot of peace. It's something definitely worth doing. Though it doesn't hurt starting with tiny steps, rather than cold-turkey ;). Indeed. But daily practice is something to treasure :). "Memory is predictable, and with Valgrind not a danger." I find that statement a tad too optimistic. If you use Valgrind continually (and people really should), you do catch memory misuse in normal situations. It does not say much about how well programs function with 'abnormal' inputs (accidents, exploits). Given that bugs do happen, even to the best of programmers, would you rather have a buffer overflow or an exception? It depends on the application and context, but it is harder to answer (and get it right) than the author pretends. Of course, except that many runtimes/libraries handle tripping over array boundaries gracefully, rather than overwriting memory. And some languages avoid null/wild pointers completely. Your programs will still be suspectible to buffer overflows, invalid dereferencing, etc. While, say, Haskell programmers do not have the same problems. Valgrind is no substitute to runtime checks and a proper type system. I'd say: just try it. After reading haskell-cafe for a day, I felt utterly incapable of ever learning Haskell. I started picking up the language using Real World Haskell (quite an acceptable book). I can read most programs now and crafted some short programs. I still find predicting memory/time use under a lazy-evaluation regime difficult. But it is certainly a nice experience ;) It is unlikely that the Berkeley people would've pushed for a completely free (software) kernel without the Stallman influence: "I think it's highly unlikely that we ever would have gone as strongly as we did without the GNU influence," says Bostic, looking back. "It was clearly something where they were pushing hard and we liked the idea." Source: http://oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/ch09.html Or maybe what seems normal to us know, did not seem so normal in the days? I am to young to have witnessed the UNIX industry in the '80ies. I can understand your conclusion and sentiment. It is also a trap one can easily fall into during meditation, and can lead to both the extremes of anti-materialism and pure hedonism, as can be seen also in Buddhist (and other) cultures. This is exactly why the Buddha and later teachers emphasize on taking the middle road. In the end, meditation is observing things as they are, and theoretically you could do this while being an anti-materialist or a hedonist. However, people usually become anti-materialists because they want to block out a large collection of 'distractions', such as pleasanties. They would always be practicing half: such distractions are also part of reality. Hedonists on the other hand, easily become attached to their wealth, making progress in meditation hard as well. So teachers always advise to take a balanced approach to meditation: do not become an ascete, do not indulge too much in wealth, do not be lazy, also avoid zealotry. The mind, and world as it is in the moment provides all the necessary circumstances to learn to understand the mind. Then there is a practical dimension as well: a starving person is probably not able to meditate, a very wealthy person is probably not very willing to meditate. My personal interpretation of Buddhist ethics is, that it is aimed to create the circumstances for as many people as possible to reach enlightenment, and is not an absolute ethic system. And there are also enough 'prominent examples' for impure imperative languages. For instance, OpenMP makes parallelizing some loops in C/C++ a walk in the park, and I have parallelized some of my programs by adding only a few pragmas. The 'FP makes concurrency easier' is a often-used selling point, but I think the jury is still out. First of all, many functional languages are impure, and do not have this advantage in the same manner that e.g. Haskell has. Second, purity can be an expensive trade-off due to the copying involved. For lots of things (e.g. fast linear algebra) you'll still want to work in an impure world. I think a better selling point of some functional languages is clarity. For instance, some class of problems can be solved very elegantly in Haskell and ML using algebraic data types, pattern matching, etc. But then again, some other classes of problems can be solved elegantly in Prolog. Well, what's it worth if you are doing (real-world) number crunching, and your program turns out to be one or two orders of magnitude slower? For instance, after implementing some machine learning software in Scala, I ended up rewriting it in C++, because it was so slow (IIRC the Scala version was 50x slower). The only way you can get down to 'a couple of times' slower is by writing Scala as Java with a slightly different syntax. And since the program does many repeated matrix calculations in a loop, parallelizing the C++ version was done in half an hour (mostly testing where lock contention kills the advantage of parallelization). Yes, I do realize that there are more applications of multicore processing than number crunching ;). Did you read this quote near the end? "Shared-memory multiprocessors have never really 'taken off', at least in the general public." The assumptions that held in 2002 seem to be gone these days. There are many 8-16 CPU users these days, especially in OCaml's main public (academia). Rebirth (at least from daily perception, I ultimately believe that consciousness does not cease with death, but 'attaches' to new organisms with perception), and enlightenment (the cessation of clinging to phenomena). Very hard, if not impossible, to prove scientifically, although there has been interesting research into this very topic ( http://tinyurl.com/36avxgq ). But, I have no idea how memories from 'previous lives' would fit into this. Mostly, yes. This particular program evaluates effectiveness of features given an existing log-linear model. So, you can evaluate the effectiveness of features in parallel. For each feature, you can also partition the training data, process the the data in parallel, and apply a reduction step[1]. But 'map' in MapReduce is also a typical data-parallel task. [1] In practice, there is a trade-off: the vectors are usually so large for the average training set, that you do not really want to copy them for memory-efficiency, so the mapping and reduction are interleaved, requiring some locking. Excellent! Though, I have to add that if you like C++ with STL, D2 with the latest Phobos standard library is the way to go. Hopefully, we will see a stable LDC for D2 in the future. Spot on, and a far better critique than Zed Shaws rant, that boils down to 'I dislike the syntax' mostly. Many things are done nicely in C++, and C++ provides far better abstractions than C. However, since new language construct have been stacked on C++ for almost 30 years, the language became huge, as well as the possible interactions between language constructs. The result is that you will rarely find programmers that understand C++ fully. I have seen a lot of awful code that uses C++ as C with classes, badly. Usually, classes and functions have been written with so little understanding of encapsulation that refactoring is painful. And for properly written C++ programs and libraries, it's usually hard to find people to maintain/modify it. On the other hand, it is also hard to find good ML/Haskell/whatever programmers. And lots of people get away with writing ugly Python or Ruby code. There are some very good template-based libraries. I think STL is mostly ok, but also libraries like Eigen are great, and avoid a lot of code duplication through templates. http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page I am not sure, a lot of convenience of modern web frameworks is made possible using introspection and other runtime facilities, which are too minimal in C++. It depends on the task. For e.g. client-side applications, Ruby makes deployment painful, since everyone has their own versions of Ruby with different sets and versions of gems. Added to that, a lot of people are not allowed to install the necessary dependencies on work machines. And then, Windows has no such thing at all. With C++ and Qt on the other hand, it's very easy to write self-contained applications, also with a minimum amount of platform-dependent code. In the standard C++ world, yes. However, if you use a rich class library, such as Qt, there is not all that much difference in difficulty compared to e.g. Java (even down to Java-style iterators). I disagree, especially const-correct methods help avoiding mutation. The primary mistake IMO is that const can be cast away. Invariant should be invariant (like D). Definitely, and keep W. Richard Steven's 'Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment' close by. Exactly. Some data in my field (NLP) is available, however usually at high fees. Coming back to the topic of source code. I think there are three additional reasons source code is often not published: 1. Some scientists (I am trying to avoid making overgeneralizations) are bad programmers. Sometimes just enough hacks are stacked to produce results, but the result is not something to be particularly proud of. 2. Rinse and repeat. It's often possible to get more out of a discovery by applying it to multiple datasets. If the source is published, others could be eating your lunch. 3. There is a contract that avoids publishing source code. My PhD project is financed by the Dutch national science foundation. Fortunately, since software developed in my project adds to existing work under the LGPL (creating derivative works), my work is under the LGPL too. Copyleft can help you if (3) applies. I try to follow the same strategy as the author: make software public on Github once a paper is accepted. It's well deserved. Github made project hosting a pleasant experience. For opensource projects we had Sourceforge and Berlios before, but their approval processes were tedious and seemed random at times. With Github you are set up within a few seconds to share code. Git made forking/cloning easy, Github made forking trivial. Their Jekyll-based Github pages is also great. And there are unknown words (words that are not covered by the lexicon). But the top-poster is right: the linked website does part of speech tagging, not parsing. Providing a wide-coverage parser for the web is still hard. The number of possible parses for long sentences is enormous. Even if a sentence is not ambiguous to us, grammars allow all kinds of ambiguities. There is a web demo for a Dutch system that is developed in our research group[1], but heap size and time limits are used, to exit gracefully if parsing takes too much time/memory (and sentences with more than 20 words are ignored, since you'll really want to do offline parsing). [1] http://www.let.rug.nl/~vannoord/bin/alpino Sure, it is possible, but what does it add? It's not as if a Hidden Markov Model tagger takes that many server resources. Or if you are really worried, you could build a unweighted finite state transducer (Roche, Schabes, 1995) ;). Using my own tagger[1], trained using the Brown corpus: go/VB fuck/VB yourself/PPL It's very much in the amount and kind of training data and features used (assuming that the methodology is sound). [1] http://github.com/langkit/citar True, but you still have to build up a forest from which every parse can be extracted (as Alpino does). Of course, it does reduce the cost of ambiguity. E.g., I implemented packing in the Alpino chart generator, and there are very many edges with the same 'semantics' that can be packed, especially since Alpino allows for a lot of optional punctuation, and there are often roots plus subcategorization frames that give multiple inflections. With a beam search, unpacking is a lot more efficient. There are also many other possible optimizations. E.g. with a left-corner parsers you can exclude left-corner spines that will probably not lead to a probable parse (Van Noord, Learning Efficient Parsing, 2009, and other work). And, of course, reduction of lexical ambiguity by restricting frames using a part of speech tagger. Still, even in this best-1, optimized scenario, real-time parsing of long sentences is still hard. So, when parsing large corpora we usually apply time and space limits (which is easy to do in Sicstus Prolog, with good recovery). Thanks for the link to the paper! Debian/Solaris is where things should be heading IMO. It gives the package management and up-to-date userland of Debian, while bringing most of Solaris' assets. And it seems that Nexenta developers would like to make Debian/Solaris a reality: http://lists.debian.org/debian-derivatives/2010/06/msg00022.... Very promising! He's really a nutcase, and a significant portion of a population seem to be willing to vote for a nutcase. I think this applies to any country. It wouldn't be hard to give a recent US example (at least, from the perspective of a non-US citizen). This group is attracted by populist parties. And research has shown that many Wilders voters favored Rita Verdonk (populist right-wing) and voted SP (fairly extreme left-wing) before. The interesting question is how large this group is. 1/6 of the voters (Wilders has 24 out of 150 seats)? 1/4? 1/3? Maybe (I prefer GNU userland). But it does provide far nicer (or if you will, very different) package management from stock FreeBSD. Indeed. And an additional advantage to the FreeBSD may be that it can raise the profile/popularity of FreeBSD. The same would apply to an official port to the OpenSolaris kernel. Yes, there is debian-installer support now. http://d-i.debian.org/daily-images/kfreebsd-amd64/ http://d-i.debian.org/daily-images/kfreebsd-i386/ I live in one of countries with the highest taxing (The Netherlands). And we are doing fine, really. I know of no one who lost their jobs. Yes, unemployment rate went up a bit, but not that much compared to other countries. In daily live, crisis was barely noticeable. We had a welfare system since the second world war, and it works well for us. I went to the USA many times, the first I was really surprised to see a lot of poor people. Then I realized how good it is to be a Western-European citizen. But the Dutch, French, Scandinavian, and others aren't, and the those systems is very comparable to that of Germany. Many of the ideas originate from far before WWII, and had a strong presence (and development) in Europe since events such as the French revolution. It's America-centrism to think that all welfare and modernism is brought to the world by the USA. One typical anecdote a former exchange student told me, that some high school kids in the USA believed (this was at the end of the nineties) that European countries do not have their own radio channels ;). Go educate yourself, the average Western-European citizen has more luxury, more free time, and better health-care than the average citizen of the United States (I know, I have visited the US often). The primary advantage of the US is that it is far easier to set up a company, and make it really big. If you make it, you will be rich and wealthy. If you fail, you will hit rock bottom. It is a consequence of the system, wages, taxing, etc. For example, HDI (Human Development Index, used by the UN) measures three welfare factors (life expectancy, level of education, standard of living). Nine Western European countries rank higher than the US, six Western European countries are ranked lower (including the far more US-oriented UK). Some Southern European countries (Spain, Italy) are almost at US-level. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Human_Deve... "Would you rather be happier or have less freedoms?" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worldwide_Press_Freedom_Index http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index#2008_rankings The US does better in economic freedom indices, not surprisingly, since there is much more market regulation in the EU: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Index_of_Economic_Freedom_histo... What do you prefer, freedom of speech and democracy, or economic freedom? And speaking of logics, Prolog, and language. This is certainly a classic (SICP for Prolog?): Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis, Fernando C. N. Pereira and Stuart M. Shieber http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/pnla.html http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf That would not really solve the problem. The Sun/Oracle patent grant only extends to JDKs that conform to the specification, and pass all tests in the test suite. That is, if you can license the test suite (see Apache Harmony). http://en.swpat.org/wiki/Java_and_patents#The_Java_Language_... It is implicit. IANAL, but it is supposedly very weak (see e.g. Novell-Microsoft deal). E.g. the European Commission, after analysis, thinks it does not protect forks. For a good explanation, see: http://tech.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=1760290&cid=333... FSF has been urging people to use GPLv3 because it has an explicit patent grant (amongst other reasons). Right, and we know how well this worked... - Wasabi Systems (which contributed back less and less, except for journaling support just before it went down). - BSDi (contributed almost zero, until they merged with FreeBSD Mall). - Apple, contributes non of their differentiating technology back to the BSDs. - Practically any closed-source system used the BSD TCP/IP stack at some point, few contributed back. I loved the BSD license. I still love the Apache 2 License (which is very BSD-like). I was a developer in the NetBSD project. But as much as I dislike(d) the GPL, the license is very well able to make users contribute back. The Linux kernel has a very healthy pool of enterprise contributors. *BSD development is very much driven by free-time contributors and very small consultant firms. And it shows. It is great that such such a small pool of contributors can build great systems. But Linux has outdone BSD in many areas. I know, it sucks, but it is true. Few people want to give competitors a carte blanche to start with your work, and keep improvements to themselves. "a) Apple's kernel is open source: having used GPL would not have made any difference here" Except for a necessary parts to make it useful. From someone close to the source (the last paragraph pretty much wraps it up): http://www.synack.net/~bbraun/writing/oshistory.html "b) The other BSDs have openly stated that Apple contributed back and thanked them for it." Yes, see the huge amount of code that Apple contributed to the NetBSD kernel: http://nxr.netbsd.org/source/search?q=apple&project=/src... "Finally and I think the most important thing, is to ask: had those technologies been GPLed, [...], or simply have refused to use that code?" Yes, who would use (L)GPL code in their systems? $ gcc -v gcc version 4.2.1 (Apple Inc. build 5664) $ make -v GNU Make 3.81 Copyright (C) 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc. [...] This program built for i386-apple-darwin10.0 $ troff -v GNU troff (groff) version 1.19.2 It's true that LLVM and Webkit (based on KHTML, which was LGPL) are exceptions. However, it remains to be seen what they contribute back to LLVM in the future. Probably just those bits that will give them the tools edge. I try to keep the basic premise of Zen close to heart: 'live in the moment'. Not only in the narrow sense of being present in the moment, but also in a wider sense. It's easy to live with sentiments such as: if I work just a bit more, I can have a nice house in fifteen years. Once I can buy a Mac Pro, I will really be productive. The cold fact is that life can end quickly. The present moment is the only thing we have, so treasure it ;). Of course, that's not always easy... You prove my point: both companies, Apple with Darwin/OS X, and Google with Android are not really trying to develop a healthy ecosystem around these systems. But at the very least Google needs to provide the source to GPL'ed software (kernel modifications, etc.). If you have to publish changes anyway, at some point it becomes more attractive to work with upstream, since you cannot differentiate your product via that software. We still have to see if this happens, but there is a long of history of companies that did not contribute much initially, but are now working with kernel.org much more reliably. (E.g. many big-iron vendors.) Nice work! Let me make a tiny plug for a short Sunday project as well... Brainf*ck in Prolog: http://github.com/danieldk/brainfuck-pl/ One nice thing is that unit testing is really simple: http://github.com/danieldk/brainfuck-pl/blob/master/unittest... And for some very trivial outputs, it can generate the program to create that output. ?- brainfuck:interpret([A,B],[],[0],[0],[1,0]). A = Ps. Yes, it's easy to improve generation... It doesn't fail on all occasions. Our research group wrote a robust natural language parsing system written in Prolog (with some C extensions). The (aptly named) unification grammar, lexicon, and most of the productive lexicon are written in a declarative manner. This really paid off when in a new research project, which goal is to write a sentence realizer for the same system. With nearly no modifications we could reuse the grammar, lexicon, and productive lexicon. Both the parser and the sentence realizer use the same grammar and lexicon now. I understand that this may seem somewhat trivial, as it may seem that the lexicon and grammar are plain data. However this is not true: - The grammar is written as a declarative manner, where goals are mostly operators that manipulate attribute-value structures. These rules are later compiled to plain Prolog terms via term expansion (DCG-like) for efficiency. - You don't want to perform some unifications immediately, even when two terms are unified. Most Prolog implementations offer blocked goals, where a goal is blocked until a variable becomes instantiated. However, I am the first to admit that Prolog makes some classes of problems trivial (unification grammars, parsers). There are also many things that you do not want to do in Prolog, because it is a waste of time, or very inefficient. For instance, in our system the following components are implemented in C or C++: * Finite state automata for quick lookup of subcategorization frames. * Part-of-speech tagger for restricting the number of frames for each word before parsing. * N-gram models that are used as a feature in fluency estimation. * Tokenization transducer. * Bit arrays (comparable to Bloom filters) for excluding useless paths in parsing. Conclusion: use the right tool for the job. Unification, structure sharing, and (some) pattern matching are cheap and easy to use in (WAM) Prolog. Most other things are prohibitively expensive and clumsy in Prolog. Or the "Reasoned Schemer". Unfortunately, most such implementations are slow compared to Prolog AMs. Huh? I am using Ping without any problems from the Netherlands, with a Dutch iTunes account. Exactly :). One nice Slashdot comment: "That's gonna be awesome for internet help-desk workers. How about creating a Flickr clone and calling it ifconfig?" (Steauengeglase) "Basically, this article is about optimizing the developer experience rather than the user experience." Did you ever use Bugzilla? Nothing is more detrimental to the user experience... Users would rather send support e-mails or use phone support. For the lack of that in open source project, keep bug trackers simple. E.g. Github's bugtracker is quite ok, it is fine for writing a bugreport and reacting to it. But doesn't have all the bells and whistles that makes it complicated for users. Still, it misses basic things like split windows. (A now ex-TextMate user, back to (Mac)Vim.) There are some great beginner's books out there that barely cover functional constructs (e.g. PragProg's 'Learn to Program'). But I have always felt that such an omission is really a bad mistake. map/fold/filter introduce two very important ideas: - Higher-order functions - Many tasks are just list transformations What makes things more painful is that Java is so omnipresent in CS education. Since Java only contains such concepts implicitly (and require a lot of verbosity), I haven't encountered many (if any) Java books that go into functional concepts. It's like learning UNIX without covering pipes. Sure, you can work with UNIX, inadvertently emulate it using redirections from and to files. But it will never be as effective. Sure, that's why Graham Hutton can do it in one chapter. Most books discuss lists and functions anyway, and from there is not such a big step to give an introduction to lambdas/closures, maps, folds, and filters. It's not as if we are discussing monads (which are also easy to understand, given a good teacher). Transmission follows this approach somewhat, it has Cocoa, Qt, Gtk+, Web, and console frontends. All frontends use a shared 'backend' in the form of libtransmission (in C). http://www.transmissionbt.com/ Well, if Java means Swing, you are extrapolating from a very bad example. For instance, the Qt library looks pretty native on most platforms, and with some platform-specific code (e.g. proper support for application menus for OS X) Qt programs can also feel native. I wrote some small Qt GUI applications (mostly frontends to scientific tools), and most people don't notice it's not native. Also, this depends a bit on your market. Some markets are more sensitive to nativeness than others, for instance, by operating system: OS X > Windows > Linux/UNIX In OS X people are quite used to polished native applications that conform to Apple's HIG, they will also expect it. Windows is somewhere in the middle, there are some widely used applications that do not look native. Linux/UNIX users seem to be completely oblivious to nativeness, since they are used to having a mix of Qt/Gtk+/Tk/Lesstif/whatever applications. Some, they are usually more obscure, e.g.: - D - Haskell - OCaml - Various Scheme/Common Lisp compilers Some of them have Qt bindings (e.g. QtD and QtHaskell). Though it may be harder to hire programmers for any of these languages. Actually, I think I/O is really clear in Haskell. Haskell is a pure functional language, and in that world side-effects are not possible (since a function should always return the same value, given the same input). For this reason functional languages like Haskell introduce monads, which allow you to model imperative languages (with state and order). I/O is performed in one such monad (the IO monad), and programming in the IO monad just looks like imperative programming. The tricky part is that you cannot get pure values out of the IO monad (since it is impure), which may entice programmers to let the IO monad 'leak' intro programs to much, rather than lifting pure functions into the monad. Yes, monads can be hard to get in the beginning, but they never felt like tricking the compiler to me. If your goal is improving your UNIX knowledge: it may help, or it may not. Back in the days when LFS was new, I saw lots of people trying it, but who didn't learn much along the way since they would just literally paste the commands from the LFS book. If you use it like that, it is just a way to waste your time, and leave you with an unmanageable Linux system. What may be more interesting is to try one of the minimalistic BSDs (NetBSD or OpenBSD). You will likely learn far more, e.g. that many GNU-isms that you may have gotten accustomed to are not UNIX-isms. You'll be able to build your own customized NetBSD systems using the excellent build infrastructure. You can play with some of the nice packet filters (ipf/pf). Or spend time fixing pkgsrc ports that fail ;). Most people will see it as C++ with a somewhat nicer syntax. That does not provide a lot of incentive to switch to D. You need more than marginal benefits to cause a huge shift. Additionally, it doesn't help that D is torn. There used to be the Phobos/Tango split, now there is yet another split: D1/D2. The second is definitely a more serious competitor to C++, but there is no up-to-date fully open source compiler available. Digital Mars's D2 compiler has a proprietary backend, gdc (a GCC frontend) is outdated, and ldc (LLVM frontend) does not have usable D2 support. Oh, and if you want a 64-bit D2 compiler, even proprietary, you are out in the woods (yes, work has started). Even the average Scheme compiler is in a more usable state ;). Also note that there are two nice follow-ups: http://docs.yesodweb.com/blog/enumerators-tutorial-part-2/ http://docs.yesodweb.com/blog/enumerators-tutorial-part-3/ And this is exactly one of the main problems of 'free software' as an ideology. It is black & white, as if people who advocate some proprietary software are unethical. Many people in society will agree that programmers should be compensated for their work, and for many types of programs it is nearly impossible to get compensation via support. So, even if you do like free software, it is entirely reasonable to buy proprietary software. Then there is the issue of practicality. I would love to do all my workflows using free software, but for some workflows it is just not possible. E.g. I tried using Digikam, The Gimp, and Scribus a lot. But for me, they just don't match up against Lightroom/Aperture, Photoshop, or InDesign. Am I acting unethical for using tools to get my work done? Nowadays, I use the Apache License when possible, because I have got pretty sick of all the preaching, and claims for moral higher ground. I agree. But I guess it depends on the succes of the OS X app store. If becomes popular quickly, it does not make sense to use a non-exclusive technology, while it could attract a lot of developers otherwise. Though, I think it will require inclusion of MacRuby, or an exception in the OS X App store terms. It's not that likely that they will accept a bundle-wrapped MacRuby given that they also do not accept programs that use deprecated technologies (Java, Rosetta). We are not just talking linking here. Including a Ruby interpreter, and a part of the Ruby library, or a Java virtual machine and class library if you will. I don't think Apple will go for that. Why use Google if one can be lazy and use MacPorts ;)? How about 'donating to non-profits and honest' Gandi.net? They have been my registrar for many years, and I rent a Xen VPS from them. I have always been happy with their service and openness. IMO it would depend on what you do. If well-rounded libraries and a good IDE would make you far more productive than a free or less expensive product, then it is probably worth the admission price. We use a proprietary Prolog interpreter (SICStus), but it comes with very good support and it has some advantages over open source interpreters that matter to us. Plus they provide continuing support/maintenance for their previous major version. Maybe he has no problem with the company that built the application, but the company submitted the application to the App Store knowing that the App Store's conditions would violate the GPL. You cannot force GPL down Apple's throat. It is their application store. If their terms are not compatible with your license, change your license or live with it. By picking the GPL you are excluding some distribution venues. In the meanwhile, the VideoLAN project is still endorsing the iOS application on their website. So, they are sending copyright infringement notices, while at the same time encouraging people to buy it? http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html VLC endorses the iOS application in the App Store (at the time of linking): http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html I know that in an open source project there are individual opinions. But you would think that if something is listed on the website, it is trustable information, provided by the project. If not, what is the project's official source of information? Well, hopefully not as insane as Slashdot, where I end up showing all comments, since filtering completely messes up flow of messages (content-wise). As a computational linguist, I could not really extract any useful information. Sure, it lists the availability of NLP libraries for some languages, something a cursory Google search would turn up. What I would be interested in: - How mature are the libraries? - Are the libraries general enough? Often, a particular component is developed with one task in mind, and requires a lot of hoop jumping to use for other tasks (e.g. in classification). - How does performance compare for actual tasks? Python may be a slow language, but selective use of C or Fortran (e.g. NumPy) make it fast enough for most work. These two books are really recommended: - Speech and Language Processing, Jurafsky and Martin - Foundations of Statistical Natural Language Processing, Chris Manning and Hinrich Schütze Together they provide a very good overview of the field, from tokenization to robust parsing. I cannot really recommend one library. The last two years, I have been working on a parsing/generation system that was developed in our research group (Alpino). We use very little external software (only for maximum entropy model parameter estimation and building finite state automata). We use Prolog, because it is ideal for writing unification grammars and C/C++ for components that Prolog is not well-fit for (part of speech tagger for lexical restriction, finite state automata, term compression, language models, etc.). This system is amongst others used for extracting syntactic structure for question answering (based on e.g. Wikipedia data and newspaper texts). To give one example: for compatibility, it would be tremendously useful if they released specifications for AirPlay. Eg. Rogue Amoeba had to reverse engineer it for their AirFoil product. If you are Richard Jones, thank you for showing the world that functional programming can also be used for systems programming! :) This can only end if peer-reviewed journals require source code (and if possible datasets) to be made available as well. High-impact journals have the weight to enforce such policies. It's true that third parties can apply methods easily to new data. But it is a testimony to the method, and references will help building the reputation of the original inventor. Another concern only addressed in the comments on this blog post is that most scientists do not produce beautiful programs. The reasons are twofold: - Programs are hacked together as quickly as possible to produce results. Scientists are mostly concerned with testing their theories, and not so much in producing software for public consumption. - Most scientists are not great programmers. Consequently, scientists usually do not want to make their source code available. This situation sucks, given that in many countries taxpayers fund science. I bought this book years ago, and the title is misleading. It is not so much a programming, as ESR's personal interpretation of UNIX culture and values. If you like ESR, you will probably love it. If not, it will read like unstructured drivel. Maybe, I am too negative. But if you are a non-UNIX programmer, and have to work on a UNIX project, there are far better books available. (E.g. Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment, by W. Richard Stevens and Stephen Rago) I think Java just doesn't fit with the character of HNers. It is a stale, boring, simple language. As such it is mostly interesting to 9/5 programmers, not for creative people who build the companies of the future. The latter group wants 'creative' languages that do not tell you how to do things, such as LISP, Haskell, and Ruby. Maybe it's an overgeneralization, but I still think it is generally true. We just started out one and a half week ago, joining the Pragmatic Programmer's writing month. We though a 'release early, release often' approach would be best, that's why there are just a few in-progress chapters. We will keep you posted, and thanks for the encouragement! We love it! Or maybe it's a cover-up to bring fun languages to the working programmer. Should be fixed in 10 minutes. Thanks! Without knowing all details, this is probably something you could no with a regular language (such as regular expressions). Since this book is for the 'working programmer' (rather than the 'working scientist'), it seems reasonable to assume that the book will provide techniques that can be used in domain-specific problems. More importantly, though, this has absolutely nothing to do with the 8 hour workday. Unless virtually everyone wants to clock-in at 9 and check-out at 5, makes the commute much less fun ;). To someone living in the Netherlands, feminism seems to be turned on its head here. After much pressure to increase participation, lots of women simply argue for their right to raise kids. So, they usually prefer working part-time and using other time as 'social time'. Now, if only us men demanded the same ;). The 52% rate only applies to the highest bracker of income (above € 54.776). Taxes on other brackets are far lower. The relative high tax rates also buy you good insurance, a government-sanctioned pension, coverage of some costs of studying, etc. Or in other words, taxes are relatively high because it is a welfare state. I don't know, maybe one of the Dutch residents can add on or correct me, but the social relationships in the Netherlands seemed strained. Sorry, but I have to say you are off the mark. I usually find that the Dutch society is generally very open, and nearly any topic is fair game (watch Dutch TV for fun). This goes hand in hand with strong individualism, which means that the Dutch generally do not have tight bonds. To outsiders this may seem cold and maybe snobbish/arrogant. No Github integration, and does not seem to provide much over GitX. At the very least, GitX does have an inline diff viewer when you browse revisions. In Gitbox you have to click a modified file, and then it will launch FileMerge. Too uncomfortable. I would say Haskell is protestantism, since its world is immutable. Outcome depends on some initial state only known to the omniscient and omnipotent* programmer. * Ok, maybe not ;). I think the point of Zen is that Python and Ruby are also truth ;). When he came to the sentence, "One should use one's mind in such a way that it will be free from any attachment, " I at once became thoroughly enlightened, and realized that all things in the universe are the Essence of Mind itself. ~ The Platform Sutra I guess that I used the Dutch categorization ;). I have never read a programming book from start to end, since most of them are either dry or not though-provoking. Three PL books that I liked very much are: - Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis. An enjoyable introduction to Prolog and Natural Language analysis: http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/pnla.html http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf - The Reasoned Schemer. I didn't read the other Schemer books, but liked this one very much. Simple and to the point. - Purely Functional Data Structures, for showing how simple and elegant functional data structures can be. Using Android would put them in direct competition with (very) low-margin Chinese manufacturers. This is what Apple got right: if you have your own operating system and ecosystem nailed down correctly, people do not mind paying larger margins, and you are in a different game. I guess this is what Nokia is aiming for with Meego. But, despite the excellent work of the Qt trolls, it doesn't really seem to get off the ground... It's absurdity. No, it's not. There are always counterexamples, but in your argument you completely ignore margins in the PC and laptop market. The vast majority of laptop and PCs are sold at low margins. Since most manufacturers cannot compete one software, they compete on price. One of the few vendors that makes large margins has its own operating system. Of course, Macs are nice hardware-wise, but most people will switch 'because it is not Windows'. This doesn't mean that every company differentiating on software-succeeds. ignore that the top selling devices are high-end devices like the Droid X, Galaxy S, Desire Z, etc The smartphone market is relatively small and new, as is Android. The race to the bottom has just started. Through most of Apple's history, their niche was remarkably unprofitable. Yes. And it is common knowledge that Apple was notably mismanaged company during the nineties. Explain Apple's popularity, taking OS X and iOS completely out of the equation. Now think why Jobs refuses to set up licensing contracts with other vendors. Those iMacs and iPhones don't look so interesting anymore if you can get a HP computer/phone with OS X/iOS two third of the price, one and a half times the performance. I am pretty sure the majority of the Mac users that I know would've bought HP. Yes, true. 'Race to the bottom' may be a bit too negative. I guess one downside is that it is tough for new players in the market, since selling in large quantities is required. On the other, thanks to competition, Acer Laptops are now available at a little over 300 Euros. The free market made computers accessible to nearly everyone in the Western world (and hopefully everywhere in the future). 16/19, missed Javascript, COBOL, and Groovy. - The article does not add anything new. Using Wikipedia for word sense disambiguation has been a hot topic for some years. [1] - The article title implies that this is somehow a spectacular finding. Doing word sense disambiguation for one word is not that interesting, and there is no comparison with existing methods to show that this is actually a high score. I suspect that it is not that spectacular, since 'Apple' is relatively easy to disambiguate using a few context words. [1] E.g. see: - Using Wikipedia for Automatic Word Sense Disambiguation, R. Mihalcea, 2007, for a discussion of using Wikipedia to train a word sense disambiguator. - Integrating multiple knowledge sources to disambiguate word sense: An exemplar-based approach, H.T. Ng and H.B. Lee, 1996, provide a good overview of types of features that can be used in disambiguation. They use features that go beyond simple 'bag of word' and 'bag of n-gram' features, e.g. by using syntactical patterns. There is a whole lot more research of course, but just to show two examples that describe far more sophisticated approaches. Maybe apart from stemming), it's not hard to implement this in ~100 lines without NLTK.: - In naive Bayes classification, model parameters can usually be estimated using relative frequencies in the training data. - WordPunctTokenizer is a very simple tokenizer that makes anything matching \w+ and [^\w\s]+ a separate token. - Extracting Bigrams from a list of tokens is trivial. Of course, using NLTK will be very helpful in many situations, but this is hardly a testament to NLTK. That's why there are standards, and the Google Bookstore supports two standards (ePub and PDF). You know, there are also people out there with Sony, BeBook, and iRiver readers. Yes, but UI is a typical use case where OOP works well. Everything can neatly be distinguished in classes: buttons, combo boxes, etc. But look at numerical software implemented as OOP. Quite often it is absolutely horrible. I wrote such dreadful and unmaintainable code as well, because it was taught in school that OOP everywhere is the way to go. OOP and inheritance is often mistaken as the path to genericity. Parametric polymorphism with constraints (e.g. typeclasses) is far more useful to that end. OOP is great in some domains, but the 'OOP everywhere' philosophy needs to go. We have already tainted enough generations of students with such beliefs. A monad puts you into a box and only gives you a few interaction points with the outside world. You can do whatever you want in a monad, but you are never allowed to leave the box. This is not true for many commonly used monads, except for the IO monad. You can extract values from the list monad, Maybe monad, state monad, etc. Put simply, a monad specifies how values can be wrapped in a 'box', and how such boxes are combined. For instance, Maybe is a box that can contains either a variable or nothing. In Haskell: data Maybe a = Nothing | Just a The Maybe monad specifies how expressions resulting in a Maybe are combined. Expressions are evaluated until/unless one of the expressions returns 'Nothing', and the value of the monad becomes Nothing. Comparably, the IO monad specifies how IO actions are combined, the State monad combines expressions in such a manner to create 'state', etc. We have tried to illustrate Monads with a Haskell-ish example here: http://www.nlpwp.org/book/chap-words.xhtml#id3390030 Do the actual search, and look at the results: http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=scheme&l= Not so convincing anymore, right? Obviously, 'scheme' is a generic word, giving many vacancies not related to the programming language Scheme. ISO standardization also makes things too static at times. For instance, the hash table omission accident gave us non-standard hash tables for years, until TR1 was finally settled. Boost is nice, but usually only ancient versions are available on clusters (where RHEL 4 or even 3 is still common). The more complete the standard language library, the better. Yes, that is what we do. We include a Boost subset. But that shouldn't be necessary. It's extra maintenance, duplication, and annoying. Then what about the people developing those software products? The article is very clear about this: "I claim that essentially nothing will change for the average programmer with the advent of multicore machines." He does not deny that people writing web and database servers do need to care about multicore CPUs. And I guess it is mostly true, so many daily tasks are I/O bound that the only concurrency most programmers will see are separate GUI/worker threads. Of the tasks where parallelism does help a lot, a substantial subset is embarrassingly parallel. E.g. we parse a lot of large corpora (Wikipedia-size and larger). Parallelization is simply obtained by chunking a corpus, and giving every CPU in the cluster a chunk. Then there are number crunching applications with data dependencies where just a few OpenMP pragmas can easily parallelize programs. Of course, there are remaining hard tasks which require more hand waving. Instruments? DTrace? On underpay: this varies highly by country. I am a PhD candidate in The Netherlands, and am employed by the university for four years (as most PhD candidates here). This gives around modal income, a 13th month of salary, holiday allowance, and about two months of holidays per year. This is a bit less than one would earn going into business immediately, but it buys you a lot of freedom. The education/research split is 0.2/0.8 FTE. There are specific goals with respect to the research project, but other than that there is plenty of time to pursue your interests. Our university tried to implement a scholarship/bursary system, which was not welcomed by potential Dutch PhD candidates. Foreign candidates do not seem to mind as much, since such scholarships are common in other countries. In my opinion, the scholarship system was a bad move, since pursuing a PhD becomes less attractive to the best of students, due to higher wages in the industry. In the end the scholarship system was shot down by the court (they see a PhD as a normal employment), and seems to have vanished for the time being. Conclusion: you get what you pay for. Higher PhD candidate wages equals less PhDs, but more high-quality PhDs. With lower wages or scholarships universities can have more PhD candidates, but you will probably lose out on talent who'd rather go to the industry, and the PhD population has a miserable life (low income, long working hours). I guess it's just not very well known that C has functions which can also be passed as values. Perhaps more interesting and newsworthy in this context are Apple's blocks, which are closures: http://thirdcog.eu/pwcblocks/ That's why it says 'Apple's blocks' and not 'C99 blocks' or 'C1X blocks'. Though, it is part of mainline clang, so it is not restricted to OS X in any way. As far as I am concerned the iPod has become completely superfluous. I am surprised that people still buy them - what for? My mother (honestly). She doesn't use computers (too difficult, no interest) or smartphones (yet another subscription). But with the iPod Touch she can listen to music, call her kids from the other side of the globe with Facetime and the front facing camera, and send e-mails. The last two generations of the iPod Touch brought her from 'never used a computer', well into the 21st century, where she can manage to do stuff online that matter to her. I bet that there are a lot of casual users, who just want an affordable device to play games, write e-mails, and listen to music, without spending $$$s extra on an iPhone, which also requires a relatively expensive subscription to provide value over the iPod Touch. Use this list from Wikipedia, and order by population density: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sovereign_states_and_de... The Netherlands is at the 28th spot, behind countries such as South Korea, Singapore, and Macao. Then compare the densities of e.g. Singapore (7,023 per km^2) and The Netherlands (401 per km^2). Stating the facts makes it all seem far less dramatic, doesn't it? It's great that manual compilation works for Matz. And his great work notwithstanding, it has little to do with the general user. As an occasional Ruby programmer, and frequent Ruby-based utility user, I do not want to compile and install Ruby or Ruby modules myself. If we go down that road, why don't we compile everything from Python to GStreamer ourselves (since they all have modules/plugins/...)? To the general user (as opposed to full-time Ruby programmer), Ruby and Ruby modules are just dependencies to the application they want to use, and installation should be automatic. One can only hope that the Ruby community understands this, and makes it easy for distributors to package their software. I mean, apt-get install will also compile from source, if you have the right repositories enabled. No, it doesn't . It will install binary packages that are signed. That means that if I install a package on my local desktop and a server in New York, it will exactly be the same. No matter if there are differences in the environment or configuration. Besides that I want every system file tracked by one package management system (for ease of administration), and easy security updates. Another important benefit of using binary Debian packages is that you get the testing that preceded progressing of the package into Debian testing for free. Constrast that with a gem that happened to be updated just 30 minutes ago, with no testing in the particular configuration where it is used. We have been burnt badly in the past by out-of-distro 'package management' before (little testing, incompatible versions, failing builds, etc.), that I stopped using non-distribution packages mostly. Unless you are referring to kernel module packages that use DKMS (I guess not) or 'apt-get source' which retrieves the source of a package in conjunction with '--compile'. But that's not a very common use of APT. You won't get the 30 minute old version unless you want to. Frankly, I do not want to care. I want the latest stable version with security fixes. With a busy work schedule, I do not have time to maintain a stable set of Ruby modules. It's a matter of economics: you could let every user find out a stable combination of modules, and everyone will end up doing a lot of duplicate work. Or the distributor could do it, saving 95% of the users who do not have specific needs many hours of work. And as a bonus, we all get the collaborative testing and bug reporting that was done in Debian Unstable and Debian Testing. This approach works well for many interpreters and compilers in Debian (as someone else pointed out, Python is well-integrated in Ubuntu and Debian). If that isn't your bag, I will push back and ask why you're programming on a star-nix platform? I pretty much disagree with your whole point. I mostly program C, C++, and Prolog on *nix, and I rarely have to compile anything except for my own software (obviously). Debian provides nearly all libraries I'd ever use as a package. If other people want to use my software, I can tell them to install dependencies such and such, or even provide a Debian package of my software. I don't want them to need to put the effort in reconstructing my build environment. I disagree. I was part of the three-person team that created Libranet 3 (a commercial Linux distribution) years ago. Every member of the company kept active contact with the community via the forums and mailing list. This created a sense of community, and gave good insights into what our customers expected. Of course, every now and then a troll or disgruntled customer would appear. They can be truly poisonous to you and the community. And the tricky part is distinguishing 'disgruntled, but insightful' people from 'sour, and unproductive' people. If necessary we sometimes had to apply force and ban the user. But if you make an good product, the group of happy and contributing community members is at least two orders of magnitude larger than poisonous people. Of course, it is very well possible that game forums attract a whole different class of people those of a commercial Linux distribution. Except that RAW processing and denoising in LightRoom 3 is so much better than in Aperture 3 for my Panasonic Lumix LX5 and Samsung GX-10. Do a cursory survey of the Aperture discussion boards, and you will see lots of people with RAW support that used to work fine, but broke after a Camera RAW update. Apple is also slow to add support for new cameras. Besides that, Aperture 3 is slow, even on recent machines with 4GB RAM. I own both, and miss the "Places" and "Faces" features from Aperture in LightRoom. But given Aperture's deficiencies, I use LightRoom 95% of the time. I'd pay nothing, and host it on GitHub. In fact I, and many others do. Maybe. But if the HIG is not that important anymore, I think that should also imply that Apple should allow for other UI toolkits in its stores, such as Qt. The average user would not be able to tell the difference between a well-adapting Qt application and a Cocoa application. We have a Qt application for searching treebanks, and when showing it to another Mac user, he replied "nice, you wrote it with Cocoa?". Twitter's (or the App Store's) deviation from the Mac look and feel, on the other hand is very noticeable. And I am not sure it is proven that we are talking about "extending nicely into a different style of UI". The Twitter UI is plainly confusing (where do you drag this window?) and having the backward/forward buttons next to the window controls is questionable at the very least. Somewhat related, and also interesting is the possibility to boot a Linux distribution over the net: http://boot.kernel.org/ Adding gpxe to a GRUB menu as an item may prove to be another great way to boot a rescue system. Note that I didn't try this yet (only booting installation media with b.k.org). True. However, that should be a motivation to make that service more secure. But it does not make the idea flawed. It's very convenient to be able to boot any distribution just like that, without preparing USB sticks or CDs. By the way, thank you for your work on grml! OSKit used to be the nicest way to roll your own UNIX: http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/oskit/ Unfortunately, the project seems to be dead. Following the reasoning of the author, it can be argued that structured programming is syntactic sugar for machine language. It is besides the point, because OO certainly means something to a programmer. Do a 'paradigm-test'. Ask a programmer to implement a program in four paradigms: - Object-oriented - Structured - Functional - Logic programming and he is likely to come up with four different programs. Pass these programs on to another programmer, and ask her to categorize these programs by paradigm. She will probably use the same categorization. Programming paradigms are abstractions that may be somewhat overlapping, but have unique traits, and possibly world-view (everything is an object/operations on structured data/expression/predicate). PowerSet had many key NLP people and a LFG grammar/parser. Can you elaborate what QWiki has to offer, except a nicer user interface for Wikipedia? From personal experience: I didn't make much progress in Haskell until I stopped using Scala. The problem is that Scala allows you to mix and match different paradigms and if you come from a mostly-imperative/OO background, you tend to use Scala as an OO language with some functional constructs. To learn to program purely functional, it's best to jump into Haskell cold-turkey, since you will have to learn to think in FP. Learning Haskell, optimization in a lazy world was the most difficult task. Often, I still have problems predicting how efficient particular code will be. The complexity of monads is somewhat overstated, though it doesn't help that some tutorials make something big and esoteric out of it. It is nothing more than a type class, that specifies how to combine computations that result in some 'boxed value'. Maybe not, but it is certainly used as one. Everything from package managers (yum) to operating system installers (Anaconda) have been written in Python. Besides that, the grandparent is right: possibly every situation where Python was used as a systems programming language, Haskell could fit in (and more). That's just one definition. Read up on Ousterhout's dichotomy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ousterhouts_dichotomy University of Groningen, The Netherlands Right, and this is why my Windows NT 4.0 CD contained x86, Alpha, MIPS and PPC versions. I had never tried anything but Intel, but it was certainly not just in-house. And another metric shows that Perl continues its years-long decline: http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/index.... This is one of the factors why we have replaced Perl in our curriculum with Python. The other being that Python is far more fit for education. That's a caricature of my comment (given the smiley this is probably intentional). The primary motivation was educational fitness, the second consistency within the education program, the third popularity. Of course, not popularity according to the TIOBE index, but to what typical employers require. Of course, in the market C# and Java are more popular, but popularity is just one factor. You must have misread my comment. Popularity (as in what typical future employers require) is one of the factors (besides fitness for education and program consistency), TIOBE is not. The TIOBE reference was to show that there are nearly always metrics that show your point. But I guess it is easy to stomp on people based on presumption. Let's just stick to arguments, rather than poisoning the well. I didn't encounter any problems using nVidia's CUDA toolkit on OS X. If you mean that it is not provided out of the box, true. Unfortunately, at least one installer (Microsoft Office 2008) requires PowerPC emulation. This can be worked around be installing the mpkg using the 'installer' command, but that is obviously not for the regular user. I did and do a fair share of C++ programming, but I disagree that it is fun to program in C++. Nearly everything is tedious in C++. Just to give one example: you can quickly prototype a class in Python or Ruby and rapidly revise it as your insight with respect to the problem improves. In C++ you have to decide for each member whether it should be an ordinary value, reference, pointer, or smart pointer, which methods to make virtual, behavior for the copy constructor and assignment operator, etc. Of course, this is a double-edged sword. Higher-level languages have made choices so that you do not have to tinker with such details. But that also prevents you to decide on such behavior when necessary. C++0x goes a long way in making many aspects of the language more enjoyable, such as type inference, lambda functions, range based loops and defaulted/deleted methods. But once a performant alternative shows up and becomes mainstream (strict Haskell? ;)), I will switch. There are counter-examples. Objective-C is a strict superset of C and a reasonably clean language. To Apple's credit, they are one of the few vendors of consumer-grade routers who made it trivial to set up IPv6 (Airport Extreme/Express), including tunneling. Maybe not for CentOS as a project, but it can be disadvantageous for CentOS as a community. If you are running CentOS, and run into some new bug, you cannot easily back out or cherry-pick patches. A more interesting question is how this affects Oracle. In Unbreakable Linux 5 they replaced Red Hat Enterprise Linux' 2.6.18 kernel by their own custom 2.6.32 build. Since Red Hat is pretty agressive at getting changes merged in mainline, Oracle can profit from their work anyway. IANAL, but the GPL version 2 is incredibly vague about this: The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. One could argue that having a patch set or git repository is the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it, especially considering how upstream provides their sources. But as is often the case with the GPL, it is nearly impossible to understand its implications. Built on open source... an important part of which they invested in (LLVM). One can as well easily install LLVM/clang via MacPorts, or wait until Lion (under the assumption that XCode will still be included on the download media). Getting the proprietary parts for five dollars is certainly not a bad deal. But one has to wonder... why? Is it to cover download costs? Visual Studio Professional (for students/educators): $0.00 I have no problem with the price of Visual Studio, if I'd use Windows. Just setting the record straight with respect to the grandparent post. The bottom line is that many vendors learnt that to make tools available at a low price point for at least some audiences to capture mindshare. At the time, the book seemed like a fresh breath of air, since it focused on solving real 'daily work'-style problems in Haskell. I used to recommend it to friends, but most of them were not so happy. The first few chapters are nice, but after that the examples really become contrived. Instead of giving simple standalone examples to explain a concept, the book starts using examples that tend to linger. People get bored or stuck and stop around chapter 6 to 8. I am hopeful that Learn You a Haskell will serve as a good introduction to Haskell, and will recommend it to anyone interested. RWH is still a fine book; once you understand Haskell, it's still great to go through the examples and exercises. But it is not a good starting point. Language purity for a project is never bad, it makes it easier to contribute to a project. However, this is barely a feature, given that C is weakly typed and common C functions do not use boundary checks . For an operating system that aims to be secure, one would expect a more progressive stance, and heavy (intellectual) investment in a language that makes safety easier. Yes, I know that OpenBSD prefers more secure variants of common functions. Right, just as I said, it is always a good idea to make a project more (language) uniform. But that wasn't my main point. There are good alternatives, depending on the type of document being written. For instance, for technical documentation that does not contain to many equations[1], DocBook is often used. Since DocBook uses XML (or SGML previously), it is easy to transform with XSLT. The DocBook project provides excellent stylesheets for xhtml and xsl-fo output, making it easy to target the web and printed media. It is easy to customize output, by overriding templates in the default stylesheets. Also, DocBook documents can be validated automatically using DTDs or RelaxNG schema. (Yes, XML is full of buzzword bingo :).) [1] Equations can be typeset with MathML, but since most software only supports presentation MathML this is not ideal. Before I forget: yes, hand-editing XML is no fun. I did this for years when writing the 'Slackware Basics' book. It is tedious and annoying, even with the excellent nxml-mode for emacs. For Natural Language Processing for the Working Programmer, we use the XML editor, which really takes the pain out of writing DocBook documentation. It provides WYSIWYG mode that also renders inline or xincluded XML, such as SVG and MathML. I rarely switch back to the non-WYSIWYG mode, unless I want to reorder some elements quickly. asciidoc is nice, but the tag set in DocBook is far broader. Also, DocBook makes it easy to add new elements. But if you need just the basic functionality of DocBook, it is great. Actually, I think this is an asset. DocBook is modular, and consists of DTDs/schemas and stylesheets to translate DocBook content to other XML documents (or plain text). Since TeX is so tightly-coupled to typesetting, it kinda sucks for producing non-typesetted formats. Using TeX to do the final typesetting in a DocBook workflow is quite old-fashioned. For years, I have used the XSL-FO stylesheet to create XSL-FO output. You can pass this to an XSL-FO typesetter, such as Apache FOP or RenderX. This workflow has several advantages: * You can easily tweak output by overriding templates. * Commonly-used FO renderers render SVG and MathML. You can use one vector graphics format to create XHTML, ePub, and PDF/print output. * Each step and output, except for the rendering step is XML and can be validated and transformed easily. Those are usually DRMed copies and/or in worse quality. Besides that, the download codes usually invalidate after a certain amount of time. So, for older (cheaper) BluRays, this is often not an option. That said, people already cracked BluRay DRM and using MakeMKV it is trivial to rip most BluRays to DRM-less MKV. I put most of my movies on the Apple TV 2 (which can take surprisingly high bitrates in high profile): rip with MakeMKV, transcode with Handbrake, and you are done ;). Maybe, but iOS has supported copy/paste for a while now, and iOS is the standard that people expect from a smartphone. True, but iPhone + iOS was a smoother experience in nearly every detail (from the capacitive touchscreen to intuitiveness), that people accepted the lack of copy/paste. From what I have seen of WP7, it is nice, but not nearly the revolutionary step ahead that iOS was compared to Symbian/Windows. Even if one uses a tiny subset of C++, the new standard provides many improvements suited for nearly any subset. For instance: - Expected notation for angle brackets (vector > versus vector >). - Type inference using the 'auto' keyword. - Initializer lists. - Range-based loops. - Strongly-typed enumerations. - Delegation in constructors (constructor-constructor calls). - Incorporation of TR1, which brings stuff like shared_ptr and containers based on hashing (unordered_map/unordered_set). The immediate difference I noticed is that the GNU version contains a lot more comments describing what actually happens. Now, what do you think is more appropriate for educational purposes. Source code with plenty of comments or source code with nearly no comments at all? If you want minimalism, you could study the BusyBox sources as well. E.g. BusyBox coreutils: http://git.busybox.net/busybox/tree/coreutils Most BusyBox utilities leave out more options than FreeBSD equivalents. I sympathize. However, it is very hard to completely avoid their products if you love music or movies. Not if you want to support the artist. Not every artist offers Flac/H.264 audio/video for purchase on his/her website. The large majority doesn't. Not only that, he is also the developer of the gold linker (and binutils maintainer from 1996 to 1999): https://lwn.net/Articles/274859/ I can now confidently recommend a book to Haskell-aspiring friends that is easy to read and incredibly fun at the same time. It will be on my bookshelf next to Land of Lisp. I have been with Gandi for years. They are a bit more expensive than some other other registrars, but offer good service, and donate proceeds to non-profit projects: http://en.gandi.net/supports/ I work for someone else too (a Dutch university). Although I am interested in freelancing or starting my own company in the future, what brought me to Hacker News was the good signal/noise ratio. Both in terms of upvoted items and in insightful comments. The focus on startups may filter for people who are generally interested in new technology and business methods. You have to be able to tolerate some entrepreneurial posts every day ;). Very nice! There is not much information on the website, do they use the regular schedule to calculate the train positions or something more sophisticated (GPS positions broadcasted from the train)? Could someone elaborate why one would use pcc over the also liberally licensed clang/LLVM, except for ancient architectures on which LLVM doesn't run or is too slow? I have been in the US about ten times and I think one of the initial barriers is our that our perception of the US is formed through Hollywood. Some things that did not match my expectations/assumptions: - The average American is much poorer than I expected. Wealth is less evenly divided, than say West-Europe. - Americans are extremely nice and warm. Some Europeans say it is superficial, but I really liked when eating at some place that a stranger would pass by and have a chat. - Apart from the West coast and North-East, Americans are pretty conservative. - Americans have a positive attitude towards life. - Americans are prepared to take risks, where Europeans are for more risk-averse. This (IMO) has a bad effect on the social system, but a positive effect on entrepreneurism. Indeed, but Britain is probably the other extreme. I believe there is only one country that could've produced magnificent material such as Monty Python or Fawlty Towers ;). The standard for computational grammars and parsers in natural language processing is: Prolog and Natural-Language Analysis - Fernando C. N. Pereira and Stuart M. Shieber The PDF is available from the publisher: http://www.mtome.com/Publications/PNLA/prolog-digital.pdf It also serves as a great introduction to Prolog and logics programming. Plus learning a language from another paradigm, e.g. functional or logics programming, can also be insightful to your 'safe areas'[1]: - After learning functional programming I realized how much of my programs do just mapping or folding over data. You start to spot the cases where this is not immediately obvious after some FP practice. - After learning logics programming, I realized how much of my programs do a poor man's version of backtracking. Maybe one of those languages is so much fun that you'll eventually change your 'lifestyle'. E.g. I use Haskell in many cases where I'd previously use Python or C. [1] Of course, it doesn't always come natural. C++ STL does provide maps and folds, but since pre-C++0x doesn't have lambdas, using them requires more effort. I haven't read "The Art of Prolog". But if you want to write correct and fast Prolog, reading "The Craft of Prolog" by Richard O'Keefe is a must. Some people feel that this is being misused by immigrants. When they normally talk about immigrants they talk about arabs, africans etc. And there is some truth to that. If you marry someone not from the EU they will gain access to all social welfare. True. I am from another welfare state dealing with the same problems and discussions (The Netherlands). But it needs to be said that the system was grossly misused by native Dutch as well. Laws have been tightened since the beginning of this century, but some groups continue to be resourceful in exploiting the system. Also interesting is that the anti-immigrant party is most popular in a low-immigrant, economically weak region (Limburg). It's highly paradoxical that people in regions that rely a lot on social welfare accuse others of bankrupting the state (immigrants, The European Union, and state officials are popular targets). Our culture is built on blending other cultures together and changing from generation to generation. The situation is not remotely comparable. Most immigrants to the US were mostly from a Christian (or Jewish/Christian of you prefer) tradition. Only 0.6% of the US population is Muslim (0.3% in 1990). For comparison, The Netherlands has a 6% Muslim population (an much higher is some large cities). I do not want to make a value-judgement of the Islam, but point out that some strains of Islam are highly incompatible with Dutch culture. For instance, more than half of our population is atheist or agnost, gay marriage existed for ten years, abortion and euthanasia are legal, possession/use of soft-drugs is legal, etc. Blending such different cultures is a very slow and hard process. Note: I do not have anything against any religion (including Islam), as long as it does not attempt to revert secularization. Edit: correct misuse of the word 'secularization'. On your first point, that can be said of many religions. But many (most?) people realize that the holy books have been written in different times, and adopt the parts that can be integrated with modern life. You can never be completely reassured there is no ulterior motive, whether that motive stems from religion, corporations, or something else. But I do think (and see that in national politics) that many religious people are able to separate what they think is morally good from what society thinks what is morally good. Just witnessing other cultures for some time will give rise to the realization that your truth is just one truth. I am confident that cultures will eventually blend. It's just harder when the are further apart. A collection of core machine learning and natural language processing modules. I still have a gig for nearly two years, and am using spare time to gear up for my first startup ;). True, it would be nice if there was a non-commercial license. On the other hand, if you want to make a serious income with applications, spending $400 on a good development tool is not a huge investment (in the West). "You’ve come a long way, Tux the Penguin." Penguin? Does anyone still remember the Platypus? ;) http://www.ibiblio.org/pub/Linux/logos/platypus/!INDEX.html Given how often I get synchronization conflicts on regular files with Dropbox, I would be quite wary to use it to put and synchronize repositories there. The problem is (obviously) that Dropbox is really a local synchronized folder, so a Git push will only be reflected on Dropbox if there is an opportunity to sync. So, if you have mobile coworkers, it's easy to mess up things. Given that there are many companies who offer repository hosting for just a few dollars per month (also for teams), I cannot see why one would go this route. As someone else in this thread mentions, I think version management is becoming indispensable for the modern designer, and also feasible given the prevalence of vector graphics. Besides that, there are some great, easy to use git clients (Tower, GitBox, SmartGit). I have non-CS colleagues who adopted git in no-time with SmartGit (for LaTeX documents). Yes, but I think the parent wants to point out that it is popular in humanities as in academics (who are also interested in content). To me the difference seems to be that CS people are more aware of current technical possibilities, and take a "we've been there before" attitude. To humanities people, it's all new and spectacular. And who doesn't want to impress their peers? As someone who works on the border between both fields, I can only hope this soon blows over. It tends to be overused and annoying, though I can see it as beneficial in non-academic fields. It's twofold: 1. (x)diffs of binary files are usually more expensive than text files. For instance, consider a git-tracked bitmap image where you apply a global filter. If you add the revised image, and every pixel was touched, this will usually result in a large diff. So, git will either store the large diff, or the modified file completely. If you, on the other hand use SVG with filter effects, the application of a filter will just add a few lines of text to an SVG file. This gives a small diff, meaning that the object can be stored compactly. 2. In the SVG scenario, you could easily spot the changes between both revisions of the image with a 'git diff' (since both files are plain-text). In the bitmap scenario, you can only spot the differences visually. There is a subset called "pure Prolog", which is restricted to Horn clauses. But regular Prolog (with extralogical features) is not functional, and definitely not pure. For instance, the proof_me predicate in the following program will be true, only once: :- dynamic bla/0. proof_me :- \+ bla, assert(bla). If you have an income of Euro 20,000 per year, paying 40% taxes will have a significant impact on your standard of living. If you have an income of Euro 20,000,000 per year, paying 40% taxes will have no significant impact on your standard of living. For reference, Data.List.sort in GHC: http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.0.2/html/libraries/base-4.... It's still short and sweet ;). Yes. For example, the vector package provides mutable arrays: http://hackage.haskell.org/package/vector-0.7.0.1 Mutability is attained by using the ST monad. The ST monad uses mutable memory, but since it does not allow other interactions with the outside world, its value can be extracted (unlike the IO monad). When you are done with the modification of the vector, it can be frozen to obtain a pure vector. The IO monad can also be used, but not if you want to return a pure value. A good tutorial can be found at: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Numeric_Haskell:_A_Vector... I used mutable vectors in the ST monad in maximum entropy training software, and they are really performant. Indeed. Also, rewriting base library functionality is bad ;): http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/7.0.2/html/libraries/base-4.... Quite a superficial post. The Alan Kay quote is well-known, and it only touches upon mutable vs immutable data. Purity alone does not define functional programming, since there are plenty of counter-examples (Erlang, Lisp, OCaml). The machines that we deal with are mutable as hell (unless we see time as an implicit argument ;)). Most early languages were thin abstractions from machine code, and the world kind of built from there. Unless the list elements can be thunks that can be evaluated when necessary or appropriate. See for instance Control.Parallel.Strategies in Haskell, which provides amongst others 'parMap' (parallel mapping over lists). I think that's a too blanket statement. What do you want to do with the list, a map or a fold? In the former case, what is the cost of the function application? I fondly remember NovaLogic's Comanche series. While it isn't of the 'world building' genre, its voxel engine was very impressive for its time: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comanche_series Also interesting (historically) is 'Rescue on Fractalus'. Not just for its cheesy name, but also due to its reliance on fractals to draw 3D mountain sceneries: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rescue_on_Fractalus ! Edit: videos of both games: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Usj17cxSCKs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbZ-chrOgGg&feature=playe... I was a premium subscriber, but cancelled it for various reasons: - Spotify had downtime every now and then, and it's annoying if you can't listen music during that time (except for tracks kept for offline mode). - The sound quality for premium users is good, but not perfect. I hear the difference between lossless and lossy, or least I imagine that I do ;). - I like to own my music, and use it across iTunes Home Sharing devices. - I encountered artists that are absent. So, for the time being I will buy CDs, and use the free Spotify as a discovery tool. I fully agree that the price points are fine for the casual music listener who doesn't care about the problems listed above. Indeed! Spoiler alert: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8opv5u9nf0 First time (as a kid) was shocking... I have read comp.lang.c++(.moderated) for years, and I have never seen a language where the most experienced programmers have to read up the standard to answer a question. Many points raised in the FQA are valid (although written in an inflammatory manner), the main point being that C++ is full of corner cases, traps, and historical artifacts. IMO C++ is a language that we just have to live with. It's ugly, but there's lots of legacy software written in C++, and the only viable option if you need to optimize a lot while still keeping proper typing. So, does anyone have a photo of the stickers? Since I am in Europe, I still have to wait a few days ;). I tried this, and got multiple versions of the truecrypt volume file, filling up my Dropbox account. Pretty nasty, since I had to merge the changes of each variation back in one volume by hand. This article resembles the recent posts about using git on Dropbox - I wonder if people actually tried this for a longer period, because it just doesn't work, unless you mount the volume only one machine simultaneously and always sync after unmounting (easy to forget after mobile use). I don't care much either way, except that I see some cases where using a 'www' hostname can be advantageous. In television and commercials, it's a useful marker that what being listed refers to a website. To the layman who is not familiar with all TLDs, 'example.nu' may be bogus, while 'www.example.nu' is immediately recognizable as referring to a website. My take: 'www' helps in disambiguation, and sure is nicer than having to prefix all names with ' http:// . Hardware support and applications. The first point does not need much elaboration, but I simply can't live without Lightroom, InDesign, and Illustrator. If I ever switch back to Linux on the desktop, I probably need a Windows VM to run those applications. Also at home, Linux cannot provide the same level of integration as the Mac, iPhone, and Apple TV. I like being able to stream a video on my iPhone to our TV, or use my laptop to stream an album stored on my Mac Mini to our TV. It's funny that you mention Red Hat (and CentOS), since they invest very heavily in attack mitigation and sandboxing through virtual machines: http://www.awe.com/mark/blog/20101130.html And as much as people dislike SELinux, it does help a lot in confining applications. OpenBSD does not provide comparable techniques. I used OpenBSD for some years, and NetBSD for many years. And really, 'kool-aid' is all there's to it. You get miserable hardware support, basic features that other operating systems have for ages (unified buffer cache, journaling filesystems, anyone?) are missing, a packaging system that was nice in 2000, no decent virtualization support, and the security features are fairly arcane (no mandatory access control). Unfortunately, this is all concealed by a veil of elitism (see parent). Expect many replies on how mandatory access control does not improve real security, virtualization is a flawed idea, and soft updates are superior to journaling[1]. All in all, it's more religion than science. [1] NetBSD removed soft updates because it was, well, unmaintainable: http://article.gmane.org/gmane.os.netbsd.announce/399 https://lwn.net/Articles/339337/ Please give me one example how OpenBSD 'demarcates userland and kernel boundaries' more clearly than any other modern Unix? OpenBSD always goes with simple, easy to understand solutions that "just work out of the box" and can be easily configured and maintained. Yes, we hear this every time. But this is the same project that advocated systrace, which provided access control with respect to syscalls. I do not see much of a difference between systrace and a mandatory access control framework, except that the implementation of systrace was flawed, it didn't support file labels, and SELinux has a more sophisticated policy language. The OpenBSD Project has a very narrow view of security, and do little to improve attack mitigation for software that is not in the base system (ports). I encountered tarsnap just a few times, but never took the effort to seriously evaluate it. This commitment to security might just have convinced me. (Or in other words: kudos.)