This same submitter has spammed for this site seven times in the last 60 hours or so. I would classify that as a murder, but I don't think it would be counted as such in this data __ Generally, the number used is homicides with a gun -- that encompasses self-defense, manslaughter, police shootings, etc. For we got rid of things like having slaves be counted as 3/5 of a person of representation __ ... by amending it via formal, open process; not by selectively ignoring it. "I believe we should re-open the NFA registry" There has been essentially zero gun crime committed with legally-owned and possessed NFA weapons. "We haven't had a mass shooting since as far as I can recall" Well, no, but there weren't many before Hobart, either. But do take a look at your other crimes' rates since the confiscations, especially home invasion. And barrels aren't generally restricted, tracked, or serialized. Why the concern only about gun homicide? Does suicide get somehow worse when done with a gun as opposed to stepping in front of an Amtrak train? The obvious market and proving ground for a working "smart gun" is law enforcement (gun always on person when on duty, purchase decisions are by public agencies, etc.) So, when we see a couple of years of deployment of such a technology with major police forces, we can see if they work and are reliable. Track sales more tightly than we currently do for sudafed Ammunition purchase registration was in fact the law of the land from 1968-1986, when it was repealed because it was useless in solving crime. To quote the BATF Director: "The Bureau [of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms] and the Department [of the Treasury] have recognized that the current recordkeeping requirements for ammunition have no substantial law enforcement value." An example of the risks of the era when Texas had no nondiscretionary concealed-carry permit process was the Luby's shooting of 1991 (23 dead): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luby%27s_shooting ... because it could have been stopped: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanna_Hupp I don't believe this thirdhand quote for a second: "“My daddy’s in jail and he said he gets three meals a day. And sometimes my mom can’t make me food and I’m hungry.” I went home and I cried that night. This is a kindergartner. Teachers told him he was going to jail." First of all, Palo Alto is among the best and highest-resourced public school districts around. Secondly, I can't imagine any PAUSD teacher saying such a thing to any student under any circumstances. Beyond, that, Kindergarten is a single-teacher class for a given kid, so for this to be true, other teachers would have had to volunteer this unbelievable criticism to him clear out of the blue. ‘‘It’s extremely difficult to get into the United States as a refugee — the odds of winning the Powerball are probably better" Actually, their odds are over 175,000 TIMES better than winning the Powerball. 'Dr. Ben Carson conflated Syrian refugees with ‘‘rabid dogs.’’' Flat lie. That reference was about (Paris) terrorists and not about refugees from anywhere: http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/20/terro... Are four separate threads for the same story, submitted all at once, really necessary? https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=rhengles What is your source for this? It directly conflicts with Ambrose's book, which is perhaps the best-researched history of the trip. Members of the Corps all had a meat ration of 5 lbs. a day (when available) for everyone, including native guides (none of whom was on the whole trip) and Sacagawea. That's the common spin of the moment. What they aren't saying is why Flint switched its supply: the Detroit system drastically raised its fees to Flint (the switch saved $19 million over the first 8 years alone), and Flint was broke as it is. The city council vote to switch was 7-1, with 6 Democrats voting "yes". http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... Many articles try to imply that the lead came from the new water supplier; in fact, it leached from lead pipes the existing system used as its water mains. Yes, despite all these years of knowing the dangers of lead, neither Flint nor Detroit made any attempt to clear lead from their water delivery systems, and EPA rules allowed testing to be based on long periods of letting taps run to clear as many contaminants as possible first. And switching back to Detroit water doesn't solve the lead problem in the mains, although it may be less acute. Moore's account is partisan and largely fictional. Even Mother Jones has reported that water problems predate the system change; see comments on https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11003287 Previous discussion you can see both sides of the argument discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10961513#up_10963376 Here is reporting on the original decision; note that in the 7-1 vote to change, 6 of the ayes were Democrats: http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... The bottom line is, Detroit government was gouging Flint; Flint arranged a new supplier from Lake Huron (Karegnondi Water Authority), choosing to drop Detroit's usury system once it was complete; Detroit cut them off ENTIRELY instead at the earliest date they could, leaving Flint dry for 3+ years and the Flint River as the only choice. Typical falsehood-ridden (not just spun) WP article on firearms. Errata: 1) "In the 1993 gun battle at the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Tex., for instance, the cultists "fired a .50 caliber semiautomatic rifle at agents attempting to execute a search warrant," according to a GAO report." Well, that's what a 1999 (6 years after the fact) said in passing, but its only attribution is "according to ATF". In fact, no .50 caliber bullets or damage thereof was ever found or entered into evidence. 2) "In 2013, a suspect in a police standoff in Fond du Lac, Wis., fired several .50 caliber rounds during the incident, prompting police to call in a BearCat armored vehicle." Outright fabrication. Not only did the police not claim that the .50 caliber was fired at any officer, but Rogler was not even charged with a gun crime of any kind . 3) "Overall, the gun safety group Violence Policy Center has identified at least 46 instances of .50 caliber guns being used in criminal activity." Outright fabrication. There has been exactly one criminal use of a .50 caliber rifle (Adam Wickizer, 2013) among all of the crimes in that list. That VPC document is so sloppy, they keep referring to "50 caliber" rather than .50 caliber. (50 caliber would be a 4-foot-diameter projectile) parking your car facing the 'wrong' way ... leaves conclusive evidence of two moving violations (driving on the wrong side of the street twice). You could do worse than one parking ticket. If you are looking to establish your brand as relevant, it's a poor choice. It's hard to take Medium seriously as long as they are designed to troll for (and track) reposts by adding fake fragment identifiers to all of their URLs (which they also use to defeat dupe detection). Legitimate venues don't need that kind of evasion. If you've been dumped by MSNBC , can you even claim the title of "journalist" in the first place? "If the facts aren't on your side, argue the law." Thus is the state of Medium today. I was, up to this point, unaware that all sexual harassment in workplaces was of women, by men. How can any intelligent person be so oblivious about being trolled by his own kind? Had the author been alive during the American Revolution, he would have blamed the Boston Tea Party on Native Americans, too. Interesting content, but page does not display on Chrome with adblock. Renders OK on Opera without adblock. BTW, does this mean that (((Jesus))) must be wrapped accordingly, too? Dude. This is the fourth time you alone have posted this in the last 2+ days. One benefit of this is that city streets and sidewalks will be forever protected from being damaged by sunlight. The traditional debate in accounting is " Make , or Buy ?" Theft is cheaper than either. Is this the same "Intelligence Reform" that brought the Shah into the USA, triggering the U.S. Embassy hostage crisis? "And, prior to the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Saturday night , executives were telling investors to expect another big bump — because of the upcoming elections ." Which directly contradicts the clickbait title. "the mass shootings are uniquely american thing" Compare levels of gun violence in two border cities with very similar demographics: El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Chihuahua State. One one side of the border, gun ownership and carry rights are quite strong. On the other, handguns are essentially banned. Which do you think has more violent crime? A commercial for offshoring jobs. Disgusting, even by Medium standards. Here's what happens in another country with strict gun control laws: http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2014/11/mexico-politic... Gun control ends gun violence as surely an (sic) antibiotics end bacterial infections That's utterly false. There's not even a strong correlation between gun bans and reductions in violent crime. (Mexico and other countries to its south are great examples.) In the U.S., the violent gun crime rate went down after the 1994 "Assault Weapons" ban lapsed. Saddest of all, this isn't even labeled as an opinion piece -- they call this "news", not an Op-Ed. This is worsened by a certain individual[1] who insists on reposting the same links multiple times a day. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=dnetesn A collection of "studies" by an anti-gun-rights author, almost all of which use 20-year-old (and up) data. Blogspam of a Wired article. YC won't be deploying the submarines until the last few hitches in the fusion reactor design are worked out, probably by the end of next week. They "fail" to mention that the reason the principals were denied ballots was not that their identity was in question but that their eligibility to vote in the given precinct was not established, because of never registering previously and not proving residency in that precinct . By throwing in a petty, prejudiced comment from the very outset ("a stocky female of South Asian complexion "), focusing on attributes completely unrelated to the case, the author's quotations lose credibility. I'm not at all surprised that they are completely mute on age diversity. In all of those showcase photos spanning all of those companies, is there a single person over the age of 35? For those out there who revile the Koch brothers: The research was funded by the Koch Institute Blogspam ripped from summaries and comments on Amazon... right down to the misspelling of "Spitze" (sic). "Yes. I have two sisters that could lose access to birth control and planned parenthood." By what specific mechanism could a Trump presidency cause them to lose access to birth control or abortion? Have you read Roe v Wade (or even the Constitution, for that matter) at all ? Again, describe the mechanism by which this could happen. "... a new law defunding planned parenthood and/or banning abortion" Not giving Federal taxpayer money to PP doesn't stop them from doing abortions (they officially claim they use no taxpayer funds for abortion anyway), and you can't ban abortion via statute due to Roe v Wade having supremacy. (BTW, PP does a minority of abortions in the USA.) Even if the USSC wanted to replace Roe v Wade, they can't just do that by decree. A relevant case that would give them that nexus would have to navigate itself all the way up the chain from Federal court through the corresponding Court of Appeals (assuming they even hear the case), winning all the way in courts laden with Obama appointees, to even get on the USSC's radar. You didn't understand what you claim to have read. All private media (print, radio, and TV) make a lot from ad buys. At the local level, political consultants and mailhouses (those who print and send those glossy mailers -- the original tree-killing meme) make their living off elections. No, for a variety of reasons. First of all, it wouldn't pass, because Democrats would vote 95% against and Republicans at most 75% for. But even if it DID pass the House, the Senate would just filibuster it. And even if by some miracle one was passed and signed, it would hit an immediate injunction from the Federal court of the abortion-backers' choice, using Roe as a precedent. The concept makes for a good scare tactic to raise contributions and volunteers, but it goes nowhere in the real world. No, they can't . If you have any friends who went to law school, perhaps they could explain it to your satisfaction. Marbury v. Madison laid out these mechanisms over 210 years ago. In other words, you fear that Republicans might pull a trick similar to what Reid did 3 years ago in implementing the " nuclear option "[1]? Did you protest that at the time, or since? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster_in_the_United_State... "Clinton's projected by the NY Times to win the popular vote by 1.2% right now." So much for any of their projections. The actual popular vote difference is 202,340 -- less than 0.17% of votes cast. that favour the removal of Roe v Wade You seem to be totally unfamiliar with the actual case and the justices' opinions. Five of the seven who supported the plaintiff (e.g. to uphold abortion rights) were Republican appointees . "If anyone opposes him, he'll have them fired, blackballed, or tormented until they quit either in disgust or humiliation." You mean like how the CEO of Grubhub is doing an "ideological cleansing" of his company now[0]? [0] 11/10 http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/11/10/boss-tells-pro-trump-em... This is a power of the governor If true (I haven't read the VA constitution), it's totally unprecedented to restore voting rights for everyone in a class with no regard to the facts of individual cases. The partisan motive is obvious. They were off by more than a percentage point . The NYT's vote differential reported Tuesday afternoon was 1.2%; the actual was less than one-seventh of that. She ended up with a 1-2% preference You are off by an order of magnitude there. As of Wednesday afternoon, the actual popular vote difference was less than 0.17% of votes cast . Have you heard of this newfangled thing called a "search engine"? https://duckduckgo.com/?q="We+are+going+to+have+to+rebuild+w... The only answer I have for this happening is blatant sexism. Of course -- it couldn't possibly be because it's yet another short Medium post promoted only by its author. Beck fed lies and hate to incite an angry mob Specific examples? Exactly what book is being reviewed here? "research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm" I take it that you've never read such research yourself; that's a gross misinterpretation (the "said firearm" qualifier is outright false). Our governments make extensive plans to deal with these situations Really? Look how long it's taken multiple layers of government (especially the Federal government) to deal with the Flint water crisis or the Animas river disaster... despite having no disaster-introduced transportation or resource barriers. "7. July 4th is no longer a public holiday. November 2nd will be a new national holiday. It will be called "Indecisive Day."" Did he confuse the 8th (election day 1996) with the 2nd? "Not those of us who've been buying guns, but primarily rifles, of military utility in ever greater numbers, starting in the George W. Bush administration" Actually, gun ownership surged during the early Clinton administration in response to his party's push for gun bans and the "Brady Bill". "...paid leave, higher minimum wage, protecting abortion, stopping Republican voter suppression..." When she was a Senator, she did absolutely nothing on any of those fronts ( or immigration)... even when Democrats controlled the White House and Congress, including a filibuster-proof Senate majority. Technically , she was also Senator for two weeks while Bill was still President in January 2001. The broader point is that she made no efforts in those areas on the legislative front, even when Democrats held the majority in both houses. You made a very specific claim ("research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm"), then when called on it, you threw out a number of quotes (from specifically anti-RKBA sources) unrelated to your claim. That false claim is often quoted from the Kellerman study, but an examination of his data (it took years for him to release it) revealed that in almost all such homicides, it was a gun that the intruder brought with him (predominantly male) and not one the victim owned. ( Kates , 2001) The residents' gun could have been locked up in the basement, and Kellerman counted it anyway. Or, do you have different research in mind that supports that claim? Here is one, very specific study that indirectly confirms exactly this. Interviews of 100 incarcerated felons (with a specific incentive to discourage gun ownership), without any actual data (even anecdotal), confirms nothing. Did you bother to read any of your quoted research before cutting-and-pasting? Yet again, you dodge the question, and yet again, you refer to media articles that quote no actual data . I read each of the "studies" you refer to in the years they were released , and many, many more. I've been studying criminology for 23 years. Repeating the "I'm not anti-gun" mantra whilst referring only to anti-RKBA sources (and misquoting those ) reinforces intellectual dishonesty. And as for "Their chance of being a victim of violent crime such as home invasion or car jacking is unbelievably tiny", you really haven't examined the data. There are dozens of carjackings and home invasions (aka "hot burglary" - entering when residents are present) each month in the Bay Area alone. If you rely only on media reports, they are typically reported only as "burglaries". What is actually "unbelievably tiny" is one's odds of being killed by an "assault weapon", yet phony claims to the contrary drive the media narrative. Drownings excluding those in swimming pools exceed homicide by "assault weapon" in the U.S. what I said was... No, what you said you preceded with "My understanding( is that research shows* that...", acknowledging that you hadn't actually done the research. The raw data speaks for itself Then why won't you present any? Why can't you support this claim you keep repeating? accidental gun injury or death is sadly commonplace Nobody has questioned that. Nationwide, there are about 100 burglary-homicides every year. Repeating: your source is? do you believe that using lethal force to protect property is ok? When an armed party has broken into a home, knowing residents are present , only a fool would assume that only personal property is at risk. There's a fundamental difference in home invasion from, say, breaking into an unoccupied vehicle. cover the 2016 election with agility and creativity Isn't that exactly the problem -- getting a little too creative rather than objectively reporting ? They suffer no consequences at all. For example[0]: "The measure that's sure to evoke the most debate — and which has already done so — is his plan to extend the use of background checks to cover more sales at gun shows. In 2013, after a strong push from the president, the Senate blocked an effort to expand background checks at gun shows." In fact, existing Federal laws for gun shows are exactly the same as for retail stores. What the claim attacks is gun shows themselves, as an event and meeting place ("nurseries of sedition and rebellion," as Charles II referred to coffeehouses). It goes on to seek exactly one legal opinion -- from a prominent gun ownership opponent: "Here's where we are now: A guy who owns a gun store is a dealer and runs a background check. A guy who wants to sell his one rifle to his neighbor isn't a dealer and doesn't have to conduct one." In fact a dealer wouldn't have to do a background check on a rifle anyway, and it's not the individual owner who does a chack anyway when it is necessary (e.g. handgun transfers) -- it's a licensed dealer, accessing the DOJ system. Later: "Gun shows are the embodiment of that loophole. He imitated a carnival barker. "'Minors! People with felony records! Step right up!'" Again, a flat lie decorated with a deliberately inflammatory example -- laws are the same inside or outside of gun shows. [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/01/05/is... "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . It's even worse than you state -- those are just percentage points off, not full percentage off. To restate: Wisconsin last poll 41% for trump, Wisconsin result 49% (~8 percentage points off, or 20% off ) Michigan last poll 42% for trump, Michigan result 48% (~6 percentage points off, or 14% off ) North Carolina last poll 45% for trump, North carolina result 51% (~6 percentage points off, or 13% off ) Florida last poll 45% for trump, Florida result 49% (~4 percentage points off, or 9% off ) "Producing and using the newly discovered oil and gas will also contribute to climate change, ..." In PBS' bias, supply creates demand. In fact, it will have a neutral effect -- it will merely replace imported oil and gas. (If the gas is venting naturally right now, capping and storing it would have a (miniscule) negative impact on "greenhouse gas"). Clickbait blogspam site. Every article seems to be almost a word-for-word copy if its referenced source. All postings from this site are from the same person, like mattermark. "I’m always lighting a fire to push an agenda that inevitably makes things significantly better." It's ironic that this anti-Trump screed co-opts an equivalent of "make America great again." It goes on: "get the Republican Electoral College to block Donald Trump get the Democratic Electoral College to write-in Michael Bloomberg" of course, there is no such thing as either a Republican or Democrat Electoral College; it's a nonpartisan entity. "Trump got elected because Facebook & the FBI messed up" The FBI appointees were all Obama's, and Facebook executives donated far more to Democrat campaigns and PACs than to Republicans. ... and look how well that worked out. Will Yelp ever address the plague of fake accounts? What mechanism do they use to control your eyes, your hand, and your brain, forcing you to read their content in its entirety? And is it the same mechanism that keeps you from clicking "Hide" on such content? If this mechanism could be isolated and productized, we could make a fortune on it! Let's not be disingenuous. There's tons and tons of stories like this. Out of these "tons and tons", surely you can provide us with links to your favorite ten or so examples? "Well, if a white person cites that research as a reason to halt immigration and preserve their racial and cultural homogeneity." You keep inventing stuff. None of the immigration comments referred to race/ethnicity in any way. You do realize that white people immigrate too, right? Typical BANG (Bay Area News Group) spin. What the report[0] actually counts is startups that have at least one foreign-born person listed as a founder... even those who came to the US as children and/or are US citizens. [0] http://nfap.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Immigrants-and-Bi... Postings like these remind me of the final Seinfeld thread about the group filming a crime and ridiculing the victim rather than doing anything to warn or intervene. I was mainly referring to the general case of people setting up cameras to film ice hazard roadways (especially in residential neighborhoods) for "entertainment" and do nothing to prevent or mitigate it. This user was created within a minute of this article being posted. I'm sure it's just coincidence. So this is what they've been working on instead of fixing coverage holes or support. This account was created just minutes after this posting and immediately commented on it. I'm sure it's just coincidence. (paywalled) To be fair, its owner had asked to be seated in the smoking section. It's not adjusted for reduced time spent on actual classroom and prep time or for increased benefits and pensions. "Right-wing governments had no interest in educating the workers or investing in anything other than the landowners' exports." Gee, no bias there. something unprecedented in U.S. history Hardly. For 10 such examples, see: http://thefederalist.com/2016/02/16/10-times-democrats-vowed... Blogspam of / plagiarized from http://zetcode.com/lang/csharp/oopii/ Is there anything on your site (for which only you seem to post) that isn't simply cut-and-pasted from somebody else's work? This is the 22ND Stackexchange article this submitter has shoveled over here in the past 4 days alone. https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=e-sushi TL;DR: "If you are thinking of moving to San Francisco, I think you should do it. If you don’t want to live in San Francisco, then feel free to not move here." Well, that's profound. Hopefully this gets picked up as it is quite an AWESOME app. Unless your having posted about it five separate times in an hour turns people off: https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=richardboegli If you consider citizenship to be "no benefit" (you can still vote, collect Social Security, etc. overseas), you could always renounce your citizenship. You think this says nothing for his credibility overall? His title was Senior Policy Advisor and reported directly to the Assistant Administrator. His wife is Nancy Kete, another former EPA employee and currently a managing director of the Rockefeller Foundation. They spend a lot in grants regarding "climate change"[1]. [1] http://www.insidephilanthropy.com/fundraising-for-climate-ch... We already know why she used her own private email server — to use her Blackberry Her stated reason for the request was that she didn't want to have to carry multiple devices . Apparently, she (and her "expert" staff) couldn't figure out that you can access multiple accounts (and servers) from not only one device but even within one app . This would have been a lot more entertaining had it been even a little less spammy and fawning over ZA's feature set. there are filters currently founded on xenophobia/nationalism/racism/etc. Compare the immigration restrictions of your own country to those of the USA. Aren't they more restrictive than those of the USA? And if so, doesn't that mean your country is more "xenophobic/nationalistic/racist/etc." ? Chattelizing human beings You're equating H-1B applicants to chattel slaves ? Problem 1: you want your forces to train with the same stuff we would use in combat. Problem 2: using bullets that are not solid metal ball in combat violates the Hague Convention. Pump-and-dump? Looking at their web site, I don't see a single mention of any status on any clinical trials... in any country. Very odd for something that claims to ship this year. This may be the worst app ad ever. Are brass knuckles provided? (as of today) Are you stuck in November 2012? A decent dupe filter would give better bang for the buck; dupe and dead submissions are over 40% now anyway. making it illegal to set up any large-scale wind or solar farm... when that electricity is then sold to Wyoming consumers . Export to out-of-state consumers (the vast majority of consumption) is unaffected. China is shutting down coal plants No, they are cutting back on some new plant construction , as that article says. That was only four, only in Beijing, and 22 months ago. The plants in the OP's story are what I referred to. They probably will decommission coal plants over time as more solar capacity comes online, probably east to west. I can't decide between "Advacend sieve filter setup" and "Email attachmens size". (paywalled) Are you paid to do what you are doing right now? This is beyond the pale. Next comes Godwin? This admin, for whatever reasons, is months behind the normal schedual. This admin must really suck to be "months behind" after 5 days. Please describe your process for properly vetting, nominating, debating, and confirming all (or most) ambassadorships in 4+ days, since you see that as "normal practice". Extra credit: name any three administrations that have done so. I would hope that the Secretary of State would have some say in ambassadorships, in which case the process would also be constrained until the SecState nominee is confirmed. The incoming president then says, no, no, please stay on until we have your replacement set up. ... which constitutes a rejection of the resignation. Later, when a replacement is confirmed, what happens if the offer to resign is not repeated? Do ambassadors get normal Civil Service protections? predictions which were based on statistical evidence Polls aren't evidence . In this case, they were barely data . There are polls which are designed to gauge opinion, and there are polls which are designed to steer opinion. evidence-based statistical modeling Given that the model failed, it apparently wasn't evidence-based. But PBS/NPR are "public" only in the sense they are publicly funded. They aren't balanced in any way, nor do they invite public participation. What would you consider to be the "conservative" equivalent of the following?: - To The Contrary - Latino USA - Frontline (political topics) - Democracy Now! - Charlie Rose - Tavis Smiley - John Lewis - Get in the Way Flip a coin 10,000 times, 8200 times it lands on heads. You: "The coin is not imbalanced nor is the process gamed in any way." "Man made climate change, AKA, the extreme levels of change in temperature, atmospheric composition and acidity levels in the oceans we are experiencing right now." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carboniferous Spin's bikes will be parked neatly all across the city Where? Have they arranged appropriate parking places / staging points on private property? Or do they play to just lock bikes to sign poles and streetlamps? Imagine the visual pollution of thousands of brightly-colored bikes strewn around (or, worse yet, taking up capacity in bike racks that then limits their use for individually-owned bikes). Many cities have banned random newsracks on public thoroughfares for exactly this reason (including S.F.). Regarding the WP's headline: "All four, career officers serving in positions appointed by the President, submitted letters of resignation per tradition at the beginning of a new administration. The letters from the White House said that their resignations were accepted and they were thanked for their service. The “entire senior management” team suffering this “mass” obliteration consists of Assistant Secretary of State for Administration Joyce Anne Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Michele Bond, Ambassador Gentry O. Smith of the Office of Foreign Missions, and most notably Undersecretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who tried to drag the FBI into Hillary Clinton’s cover-ups. Also, while most news reports described the four outgoing officials as holding their offices under both Republican and Democrat administrations, to promote the impression they were nonpartisan fixtures of the bureaucracy who just couldn’t handle the arrival of President Trump, that is really only true of Kennedy, and he was only in position for two years before the Obama administration began. Joyce Barr was appointed in 2011, while Michele Bond and Gentry Smith were appointed in 2015. The Hill reports that these four joined “a number of other officials who have departed since President Trump took office last week,” but goes on to cite only two names: Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Gregory Starr, who retired, and Bureau of Overseas Building Operations Lydia Muniz. CNN notes that Starr only came out of retirement in 2012, and planned all along to retire at the end of the Obama administration, even if Hillary Clinton won the 2016 election... The New York Daily News falsely implied Tillerson’s visit to the State Department on Wednesday actually prompted the “walk-outs” that didn’t happen..." http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/01/26/fake-n... "Prosecutors in court Thursday said Cann had biked through a red light when he was hit." This is an Op-Ed piece by Roger Cohen. It's not an article. But Cohen is a Times employee ; an editor , in fact. This is not the work of some random partisan think tank writer merely carried by the Times . These two elements go well beyond the pale of any sense of journalism: 1) "... his cavalier trashing of the alliance and union that ushered the the Continent from its darkest hours..." Um, what ? When has he trashed (cavalierly or not) the USA-Britain alliance of WW2? Has the P.M. stated anything of the kind? 2) Cohen's piling-on of personal insults. He has no place diagnosing anyone with "narcissistic personality disorder", let alone claiming that Trump has a "lust for torture... and carnage ". Who hated whom? Here are some pertinent quotes from Iran's Supreme Leader[0] (repeating "Death to America!" less than 2 years ago) and President[1]: [0] http://www.timesofisrael.com/khamenei-calls-death-to-america... [1] "Saying 'Death to America' is easy. We need to express 'Death to America' with action. Saying it is easy." "The beautiful cry of 'Death to America' unites our nation." (Wikiquote) People are being locked in jails for attempting to enter the US with what were valid visas Name three. TSA officers are allowed to take somebody off a plane in Dubai ? It also strikes me as odd that she never followed up on her own thread (it's now 9 hours later as I write this). What languages do not support the equivalent of #ifdef in the C world, such that you can have variations in actionable code without having permanently separated code branches? ... career DHS staff... including the head of Customs & Border Patrol, were kept entirely out of the loop until the order was signed. Not sure who these "heavy sources" are talking about, given that CBP head Mark Morgan resigned in the first week of Trump's administration. The Washington Post emailed a story ("News Alert Fri., Jan. 27, 2017 7:39 p.m.") that described the travel constraints as an unqualified "... 90-day halt to all entry from seven Muslim-majority countries". That's a flat lie, and it was eventually changed on the website. with exceptions for minority religions. That appears to be totally false. Where do you get that? https://www.dhs.gov/news/2017/01/29/protecting-nation-foreig... the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 In 2008, Democrats controlled both houses of Congress. Note that Intercept claims to have been sitting on this content since "before the election" yet holds it for a massive flood in the first week of the new Administration. Again disproves your claim about "A ban on 7 Muslim-majority countries with exceptions for minority religions". The "ban" is religion-blind. In the future , as refugee claims processing resumes , minorities can be prioritized ; it does not "ban" with religion-specific exclusions altogether... now, or then. 4. Application was subsequently approved in large part on the basis of the donation Source? "Looking at initial drafts of the Affordable Care Act early in its history versus what ultimately passed Congress is a depressing reminder of how willing Democratic partisans are willing to compromise their values in terms of playing ball with an enemy team..." They made no attempt to compromise on the ACA. They didn't need to -- they passed it with zero GOP votes in the House and almost zero in the Senate. They didn't even let Reps or Senators see the bill before the vote! No, at least three were in the USA illegally on 9/11.[0] It's another example of Factcheck.org's unreliability. [0] http://www.fairus.org/issue/identity-and-immigration-status-... I don't think that contradicts the other comment. Sure it does; " were all here on legal visas" is false. That some of them overstayed or didn't meet the terms of their visas Even those that did have legal paperwork all obtained it via fraudulent means by lying on their applications as to purpose of visit; technically speaking, none was here legally. AP is probably the most partisan of the USA wire services. Here's an example: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3c437475b6384b91913d5ffee2b91... Note the partisan wording and contrast that with their past, fawning articles about the Pelosi-run House. "GOP pushes ..." "Republicans jammed ..." "... a warning shot that they might deploy brute political muscle ..." "With a near-toxic vapor of divisiveness between the two parties across Capitol Hill, nasty showdowns broke out..." " Busting through a Democratic boycott..." "...dominated by confrontation, even as lawmakers braced for an even more ferocious battle ..." "... fueled the fire by urging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., to 'go nuclear' ..." (note that AP calls it the " nuclear option " when Republicans even consider it but used no such terminology when Reid actually implemented it in the last term) "...Wednesday's abruptly called Finance Committee meeting..." etc. Today's SF Chronicle used a more severe headline for this article: "GOP Pastes 2 top Cabinet picks..." ("pastes" being American slang for a violent, successfully-landed punch, not adhering two items together) The latter give cover to the former, making the rioting possible and preventing apprehension of the rioters. 06:00 - woke up 06:05 - got out of bed 06:10 - dragged a comb across my head 06:15 - Found my way downstairs 06:20 - drank a cup 06:30 - looking up, I noticed I was late 06:32 - found my coat, and grabbed my hat 06:33 - made the bus in seconds flat ... 16:30 - Found my way upstairs and had a smoke 16:50 - Somebody spoke and I went into a dream would you agree that the way this is being handled shakes confidence for visitors I (for one) would agree that the way this is being reported in the mainstream media can shake confidence for visitors. A lot of people don't realize who wrote that song; the original album credit said just "Christopher". With Buzzfeed, (anecdote * 5) == journalism What a crock. This rule was put in place only one month before the end of the Administration, six weeks after Trump's election. https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=OSM-2010-0018-10632 I could go on an on No doubt, but perhaps next time you'll provide a reference or two? " Impostor " appears to be as difficult to spell on Medium as "discreet" is on Craigslist. (paywalled)... but the "web" links takes you to other reports on the same story. (Flash video; "Read More" link does nothing) Paypal is risky for sellers because you face two levels of fraud vector from fraudulent buyers. Even if you abide by all of Paypal's requirements, if the underlying bank/network does a chargeback, Paypal takes your money ( plus a fee, so you've lost the full value of the item plus your shipping cost plus an additional Paypal fee). For buyers, in cases where they are on the hook because they were defrauded, they have been known to throw up ludicrous barriers to refunds. I had a case where they insisted they had "proof of delivery" of a never-received item... and the tracking data they provided as "proof" showed a destination in another state . "the analysis finds that steeply falling costs for renewables and other clean energy technologies has made traditional electricity fuels — namely coal and oil — less competitive than ever before." Is oil burned as a regional electricity source anywhere in the USA? Even oil production regions tend to have more natural gas than they know what to do with for electrical generation. Despite Scientific American's broad language, the BCSE paper gives no data on transportation fuels , which are not a significant portion of your average American household's energy costs. Had she left the secured area of the airport to go outside or offsite and then re-enter? I can't imagine American DHS agents roaming free in a Canadian airport... especially confronting a Canadian citizen inside Canada. Note that this predates the Trump administration. as to the subject of the pipeline running through native american territory... that's a whole different issue. Especially since the pipeline will not enter Native American territory at any point. Delays in, and cancellations of, nuclear projects for political reasons have had a huge environmental impact, resulting in billions of tons of CO2 release that would not have happened (counting just one pollutant). (Also, premature decommissioning for political reasons, (e.g. Rancho Seco) That was also the basis for the Army Corps of Engineers ordering a more extensive environmental review. No, that was a purely political decision that gave absolutely no indication of specific deficiencies in the original EIR, nor did it spell out any specific requirements for a "new" EIR. tl;dr "I let my weight affect my self-esteem, so I avoid the scale. Ignorance is relative bliss." Bad idea. Weight is a metric for your health. The raw number means little on its own, but it gives you an objective measurement of a key health metric. A lot of my patients can trace their weight getting out of control back to scale avoidance. Ignorance is not bliss. Weight (mass) is just one number, but it's the easiest to measure. Get a good impedance scale for estimating lean mass vs bodyfat, so you know what you gain and lose. An unexplained loss of lean mass can be indicative of several serious (and urgent) medical issues. Measure. Record. Watch for trends. Numbers don't judge. Your scale is not your judge or jury; it's a friend who won't lie to you. Do you see much "creativity and discovery" coming out of present-day homeless shelters and encampments? Title changed to clickbait. Tesla has nothing to do with this TAL episode; the Tesla name is never used. The only connection is that the former NUMMI site now holds Tesla assembly operations. Marxist academics tend to have selective memory. A lot of the failures of the law I put on Republicans. You mean, the Republicans who were not allowed to see the bill at all before having to vote on it? It's hard to fix something you aren't allowed to read , let alone introduce amendments to.[0] [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-05TLiiLU EDIT: added Pelosi quote video link Of course. So, for those states that are better run, people will generally migrate there. Similarly, people who seek greater publicly-funded benefits will migrate to those areas that provide more. Out of all the people that want gun control, none advocate for an amendment to revoke the second. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), for one, is on record as supporting "turn in (all of) your guns", were it politically possibly. (August 2013, and the only reference to Dr. King's own words on the subject is a broken link. No King quotes relevant to UBI are provided.) Your manners need work. The article you quote is from a month before the final version of the bill was even prepared (H.R. 3590), let alone submitted for vote. Bills in progress mean nothing, especially to that Democrat leadership, who often used the gut-and-amend procedure to completely redo legislation on the fly, avoiding rules regarding which committee(s) a bill must traverse. At their last big rally in sacramento last year, 10 people were stabbed, all by the neo-Nazi side. That's not how it was reported. There was no violent contact until "black bloc" rioters armed with clubs rushed the cordon.[0] There were two reported stab wounds that required a trip to hospital. [0] https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jun/26/white-nation... It wasn't just his boyfriend ; it was a male prostitute operating from Frank's own house per the Washington Post[0]. [0] http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinto... The Sacbee article directly contradicts your version, stating half as many stabbing versions and clearly reporting that the "anarchists" (as you put it) initiated the violence. Is their claim factually incorrect? Darn convenient that two different people just happened to create accounts just after you posted this and just happened to land on your submission... and comment on it. BEWARE: clicktrap site that locks up your browser pane/tab. This has been posted at least NINETEEN times in the past 18 hours. (19 still survive, anyway... not counting any flagged down as dupes:) https://hn.algolia.com/?query=Instapaper%20Outage%20Cause%20... Have you read any of the Geneva Conventions, let alone those specifically to which the USA is a signatory? Their rules for the treatment of prisoners are limited to uniformed combatants with specific insignia , not random terrorists or insurgents hiding among civilians. Did you apply your genuine curiosity to reading the rules in detail and formulate why you specifically think the entire rules' contents are important to retain and have no downside? Did you then ask yourself if the need for this rule, as written, is so compelling, why did the Obama Administration only sneak it in the week before Trump was elected ? Speaking of bias: the Daily Beast, Politico, and NPR are defined as centrist . Note that if you try to read this off the original scout.ai site (on Chrome), it clicktraps you from navigating back out , so do it in a tab whose context you don't care about. That alone is enough for me to choose not read the author at all. His partisan rant notwithstanding, the gerrymanders he complains about are Democrat , not Republican, in origin. Democrats have had complete control of the California legislature for two decades running (probably three+ , excluding part of the one 1995-1997 term for just the Assembly). As for New York, its current legislative boundaries' most recent partisan gerrymander was also Democrat, but the existing boundaries were drawn by a panel of Federal judges ... and their product was largely praised by Democrat stakeholders: "The plan is largely the same as that proposed by the magistrate judge, Roanne L. Mann. Judge Mann produced her map with assistance from a redistricting expert at Columbia Law School, Nathaniel Persily. They did not take into account the residences of incumbent lawmakers, and their proposal drew praise from government watchdog groups for its compact, common-sense districts. The lawyers who brought a lawsuit on behalf of a group of civic leaders and urged the federal courts to take over the process praised the judges’ order."[0] [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/20/nyregion/judges-impose-new... Blogspam of http://ns.umich.edu/new/releases/24578-diabetes-in-your-dna-... Clickbait submitter title change. Neither the title of the article nor the Congressmember's page says anything about Civil forfeiture. But it's not illegal for a US citizen to be carrying no form of identification On a commercial flight? Of course it is. This is different from accosting a pedestrian on a street without probable cause. [EDIT: Note what the regulation actually says: "If your identity is confirmed, you will be allowed to enter the screening checkpoint ." (That does NOT, in itself, include boarding a plane .) Continuing: "You may be subject to additional screening. You will not be allowed to fly if your identity cannot be confirmed , you chose to not provide proper identification or you decline to cooperate with the identity verification process." So, had there been passengers for which a knowing exception had been made, the investigators would have known that going in. So, it's wrong to say that "it's illegal" to be on a commercial flight in that case, but for the purpose of this specific search, any such granted variances would have had to be on record, and known to the investigators. 4 mils seed fund with no product or traction? ... or Head of Marketing, or Head of Design (per their Openings) Plagiarized from PNAS: http://www.pnas.org/content/113/39/10824.full.pdf Plagiarized from PNAS: http://www.pnas.org/content/113/46/E7337.full.pdf Plagiarized version of: http://www.archives-pmr.org/article/S0003-9993(16)30906-6/fu... Note the embedded Fake News: the referenced "church shelter" in VA is referred to as a "hypothermia shelter" twice in the linked article... but the overnight low temperature was 51 degrees [0]. [0] http://www.accuweather.com/en/us/alexandria-va/22314/februar... Please describe how someone in the US illegally can survive without committing other crimes (if they can't work legally and they can't obtain welfare legally, how do they support themselves entirely within the law?) The rule in question was just stuck in there one week before Trump was elected, so the Obama administration can't have thought it that necessary. This is sloppy reporting: "In the space of 12 months, the number of gay men in London being diagnosed with HIV had dropped by 40%. Across England it was down by a third." The New Scientist article they link to has it correct -- this is a drop in reported new infections, not a drop in infected persons. It still hasn't been corrected. HN is infamous for posters who claim to be making half a mil easily ... in one conversation, while complaining about having 3 roommates in a two-bedroom apartment in another. This really pisses me off. This rule was published just a week before the election and is yet even to go into effect. If this rule, as written, was important to install, why did the Obama administration wait 7+ years to implement it? Two obvious possibilities: (1) there's no point in meeting foreign policymakers until you're own policy is finalized, and (2) Espinosa is a politician/diplomat with no scientific training or expertise. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia_Espinosa This is natural economics in action due to limited exports of burrito, caused primarily by the spread of Pathogenic Burrito Blight in Central America. They already did, back in 2023. [EDIT}: I meant they will in 2023. Maybe. We can't possibly tell, of course.