What do you think a formal language is if not mathematical? Researchers invent little languages to distill the problem to its simplest components so its solvable, and then they generalize to other domains, if possible. That's how math is done. Completely disagreed. There is a lot of language creation , but little language innovation . Ruby, Python, Perl, Lua, JavaScript are essentially all the same language. Java and C# are the same, and very similar to the scripting languages just adding static typing. C++ is similar to the previous 2, just removing memory safety. What was so innovative about any of these languages? They are the same old imperative OO paradigm that first appeared in Simula and Ada back in the 80s. Examples of languages that are innovative are Mozart/Oz, Haskell, Alice ML, Coq, Agda and Mercury. These completely redefine what it means to program, and all of them were created in the last 15-20 years. And if you think there haven't been great strides in each of these domains, then you're simply not familiar with them. > How's that stateless, then? The protocol is stateless, not necessarily the application and/or session. The state is serialized to/from the client as needed. > If it's really stateless, that replay can't _do_ anything. A stateless pipeline may front a stateful backend. An application commit point may be reached which should invalidate all possible previously valid requests. It's definitely a necessity. > You really have to wake up, guys. Wake Up. It's not you, who are spending your lives looking over your shoulders. It really isn't. So. Whilst I do not agree it was the best of actions, I wholly defend the right of anyone to take it. And will therefore stand by them if they do. I just want to highlight that you're supporting an exaggerated public shaming for people who were just exchanging words in a semi-private conversation. Not even particularly offensive words at that. Words that are and were clearly misconstrued. And you defend this behaviour because many women suffer sexual abuse? Tell me, should preachers be forbidden from speaking in public because some people were caned by priests as children too? Should visible minorities be cautious around everyone because some people have been mugged by black men? Joking around is immature, particularly sexist and racist humour, but it's not irresponsible. Suggesting that public witch-hunts are the way to solve these problems is just plain irresponsible. > If you're implying that "easier to reason about" for a compiler is equivalent to "easier to reason about" for humans, I think that's a fallacy. It's easier to reason about for the developers who are writing the compiler transforms, ie. humans. Well, as but one example, computer crimes are more harshly punished than in the past, and sometimes get harsher sentences than causing bodily harm. EFF's link to its previous story is broken. > (what serious attempts have been made to shut down Wikileaks)? Shutting down payments was a serious attempt [1] [1] http://rt.com/news/wikileaks-lieberman-king-mastercard-visa-... > Governments have a legitimate need for secrecy in some situations. If FBI investigations of white collar crimes were posted on a public website, for example, there would be a dramatic rise in both flights and wire transfers to Belize. I think this argument is based on a strawman. The 'secrecy' most people assume and that the government wants is 'keeping secrets indefinitely at their sole discretion'. The 'secrecy' needed by your or any other scenario is merely a time-limited secret, ie. that all information must be released publicly once investigations are completed. The former is intrinsically harmful, the latter shouldn't harm anyone. DDoS hardly cause damage, just loss of revenue, yet they carry very stiff penalties. > I could be in the minority, but to me, our society has become very desensitized by sharing with Facebook leading the charge. There's a difference between people voluntarily sharing information with a third-party, and having that information forcibly gathered without your knowledge. There has to be a line. > String is very much in the "leave data alone" mindset, baring its guts as a [Char]. Now you're stuck: you can't change its representation, you can't easily introduce Unicode, etc. You're conflating the fact that Haskell had poor modularity when it was first conceived and String first defined, with the claim that only OO can provide the necessary modularity. Clearly ML modules provide and always provided the necessary modularity to abstract over string representations, but there's no OO in most MLs. And now with support for ML modules as first class values, we don't need objects for modularity at any level of programming. > The big advantage of OO is that it acts as a distillation of how humans think. We're accustomed to thinking in terms of 'things that do stuff'. Let's not confuse "how humans think" with "how humans ought to think to self problems effectively". There is little evidence that OO is any better than other principled approaches to programming. > Yeah i just see Go as an alternative for web technologies I don't see any web technology Go could replace. Not even dynamically typed langauges. > The era of unrootable devices, unbreakable DRM, and inescapable walled gardens? No such thing. There is no protection once someone has physical access to the hardware. > Haskell is a garbage collected, lazy, pure language which makes it unsuitable for many of the domains C-style languages are used in. Don't be so sure! [1] You could simply use Haskell as a metalanguage to generate a C program that does what you need, just like they did with copilot. No Haskell runtime needed. [1] https://github.com/leepike/copilot-discussion I think you mean GHC's type system, since Rust is arguably quite close to Haskell 98 in spirit, ie. algebraic types, lambdas, pattern matching, traits = single parameter type classes. These days you're better off with Minix 3. It's documented much better, with a book to boot, it's a much better microkernel than Mach, and it has a lot of activity around it. > The end goal of having a .Net project be compile-able on Windows, Linux and Mac is going to be awesome. Except msbuild can't easily support builds across different version of .NET on the same platform. I hate digging into its needlessly archaic build files. > The single people strongly resented that because they felt they were being forced to work harder for the same pay since they made different life choices. That's funny, because your life choices always determine how hard you have to work for the same pay in every other context, so why not this one? For instance, try making the same income after committing some crimes. "Computer" is a very general term. Most computers people use on an everyday basis aren't running Windows. For instance, all of your tablets and phones are Android or iOS. Windows phones are virtually non-existent, and Windows tablets are more common, particularly for businesses, but not as common as the corresponding consumer tablets. So PG was right in a strict sense, but not if you narrowly take "computer" to mean "desktop" or "laptop". > I often wonder if the whole idea of "typing" is the wrong decision in language design, if we shouldn't come up with something better. Not sure what you mean by "better". A "type" is a proposition about the program. You can't get more general than that. Any static checking system will have an interpretation in terms of types, so it's hard to see what could possibly be better than a type system. There are just different type systems with different properties. > at least some of which--specifically information concerning intelligence operations the NSA conducted against Huawei-- we know for a fact he shared with them. Where is the evidence of this alleged fact? > He claims (with no way to verify) that he did not give them any classified information. Innocent until proven guilty. > If he had stayed in the United States, he would have had a trial. Very debatable. > Also, including time without instructions is almost pointless in the real world as Ikea ships instructions. Not pointless, they were testing consistency with past results on differences in gender-based spatial reasoning. > Filesystems have evolved. ZFS has been available for ten years. Perhaps you should examine the section discussing the various problems with file systems. ZFS is hardly immune from these problems. > UNIX didn't need to be full of obscure commands that are impossible to guess. Why should commands should be easy to guess? That seems like a bizarre property to expect of a command language. UNIX provides exploration and discovery via man and apropos commands. > The point of Haskell is more obscure. That's a ridiculous assertion. The point of Haskell is to be rigourous. If that makes it obscure, it's only because the problems it's solving are also obscure and poorly understood. > So, just start with a BASIC then modify by how people solve the problem. The problem with this approach is that it only scales to small problems, and provides no guidance beyond trial and error for scaling to more complicated problems. Solving complicated problems requires different kinds of abstractions, and optimizing how people use existing constructs is simply finding local maxima, not finding a global maxima. > Im not sure how much more they're going to come up with that's substantially different. Most of what's out there condenses into a small number of categories. I don't know, there's quite a bit that's new or not yet full developed. We have languages for probablistic programming now, and programming with compositional effects. I think logic programming probably has an important place too, but it hasn't yet been found. > Forgot to ask, naasking from Lambda the Ultimate? If so, then welcome to HN! :) Indeed I am. I only peruse HN from time to time. I spend enough time on LtU and reddit as it is! > FOSS [...] was really just a parasitic element on software development. That's a weird claim. It's not like FOSS is taking tax money or forcing people to pay for something they don't use. How else could it possibly be parasitic? > I think statically typed languages go too far in the other direction. Tyr type and API definitions are too strict leading in a ton of unnecessary effort (ie boilerplate), increased surface area for potential bugs, and overly restrictive limits that require 'creative' workarounds to effectively write code. Given this description of statically typed languages, I'm guessing you haven't tried OCaml or Haskell. > The "algorithm dance" only demonstrates that you can memorize an algorithm and how to use it to an academic degree. That's it. I've never seen it differentiate between developers to any useful degree and found that it only helps those who are more "fresh" with the specific algorithm knowledge you happen to ask about. Indeed. When I've interviewed junior candidates, I gave them a function with some inputs and asked them to produce the outputs. At least this requires them to exhibits some degree of analytical reasoning on something you've never before seen. You'd be surprised how many candidates can't even do that. The code looks nice and straightforward, and kudos on actually producing a typed language. IMO, there's too little of that these days. Too bad you didn't get around to implementing context threading, because I would have liked to see a clean and portable implementation, particularly if you had also planned to support TCO. Is the design you had planned documented anywhere? Interesting language, and looks fairly concise to write. I imagine shoehorning all numbers into doubles makes for slower integer code. Also a shame you included pervasive null. Wren looks straightforward enough that you could have a static type system without losing any expressiveness. Have you considered that? > Maybe, though in a bytecode-compiled, dynamically typed language, my hunch is that using doubles for everything is actually faster. If I had separate integer and float types, all of the arithmetic operators would have do runtime type tests to handle the different combinations and conversions. Perhaps. I suppose this dovetails with my preference for static types with optional dynamic behaviour, and not the contrary default which seems to be your position. > I'm interested in trying to layer an optional type system on top of it, and I tried to design most of the language and core library such that it's amenable to that. Cool. I think Wren is simple enough that basic type inference should be straightforward and complete, and anything more difficult just infers a top/'dynamic' type. A trivially correct type inference algorithm then just infers type 'dynamic' everywhere, which recovers Wren's current semantics. Then you incrementally add more specific rules where you can, ie. simple data flow from constants will generate more efficient string, floating point and integer code. That would be enough for a decent speedup on most programs. If you want to type check arbitrary objects (or at least avoid method-not-understood), you can use something like "Type Inference for First-Class Messages with Match-Functions" [1] or the even more general first-class labels [2]. I believe first-class labels are more general than Wren's semantics. [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4808 [2] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/174 klib [1] is another good one I recently came across. In fact, I'll just leave this great curated list of free software libraries right here: https://notabug.org/koz.ross/awesome-c [1] https://github.com/attractivechaos/klib > or sudden situation that it cannot contend with. The idea that humans are any better at handling situations they've not previously encountered is dubious. > Does anyone have some better ideas? gcc's C extensions have some good ideas [1], particularly: 1. typeof(e) operator: great for use in macros 2. labels as values: used in just about every language interpeter 3. statement expressions: great for use in macros 4. fixed point types: who wants to hack their own fixed precision arithmetic? 5. vector extensions 6. arithmetic functions with overflow checking I think all of the above would make good additions to the C standard. [1] https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/C-Extensions.html > one is expected to live up to and follow the rules and laws dictated for that position. One is also expected to do a certain job, and if the security regulations are impeding your job, then which do you really think will take precedent? Yeah, after reading that I was really wondering about the use case for those extensions at the time they were added. I honestly can't think of any now. L4Linux proved that this can be done quite effectively, and at the time, it performed better than hypervisors like Xen that were growing in popularity. What GNU Hurd is trying to do is decompose the monolithic UNIX kernel host into smaller services, and that's where the complexity comes in. > From the demo program it looks like a function with two int arguments returning an int, but why the -> signs? This is standard syntax in functional languages. A->B is a function from A to B. A->B->C is a function from A that returns a function B->C. This is the standard curried function application, like used in OCaml, and it enables you to easily partially apply and compose functions. addCandidate's type is indeed Int->Int->Int, it's simply not declared that way. In OCaml, the following two syntaxes are equivalent: let addCandidate = fun A:Int B:Int -> ...body... let addCandidate A:Int B:Int = ...body... I imagine this language is similar. > Another thing you might miss is if somebody does a similar or the same experiment and comes to a negative result, reading that might save you a few days or months of unnecessary work. Given how low the reproduction rate in science is, I'm not sure that time would be wasted. > and if his way of life is incentivized while the producers' is disincentivized by this redistribution The idea that producers are only incentivized monetarily is false. Abstracting the storage/object model of a program as in Cap'N Proto is the new advance, though Cap'N Proto's security model isn't fully innovative -- it's based on object capabilities which have been around since the 70s and this particular model since the 90s in the E programming language. The isolation properties of capabilities have been well understood for quite some time. Sandstorm just took this well understood security model and the innovative storage abstraction and applied it to any language with Cap'N Proto bindings. Pretty cool. The reason most people aren't doing it is beacuse most people don't really understand capability security, despite its simplicity. They've been raised and trained in the access control list model and it's deeply ingrained at this point. Pay damages because someone else uploaded something by accident and you can't fix it? It doesn't work like that. Case-insensitivity I get, but deleting underscores? Yikes. I don't like Nim for other reasons, but that's a huge one. > The facts that Rust is quite young, has no shipping hero project as a case study Their Cargo package manager is written in Rust, and everyone seems to like it. I don't see the advantage in supporting all styles. What you describe sounds like a pretty trivial benefit compared to breaking all of your ordinary text manipulation tools and violating the principle of least surprise. > This is a straw man argument. The reason so many people are criticizing left-pad et al is about the cost of adding a dependency. The cost of a dependency for a good package manager is zero, and the cost of not having that dependency is non-zero. So the problem is with NPM, not with adding a dependency. > I don't understand why this community has to have a weekly cycle of bashing different programming communities. It's funny if done in good taste. You should be able to take a joke with good humour, even if it's at your own expense, and this is a pretty good joke. I said a good package manager. The fact that the npm package database is fully mutable is a huge problem. I never said perfect, I said good. Some basic properties are that upstream changes don't break downstream dependents if you've protected against automatic version updates. Except a good package manager will let you specify exactly which version you wish to depend upon, so any changes you make upstream will have no effect on people who protect themselves against automatic version updates. Seriously, the properties of good package management should be obvious by now. Any design that can break dependents and there's nothing they can do to protect themselves is broken. Exactly. A notification that new updates are available would be nice, but I don't think automatic updates should be the default, even if "semantic versioning" says the update should be backwards compatible. > If you do have a bad package manager, there is a cost of adding a dependency, and you should consider it. That's what pdkl95's point was. That's great, and my point was that with a good package manager, that cost is effectively zero. > And the dependency cost I talk about is universal -- any package manager that allows for easy package updates is open to critical packages being broken. Automatic updates are a terrible idea, even if the developer purports to use "semantic versioning" and the update is supposed to be backwards compatible. Specifying a version should be mandatory. Your package manager could easily notify you that updates are available, but it should never update for you. That's as "easy" as updates should get, because anything else inevitably introduces silent breaking changes. That's a good point that's not often considered. That sounds like it should be part of a package manager too, because all you need is a license compatibility matrix. This not true. CPUs have instruction parallelism, even on a single CPU, but there is no observable concurrency. SIMD is data-level parallelism, not concurrency. Here's one data point: * Automatic Generation of Peephole Superoptimizers: http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/2800 > - Runtime information. The runtime needs accurate maps of stack frames for both GC and stack copying, something that is not available from standard backends today. DannyBee addressed most of these points, however I just wanted to note that even if LLVM didn't provide stack maps, it's easy to recover stack information using lazy pointer stacks [1] [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.158.... And microkernels had user-level file systems since the 1980s. By your logic, you must have been using those for quite some time. Expertise in computer science probably isn't intrinsically more difficult than any other field, like medicine which now has more women than men. I doubt they have experience in software engineering either, which takes a principle approach to structuring software to reduce bugs and improve maintainability. The only truly terrible part of JavaScript is all the implicit coercions around equality checking. It would actually be a decent language if it reported type errors instead. There are a few other smaller issues that are nuisances, like not being able to actually check if a value is a number, but I think coercions cause the most headaches for discoverability and debugging. It would stop working if you did it NOW. That's irrelevant to the point that that's how JS should have worked from the beginning. Also, they can add these semantics to JS now too with a new type of strict mode without breaking anything. As for how painful it would be, your claim is a total fabrication. Other dynamically typed languages are a pleasure to program in without implicit coercions everywhere. JS is widely considered a pain. Coincidence it is not. > It's a little surprising that 1 + '1' is '11', until you spend a little time and learn the rules instead of fighting them - then you start doing your work in a way that uses that to save time. You are omcpletely underestimating the complexity of JS's implicit coercions. If you haven't already seen it, watch the Wat talk [1]. Finally, the fact that you need the console to even understand the meaning of a code fragment is a perfect example of language failure. [1] https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat > Expecting to be able to look at a code sample in isolation and know what it does is unrealistic for any large-scale system. I don't know why you'd think that. In a typed language, you simply look at the types and you know exactly the intended meaning of a code fragment ie. what inputs are needed, what outputs are produced, etc. That's not remotely the case for JavaScript due to its implicit conversions. > I'm with you except for wanting type errors. Duck typing for methods and such is fine if that's what you're into, but if you're checking for equality, you want type errors, period. Only like equals like. Doesn't matter if your language is statically typed or dynamically typed, equality means something very specific and it's very surprising when those expectations are violated. > Using a UUID instead of a sequentially rolling integer ID isn't solving your problem, you're just doing security through obscurity. A common sentiment, but not true if your id is cryptographically random. It amounts to capability security which is the right approach to security if used comprehensively. > At the same time, one of the motivating reasons for creating the Constitution as a whole was to create a powerful executive with broad authority to react to military threats, both external and internal. Why is it more faithful to the Constitution to give more weight to the 4th amendment and less weight to the President's broad powers as to national security? The justification for warrantless dragnet surveillance is to stop terrorists. The damage terrorists cause is literally negligeable when judged by your argument. If the Constitution was designed to react to military threats, terrorism is not a threat. You're more likely to die slipping in the shower than get killed by a terrorist, which is not the case when at war with another nation. And this doesn't even touch on whether dragnet surveillance is actually effective (which it can't be, even in principle). As such, the justification for dragnet surveillance is so thin it's comical. Intention is irrelevant to the argument I presented. The example I presented merely illustrates the level of risk, which is ridiculously low, and certainly doesn't justify military involvement. > Besides that, it's almost certainly the case that terrorism has resulted in more deaths than has warrantless dragnet surveillance of cross-border traffic. I don't see how that's relevant one whit. We don't control terrorist actions, we do control our own government's actions, and the latter's actions are restricted by the constitution. > There's abundant evidence that there are vast differences in the productivity of different programmers in the same company. That seems true for every type of job. That's only true if efficiency is your only metric, but that's not meanginful for all jobs. Certainly there will be an order of magnitude difference in effectiveness of some security guards over others. > But when you get drugs from the drug cartel, the harm that goes into the production makes it wrong to use. That doesn't really follow. Nazi medical experiments were wholely unethical, but it would be completely unethical not use whatever knowledge they gained to save other people's lives. Perhaps what you meant to say is that it would be wrong to pay for the drugs so the cartels actually benefit from their unethical behaviour. I agree with that, but that doesn't make the drugs unethical to use . Absolutely not unethical. The damage is already done, and you're just doing more damage by not using it. It's irrational. There's sufficient disincentive to conducting more unethical research by the simple fact that you'll go to jail. This wasn't a consideration in Nazi Germany. Whitelists and blacklists are useless security theatre. Any non-blacklisted IP could proxy to a blacklisted IP, and whitelisting just means you have to jump through hoops just to get your work done, which users will always do. Looks cool. Will it support targeting Windows from Linux and vice versa? > I don't think having children is a natural right which society has the obligation to subsidize. Many of the social benefits a working Western society wants depends upon a growing population, like social security. The sentences following your quote provide plenty of links to back that up. > I'm sure we can all agree that the current state of shells needs some work, but I don't think inventing a new one is the right solution. Disagree. A shell is a domain-specific programming language, and all the existing such languages are terrible. We'd be better off with a properly designed language, like a shell language based on OCaml: Caml-shcaml [1]. [1] http://users.eecs.northwestern.edu/~jesse/pubs/caml-shcaml/ > I'm from an Eastern Europe and my family never was rich, I had to put in a tremendous effort to even get into the industry. "White privilege" is simply the (mostly reasonable) claim that your journey probably would have been even tougher if you were a black person from your exact same background. > Right, but the point of the article is that they were doing it to the wrong person. That doesn't mean it does not work. Causation does not imply correlation. I think this case make it obvious that it's impossible to tell if the person you're torturing has the information you're looking for and is withholding it, or simply doesn't have the information. That's a textbook definition of "ineffective". > A word loaded to mean 'undeserved advantage'. "Undeserving" is not part of any definition of privilege I've ever seen, not even the dictionary definition. I think that's just your personal bias against a meaning that isn't the same that others are intending. Like I said, whether they were deserving of those benefits does not feature in any of of those definitions. "We got more information out of a German general with a game of chess or Ping-Pong than they do today, with their torture," said Kolm, 90, an MIT physicist who had been assigned to play chess in Germany with Hitler's deputy, Rudolf Hess [1]. Also: Why Torture Doesn't Work: The Neuroscience of Interrogation [2] [1] http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Why-Torture-Doesnt-Work-Interrogation/... Roslyn is cool, but there doesn't seem to be a standard way to tell Visual Studio to use a custom/roslyn C# compiler rather than the framework one. That kind of limits its usefulness. > Maybe they've changed, although I doubt it. I'm just saying - be careful. Corporations aren't people where past behaviour predicts future behaviour. If MS's original executives are all gone, the fact that MS is behaving differently isn't surprising at all. > I just figure, everything is coming in as a string no matter what. It's going back out as a string. And everything in memory is a sequence of bytes. I don't see the relevance of this line of reasoning. I guarantee that whatever experience you've had with statically typed languages on the web, it's not a good language. Interfacing with dynamic systems is simply a matter of good abstractions, which many languages simply lack. Take a look at F#'s type providers to see where you can go with this. > You basically get SML. SML is still more usable than the statically type languages in use the most today (C++ and Java). > My thesis was related to synchronous programming languages and articles about FRP tend to have too little to say about them, for my taste. What would you expect them to say exactly? Synchronous languages are first-order reactive programming, but FRP is about higher-order reactive programming. > So I'm mostly trading time spend debugging subtle state errors with fixing compile type errors. It feels not as productive, since I'm usually looking at errors. Strange, because debugging subtle state errors seems far more time consuming to me than fixing compile-time errors. You have to launch debugging sessions or insert logging commands and step through reams of code, where compile-time errors tell you exactly where the problems are. > it can't be explained by hidden correlated information about both objects. Yes it can, as long as that information is non-local. That's where the EPR "paradox" comes in, because Einstein believed non-locality was impossible due to relativity. Unfortunately, no OO languages save Scala implement the higher kinded types needed to truly exploit object algebras. That's true, but I believe less relevant than most would think. Most of the "dynamic dispatching" people talk about could be similarly monomoprhized. The only real dynamic dispatch occurring in most programs is due to dynamic code loading (separate compilation from your post). > I don't know what you mean by "fully exploit", If the return type of one of your overloads is itself a generic type, you can't represent that in the type of the method. Consider the IntBoolFactory from the paper, and then add two operations for lambda abstraction and function application: public Exp lambda(Exp=>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); Where Exp=>Exp represents a Java lambda taking an Exp and returnin an Exp. Notice how the type of the lambda and its argument must now be dynamically type checked to ensure that 'arg' has the same type as the parameter for the lambda. With higher kinded types, you could write something like this instead: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body); public Exp apply(Exp lambda, Exp arg); And now everything is statically type checked by the Java compiler. Without higher kinded types, you gain extensibility in every direction using object algebras, but you lose some type checking. Haskell has the option to run your code without type checking [1], so this isn't an inherent limitation to type checking. [1] https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/latest/docs/html/users_gu... That actually should read: public Exp lambda(Exp =>Exp body) But you get the idea. > we should not be conflating dynamic dispatching code which could be statically resolved from dynamic dispatching code which is necessarily dynamic. This is exactly what I said: most of what people call "dynamic dispatching" is not truly dynamic, and the use of dispatching code is merely an implementation detail. > In Haskell, you do not do this sort of dispatch with typeclasses, but instead use ADTs. Except you can, and this is one way to solve the expression problem in Haskell, ie. by lifting constructors to their own types with pattern matching functions lifted to type classes. At which point we come full circle: most uses of ADTs can also be monomorphized and so are not dynamically dispatched either. Dynamic dispatches then occur only on input at runtime to select the type being instantiated (and so the type class being dispatched into). I don't understand what's unclear, lifting values to the type-level and pattern matching on those values to type classes is a standard construction [1]. I only claimed that operations on Maybe can be lifted to type classes, you claimed that all uses of type classes can be monomorphized (barring "fancy types", of which Maybe is presumably not one). Since all pattern matching functions on simple sums like Maybe can be lifted to type classes using the above translation, and given you said all such type classes can be monomorphized, therefore all uses of Maybe can be monomorphized. Alternately, your original claim could be wrong, or you can provide a counter-example to my claim that pattern matching on Maybe can be translated to type class dispatch. [1] http://koerbitz.me/posts/Solving-the-Expression-Problem-in-H... Reference counting pauses can actually be worse. Reference counting and tracing are duals, and only collectors that exploit properties of both avoid the worst case complexity of each. Alone they each have just as bad worst cases, just in dual scenarios. I disagree. You seem to be asserting that ontologies don't drive empirical or theoretical science, but this is obviously false. Einstein himself devised relativity via thought experiments surrounding ontological properties he believed made sense (such as the light speed barrier). Formulating theories and testing them is exactly what science is all about. > Replace non-locality with infinite universes, which is more troubling? The nature of the multiple universes is deply misunderstood. If you just think of the universe as a very large N-bit quantum computer, then the "multiple universes" are simply the superpositioned state of the computer itself. Nothing magical or non-physical about it. And since we are almost certainly living in a simulation [1]... ;-) [1] http://www.simulation-argument.com/simulation.html > 1. Conservation of energy. This is not a problem for MWI. > 2. Relativistic observers seeing multiple decoherence events in different orders There is no decoherence in MWI. > Interpreting quantum mechanics is often like this: you can preserve locality or convenience, but usually not both. Indeed, John Bell of Bell's theorem said that non-locality was THE big problem of quantum mechanics. He was a fan of Bohmian mechanics/pilot waves because it places what he considered the central problem front-and-center. > This is false, and a common misinterpretation of QM. We do not have any evidence of information travelling faster than the speed of light. It's actually not false as stated. The author didn't say information travels FTL. Copenhagen gives up realism to satisfy Bell's theorem, but is still non-local. On the contrary, immediately accepting non-determinism simply because that's what you seem to have measured is also unscientific. Or do you believe dipping pencils in water actually breaks them, and then reconstitutes them when you pull them back out? Don't mistake an illusion for reality. We shouldn't simply naively accept what our experiment seem to be telling us, we should always seek alternative avenues to explain the evidence. It can yield compelling insights. I don't know where you are seeing a relevant infinity. At any given time, there are a finite number of particles each with a finite number of observables. It's a large number, but finite. > Driver assistance vs self driving cars is a perfect example Not entirely. Drivers overriding automated systems introduce more errors than human alone or computer alone. > Why would you expect the above to work? It is a pretty clear violation of the type rules on any sane language. It doesn't violate structural typing rules, so I disagree. Indeed, it depends how one should interpret struct declarations. If you consider all structs structurally typed in C, then that should pass. If you only consider anonymous structs to be structurally typed, and named structs are the equivalent of newtype in Haskell (which is how C currently behaves I think), then the sample as written should fail, though using an anonymous struct for the alias would pass. I think the latter semantics makes for a better language because you can exploit the type checker to greater effect, but the former is certainly not unequivocally wrong. I agree it's mostly nominal, but anonymous structs using structural typing semantics are incredibly useful. Consider for instance this general function pointer macro [1], which you can use with any number of arguments like so: fn(int, char, double) f = &functionMatchingSignature; and which you can invoke with just: double d = f.call(arg0, arg1); and it type checks correctly and ensure the correct argument types are applied. Way better than the typical, double(*f)(int, char). You can go even further and implement full closures in C11, curried and non-curried, and it's mostly all type safe using anonymous structs (see the rest if the repo for the work in progress). [1] https://github.com/naasking/cclosures/blob/typed-clo/closure... Every other value declaration in C is , but function pointer values are different because the name to which its bound is right in the middle of the type. I understand the historical reasons, but it's unnecessarily obtuse, and this fixes that. Declarations of function pointer values are now just like any other value. The macro can't expand to a raw function pointer type without including the name to which it's bound in the macro arguments, once again introducing this obtuseness. Even worse actually, because the bound name is now indistinguishable from the types, where the ordinary syntax, while noisy, clearly distinguishes names from types. This style also matches the closure declaration style, ie. clo(T0, T1, ...), thus providing a seemless transition from function pointer values to actual function values which can carry environments. > Another option is for the macro to define a separate function type typedef (properly mangled with the line number) for the function type and then use it to define a pointer to it. Yes, but this requires forward declarations of the function type, which seems unnecessary. I can now just write: void sort(int* vals, int vcnt, fn(int, int, int) compare); int* filter(int* vals, int vcnt, fn(int, bool) clause, int* rcnt); without any forward declarations, and it's still immediately obvious what's going on. This approach makes C semantically a little more like a functional language without sacrificing a single thing people love about C (I hope). > In practice it just means the compiler can't be proved to halt on valid code. Which is a terrible outcome, and isn't a problem for nearly any other language save C++. > Most others, including its central premise about everything actually being a file, were not (adopted or successful), and turned out they weren't a big deal. Except they are, because Linux reinvented them decades later with lots of hype, but worse, in the form of user-level file systems and containers like Docker. > They could have built those 2 features independently anyway. Except you can't know which features will be a hit in advance, so your research prototype is only a failure if it never gets any adoption, and never inspires something better. Otherwise it was successful in exploring a design space, even if the result is negative. Your argument is the same fallacy as the belief that publishing negative scientific results isn't important. Documenting failed experiments is just as important to growing our understanding as documenting successes. > Crying is correlated with empathy, which is among the most important traits a human can have. I don't know why people place so much emphasis on empathy, as if it's some magical ingredient that other animals lack, or that it's some integral component to society. Other animals have empathy too, and empathy has little to do with moral reasoning. Empathy doesn't make humans special, intelligence and the physical composition/dexterity to make full use of our intelligence is what makes us special. > And ALL those errors can also be triggered with something a type system would no catch : runtime class generation, unexpexted user input, corrupted database, wrong data header, etc) Runtime class generation and unexpected user input can actually be handled in types. Any language with Type:Type, generative modules, first-class modules, and other variations all handle various forms of runtime type generation. Something like lightweight static capabilities [1] can ensure runtime input conforms to expectations encoded in types. Furthermore, you are way underselling types with that restricted list. NameError, SyntaxError, ImportError wouldn't occur in any typed languages at runtime. LookupError, AttributeError, AssertionError, ArithmeticError wouldn't occur in some of them. Finally, your breakdown doesn't cover how frequent any of these errors occur. For example, even if typing were to solve only TypeError, if TypeError consists of 90% of runtime errors, that would be a huge win. [1] http://okmij.org/ftp/papers/lightweight-static-capabilities.... > I love the tied-down nature of iMessage because that keeps it (mostly) free from spam and abuse. Security problems aren't solved through closed protocols, and open protocols don't have to have security problems. > How would you if you can't deternmine type in advance, check for the type it will be ? I don't understand. Compilers do this all the time. Just consider all those programs that dynamically generate code based on objects that they haven't seen in advance, like object-relational mappers. Those can all be statically typed and ensure that they generate correct code [1]. > Absolutly not. Those are not linked to typing in any way, and any decent Python editor catch them. It's all part of compilation, and furthermore, we can type check code generation so that names errors don't even occur in runtime generated code. Sorry, but all of these errors are related to type checking. > AssertionError ? Serioulsy ? Do you even know what it does in Python ? http://research.microsoft.com/apps/pubs/default.aspx?id=1386... Just google "static contract checking" to find plenty of work, including compilers already available for Haskell. Heck, code contracts have been widely deployed on .NET for years now. > And LookupError, unless you got constant sized containers, which has nothing to do with types, you can't check that. Please read the lightweight static capabilities paper I already provided. It demonstrates using the Haskell and OCaml type systems to statically assure that all array bounds are in range, even for dynamically sized structures. So yes, you can check that, which doesn't even go into dependent typing where checking such dynamic properties is the whole point. > ArithmeticError ? Come on ! Are you numbers constants ? You need to check the inputs so that they belong to the domain of your problem, at that's it. Nothing to do with types. You don't seem to realize that types are simply logical propositions about a program. They can be ANY proposition about a program, including that indexing is within bounds, that a concurrent program has no race conditions or deadlocks [2], that programs terminate, that HTML forms correctly serialize/deserialize values from/to structures [1], and more. Like most dynamic typing enthusiasts, you don't have a proper appreciation for the true scope of static typing. You are correct that typing has its costs that aren't always warranted, but you are incorrect about where you draw that line because I don't think you fully understand how powerful static typing truly is. [1] http://www.impredicative.com/ur/ [2] http://www.kb.ecei.tohoku.ac.jp/~koba/typical/ > Instead, he suggests pushing knowledge of your data into your database as this has proven to be more time resilient and takes advantage of the power of these databases. Indeed, moving logic into a relational language is a great idea. If only SQL weren't such a poor pseudo-relational language. This is a great point. I think the way forward is to unite these properties in an append-only schema that can be efficiently queried for a consistent state without requiring expensive transactions. Something like [1] works well enough for RDMSs, but still isn't ideal. [1] http://higherlogics.blogspot.ca/2015/10/versioning-domain-en... Define "created". There's Datalog, LINQ, and Dedalus at the very least, but these aren't available for any widely used data store (except perhaps LINQ on some object database, like NDatabase). All abuse problems are security problems. Abuse is by definition a misuse of authority. Concurrent Revisions [1] are even better IMO. Much simpler to reason about. In fact, if you know how to work with git and other distributed SCM tools, then you already understand the model: branch, do your work locally, then deterministic merge. [1] http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/revisions/ Do they? The papers on CRDTs I've skimmed often mention concurrent revisions, but they've never claimed CR subsume CRDTs. What is the "this paper" you're referring to? The papers at the link I provided don't mention CRDTs much. > Why would it be better for the government to provide this than the existing food distribution and supply chain? It probably isn't, but one possibility is that the government would be such a huge customer, that they have significant negotiating power. Per-unit costs would consequently be much lower. > Thinking back I do not know anyone in my neighborhood who was genuinely a hard working person with no vices. You're mistaking correlation for causation, which many do and is why this debate is so polarizing. Many people develop vices because they are neglected, as a coping mechanism/self-medication for their hopelessness. With more resources, they have more opportunity and don't need to self-medicate as much. This effect has been studied. Good thing everyone will not have more money then. The total money supply remains constant under UBI. I don't think that's a fair summary. Stateful cells have non-local and non-commutative evolution, which is why they're hard to distribute. These frameworks eliminate the non-locality, which isn't negotiable if you want to scale, but at the expense of preserving the requirement that you manually ensure commutativity. Not a bad tradeoff, and I highly recommend the CR papers if you haven't read them. I'd say most programs have a natural expression in terms of revisions, and you're left with only a small set of circumstances where state simply must evolve consistently and atomically (airplane seat reservations, for instance). I would still like a framework for reasoning about these circumstances that integrates naturally with CR though. I still think your last statement is unfair. At worst, the caveat is that the TSP solution is for any graph within a certain class of topologies. Concurrent revisions in particular has been implemented to work in concurrent, parallel and incremental computing, with no change in semantics. So it's pretty darn close to a magic wand, but it can't violate the laws of logic. The authority to send to your mailbox is ambient, meaning anyone can send to it at anytime, and ambient authority is trivially abused. Abuse can only be prevented by doling out least authority, not ambient authority. In this case, at the very least a mailbox address would be a cryptographically unguessable identifier. Ideally, each person to whom you are introduced would get their own unguessable mailbox address that acts as a proxy for your real mailbox, and you can delete that proxy anytime you wish to stop receiving e-mail from that person (and anyone with whom they shared your address). This completely eliminates the viability of selling your personal information to advertisers and spammers. Obviously this process has to be simple and semi-automatic, preferably transparent, or people won't be able to use it (like the web of trust), but the idea is sound, and based on capability security. People already do something like this manually with subaddressing, and it seems the general concept I presented above has an official name as "disposable e-mail addresses" [1]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disposable_email_address > The evidence for the conceivability of p-zombies is in your living room, if you have a television. You can see people on it and they behave intelligently. Are they conscious? Of course not, they're just red, green, and blue dots. I don't see how that constitutes evidence for the conceivability of p-zombies. They're obviously distinguishable from conscious entities with a simple test: ask a TV person a question. > If that were the case, why can't I simply design an artificial brain, a cyber brain, and upload myself in 1000 bodies? What makes you think you can't, at least in principle? And your VR example simply assumes the conclusion: > Maybe Doug Lenat and Geoffrey Hinton collaborated and developed an AI as intelligent as a person, and that's what controls them How do you know the AI isn't conscious? You're simply asserting that it isn't. For all you know, "AI as intelligent as a person" literally isn't possible without consciousness, which makes your assertion inconceivable. Which is why the whole p-zombie thought experiment doesn't convince anyone: if you already think consciousness is physical, then p-zombies aren't conceivable and the thought experiment isn't convincing, and if you already think consciousness is not physical, then p-zombies merely assert the same conclusion you already hold and you're "convinced". > The computer that runs the VR (including the AI controlling the behaviour of the NPCs) might well be conscious, but the NPCs themselves are just pixels. Where and how the information processing actually occurs to produce this intelligence doesn't seem relevant. The NPCs are individually either as intelligent as a person, and equally distinct, or they are not. If they are, they may be conscious. You said they are so intelligent, and therefore, you have no idea whether they are or are not conscious. > It might sense some electrical signals originating from you and your friend's bodysuits, but that isn't going to feel anything like the experience you and your friend are having. I don't see how that's relevant to whether the game system or NPCs are conscious. > faster, lighter, more customizable Pick any two. > I accept that the computer controlling the VR might be conscious of something while it runs the AI software But the AI software/algorithm is exactly what would produce the consciousness, if it were possible to do. So if it runs this algorithm individually for each NPC, then each NPC is conscious. And it clearly must run the algorithm individually because each NPC finds itself in different circumstances, and so must respond differently to its environment, even if they all share the same "personality". > It doesn't use senses the same way you do. I still don't see why that's relevant. Sensory inputs are still just inputs. The AI algorithm also has such inputs since each NPC must respond to its environment. It's strange that you find the physicalist account "hand-wavy", but then use a physicalist model to dispute mind uploads. So do you accept physicalism or don't you? > There's absolutely no reason to believe it experiences any of the qualia experienced by the people immersed in the VR. Firstly, NPCs tautologically don't experience the same qualia, but that doesn't mean they don't experience qualia of their own. Like I said, they respond to their environment, which means they have senses of a sort. > It just behaves as if it does [produce consciousness], like the people on your television screen. How do you know that? You're merely asserting p-zombies exist, you're not proving it. > They're not really there. In what way can you prove you are "really there" in a way that a simulated entity is not? Fundamentally, your matter could very well be a mathematical construct -- see the Mathematical Universe hypothesis, for instance. > They also exist in the form of data on the computer running the VR, but data can't be conscious either, as it's entirely passive, like words in a book the computer can read from and write to. Except they're not, because the NPCs respond intelligently to you and their environment, both of which are always changing, so they aren't anything like passive, unchanging data. No one is claiming that data that isn't changing is conscious, but NPCs don't consist of unchanging data. So they could very well be conscious, and you haven't presented an argument why such intelligent responses would not require consciousness, you've merely been asserting it. And it's not like you don't state that consciousness can't be a computation, because you've said that the game system as a whole might be conscious. So if we agree to assume for the sake of argument that consciousness is a computation, then it will be a particular kind of computation with a certain property, like how sorting algorithms sort their input. Which means any algorithm that has this property produces consciousness. Furthermore, personality differences and sensory input from their environment would just be parameters to such an algorithm. And if game AI needs this consciousness property to make believably intelligent characters, which is what we've been discussing, then each of the NPCs will run this algorithm with their own personality and environment configurations, and each of them will be conscious. The best I can infer about your argument is that these computations don't have access to "real" senses, but this point is entirely irrelevant. All AI senses will reduce to a set of numbers anyway, which means even if the "sensory" inputs we hook them up to are entirely simulated, this makes no difference to the consciousness algorithm . Consciousness would be a logical property, so you can't simultaneously accept that the game system could have consciousness, but the individual NPCs would not. > My consciousness, however, is "really there". You didn't answer the question. You can be sure your consciousness exists, and you grant existence to other conscious people no doubt, but you seem certain that AI consciousness is not in a game of AI NPCs that are just as intelligent as humans, yet provide no justification for that. > Or are you saying that the book is somehow conscious of understanding Chinese simply because there's space in it where the man takes notes? I'm saying that your attempt to define a "locus" where consciousness resides is futile. A CPU is not a person, even though a person can act like a CPU. You're effectively asking which line in a sorting algorithm actually does the sorting. All of it does the sorting, and all of the program+scratch memory that produces intelligent behaviour, would produce consciousness as well. The CPU is completely incidental. If you compile your program for a completely different architecture, or take a snapshot and restore it on another computer, the consciousness moves with the program, it does not stay with the CPU on which it was originally running. > For me types make prototyping WAY faster Agreed. I can prototype an idea almost entirely in types, and if the types make sense, then the implementation often follows naturally. > If you built an android that had every if-statement imaginable coded into it so that it behaved exactly like a human Except this robot is inconceivable, because it would exceed the size of the universe. The conscious android becomes conceivable when you say its on the human scale and yet still exhibits the same behaviours. > Another issue is the purposelessness of consciousness. Why does there have to be experience tied to our reactions to stimuli, if the resulting behaviors are identical. Isn't there quite a bit of wasted energy and skull space that could be better used for more survival oriented if-statements. All of our behavior seems possible without the associated feelings. This theory does explain the purpose of consciousness and qualia, as this poster explains: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11853240 > I mean, you don't just process external stimuli, combine them with an internal state, and generate output signals, like a program would – you can actually "feel" things and see them with "your inner eye"? You're assuming the conclusion that consciousness isn't just processing external stimuli with internal state to generate output signals, just a particular form of it. Can you point to another such property, whereby it's not observable but is a meangingful difference? If not, why should qualia qualify? Except: 1. It isn't a valid observation, because you don't actually observe that consciousness is not part of the process of processing external stimuli. At best, you can observe that consciousness exists. 2. It isn't a valid conclusion even if it were a valid observation. Or do you also conclude that water magically breaks pencils and reconstitutes them when they are removed [1]? [1] http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000KUS4vG.ZoqQ/s/860... The question is whether we have justification to believe that it actually exists as a legitimate example. Every other property that we granted such special ontological status has been soundly refuted. Why should I expect this to be any different? The English language consists of over 1,000,000 words. Let's suppose only 200,000 in common use, 1/7 are verbs, 1/2 are nouns. Even if you consider only simple sentences consisting of 3 words with subject-verb-object, the number of permutations of subject-verb-object sentences that an English-speaking human can utter are 28,000 * 100,000 * 28,000 = ~78.5 trillion = ~10^13. This doesn't include adjectives, adverbs, conjunctions or anything more complicated we see in real grammars. Now consider that this sentence you're reading is 33 words long, so the number of permutations of such sentences is hundreds of orders of magnitude larger, on the order of 10^10000. The visible universe is estimated to contain 10^80 particles, so even if you could encode a logic gate that could recognize a word in a single particle, it seems you're still just a tad short if you're looking to hard-code intelligent responses. True understanding consists of building a model to generate new facts as needed, amounting to an impressive compression of facts you've already seen. > You separate each chunk and deal with them independently. Thus replace "The great big elephant" with Bob. "Bob, almost stepped on me." prevents N! word combinations. You're changing the goalposts. The original post claimed to encode all language parsing and intelligent responses as a static set of if-statements; regardless of whether a sentence makes semantic sense, they must still be recognized in any combination in a fixed set of if-branches and responded to intelligently (like the question "why doesn't this sentence make sense?"). That's not feasible for the reasons I describe. Parameterization like you describe is precisely the sort of model that an evolved intelligence would exhibit. I already responded to this point in my last post. Even if you were to parameterize as a form of compression, which is outside the scope of the original point to which I was responding, it still doesn't meaningfully compress the results because I can just generate a whole new impossibly large set of intelligible questions, like "why doesn't sentence X make sense?". The number of sentences that require intelligent answers is simply impossibly huge for a fixed set of if-statements. > in the latter cases we were trying to explain something external that we thought we were observing, whereas with subjective experience we are discussing a phenomenon that we (or at least some of us) directly, infallibly observe. There's no distinction. When I see what looks like a broken pencil sitting in a glass of water, I am observing exactly what I describe. The reason the pencil looks broken is not because I should grant water some magical powers to break and reconstitute pencils, but turned out to be refracted light. Analogously, I can observe that I do have subjective experience, but why should I assume that the reason I have subjective experience is different than all other observables? Why would it be some irreducible, unobservable quality? You seem to be claiming that the existence of subjective experience is reason enough alone, and I don't see how that follows. > I can conceive of no way to logically deduce its occurrence from any physical processes, nor any way to consider them as the same thing. That you cannot conceive of it does not make it inconceivable. In fact, scientific theories [1] exist to explain exactly the functional purpose of consciousness. [1] http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00... > Does his (unobservable) intent make any difference to you? Only in so far as one's intent describes one's view of others. Malicious intent of the sort you describe entails danger towards others, which is observable. > But that doesn't explain the mechanism for conciousness to occur, it just explains why it might exist. It does explain the mechanism actually. The mind builds representations for predictive purposes, it builds a representation of attention because that increases predictive power in achieving goals, a representation of attention is consciousness. Certainly it's not sufficiently detailed such that you can build one, but that's not really needed to make it conceivable. To say that consciousness does not "actually exist" is the same kind of statement as saying that a car does not really exist. Certainly I drive something I call a car to work every morning. I have direct experience of this too. And yet, cars don't really exist at fundamental levels of reality, they are merely aggregates of more fundamental types of matter. And so it is with consciousness. We certainly have consciousness, but to then immediately assign consciousness special ontological status distinct from matter, ie. dualism at worst or panpsychism at best, is a huge leap that requires justification. > Maybe that experience occurs as the result of physical processes, but it's still a separate thing. To say something doesn't really exist is to say that it doesn't have metaphysical status on par with matter. If you say that consciousness really, fundamentally exists, then you're saying that it has the same status in reality as the fundamental particles of physics. We should expect to find some consciousness field and particles upon which it acts; or you would have to posit something like panpsychism which suggests that consciousness is an intrinsic property of all matter. Consciousness not really existing implies that it's an illusion, in the same way that cars, and jobs and countries are an illusion. Certainly they "exist" in some colloquial sense, but they don't exist in a fundamental metaphysical sense. Did you read the paper? Take a look at Figure 1 and contrast 1a and 1b. The combination of perceptions you're paying attention to + focusing on a model of yourself paying attention to your perceptions yields subjectivity. Your brain shifting between the signals from your direct perceptions and signals from your model of yourself focusing on your perceptions is the perceptive difference we call subjective experience. I think the description there explains it quite well if that's unsatisfactory. Certainly it's lacking in sufficient detail to build an artificial consciousness, but it's not lacking in empirical data and testable hypotheses. It's also a perfect example of how subjective experience could be an illusion that exists, and yet still convince us that it's in some sense fundamental. > Parent described it as being able to react to every possible situation ever, but you can get the same effects by hard-coding reactions to just a few millions/billions of possible events/discussions that can happen inside a room (and with coarse definition of distinct events), and just let some person with it in a room for 1-2 hours. Honestly, I've always found any such construct absolutely trivial to identify. I've been able to stump every chatbot with my first question. No agent that doesn't actually understand would be able to pass a Turing test issued by a trained computer scientist, even if limited to 5 questions. > Would a person with Aspergers/autism/etc pass that test? Sure, my first question is always simple direct semantics test. Perhaps something like, what's the third word of this sentence if you start counting from the second word? Mitsuku chatbot that won the 2013 chatbot competition got this one right, but if I just slightly rephrased it to, "If I were to ask you what the third word of this sentence is if you started counting from the second word, what would you say?", it got it flat wrong despite having just answered it. Reflective questions like this are good tests of understanding that are trivial for a person to answer, not so trivial for a system that doesn't truly understand what it's reading. > Integer IDs are definitely easier, but I've seen it cause so many security issues -- "hmm, I wonder what happens if I manually type in /user/239?" You're misidentifying the actual security problem. Using URLs in this manner requires cryptographically secure random numbers, or my preferred method is to HMAC the URL to sign it's protected parameters. I actually wrote a small library for .NET called Clavis to demonstrate this idea [1]. The MAC acts as the cryptographically secure identifier needed to make the URL unguessable. [1] https://higherlogics-trac.sourcerepo.com/higherlogics_clavis... You can avoid the need for two IDs if you HMAC the URL. There's a single private key on the server used to generate and verify the MAC on subsequent requests. But if you replicate your DB, now you also have to replicate your filesystem. Easier to just segregate BLOBs in their own tables and let DB replication do all the work. > "In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them." - This quote highlights precisely why I ended up choosing software engineering over maths. Haha probably the most unintentionally funny and ironic comment I've read in awhile. Given more than 50% of software projects fail, which is worse than chance, I think it's safe to say the no one really understands software engineering either. Like math, they just get used to doing some things that seem to work better than others. Haskell does it automatically as an optimisation: if an algebraic type has fewer than 2-3 cases, then it inline the tag bits directly into the pointer, thus saving an indirection on pattern match. Some C data structures also make use of low level bit tricks like this to save space and reduce indirections. For instance, the hash-array mapped Trie uses a 32 bit mask to both track which indices of the current node are actually populated, and incidentally, how large the node currently is. It's quite clever. These are always my foot examples to evaluate any alleged systems programming language. No language less powerful than a theorem prover is currently capable of expressing these idioms safely. L4.sec is already formally verified. So the microkernel is already done. You need the user land services to provide POSIX compatibility, and that you can possibly do in Rust. To be fair, Ada has a lot of library cruft for dynamically sized structures that you don't have to deal with in C. It can be pretty annoying. Looks cool, thanks. They should take the opportunity to fix a few Unix/ACL security problems though, instead of just reproducing the same old POSIX quagmire. Make chroot isolation complete with plan9-like private namespaces, don't implement the traditional broken user/group security model and instead learn from the Polaris virus safe computing prototype (they're already partway there by using the capability secure seL4 kernel). I would personally also want to eliminate a lot of the duplication in the POSIX API, but that probably won't fly. Can have your cake and eat it too. > Physicalism of the mind isn't unanimously accepted in philosophy. Sure, and nonphysicalists believe in magic. It's a false analogy though. Brains don't run software the way computers run software. The brain's behaviour is emergent from its physical structure. > Different races within the US have different intelligence levels, and that intelligence is highly predictive of adult outcomes I think tying this to race is a mistake. The data shows such correlations, but there are also correlations between race and socioeconomic status, and socioeconomic status and intelligence. The way you phrase this implies a premature conclusion about race when in reality it's likely not about race at all. It's still ridiculous to tie it to 'race' because, a) there is no real biological classification of race, which means all of this data using such classifications is already inherently biased, and b) mere correlation again does not entail a causation, so there could very well be a third variable that ties it all together. I can think of a bunch right off the top of my head, like stereotype threat and the still all too common racism resulting in many educational disadvantages for black students. > Race, or some hidden variable correlated to it, is highly predictive even after accounting for income and similar things. Since you're convinced of this position, please provide a biological definition of each "race" you think shows this effect, and we'll see if the data actually agrees with your claims. > Pontificating over unanswerable questions is little more than a waste of time. You clearly don't understand philosophy. Some philosophers like hearing their own voice talk about such questions, just like some physicists are themselves crackpots. Most philosophers are trying to properly define an otherwise ill-defined subject, and the only way to do that is via various types of thought experiments, just like Einstein did when he formulated his theory of relativity. Or did you not know that science is natural philosophy? Except computer behaviour isn't emergent from its structure, it's emergent from its programming which happens after its structure is fully formed. And neural structure changes during its operation, which most computers don't. They aren't remotely the same thing. Certainly you can simulate this operation of neural structure, but to suggest they are effectively the same is to suggest that cars and mice are effectively the same. They're both just made of matter aren't they? I commented on that specific line because that exact sentiment is all too common, and entirely unjustified. > The dynamic world lets us have inconsistent code that partially works, rather than forcing us to follow up on all the places reached by the ripple effect of a change. Maybe the change turns out to be a bad idea in the end; then it was a waste of effort. Except you can mostly do this reasoning just using the types. So you're rarely updating everything, you're just updating a few type definitions to see if your idea meshes well, and then you have to do the large refactoring. It was the only messenger available for MOST platforms, including the then-dominant BlackBerry. It provided feature parity with BBM, including guaranteed delivery of prompt failure notices, which was a bigger deal then. It's why my friends and I started using it years ago. See the LtU post [1] for the paper backing this project. [1] http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/5237 It synchronizes multiple CAS operations an ensures they all execute "atomically" upon k-CAS completion. > And if the "hacker" loses, it invalidates code as contract completely. I don't think it does. You've replaced expensive legal fees with an automatically executed contract that costs you nothing after initial setup. As long as most people end up satisfied with their outcomes, then there's still great value in smart contracts for this reason alone, even if some unhappy customers still end up in court. > The problem is, Gödel's incompleteness theorem applies to a system that contains the complexity of the set of all real numbers As others have corrected that this should be naturals, I'll just also note that you can derive incompleteness just from addition and multiplication over naturals. So while you're correct that plenty of systems don't need full multiplication, you run into limitations quickly. Then you need proper theorem proving to recover the missing verification power. > What's wrong with centralized decision making and planning out everything for years? The rest I can agree with, but 1) in any company, you need centralized decision making or you won't get anything done; the point of a company is not to be a democracy, it's to be a machine that generates profit, and centralized decision making accomplishes that. No it doesn't. Top-level decision makers are poorly informed about what's possible and what's actually effective. Complete top-down decision making is Dilbert incarnate. Top-level executives need to make the goals of the company clear to team managers, and that's not just "profit", and they need to set the constraints that any direction in pursuit of those goals must satisfy (such as legal or marketing requirements), and let the engineers find optimal solutions within that space. Engineers excel at finding effective solutions given a set of constraints, executives excel at defining business policies that effectively shape a successful business. Let each employ their appropriate skill set. > And 2) what can possibly be wrong with planning things out far ahead? Inflexibility to changing market conditions. Having invested time, money and effort into forming such an intricate long-term plan drives us to stupidly believing sunk cost fallacies, and ignore evidence of ineffectiveness. > Now imagine you stacked 2ms GC pauses into that level of the system. That would be a barely serviceable kernel. Forget any real-time facilities. Real-time just means bounded latency. If 2ms was a hard upper bound, that's hard realtime. If it's ~90% bounded by 2ms with a small variance, that's soft realtime. > I keep trying to get people to not use C++ for these but funny it's almost a trend now. I can understand why L4 choose C++ at the time, as it had stricter checking than C, but OS kernels have very little internal code reuse that necessitates inheritance or templates. This is doubly true of microkernels. There is literally no reason to use C++ in this domain. Ada or C, and soon Rust should be the only considerations IMO. > It's weird that languages with unpredictable runtime characteristics such as Java and C# are being advertised as systems programming languages. Languages don't have unpredictable runtime characteristics, only specific language runtimes have unpredictable language characteristics. One could replace the standard .NET runtime GC with a hard realtime GC, and .NET would then have more predictable runtime characteristics than C and C++. > With GC languages you don't have any - the GC will kick in unpredictably. This is only true of specific GC implementations. Incremental GCs never pause the program. On-the-fly and realtime GCs pause the program for a few microseconds. Slower I can understand, but I don't see how a C# interface could possibly be inherently more complicated than a C or C++ interface for something like an image library, at least to the extent you're implying. Even hardware interfacing via memory mapped addresses would just need a small shim and types that are byte compatible with C structs you can call via P/invoke, isn't particularly complicated. Can you give a specific example of what you're referring to? > They also see their own future. So, what they decide for the company might actually not much to do with what the company does. That's exactly what I said executives should do: set goals and constraints on how to fulfill those goals. You're just saying that companies can change goals, and that's fine. You just tell your employees that your goals are changing, so they shift focus to the new goals. You're still not making decisions for them other than overall direction. Right, the point is that the arbiter can evolve independently of the contract logic (via establishing new precedent). The contract would just specify a unique, unforgeable designator for the arbiter to use. The fact that machines don't understand doesn't entail they can't understand given a suitable model for what constitutes "understanding". We simply lack such a model. > To be fair, ethereum has bytecode at its base- almost certainly someone will wrote a more declarative language on top of it now to help minimize the chance that unexpected calling trees can lead to unexpected behavior. The mismatch between executable code and high-level language is a known attack vector called the "full abstraction" problem. This has already been used to subvert the CLR and the JVM. If your bytecode is not inherently secure, and you permit executing arbitrary bytecode, then any language running on top that builds more sophisticated invariants that aren't enforceable via the bytecode are very likely vulnerable. Sure, but I thought we were talking about what makes for good management. Bad managers either need to be reformed or fired. Right, so the complication is just duplicating the interface in C# for interop, which obviously isn't needed if you just use the SDK language. Still, this just hides the complexities of using that language, like memory safety and garbage collection, so it seems hard to definitively state that it's more complicated than it otherwise would be. What sort of performance issues do you see? Do you mean the p/invoke/marshalling costs? > For instance if you were a V.P. at an mortgage company you could push your underlings to make bad loans. Even though in the long term it will hurt the company when those individuals default, in the short-term you will look awesome. Having metrics to measure success is of course important. While micro metrics like lines of code produced per day are easily gamed, metrics like number of successful projects divided by the estimated risk are not. For the mortgage, number of mortgages divided my estimated risk is similar, and would easily identify the managers that are putting the company at risk to game their metrics. > Or for instance when a V.P.s boss makes a wide ranging decision about the company will move in a new direction. For instance "To the cloud". Do you mean that the CEO is declaring that the company should use the cloud for all of their products, or that the company is to become a cloud provider? Because the former is exactly the wrong type of decision that I've been talking about, and the latter is exactly the kind of decision they should make. > Planning things far ahead doesn't mean you're rigidly bound to those plans, it just means you have goals you've set and you're going to work towards unless things change, forcing you to alter those plans. Except that's not what the original poster was talking about. The OP specifically referenced the centralized planning of communist states, which are poorly informed and inflexible to changing conditions, just like I said, and they employ deceptive propaganda even among the people that are supposed to help them realize their plans. Nothing wrong with having a rough strategy that you openly share with your employees so you can all work towards realizing. That's exactly the kind of planning I described in fact. > More complex contracts should re-use smaller, proven contracts. This assumes that compositions of unexploitable contracts are themselves not exploitable, which isn't true in general. > You go to court to help recover your "money" -- aka bitcoins, because it was a fraudulent transaction. I don't understand what this means. Courts don't only consider cases where you pay ordinary money for an exhcange of goods. Contracts exist for purely material exchanges, so I don't see "give me bitcoin for X" wouldn't count. You can circumvent the bounds checking via unsafe code, and avoid heap allocation by using structs. Not sure what non-deterministic memory usage means. You haven't specified what the right tool is. I think classifying C/C++ as the right tool is contentious too for the reasons I outline. The "type wrangling" isn't there for no good reason, the reasons are quite clear: to maintain memory safety and benefit from automatic memory management. There's also the possibility that you're making it more complicated than it needs to be. > The problem of understanding properties of the contract may be NP-hard [1] i.e. practicallly uncomputable. The difficulty makes good contract design a valuable service (like hiring lawyers). Otherwise everyone would just write their own contracts. A more declarative, less powerful language would have opened this up at the expense of contract succinctness.