Disregard normal life. Work on your startup. My mom is a hacker too. She hacked her own gmail account the other day by recovering her password, she even had to remember the name of her first pet! Its kinda hard to hear the presenter, but otherwise thanks for the stream! I'm very curious about the differences you think exist between the two services regarding ethics. He says he hardly notices it so I doubt it is somehow affecting his productivity... Yes it does. Click options, a little dropdown appears with "Cached, Similar and Mobile formatted" "My greatest concern was that I’d have to do a lot of installing and configuring before I could get anything meaningful done. All I wanted was a standard setup, and to not derail focus from my work." And yet he had the time to document the whole experience at the same time? Napster - 12 occurrences, Facebook - 10 occurrences, Spotify - 7 occurrences It will rock when I can have tabs in my explorer "He manages to offend common decency (...) and insult millions of Apple users simultaneously." I highly doubt that common decency as an abstract concept feels much offended. And even if it did, I am sure it would be able to sleep at night. As to Apple users, if they feel offended by the insult, I would advise them to watch this little clip http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cycXuYzmzNg The teamviewer guys must be a bit worried Been using gitweb with a custom theme by some dude ( https://github.com/kogakure/gitweb-theme ). This seems much cleaner and easy to use. When I have some time I'll probably switch over to this if it doesn't have any problems/bugs Looks awesome, gmail and other applications would benefit immensely from this instead of just trying to reconnect! I'm curious, there is a "money back guarantee" line on the site. How does this work for ebooks? I buy it and I can ask for my money back? How do I "return" the ebook? Is this usual for other electronic goods? (ie. software) Isn't it required to be at least 13 years old to have a google account? How does this affect the kids who want to use khanacademy? Are they forced to have a facebook account? EDIT: Actually, facebook also has a minimum age requirement of 13 ( https://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=210644045634222 ). Can't see how khanacademy missed that. I think this is a major flaw in their signup system. Should they (khanacademy) really be blocking every kid younger then 13? EDIT2: It seems like they address it here ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/getting-started ) but their solution is having the parents create an account for the kids. I don't really think this is actually acceptable by facebook's terms of service though, not sure about google. See point 4 in https://www.facebook.com/terms.php That's only for people with Google Apps for Education (teachers)!! Also, if you are under 13 you can't use the site if you didn't sign up with google/facebook (which have their own weird under 13 rules) See "1. Eligibility" in ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/tos ) EDIT: Also, I found out that youtube actually doesn't let anyone under 13 use their service, so I'm guessing you can't watch the videos either if you're under 13. See "12. Ability to Accept Terms of Service" in ( http://www.youtube.com/static?gl=US&template=terms ) I just found out the internet is just for people over 13... Stealing from a vending machine is now hacking? I guess a few of you could also find out that if someone left a window open you could get in their house and take a free TV, that would also show you the joy of "beating a system"... *Portuguese What sense of entitlement? She's only expressing that she would like to be easier and clearer. Are these not valid wishes? I did not interpret her text like you at all... Oh well Instead of sending a pass-phrase encrypted ZIP file via email or IM beyond auto-delete feature, you go to this website, input the information and share the URL with the person of choice. Man, finally somebody that doesn't install stuff on the screencast TL;DR People don't have common sense and make fools of themselves, then try to blame others. You are correct. He had a chart with the days of the week (columns) and virtues (rows). He would then note how many faults he had committed each day. He tried to perfect each virtue for some time before adding another, and would perform cycles of this system that lasted several weeks each. He later stopped doing it, claiming lack of time but he still saw much value in performing this task. You may find this in more detail in his book, which is reproduced here (I have pointed for the specific chapter): http://www.benjaminfranklinbiography.net/#IX How do you know with such certainty that what he wrote isn't what he thinks? I was under the impression that it is illegal to tear up money, is this the case in the US as well? I remember being on the internet since I was about 10 and I always said I was over 18 for whatever I did on the internet because I knew otherwise there would be restrictions. Is this a hard concept to grasp? From what I understood you can download a song thinking its new hottest club hit and have your Kindle bricked. I don't understand how a more eficient chain of supply and preparation will make healthier food cheaper. I was under the impression that generally lower quality goods are cheaper then higher quality ones, which in the case of food means healthier food. Could you explain your reasoning? I understand this is just someone sharing an opinion but most of the time when I read articles about startups people seem like they're talking about opinions and subjective thoughts as if they're hard facts. What works for some companies in a given environment may not work at all in another situation. Sharing a scenario is good. Making as rules based on anecdotes isn't so good. What amazes me is that people actually think this is the right way to look at things... I don't understand the women+minority problem. Different people have different interests, and I believe this is a good thing and not a problem. If more diversity were to come to the startup world that would be awesome, but I don't see this as a problem that needs fixing. Startup people just have to keep doing what they do and if more people get interested in startups then things will all fall into place. What about the percentages of women and minorities in such places as politics? Is this a problem too? What about other industries that are dominated by women, is there a problem there? People like what they like and that's that! Unfortunately I can't see any formulas correctly and the tables are quirky. Example: http://offline-wiki.googlecode.com/git/app.html?Permeability... Assuming that wanting to look good is the product of low self-esteem doesn't seem very reasonable. Being from an European country myself I find it ever so amusing that all my life I've been hearing that "If we were only like the USA" in some regards. Ironic isn't it? He did say that he didn't know anything about making kickstarter videos, so it's not like he fooled you into watching him dancing. And for what the product is I think I got the general idea, even with all the dancing. I don't believe this is google just because of all the manual labor involved. Google would scrape the whole site and call people with pre-recorded messages or something. The operation would be fully automated. I actually don't have any opinion wether they would do it or not, but I doubt manual labor would be involved if that was the case. Not even a few words to describe each one and their merits? I guess this is yet another top 10 that will get dilluted with the rest of the spam. On the issue of performance you should read the stackoverflow blog. You imply that everyone that pirates doesn't buy. And you imply that people who pirate would instead buy if they couldn't pirate. I never seen proof to any of those two assertions. I got a kindle 7 months ago and I was given a regular physical book to read this Christmas. I don't know if it's just me but I found it really hard to go back to the book format. Just holding it is much more of hassle. I also love how I can instantly go to the dictionary on my kindle, which also has the serendipity factor! It's not unusual to hop around from word to word on the definitions of the previous one or just finding words which are above or bellow the word I'm looking at! So maybe that serendipity factor isn't all lost after all. I think you've actually demonstrated how something that would be really simple in python, gets horribly complicated in javascript. Or maybe it's just me... I know for sure Montepio has them. Probably others too but that's the only one I use. I pay all my bus tickets with it directly from the bus company website. What I get from this situation is that the people over at 37 Signals are unfortunately, large kids, from the tweets present in the article. I see companies copying other companies' work all the time and although that's morally wrong, I also don't see how some lines of html are going to be the a relevant part of a company. (and if they are... bad news) What I don't see everyday is this kind of immature responses from the copied companies. Usually they just brush it off, because they know that in the end of the day, they are the better company. I say this without any other knowledge of the situation apart from the article though. I still don't see how any of this validates such an immature response from the copied company. Don't they have a PR guy or something to shut them up before they say things they might regret? Well this is very subjective, and I can understand your views, but I just don't think it is professional to be impolite in this manner. Being right should not give you the right to be rude! I can see where you're coming from though. Being a rude person for a long time should not grant rights to be a rude person in the present. From the article: >We did not wish to mislead the public into thinking that scientific issues >are decided by who has the longer list of scientists! I was under the impression that currently accepted scientific discoveries required that the majority of the scientific community to be in agreement. If this is not the case could you point me to an explanation? I'm really curious, not trying to be a smart-ass or something. We have that here for a long time now and my idea of this is basically a Ponzi scheme. When you start having old people live longer, retire earlier and not enough young people to support the system, it all collapses. Our own system is already in really bad shape and the government had to increase the minimum age at which you can retire in order to adjust things. I never had to #DEFINE RESPECT_STALLMAN before I allocated memory or some such, but maybe that's why my programs were always so inefficient and pasta-like this whole time! I know this is highly subjective but I would think that every son would like for his father to be above all, a dad. I wouldn't give a fuck if you drove two mercedes instead of one or if you gave away a billion dollars to cancer research if you couldn't find the time to play LEGO with me. Just my opinion, and I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors. >The preloading will occur in cases when the top match generated by the omnibox's autocompletion functionality is a site that the user visits frequently. This opens lots of cool possibilities such as eliminating the need for two cars in the family for example. You go to work, the car then comes back and drives the wife and then later in the afternoon when both parents are working it goes to school and picks up the kids! I think of addition and I don't see that changing any time soon. The only place that should indeed be more safe is the one you choose not to clear the data from. Shouldn't it be the other way around? With Javascript being the mess that it is I doubt it would be a good starting language, it has too much idiosyncrasies. Most of the post seemed to be excusing Javascript's faults and trying to convince me that I have a problem with said faults because I've been exposed to "better" programming languages. No shit . To be fair, Javascript is the easiest language to teach through a website, but that's it. The goal shouldn't be to make the teacher's life easy rather then providing the right tools for the student. Ah, unfortunate name clash with http://elixir.ematia.de/trac/wiki which is a python wrapper on top of sqlalchemy made me confuse for a second. I would say it's actually much less challenging than ever before since now they exist. Everytime I see these Terms of Use I wonder, to what extent are they applicable? They can write whatever they want there, but what is enforceable? Example: "By registering to this website the user agrees to the obligation of coming everyday to mike's house and give him a foot massage" Suspending him only shows that if a vulnerability exists (and they always do) in the future people won't go about it so openly because what they'll get for their troubles will be an account suspension. The guy could have done real harm if he kept silent and used it maliciously, chose not to, and got suspended. Github should pay him for finding the vulnerability instead! I was excited about this pokki business and went to their website to see what it's like. After seeing the video I thought it could be cool, click, click, click. "Sorry, Pokki does not support your operating system." Oh. >> Why Unix? Mac OS X is Unix under the hood: the Darwin kernel Just beeing pedantic but I think Darwin is the operating system, not the kernel. The kernel is Mach 3. "There are a finite number of irreplaceable hours in a human life and it makes sense to fill those limited hours with as much remarkable experience as possible. " Goes on to say how he played a computer game for more than 365 hours of his life. I wouldn't count some 360+ hours of the same game as "the most remarkable experiences possible" but that's just me. I really don't get what is so fundamentally wrong with email. Sure you get a lot of it, but with spam control, filters and tags set up stuff gets sorted out pretty well. And if you have something that can be solved with a 2 minute call don't waste an afternoon of back and forward emails. It's more like a limitation. Yup, all the time. It has some nice plugins and the settings are simple enough. Terminal panel, several files open with splitted screen, it has everything! "Or is life simply a contest to see who can build the most prestigious obituary?" Life is what you make of it. If checking boxes doesn't make you happy, don't do it. It's my opinion that once you put information on the internet it is public domain and anyone who wishes to mine it is free to do so. The burden of keeping yourself private lies with you. I think this would never happen where I live. Honestly this seems like its the same thing as you guys in the US not being able to say merry christmas because it might offend someone. What's so wrong with being offended anyway? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHMoDt3nSHs&t=3m30s I think people over there just take everything to seriously. What I said is that where I live its not like this. Girls wouldn't make a fuss about this, and would probably make more sexual jokes then guys actually. So yes maybe in comparison you guys need to lighten up as a society or something. I've been mocked plenty for a bunch of reasons and I'm sure everyone has too. When I was a kid I ran up to my mom and said "Hey mom, that kid was mean to me." and she would tell me "Just ignore him." and make me go play again. Now I'm a grown up and I don't need to go to my mom everytime someone makes fun of me or looks at me wierd. And I sure don't go whinning to the internet. You can not however, make a database of all the people of a given race that currently live on a X mile radius of some given place by looking at them in person without a lot of time or trouble. Benítez. Wait a minute, check his credentials, who the hell is he to tell you how to administer your server? I think you meant to say "raison d'être" I am also interested in the debugging part. You would get payed if you stayed longer? Here (Portugal) it's common practice for every kind of dev to work overtime with no extra pay, it's seen as a trait of the job and it's not just when there's a huge deadline, because there always is. How do the hospitals get payed if people can't pay them? Do people go to jail because they had no money when they were about to die? This looks as efficient to hospitals as writing a bill to a rock or a tree The guy in the video said "software" at a rate of 10.3 per minute This is the easiest and best way I've ever found to draw electrical circuits. Oh my god. So much components. I'm shaking in happiness for all the time I won't have to waste trying to fight inkscape & friends. (Not even mentioning latex packages to do this) "sleek UX + great content/data = magic sauce for user stickiness and monetization." Even if it would make them stick around more, how would that monetize the site? Magically? He already has a big realm of possibilites for monetization. He just doesn't know what to choose. And you told him, hey you know what, you could get even MORE possibilities and then everything will solve itself and money and stuff. Reminiscent of the "2. ????" before "3. profit". When I saw the wall appear and get moved I instantly thought about some variation of a programmers pong of sorts. Or other games! Everything is out of stock I believe you, but I was gonna give them I try and apparently I can't! Who is forcing users to go to a website? I consider a website the same as someone's house. While I'm interacting with their server its obvious they'll want to know what I'm doing. Its tracking people outside of a website's scope that should be allowed only with consent, such as facebook tracking people when they go to sites with a like button and so on Sure, but I still need to know where you are and what you're doing in the "shop" to make sure you're not just making it crap for everyone else I agree with you, but just to point out what I believe the GPL people think about your point: If you're going to write non-GPL'ed code, they would prefer you wouldn't even write the code, Stallman has said this many times. I think they equate this to something along the lines of just creating more "prisons" and just because you have a bunch of "prisons" to choose where to spend your life, it doesn't make you more free http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymuqUJ3MsEs&t=3m12s Lots of people skip generations, or are simply on the lookout to finally get a smartphone. Samsung kinda has to play this game. I wonder how many freelancers there are on a site with no open registrations, and if that comes close to "all" of them. You'll have to do better to get my email address. "This forces Google to adjust all of its strategies to counter this threat. In so doing, Google must take its eye off the Android ball, allowing the Microsoft's Windows Phone and tablet initiative to catch up to Android." It seems like the author believes Google is a two person company which cannot compete on several fronts. I've been wondering for a while how long it would take for mass fake projects being created on kickstarter/indiegogo once these sites got more widely known. This project uses stolen pictures, but one could easily mock up random 3D scenes, make a cool video and walk away with 100k for two days work He doesn't believe in gifts. Yada yada, one of the two will die first and the other one will be at a disadvantage. I see the paid plans as a "support us" tier. You can do everything you want to mess around with the free plan. I really hope this keeps being optional because otherwise a lot of the authentic value of the videos will be lost. Also, the demo they showed looked like it was algorithmically deteriorated to make the change more noticeable. There's shaky hands and then there's parkinsons-level shaking which was what the demo showed... There's also more important applications for this, for example detecting common postures and grips on fallen asleep drivers or knives that know when their not being handled properly. Additionally a world of possibilities opens up for the blind and disabled if you can inform them of objects they are touching in a room. I find these applications (and surely many more I am not enumerating) much more appealing then controlling a phone, but alas, that's what sells. Lets hope the eye-candy stuff propels the technology so that the really useful stuff can be built at a lower price. I would use it if you didn't change the css, and didn't make share the rightmost link. Also, that "block this guy" popup is really pervasive when you're just roaming around with the mouse. Other than that, really nice work! Maybe its just me, I'm always moving the mouse around and selecting stuff while I read. Just so that this post isn't useless, the reason I complained about the css is that I think the light orange bg with black fg is easier on the eyes. I liked that you increased the titles' sizes but the rest of the links are still very small! I browse hn with 150% zoom full-time so having good sized titles and small sized other links or just really oversized everything is kinda crappy! Is that the place where they actually work? It looks like disney world. Honest question by the way Insults drive people who can't handle them away. By experience, those people will worry about meaningless things and make a fuss about nothing. Insults are a filter, just deal with it. If you don't like someone because they talk harshly just don't deal with them, you're free to do as you please. Soap operas on HN heh? As long as he is a law abiding citizen I don't see what business anyone has with what he does or where he lives. No Linux stats. That's too bad! I would really love to see how they would compare to mac and windows download counts. You will be wise to note that what people say to newspapers, or just generally, might not always be the truth. Pastéis de Belém, heh? Actually Amazon and Yahoo and others have much more impressive "after 3 years" returns Not one of the methods listed here would detract a decent scraper. Moreover you would either screw with your users or with SEO if you wanted to make this or that technique more aggressive. If your database has really great content it's not because some kid has copy of your website online that you'll lose users. Stackoverflow has been scraped to death and nobody goes to the other sites to check out answers. Do you really think a bunch of scrapers' time is more valuable then yours? I'm assuming that you have the ability to create this great piece of content that people want to have so I think your time would be better spent either creating more of said content or pursuing other endeavors other then making some kids waste an additional 15 minutes figuring out a way to solve an interesting puzzle. When I saw ipython for the first time I was really excited but now I realize I never actually use it. Any thoughts about why it isn't appreciated? Having read the original I'll have to say that my takeaway from this post is very similar to what I thought about the book. The overall sentiment and advice are great and extremely helpful but the specific examples are bad and should be taken with a grain of salt. The thing I've learned from the book is that your approach to life and social situations can be improved, but applying a "conversational algorithm" to real life will only make you come across as naive at best and a farce with no personality at worst. Don't show us a register box, show us the product right away. echo "1+2" | bc No need to go online for math. Unless that wasn't what you meant at all in which case, what did you mean? If people talk about the Chrome botnet I can only imagine what would be said of a facebook browser. Just for completeness sake: units '371633 hours' 'years' "Electrical engineers work with Kirchhoff’s Voltage and Current Laws, not the nightmare that is Maxwell’s Equations." I have a strong feeling you are not an electrical engineer. Not using Maxwell's equations is surely not one of them :) I never knew tutorials could be so fun. I really enjoy the fact that he is quick about it too, most screencasts usually are so slow that it is a pain to follow. The only thing I like about this is the fact that they "censored" out the email addresses at the bottom but you can still hover & click on them. :) Don't really get the theory behind changing the default stack size for threads. Feels like they did it just to be different which might get someone scratching their heads for a bit. "You can't test multiple sites on the same host using just the IP." I'm not getting what the problem is. Isn't this what ports are for? Or even just running the websites on different folders? It seems like when trading C for Go I'll be trading a few more lines of code for a bunch of black magic and a new syntax. Not sure if want. Hey, I've been doing some gigs in oDesk and when you're working on an hourly billed project it's quite safe. They have a piece of software you install that randomly takes print screens while you're working, and makes sure you're active by measuring keystrokes and mouse clicks. You also do daily reports and so the guy who is paying you basically knows everything that is going on. If things eventually don't check out they can appeal on the payments based on the activity and end result, but I have no experience with that. You are not paid based on these metrics, they are there so that the employer can have an idea of what's happening. I'm sure everyone will be very pleased when you deliver a project update on time even if you record 0 key strokes. Also, make proper use of graphics switching. I live with intel integrated graphics and won't even bother to try and switch to my ati because after about two weeks of searching forums when I got the laptop, I just gave up. This means, among other things, that I don't get to have webGL. Still, Linux all the way since everything else is awesome! Being able to accept the fact that we as individuals die, what is the thing that stop us from accepting that we as a civilization, and as a species will eventually cease to exist? The planet will still be here and there will surely be life left once conditions don't permit humans to survive, but even if it should be impossible for life to persist on Earth, so what? It's not like Nature and the Universe were made for us to eventually dominate and expand, they just exist and so do we, for a while. PS: Obviously I don't think we should just nuke everything because we're /eventually/ going to die, but I find the general fear and surprise at the fact that we as a species could cease to exist interesting. Like we're entitled to live forever because the Universe is ours or something. "How to circle people, how to perfect your profile, how to craft effective posts, how to comment, how to respond to comments, and how to share photographs." This warrants a book? Looks really good, I hope the rails beta goes smoothly because I would really love to have this for Django. Loved the demo! PS. Why not: on console focus-loss -> file browser auto refresh "They’ve surpassed their $25,000 goal so these things will definitely ship." Someone doesn't have a clue about how kickstarter works heh? There's absolutely no guarantee of this! Also, there seems to be one of these "sense the world" devices coming out on kickstarter each week, so one wonders why the first / second / third project like this didn't follow up and grabbed the market since there seems to be one (one successful funding after another). Is this a kickstarter trend? Just have the one funding round and stop? Kudos for the Disney soundtrack on the video I guess Underground cables have more expensive set up costs, lower lifetime, and higher maintenance costs. The price you pay for electricity doesn't even come close to justifying burying power lines. There's also the ecological stuff if you find that a reasonable argument. Bottom line, burying power cables just so you don't have to light a candle for a night isn't worth it. Not breaking the law: Public library, ask to use the computer while someone else is using it with the excuse for it just taking a minute. (If they have logs, its the guy's name) Breaking the law: Break into someone's house, use internet. This looks like a really good way to stop putting all your messy code into Controllers and start putting it into Operations. The problem with messy code or where it lives will not go away because you think about it differently, you just have to either hire better people or spend more time and money refactoring. If you can store values for a given time frame with such time frame higher than the delay of the circuit, why don't we just build a latch and extend the time frame indefinitely? Or are these diamonds only settable once, and then you have to build another one? I find it interesting that a feminist would rather invest her time studying social phenomenons involving videogames and legos in detriment of issues such as women being forced to marry their rapists or even killed because of them. Additionally, I'm not sure why she needs backing for this project. She clearly has a high quality camera and the means to produce high quality video footage, as presented in the kickstarter page. This brings back the doubts I always had about ToS's. How do you even know what is enforceable and by what laws. I can be in country A using a website by a company with headquarters in country B, making a request to a bunch of servers in countries C & D. What about putting silly things on ToS's like "you need to drop your pants while using the service" and similar? What about content on other websites? Do I need to comply to Facebook's terms if a website has an iframe with a like button? Declaring it has zero notability as far as cool hacks go is highly subjective. I for one think this is much cooler then the usual CRUD to-do list webapps we see around here so much. Hey there, I made this. I'm not good with words, I'll definitely give you that. What I tried to say on the page is that you can't/shouldn't (someone has since told me there could be a shady website that might try to charge a card with only a number - this seems unlikely because anyone can generate these as the algorithm is in the public domain but yeah) use these for anything because you just have a random number which happens to validate. You will need more in order to buy anything. I've learnt that the expiration date together with the number can be sufficient, but you usually need a 3 or 4 digit sequence as a confirmation code as well. As stated there (although as you said, poorly worded), the other use case by "normals" is for things like finding out how much it would cost to ship something from amazon before you actually want to buy etc. Thanks for the feedback! The most common example I know is calculating shipping prices on Amazon. Also much more expensive and not as easy to find though I'll clean it up and open-source it when I have a bit of time! I used your prefixes and based my code on yours for what I did, I've already put you in the footer, but heroku's git server is acting up, as soon as I can it'll be online with a link back to you! Same setup, works for me. I haven't followed any magic special steps though! Although I don't agree with this patent, or software patents generally, I think you're wrong. By using the coookies in a very specific way they are achieving something new. They aren't merely pushing a "set cookie" button. It is analogous to using standard electronic components in a new way to make a new circuit which has a particular purpose. You wouldn't call it "hey, they are just using resistors and capacitors, how is this an invention?" I could argue that there's much better programmers than you right now who could do whatever you want to do in less time and with less bugs. Just spend a small amount of money and get them to help you out. Trying to improve is never a bad thing! In Portugal most people have prepaid cellphones, you can get the same kinds (all the recent high end smartphones etc) as with a contract and most prepaid credit plans don't expire. As I understood it that's exactly what the camera is doing, and the morse code is just a helpful pattern with a known distance to make more precise measurements of ground speed. With no patterns one could think of a situation where the surface sand/terrain would be displaced but your actual position was exactly the same. Glad to see more legitimate uses of bitorrent which currently are basically getting new linux distros and the odd free indie movie. From the outside it kinda looks like New Zealand is just trying to make 'murrica happy on this one, so I'm not sure they would be so lucky elsewhere (ie not the UK/CAN/NZ) Avatars-as-a-service. Oh boy. I wonder where this will stop. I guess I'll fold when someone goes at profit-as-a-service. "Open source life for a year" scroll Macbook. In a perfect world the ads would be a small link right after the torrent title/name. The link would read "buy original" and would send you to a webpage with links to Amazon/Steam/other store where you would get to buy the original if you liked what you read/seen/heard/played. They could make some affiliate profit out of it too. Very interesting information regarding monetization strategies and several problems regarding theft and vandalism of a network of the same kind in Paris: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V%C3%A9lib "There's also a political aspect, because birthrates among Arabs in Israel have at times been as much as double those of Jews, triggering a population race that some believe could one day affect who controls the land." What problem is there in Arabs "controlling" the land? I guess in the end IBM would come into the room and shut everyone up. Working on Chrome 21.0.1180.79 on Ubuntu. Looks really cool too. Great demos! Well, its quite obvious isn't it? A holodeck. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holodeck This is just content locking with lipstick on, which was up until now among tactics such as cloaking and keyword stuffing, at least in my view. Hopefully they'll make it less scammy. If I could just do a 1min survey to access premium content that would be fine, but my fear is that I would have to go through 1min surveys for stuff that I now get for free. reproduce: Produce again. Produce a copy or representation of. Bad wording indeed. I would say advertising on previous apps, creating a facebook page and supporting users, strategic naming/branding, are all part of marketing, but still a good story. Maybe you meant to say outsourced paid marketing? "The frequency of working from home has been rising rapidly in the US" I don't understand why they even mention the USA. Do they try to extrapolate that USA workers would react the same way Chinese workers did? I'm don't know if they would but it is reasonable to fear that the very different cultural environment could affect results. Or not, we don't know. Hence my question. I guess they can only keep this up if they do it in small batches. Once you get like 5 million people listed the extortion party ends since http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVNjnyD38UA The laptops that I've so far had (acer, asus, fujitsu) could all be opened and a screw on each side could be tightened when they got too loose. So that's a tip you can use. Average Joe PC user is the guy that fills Apple's pockets. And Samsung's for that matter. Just to add something regarding MBNet, it is also now possible to create a virtual credit card for multiple transactions, I believe up to a year. But it will never go over whatever limit you set at the beginning. It's a great payment method indeed. This doesn't happen to me, but assuming you will never want to go to "www.hackernews.com" and that you will be able to update this record when/if the hn IP changes: sudo bash -c 'echo "174.132.225.106 www.hackernews.com" >> /etc/hosts' Down for me at least. Cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ahttps... My sennheiser ones have a small raised dot on the left one, similar to Braille. Works very well. I've heard a similar story about a guy who was drunk and pissed in a playground in the middle of the night. On the same note: Your life sucks a lot more than Zynga games. Oh. Ah, I've been building something like this for my own use in static sites. I use Django templating with variables loaded from a config file, thinking about supporting some sort of database for more complex sites. Also planning on compiling (less), combining and minifying css/js files automatically on file changes. Like a jekyll of my own on steroids. It's a cool little side project to have that you can add bits and bytes to when you need them. I use namecheap[1] for everything domain related and never had a problem. There's a no downtime migration guide here [3]. [1] (Affiliate) http://www.namecheap.com?aff=37912 [2] (Non-Affiliate) http://www.namecheap.com [3] http://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/... Keep working on inculcate.me and show them how it's done. The video did say you can have your ad display just in websites related to your own. You don't lack imagination, but I bet you didn't really try to think about what you could do. When you first dive into Linux, you learn that you have a thousand different simple commands. And you feel kinda lost. Then you start using them in ways their programmers never imagined. And you chain them with pipes and do some really cool shit. You do that because nobody told you what they were for, they just were. If it's not too much trouble I usually present their version and a modified one that I think it's better, if they feel their version is the way to go, I don't even blink, they're the ones paying. Regarding idea no. 2. You realize that putting electronics inside a microwave isn't as simple as that, right? http://i.imgur.com/OFEg9.gif In one of the rounds the attack was exactly that, payload inside a gif Not wanting to take the pill is classic cognitive dissonance. You want a good and lasting relationship forever but after you realize you'll never have it you come to terms that it isn't that great anyway because of this and that. Not sure why this is on HN though. Any half-witted programmer will realize this is boring boilerplate work as he is doing this for the first time. The second time he just runs his setup script and gets right to business. I'm not familiar with the OS X world but a while ago while checking out Jekyll's codebase I saw they used "directory_watcher" to do this. So that's an option as well. Just the title is wrong, on the website they say CakePHP One would think that if one was to renounce its citizenship, waiting for a predefined age set by whom you will be renouncing would be rather odd. Not the greatest of books, but indeed a classic among students here! So he takes two little kids to a country where he doesn't speak the language, with no directions, no confirmed place to stay, unreliable internet connectivity and somehow he isn't the one to blame? He is very goofy but exactly what I would expect from a rocket engineer doing tv hosting. Quirky but awesome! Doesn't sound artificial to me at all, but I'll agree he doesn't sound very comfortable doing it yet. Wow, they're going to land the ignition rockets in future launches! That's great and sounds like it would be cheaper than the NASA space shuttle. Can't even begin to imagine the amazing feedback control that'll go on in that thing. The things that bother me most when thinking about writing are the facts that while writing about myself I won't be writing about anything particularly exciting for anyone. If writing about another subject I won't be writing anything better than what you can already find on any given book written by an expert. So what does one write about? I try to fight this and I manage to write something once in a while, but I can't help but feel like I'm "cheating" the reader by wasting their time reading me. What is a good way to fight this feeling, other than forcing myself to post on a blog occasionally? That's kind of a contradiction. If you can't predict consumer behavior why would investors give money to experienced entrepreneurs? From their point of view, they would be better off giving money to someone naive so they would get a bigger cut for the same price, while getting the same odds on the "predict consumer behavior" front. > That’s $20 million per day ($830 million per year) How could they let that slip? Is there anything country specific on the phone? Seriously thinking about crossing the border to buy one. Would I have problems with the store or anything? This sounds like a scene from the movie "To Rome with Love" where this normal guy is followed around by reporters and he tells them how he likes to brush his teeth and exactly which kind of toast he ate in the morning. Not sure why it is interesting to know that Linus (or anybody else) is installing a piece of software to try it out. Perhaps a livestreaming site where people would go "Whoa, did you see the way he opened the browser" would have some popularity too! This is awesome, and really well done. The keyboard bindings are very handy. Would be great if it had older snapshots. We humans also need a habitat. Hey, another user here that would love to be able to just export parts of the circuit. I usually just use circuitlab for the rendering because SPICE is ugly and bloated and when in need of good looking schematics for reports circuitlab is great. Maybe have a tool that allows you to select just a part of the schematic like some print screen tools have when you just want to save a part of the screen, and export just that. I never experienced the crashes that the other poster talks about though. Thanks for a great product by the way! Cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Astore... If one were to read on this subject just as an outsider peeking in, what book would you advise? And I would recommend the original vehemently! You failed to provide the proof he asked for though. What he means is, assuming a majority of the paper production comes from managed woodland, making the destruction of habitats and so on a mute argument, how does that compare to having datacenters being built everywhere, and what is better? Never having liked the taste of coffee, I rarely drink it. I think the first time I had one was in a school field trip where everyone decided to pull our first all-nighter. Now I only use it when I need to finish something with a deadline and I can't possibly sleep to do it (this would be mitigated with better time management, but alas, this is how it is). Never having made an habit of it though, a single espresso (1 once) gives me the jitters, a slight disturbing feeling in my heart area and keeps me fully pumped up for about ~4 hours if I am falling asleep when I take it. I think this way of using it is much more valuable than "wasting" it by accustoming my body to a morning "pick-me-up" ritual. Bing is also in a long game for 3 years now, in web years that has got to be more, surely. Interestingly enough this website doesn't have: 1) Custom 404 page 2) robots.txt 3) PICS label 4) viewport meta-tag 5) Google Rich Snippets 6) Fails the recommended CSS validator In Portugal my bank has a system which works very similarly to iDEAL from what I saw in the site. It's very rarely used. The system that most people use is a different one on which you create a virtual credit card for some given amount and use those credentials when paying. It's much cleaner, it ties with your personal bank account, and you don't need to actually own a credit card or pay fees. As soon as the payment is processed the card gets invalidated and no further charges can be made. Pretty sweet. It's a milestone. It represents the success of the platform and reaffirms the strong community and large userbase.