I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them. If it's the case that we are currently a part of a simulation then we can assume those above use are part of a simulation too and eventually we will create a simulation below us and it's turtles all the way down....and up. Great acquisition by MongoDB. Addressing the shortcomings and fixing them like this is really smart. It's great that MongoDB spent the last year and a half improving the codebase and I expect to see great features in the coming years. The story has just begun with those guys I think and as they get more and more adoption in the enterprise arena (as the DB improves) it will become a standard DB across all lines of business. I know they aren't the most popular thing around here but they are insanely popular and it's great to see the product improving. How do I add and remove capacity then? This is exactly right. I can't believe how snide and ignorant a few of the commenters are (except I can because it's the same folks with the same FUD every time). MongoDB isn't standing still and it is getting better and better with every release. Not to mention there are 100's of massive projects running on MongoDB with success. Something about MongoDB really drives the Postgres community (and certain NoSQL DB fans) nuts and I'm guessing it's that MongoDB is eating their lunch, growing faster than them, is gaining popularity faster, etc. Keep in mind MongoDB is many years younger too and is maturing more quickly now. Plus, developers absolutely love working with it. It's a tool like any other and still has issues but I'm afraid some here are dancing on its grave well before it has even shown signs of letting up on its growth. That is entirely wrong. It might suit your use case (having a bunch of monkeys running around fixing a hack job) but I'd rather use a tool which can expand and reduce capacity when I want, which is quite often. It saves me money on cloud hosting to only provision what I need when I need it and be able to expand and contract it at will, easily. Your solution fails at this. It depends on what you consider "acceptable HA". There are many instances where I'm not trying to protect from a network partition (single data center, monitored batch data loads, etc) and don't have a requirement for that level of tolerance. However, you're right in that it's important to know that nearly every distributed system has edge cases where things might not appear as you thought. Elasticsearch has a section on their Website detailing their resiliency efforts. I wish every company was as transparent about what they're doing on that front so we can all plan and consider expectations better. Another great rye you might try is "Rittenhouse Rye 100". It's great neat or with a splash of water/1 cube or in an Old Fashioned (I always use rye in my old fashioned's). Does this mean that if I apply this algorithm and that 2 or more time series data sets are still similar that they are in fact correlated? I find this test fascinating. You missed the point. This has to do with "time series data" which means time is the same among all the data sets. Because you know this you should remove it to test for similarity. You could apply this to any automatic variable in your domain but time & change is very obviously a typical common variable for many data sets. That's right. Sort of like factoring out common variables/values in algebra I'd say. Time series is the "easy case" but I suspect identifying less obvious commons is the real art of it all. I think time - then you're left with data. If when removing this they still have the same shape they do in fact correlate. I'd be curious to see the results of that experiment to be sure. I believe the beauty is you're using time (x and x-1) to preserve the change from sample to sample but remove the time influence that broadly affects all and distorts the subtle differences that may in fact not be related. It only matters if the commonality is far more influential and unimportant than the unique but import parts. That's mainly correct. Or they used for it something it simply isn't suitable for. You can't just throw random data into it and expect it to work. Proper document modeling and understanding write concern solve almost all the problems people have with MongoDB. It still has a ways to go but so many of the comments here are issues from way back in v2.0. Regardless, it's still very popular and only gaining popularity. And improving. That's the point so many here fail to address. Lots of businesses are using MongoDB at large scale (2PB clusters) and willing to talk about it too. MongoDB gets a bad rep, some of it their own fault for sure, but it's not as lousy as some people here make it out to be. Careful object modeling goes a long ways. Wired Tiger will be a massive improvement on their current storage engine, which is pretty awful for write-heavy loads to be sure. Problem is where it is branched. I don't think they will be able to keep up well. Plus, the new MongoDB storage engine (wire tiger) takes care of its biggest issue which Toku addresses. Plus, I think you'll be able to just buy Toku's storage engine if you want it when they make it pluggable with the new MonogDB storage engine API. The .com is the corporation behind MongoDB. .org is the open source project. Yes, they are intertwined heavily at this point (but it wasn't always this case back in the day) but I can understand why they try and keep their separation of concerns here. You've always been able to control this with write concern on a per-write basis. If you can handle an instance where and acknowledged write may not get replicated and possibly lost (logging use case - fast writes) then use that level of write concern. If you require extreme durability (slower writes but more durable) then use that level. In many applications you have both requirements and MongoDB lets you choose at write time the level of durability you want. It has always had atomic operation per-document. So, if you're able to model transactional things in a single document, you've been able to use those semantics. And as documents can be quite complex there are many use cases where it is possible and even desirable. However, MongoDB can not guarantee any operation that affects multiple documents will affect them all - if there was a failure after some documents were updated there is no rollback. However, between atomic single-document updates and the ease of implementing optimistic locking patterns, you still have options. Multi-document locking and transactions over a cluster of numerous shards is difficult. This is one reason why distributing documents is easier than rows of data. I'm not even sure they will ever have distributed transactions (using a 2-phase commit) because of how slow they are. However, single shard transactions should be easy to implement. But it will be use-case specific I imagine - you'd have to lock by shard-key to guarantee related documents are on the same shard I gather. It allows you to get started amazingly fast and has great client support. You don't have to think much about the DB side of things - just throw data into it. It's also where people get into trouble. After they've done this and built their MVP they don't go back and rethink their data decisions. Then scale issues occur, among other things. But it's also very easy to change your schema while iterating to serve your use cases better. But it's up to the users to change things and to learn which types of patterns scale better and to actually learn how to use the database to their advantage after gaining some experience. Learning how to model documents effectively is rather important. What else did your config have? Did you use RAID on your HD's? How much RAM did you have? What types of CPU's and how many? Were you updating documents often or writing new ones? Did you have compound indexes built properly? What was your latency requirements? Was MongoDB able to saturate your resources? Did you read off of secondaries at all? Did you shard your DB and if so what was your shard key? Was it random? Could you use it for reads too? How much of your data set did you need to possibly use at any given time? If you had to "upgrade to SSD's" at 100GB you either had amazingly poor provisions, were doing most everything wrong or both. Messages like yours indicate to me a poor user - not a poor database. He was using v2.0 in that article. A version that is years old and pretty awful. The default then was that a write was fired from the client and that's it - fire and forget. A stupid default. The default since is to get an ack from the server. You can control this on each write and make it more durable (make sure it is replicated to 1, majority or all replicas) or faster (just get to the server). The default is to be written to the primary server and put into the transaction log so if it doesn't get committed to disk (possibly 60 seconds by default) it can recover. The transaction log is flushed (fsync) every 100ms by default and is configurable. You can also specify that the write is only acknowledged after the transaction log is synced. Anyways the default is it is put into the transaction log and then acknowledged. Fair enough and you're right, the storage system is awful. Switching to Wiredtiger was smart by them and something like that should have been done far in advance. The problem with updates in MonogDB is that they are inline and flushed to the filesystem that way. So if you have documents which are growing then the old ones have to be 0'd out and a new one written, which results in a ton of wasted space and an unbelievable amount of thrashing. As you saw, ridiculous amounts of IO time and even with SSD's you get pretty bad SSD wear on your disks. There's ways around this by pre-padding documents or using buckets if you are pushing into arrays but I can see why you didn't bother. Also, the write lock back then was system level - yikes. Around 2011 MonogDB was incredibly awful. I will say it has improved manifold since then. I'd make sure you use the new storage engine, wiredtiger too if you give them another shot. The standard one works well on read heavy use cases but saturates I/O pretty quickly if you're doing a lot of updates that make documents grow if you don't take some precautions. I also agree, having a setting of "fire and forget", although useful in some (limited!) use cases, is not a sane default. If your company goes public and you have valuable equity but face a lockup of 6 months you can still "lock in" some price...if your company gets publicly traded options that is. Sell calls at the price you want to sell for the month that the lockup expires. If your shares get called away you got the price you wanted and some premium. However, you miss out on a huge gain if it goes far beyond your call level. Also, if the stock tanks in that time you keep your now less valuable shares but you got some premium. So, after selling calls you can take that money you made from the premium and buy puts with it at around the same price. You've created a spread here and have locked in a selling price and gave yourself some downside insurance - all for very little cost to you over all since the covered call premium paid for most, if not all of your puts. Your only risk now is that the stock goes through the roof and you miss out on some upside - but that makes sense as you've eliminated risk for very little out of pocket cost. So maybe you do this on 1/2 or 2/3 of your position or whatever you're comfortable with. Of course the difficulty is if you have a ton of stock and the option market for your company isn't very large and therefore illiquid. Indeed about the put/call parity. Or, you simply buy puts at a different strike and take on some risk. But yeah, you'll probably spend some money to "lock up" this deal. And you're right, options generally take some time to begin trading - especially if the volume is low on the common stock anyhow. Another method if you can is simply short the stock as soon as you like the price. Then replace the stock when your stock is freed up. Naturally this requires margin and problem that you could get margin called if the stock goes through the roof! Hedge with calls then that are way out of the money then too. Also, there's the issue of shorting your own company! Thanks for information - I wasn't aware this applied to non-insiders or ex-employees too for derivatives that expire after the lock-up. I guess no amount of financial engineering can unscrew the little guy. :) BTW, love your company and use it often, thank you! I agree with this. Use it at as an opportunity to say pleasant things about the company and people you worked with, considering you're leaving because you found a new job and not because you were harassed, etc. You will probably run into some of these people again or they will know people you use to work with at such-and-such company. Often when you want to reindex you want to reindex a lot of data - quickly. You don't want to use your same hardware, possibly. So what you do if you're in AWS, for instance, is take your data mounts and mount them to an extremely high powered set of instances. Then, reindex with the new mappings. Then, move your mounts back to your smaller instances. You save money and can do a reindex very quickly. A basic "reindex" command would be a cool feature though. I feel like as an art piece, "Magic" is sort of the distillation and abstraction of everything that has happened with the Internet over the last 20 years - especially lately. "Send a blackbox a message and you get something - on demand!" That's art. Or it's an incredibly sad state of affairs with what qualifies as "technology" and is a horrible commentary on modern societies values. Or a reflection of it - imitating it I suppose. "Magic" & "Yo" - The future is bright. I'm not sure. That's the job of art to reflect upon our culture to let people judge for themselves. I find it brilliant, disgusting, tempting and shocking all at once. I'm not sure if it's a civilization in decline and on the eve of revolution or if it's a beautiful thing. You don't get an emotional response from just saying "Pizza" and a price comes back and you reply with a "Yes/No" and then it arrives? Where is the service that says "Pizza" and "Yes/No" for me? Clearly that's the only place the form can go. I guess it's the infantilization of society? I'm not sure that much thought has been put into this. Should probably work out the CEO/CTO titles first, figure out where to get funding for this clearly multi-billion dollar opportunity and begin to plan the exit immediately. "Lady luck please let the dice stay hot..." "Why is buying flour okay, or dealing with the details of ordering pizza yourself okay, but handing off the last little bit of the pizza ordering is reflective of decay?" I think it has to do with the fact that you surrendered choice in where this pizza comes from. You have no agency in the quality, labor conditions, ingredients, etc of the pizza. You have reduced your "freedom OF choice" to "freedom FROM choice". Devo was right. As I mentioned in another post I'm not really dismissive (not entirely - but skeptical for sure) and I agree with you - who is to say that our assumptions based on old models were right? Part of our identity and love of capitalism is shopping as entertainment. We love advertising and responding to brands that we identify with. What if this is all a lie, as you imply? I just find it all very interesting. Freedom of choice was the old way. Freedom from choice could be the new way? I was sort of thinking the opposite here is more interesting. I just want to text to a blackbox: "FOOD" And a short time later food (possibly Soylent to keep the baby food aesthetic right) shows up. If I can do this while wearing a VR mask showing a strange new world with bigger people that talk, even better. I want to be an infant again. Maybe they can add a feature where it can hear me shriek out and automate this process. In your scenario the UX may be broken since Seamless can do this much faster I think? Good article in many ways but what I always feel like these commentaries miss is that many of us came from working class backgrounds and put ourselves into the middle classes. And we still identify with the working class and that it isn't a fetish but rather our roots. Say what you will about Western society but it does provide many opportunities for a working class kid to take agency and move themselves into the middle classes while still identifying with their upbringing too. I can afford nice things now, and I treat myself from time to time, but I (and many others I assume) haven't abandoned the things I grew up on either. That's a good point about Montezuma's Revenge, and similar games. Very rarely does a greedy algorithm help you in that game unlike in a breakout style game where you simply want to acquire as many points as quickly as possible. You own more than 5% of the company? With that stake you should be on the board if you exercised the options. There's only 20 5% owners in any company. Well, you have the right to exercise those options and then they become stock and you have a stake in the company. The nice part of it being an option is it grants you the right to invest in the company at a static price if you choose. And you choose to do this when the company is doing very well. There are no "farms" in NYC. They ship it do a garden in Red Hook. And let us hope this apparent "farm" doesn't use the polluted soil of that region. I've seen enthusiastic people growing vegetables in open fields in Williamsburg. That is a super fund site! Farming is hard, thankless work that entails high risk. What they do in Brooklyn is not farming. It is gardening. The Ops Manager tool does a lot of tasks for you automatically now. Upgrading, taking backups, recovery and deploying new servers into a new or existing cluster. These were the types of tasks that were a pain to do manually and even using config management/scripts, wasn't always easy to do. I don't know where they get the 95% number from, but Ops Manager tool does make operating MongoDB many times easier. It's a garden built on top of an old playground. Vegetables grown in NYC don't taste good either, unless you enjoy the taste of exhaust pipes and other local air pollutions. I'll add that what you guys do is awesome and great for the community. But I still refuse to eat food grown in NYC. This doesn't even make sense. So, if the kids in the back are playing games and the providers pay more to have access than the cars networked safety feature - we're in a worse off place. Also, I'm not so sure there are any issues with capacity and more is being added daily. Capacity for networked devices is not like making capacity for ambulances (not his analogy but essentially his point) and firetrucks. The second a government or any entity starts to decide what is first class, second class and n-class information and thus priority, the internet goes from a place of equality and freedom to a fascist place controlled by those who have dominion. You forget about taxes. By the time of exit the fair market value of the stock likely greatly exceeds option grant strikes to founders creating a massive tax liability in the form of capital gains. Likely in the hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars range. Yes that's an option if they planned well. But there still may be spread. Producing real goods leads to small margins. Materials, manufacturing and transporting are not cheap to do. Technology companies enjoy high valuations based on their generally very high margins. I hear you and I have been a fan of Go for awhile. But, it hasn't really done anything new, especially in regards to programming language theory over the last 30 odd years. It feels like another "developers, developers, developers" play and when you see ultra modern languages like Rust, you sort of get the feeling Go is half baked and without purpose. I'm a bit curious too - he seems to hate the idea a programming language thinks the developer is an idiot. Rust, for how perfect it really is, treats developers as humans. You must be smart if you can use it - but it doesn't trust you to have any idea what's really going on when a program gets large. This is a good thing IMO. Honestly, anyone who thinks Rust is trash is just wrong. I can get the argument that there just will never be enough people who can use Rust but having learned Go and then Rust - I have to say Rust is the most well designed programming language ever. I can't believe what's in it and it's far and away the most advanced programming language ever. It's hard to compile but when it does you have a good chance it's right. After using Rust I see no reason why C++ should exist any longer. Maybe in really limited embedded systems. Rust is so unbelievably safe to use in complex, efficient systems. Rust is, IMO, the state of the art in programming languages. Once you put the few months into actually getting OK at it you can write really great code, really fast and not be stuck with burdens since the compiler makes you write code that will work. I like Go and was seduced by channels and go routines. But, I found time to learn Rust (still learning really - Rust is an epic and amazingly rewarding to learn!) and have to admit Rust is far and away the most modern, state of the art and most important programming language of our time. Go compiles easily (pay for it later!) and is sponsored by Big-G. Rust doesn't compile easily but when it does there's a lot of guarantees. And, it does concurrency just as well. Apples to oranges really though. After picking up Rust I feel like Go just offers nothing. Why not use Java or .Net instead of Go? Highly unlikely Go will be more performant than the JVM. Want something less safe and easier to write in, why not use Python, etc? You can't write real time systems in Go and you never will be able to. You probably shouldn't write "systems" programs in Go. Go has a couple built-in features that other languages can and will get with library addition. Go is a 1-trick pony I feel sometimes. It's an "in thing" that doesn't serve much of a purpose overall I feel. It looks like C but lets face it, it's nothing like it in terms of performance and never will be. It isn't a replacement for C. Is it Google looking at the same strategy as Sun/Oracle and Microsoft? Who knows. But, after using it for awhile and letting the glimmer fade, it feels like a regression. Developers, developers, developers! The funny thing is, this is the first time I remember everyone speculating on if we are in a bubble or not. Once bitten, twice shy I suppose. But, I also think that although there is a lot of optimism a lot of it rightfully there. Technology has been creating a revolution in communication, media, entertainment and just about every other industry. The internet finally arrived for the masses in the mid-2000's followed by the smart phone revolution followed by tablets and smart devices. There's simply a lot of opportunity out there. I don't think we are in a bubble so much as in the middle of a rare technological revolution. So many things are happening at once between computer systems becoming so powerful and networks becoming so large and fast, etc. Old industries are dying while new, more profitable companies take over. I think that's an important thing though. Rust doesn't need to have concurrency built into the language like Go. With Go you are using their version of concurrency. With Rust, you can use the standard libraries or find another library that suits your purpose. So although Go does indeed have a well designed thread scheduler - I may discover after months of development on a project it isn't the thread system I need after all and now I'm stuck with a bunch of code I can't use. Rust in general is far more underdeveloped than everything you mentioned and yes, right now, Go is probably a better choice - maybe. So many cities/regions in the USA are simply broken by design in terms of having central business locations and urban sprawl living locations. Too many cities optimized around the highway which let greedy developers and poor urban planners dictate the present conditions of impossible congestion and the inability to have an effective mass transit system due to lack of population density. Simply put, that model doesn't scale and we are now seeing it affect more and more cities. Not to mention that urban sprawl is expensive to maintain in terms of roads, highways, sewers and utilities being consumed by people living so far apart and in low density areas. I propose we begin building planned cities focused on population density and mass transit that people actually want to use. Build up, not out. Share spaces like parks and have lots of little ones. Essentially, inherit from NYC where you don't have to, or even want to, own a car. I remember anxiously playing Mc Donald's flexi on my sisters Fisher Price record player. And then realizing, after we lost, it was just a crummy advertisement. Cynicism in me was born. That is based on a pre-2.0 version of MongoDB. The changes and vast improvements from that time to now are huge. MongoDB probably got a bit ahead of itself too fast - it wasn't mature and took a lot of development shortcuts to get features out fast and people started using it like a mature datastore too fast - and the company behind it didn't help either. But, without a doubt there have been vast improvements across the board and I give them credit for spending the last year and a half not adding many new features but rebuilding the codebase, making it extendable (pluggable storage engines is a cool thing) and addressing numerous issues. It still has some issues (b-trees aren't the best implementation imo) but the codebase is in a state where I expect over the next few years it will be quite reliable. The tooling around MongoDB has gotten better too. There's still a ton of ways to shoot yourself in the foot too but the defaults are more sensible I think now than then. What they got right is the clients are awesome and the query language is powerful - especially updates. This matters for a lot of people - it isn't just a drag race always in terms of performance. Now, with increased reliability it's becoming something usable for some use cases. If you've been looking to place bets on early stage companies that can boom or bust - often for little to no reason other than trending with the sector, biotech in the public markets has been the place to be the last few years. It very much is resembling the .com boom in internet related technology. RNAi has had some great moments the last few years in particular, and some spectacular busts and more great moments, for instance. But the public biotech sector as a whole has essentially been 1 big casino in the public markets. Even the ETF's are up a few hundred percent the last couple years. I believe there's one more huge parabolic move before it tumbles - we'll see. Anyways, my point is we like to focus on the VC bubble in technology but the real "frenzy" has been in biotech IPO's and early/mid stage clinical companies even though private equity technology gets all the bubble press. The doc's, and more specifically the tutorials, can be a bit stale. If you're referencing the one I think you are (building the number guessing game) it's old. I'm sure it will be updated eventually. [1] One of the hardest things about learning Rust right now is that because it is not 1.0, lots of the tutorials, sample code and 3rd-party documentation is outdated - or parts of it are. Learning Rust "the right way" will certainly get easier after 1.0 is finally out and reliable/stable the tutorials, code bases and doc's will follow. [1] I just checked and it is in fact updated. Indeed. So many times over the last few months things just suddenly broke. I understand and all but it will be nice to see some stability. I really feel the community, which is already awesome, will start to build new things at a rapid pace. Indeed, and a vast majority of early stage biotech's will simply contribute nothing. But then you get a story like Pharmasset which made any semi-early investor realize unbelievable gains in a very short period. But these stories are rare and it's pure speculation and the playing of market dynamics. But yes, it is expensive research and although these companies have been able to find funding in the public markets due to a healthy appetite of risk for these types of things, I fear that when this obvious bubble bursts it will be very hard to find funding and a lot of research will simply run out of runway. RNAi had a hot streak years ago and then had "dark ages" for quote a few years before it suddenly got hot again. And really the entire sector has been on fire. But I expect reality to take over soon and biotech will have some dark days ahead of it. But for now, the casino chugs along. Yeah, there's no way they will be able to easily merge into all the changes that have happened since MongoB 2.6 and now 3.0. They're pretty far behind. 2.6 introduced a lot of refactoring (and therefore broke a lot of things) and 3.0 broke even more I can only assume. However, I believe they could sell their storage engine as MongoDB exposes a storage engine API now. Then again, I don't know why anyone would buy it now. MongoDB has done a decent job of patching things up and I guess TokuMK just isn't as interesting as it was before. It's not a sandwich as it isn't made with some form of bread. At least according to the criteria the article uses - which I agree with. Exactly right. Who would ever tell a prospective employer what they are really making? I'd agree you should tell them a number close to what you expect to make if you switch companies. You'll possibly get an offer that exceeds you original goals. It's important to go into these things prepared and well researched. Until the API's begin to diverge - which will happen. Are you kidding me? This is a very common requirement and one of the reasons larger institutions are building out their own clouds. It's not a requirement for everyone of course, but it's certainly a common theme. But first they will need to offer a few more things: -Ability to set limits and stop losses -Ability to use margin -Ability to buy and sell call and put options -Ability to trade after hours -Ability to short (likely comes with margin) -Ability to set trailing losses -A better UI -Ability to analyze trades and examine bid/ask spreads I used Robin Hood a few months back and possibly it has gotten better and I'm sure the overall experience will get better. But since that experiment I cashed out of that account and just use my online brokerage account. I do look forward to a better experience down the road. Excellent. Might put some money back in it and try it out again. First rule of Portland: You don't tell people how nice Portland is. This is known as a "Greenshoe Option". It got the name from a company called "Green Shoe Manufacturing" which was the first company to allow this practice. I remember when Workday (WDAY) had its expiration coming up and there was a lot of speculation the stock would tank that day. The float was pretty small before the lockup and the thought was because of this the price was very inflated. It went down the first 10 minutes of trading but shot right back up as large buyers were waiting to see the price action that day and bought it up. The stock is up 75% or so since the lockup 2 years later. If it were as easy as shorting IPO's (or going long PUTS) near lockup, I'd be a billionaire. As you've pointed out - it's impossible to know what will happen, if anything (making a spread unplayable too) when the lockup expires. Good luck finding an underwriter willing to do that if you're not a company like Google. In my experience just now I think the "old system" and "new system" makes sense. After reading the problem my initial reaction was "8 & Blue". I thought about it for a couple seconds and immediately realized it would be "8 and Green", which was the correct answer. After taking a second to reason about the problem, the answer came and made sense. I guess that's why it's always good to take a second to choose your words, etc in day to day life? I'll never forget when Apple introduced iTunes (before the iPod) with the tagline "Rip, Mix and Burn". Classic Steve Jobs direct assault at an industry his company was about to take over. Looking back, seeing how the iPod was under development at this time puts the entire strategy together. Apple wasn't the first company to let you rip music, share it and burn CD's, etc but they were the one's who made it accessible to everyone with a seamless, fully integrated user experience. Users ripped all of their and their friends music, got used to the MP3 format and then the ease of buying MP3's from Apples store with iPod integration. Well, I believe the reason is because it is against the law. On a side note, I do think if a heroin dealer gave away a clean needle, that would be commendable. If you are willing to consider murdering your business competition, you are probably a sociopath. Indeed. I looked weird on my college campus with a Mac. However, after the iPod the idea of using a Mac became more acceptable I saw a lot more of them. Now they are ubiquitous - something I would not have imagined 15 years ago. Definitely. Some of my friends had an apartment together in college and they had a tower connected to their TV and stereo with 1000's of songs on it. This was 1999 and was a pretty impressive idea I soon aped. Needless to say, small parties, LAN parties and get-togethers at my college apartment (really a huge place with 5 bedrooms, 2 living rooms) were awesome for the time. Yes - every shop/restaurant/store/etc I went into used them -from low end to high end. They are ubiquitous in Japan. It took a minute to get used to it as I'm used to handing money to people in the USA. I found some of the people I exchanged with would hand me the money back, hand-to-hand even though I used a tray. It doesn't end there - business cards, receipts and numerous other things have a very specific way of being exchanged that were different to me. But all very cool and novel for me. Definitely worth reading up on some of the basic customs if you travel there. There was a high tolerance for foreigners not knowing how to do things the "proper way" but it's always good to at least learn a bit and try. I'm happy to hear the culture at your company has improved but I don't know if Microsoft is considered "cool" - or whatever that means. Anyone who has been around long enough (and not really that long all things considered) knows better than to ever trust Microsoft. Their whole model has been, and always will be: "Embrace, extend, extinguish". So Microsoft is opening some things up? They've had no choice as they are being left behind more and more. They know the modern developer is not as interested in an expensive IDE and MSDN account when there are many alternatives. We are creating so much more software than before and the top down model Microsoft sold has become niche after many years of dominance. Any open project Microsoft gets involved in and any open standard they get involved in should come with a warning label. Why? Because this is in their DNA. You can't just tear down some 4-story building and put up sky scrappers. There is a maximum density capacity that a lot of Manhattan already exceeds. The trains, sewers and electrical requirements need to be thought of too. Especially the trains which are already way over capacity. Look at what has happened in Williamsburg and the L-train. As more and more warehouses have been converted into apartments and new condo's have gone up, the L-train has become awful for large parts of the day. And the train runs as often as possible during those times. I'm not saying you can't do these things but I do think other things need to be considered. I don't think that's entirely true. Almost every new building has to have 20% of the capacity rented to "Affordable living" standards - far below market rate. We've already seen many isolated corrections in the public market over the last few years. 3D printing has corrected in a massive way. Biotech had a big correction a bit over a year ago, however it has recovered and continues to rally. Solar suffered a correction recently and many small to mid-cap technology companies had a correction about 1.5 years ago too. Apple even saw an isolated correction a couple years ago. That is one reason I believe the public markets are in fact healthy. Sectors have been allowed to correct on their own instead of everything just failing in a systemic way. http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs13.pdf I think there's a very good argument for Uber having to treat the drivers as employees. They are dependent on Uber and Uber sets the amount they will earn. They would more likely be contractors if the drivers set their own rates and Uber would choose who they wanted to drive. Doesn't Uber also try to restrict who they can drive for too? Additionally, Uber's business relies entirely on the labor of the drivers. Uber also supervises the employees in-part by the rating system. In terms of buying their own equipment - this is not an uncommon thing in many trades. Mechanics have to buy their own tools. Many machinists buy their own tools. Truth is there is a lot of gray area here but I can see interpretation both ways. I do hope the drivers in California take this opportunity to organize as quickly as possible and begin collective bargaining with Uber. I'd set Uber's value at less than one billion if this happened. Exactly. Independent contractors set their own pricing. If Uber would allow the drivers to set their rates and then "hire" who they felt was best for them (and then markup the price to the customer for their own profit) only then would the drivers be in control of payment. This is how every other independent contractor works. Just throwing a hypothetical out there. What if this sticks and the drivers decide to organize with a union and collectively bargain a living wage, benefits, etc? What would be the value of Uber (and related businesses)? Would it stay in business even? How many VC's would lose fortunes over Uber going nearly to 0? Would this be the popping of what some suspect is a private equity bubble as the effects of this ripple throughout? Regardless, it would be a very different business with a very different valuation. I don't believe self driving cars will be practical in the next 10 years. Not at the level Uber would benefit. I don't understand why self driving cars are good for Uber. Uber is successful right now due to he network effect of their drivers. Once self driving cars are a reality you will see numerous offers for this service with all of them racing to the bottom. Bigger fish like Apple and Google would be able to siege them and starve them out as pricing races to the bottom. Uber is valuable because of their drivers, not despite their drivers. In the age of self driving cars - Uber won't be able to compete. Uber won't be able to compete in the age of automated drivers. Uber is successful because of their drivers, not despite them. The network effect of having the most drivers lets Uber maintain its dominance in the market. Autos as a Service will be a race to the bottom and there will be a smaller gateway to entry than there is now. Uber is a bad investment. Transport automation is indeed coming. This is even worse for Uber as their main asset right now is their network of drivers. When transport automation is mainstream (still pretty far away) these services will create a race to the bottom as the barrier to entry is very low. Bigger wallets than Uber can price them out. It's still a race to the bottom. Competitors will compete on price (the only thing that really matters at that point) and those with larger wallets or who manufacturer the automated cars (or likely both) will be able to out-price them. That won't be static in the age automated vehicles. Vehicles will be networked and this dynamic will change constantly. Uber's ride data is useless at that point. You may have to pay PMI if you don't have 20% equity. This can cost you a lot of money over time - especially if it will take you years to get 20% equity. And it likely will take you a long time due to the fact that mortgages are structured such that you're mainly paying interest on the loan the first few years creating nearly no equity. So if you buy a house with 10% down if may take you many years to get to 20% equity while paying PMI all the while. And exposing yourself to more foreclosure risk. If you don't have 150k (plus another 50k for buffer) liquid then you probably can't afford the 750k home and look for something cheaper or continue to rent and invest the difference between rent and mortgage to possibly stay ahead of the property values of your area. However, YMMV. Indeed - but now you are a speculator. There is no guarantee that the value will go up, that you will be able to refinance, that your credit will be any good then, that you will even have a job among a myriad of other things. I don't believe the typical person should take on that type of incredible risk. Uber does give you the ability to choose higher quality if you'd like. An UberX is a low quality ride by a likely inexperienced driver with the benefit that it is cheap. An Uber Black gives you a nicer car with a very likely (but not necessarily, but in my experience they are professional private limo drivers) experienced driver. I agree on our societies approach to "value" only relating to cost at the expense of quality - but that's a different topic all together. This is why the over regulated environment you probably loathe exists. Businesses are simply not able to self-regulate due to their greed and lack of social empathy and therefore the will of the people (government) have to regulate them - possibly into non-existence. You will be the victim of your own hubris when the populist majority brings the pitchforks and sucks you dry. And you should know better - the government mainly exists to subsidize outsized risks and ventures by those with influence - the wealthy. With that - you are trying to destory the existing banking structure so more power to you. When they clear their shelves of all the soda, sugary and corn based snacks and fake medications (homeopathic garbage) then I'll begin to take their concern for health seriously. Obesity and diabetes is a far greater health risk than cigarettes. Cigarettes are awful for many reasons and they smell bad but corn and HFCS based foods make sick and kill a lot more people (and cost society much more!) than cigarettes. It's no wonder than countries with high rates of smoking (France, Japan) who have diets that lack all the garbage the CVS's of the world peddle have some of the highest life expectancies. Smokers are just an easy, minority target to vilify and it needs to stop. There's no guarantee they are going to finish that project either! I certainly hope they do as that are of Manhattan desperately needs another line. The time and costs though - it makes you wonder how we used to be able to build things and now we can't so easily. This is why you don't test in production. With any "all you can eat" scenario - especially high valued ones, it may be best to cap the number of participants so you can at least observe their behavior and cap your risk. It would also help with price discovery so you can truly calculate the value you are offering and price accordingly. This was voted down and is something of an inflammatory comment but there's truth to it. You see it throughout the Valley and the entire Bay Area. It's why there is little density in the Valley in my opinion, why the public transit isn't very good among other things. I'm afraid it's hard to change. People who paid so much for their Valley homes certainly do not like the idea of the supply dramatically increasing and their pleasant, small communities becoming drastically urbanized. And I understand that. But the progressive nature of this area has always seemed face value to me as an outsider who travels to this region often. It's incredibly nice here but I believe it is time to begin building lots of high rises (scaled for quakes) in some city near SF and urbanizing areas while creating mix zoned housing and commercial similar to what you'd see in NYC. It's time for an experiment like that in the Valley somewhere. Capital gains taxes. When the "fair market value" of the company increases away from your strike price, when you exercise your options you have to pay tax on the difference between your strike price and the fair market value. And it will be a short term capital gain so it isn't cheap. If those .20 options of your have a fair market value of 5.00 now, you will owe tax on 4.80 of capital gains. 4.80 * 100,000 is 480,000.00 and a tax rate of about 40% on that means you will owe $192,000.00 in taxes to exercises $20,000.00 in options. So you will need around $210,000.00 to get out. And even after that you're holding a non-liquid asset which could be diluted to nothing or the company could simply fail and you can't dump the stock. Honestly, that would be a great place to start. Build lots of streets with high rises with light rail and commercial and residential stacked. With a location near Palo Alto/Stanford and the region I would bet it becomes unbelievably high in demand. Obviously this could never happen there! Compound interest accumulation, over a long enough period of time has historically ended in blood & ashes and redistribution. 3D Systems stock (DDD) over the last 3.5 years has been a classic example of a bubble. A case studio, really. It has been amazing and educational following this stock the last 4 or so years. Hence the need and desire for approximation algorithms. Often, you can give up a tiny amount of precision in exchange for dramatically increased performance - if you can make an assumption. For instance, computing cardinality of a value over a huge dataset (distributed or otherwise) that is assumed to be evenly distributed would take memory proportional to the size of the dataset for 100% precision. Implementing a cardinality approximation algorithm like HyperLogLog++ lets you get a pretty close to accurate result for this calculation but with far fewer resources. There are many others and I think it is important to consider this trade off when it is appropriate. Of course, it makes an assumption that the data is distributed more or less evenly. I learned a lot in my CS program I probably never would have discovered by myself and much of it is foundational skills I subconsciously use when solving problems. I also understand what the trade offs that need to be made and where my optimization time should be spent. When in college I did a whole lot of programming using version control (CVS in my time, kids have it good today!), API's and various programming languages. I didn't need my college to teach me these things. It was the application of what I was learning in school. Also, in college we had a Software Engineering course elective, a Testing course elective and some other more practical course electives that most people took because it was, well, practical skills. So I think a decent mix of theory and practical skills are best but the it is also up to the student to engage themselves outside their program to learn "real world" skills. That's especially easy for students today with tools like Github and OSS becoming such a huge thing. Amazing how you can actually see the volcano explosion's blast radius push the clouds away. Seriously. I know lists like this are always subjective and there's some great (and awful literature, but mainly great) in this list. But omitting "Slaughterhouse-Five" not only for its content but the post modern aesthetic (which was a big deal at the time) it used, is confusing. And although I wouldn't expect it, there should be some Bukowski on this list too. Also, Gravity's Rainbow? In fact some would say the stock is trading at these levels due to a prolonged 2-year short squeeze. The initial squeeze brought in new retail (and institution) investors forcing margin calls which in turned raised the price more creating more short sellers and retail longs. I bought stock and options when this was trading at 35 and sold at around 140 as I put my fair market value at about 125 for this company. Would gladly reenter at that price. It isn't much different than an escalator. Escalators are fairly unsafe and not very accessible with children and the elderly the most common victims in terms of injury and death. Quite a few people die every year on escalator's from tripping, falling and other things. I don't work there but 1 note about support plans at companies: You will get what you pay for. If you have an SLA of 1 hour you will get your reply in an hour. If you don't have that (lets say you have a 12 hour SLA) the team, even if they can answer your question right away, is likely going to hold off on it for awhile because you haven't paid for that level of service. It's also protection as their response could lead to another reply from you and possibly a call would have to be scheduled and then meanwhile a few important tickets from clients that pay for the extra service come in and now they are backed up. Sales guys should be calling you constantly though! My parents still use an old G4 tower of mine I got in 1999/2000. They mainly use an iPad but they use it from time to time for accounting things and basic tasks an iPad can't handle. Honestly, the case is still unbelievably cool looking. I want it when they eventually decide to get rid of it. Keep in mind that the same job often pays considerably less in London than it does in San Francisco. And I'm not referring to taxes but actual salaries. I've known quite a few folks who have taken pay cuts when moving to London and folks who have received considerable pay increases moving to a major city like San Francisco or NYC from London. I believe that raising interest rates would cause a pretty large fall in housing prices in cities that have large foreign ownership. With interest rates rising, the bid for housing will drop accordingly and many of these investment properties would immediately be put on the market to extract full value from them which would cause a glut of supply. This would further cause prices to fall. This would be a good time for someone with a huge cash downpayment (or cash outright) and the prospect of actually living in the place full time to purchase a property in these areas. Honestly, until then it makes more sense to rent if you can't afford to pay cash outright due to maintenance fees, property taxes and so on. In NYC buying a condo with 20% down is foolish right now, for instance. Especially if interest rates do indeed begin to rise. Better off saving as much cash as possible and waiting for rates to rise which should cause plenty of investment properties that are rarely lived in to go on the market to quickly harvest the proceeds. I think it goes for other industries too. My wife who works in finance and accounting makes quite a bit more in NYC than she did in London, even for similar roles in similar industries. But you may have a point in that London being the only game in town has a lot of competition among the workforce. Also, I believe it costs much more to employ someone there and there are many more protection for employees. For instance, it is very difficult to fire someone in the UK and it is not that way in the USA. I think you touched on a key point a lot of people don't consider. Not all data is the same nor does it have to be treated the same. Many distributed systems will choke on a piece of data here and there and may not give the appropriate response. But you need to consider what you're working on and if that's OK from time to time given the advantages the system you're considering offers. What might be considered an appropriate data store for one data set may not be for another. And the type of information a lot of distributed systems are handling are far from bank accounts, for example. And if you're handling ultra important, sensitive data there are techniques that have been available for many years (two phase commit, for example) that can help. I love this series but I'm blown away by how many engineers here automatically assume a system is a failure because it doesn't pass a certain type of test from time to time. I do agree with the series that the marketing materials shouldn't claim things, however. Companies should be honest with what their systems weaknesses currently are. There are a lot of edge cases that could go wrong there such as people who live right near a timezone border. Not to mention VPN's, etc. Giving a direct time and timezone prevents a lot of potential issues and mitigates a lot of risk. A worthy optimization for this case I suspect. Sounds like a good idea to me. Have both, put the countdown under the time and date. Yup. When jobs announced the iPod at a special event most people said "big deal, it's an MP3 player". What they didn't look at was how great the UI was, how well it integrated with their Mac (and eventually PC) and how much better the same features that already existed elsewhere were. I believe the same rules apply here. And the app store will be the best in town. Again. Which is odd because you would think a community like this the actors would be forward thinking and try and see what the possibilities are. The lack of creativity isn't unique to this place or generation - Slashdot had similar sentiments years ago when they still mattered. I think because they often focus on function and do not consider form as an important factor - which has proven to be wrong time and again. Form and function are one. Form and function are both equally important. Not that Apple has perfect UI's (The clock dial is awful) but I feel like the ideas expressed in this article are that a UI should be designed as if the user is always using it for the first time. And that simply isn't true. With such a small screen a lot of things need to be considered, such as how easy is it to press a button without moving the hand and if this means sacrificing some natural ease of use - so be it. The user will still quickly learn how the UI works and adapt quickly. That is known as "form follows function" and one philosophy. The philosophy I stated is "form and function are one" which came about after the former. But it's important to consider that form and function are not necessarily separate things and that beauty is not only decoration. Read this article, in particular this [1] section. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 And here's a nice quote: “…users judge the relevancy of identical search results from different search engines based on the brand…Participants in the study indicated that the results from Google and Yahoo were superior to identical results found through Windows Live or a generic search engine.” Not only that but people using 2 products with the exact same function but different form not only prefer using the one with better form but actually encounter fewer difficulties and have a better experience. [1] Or this bit [2]. Read the entire article, but this is where those bits were from. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section7 [2] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 Why? Have you studied this? Have you read research that proves otherwise? When did I suggest form interferes with function? The idea that form and function are one says functionality and form are equally important. And there's good reason for this when humans are using your device. I believe your bias comes from your position as someone who's work is create functionality. You see that as the complete product and by virtue of your intimacy with it, the most important. But you're missing the entire picture. Start reading here [1] and I suggest you read the entire article. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 There's actually a lot to study backed by quantitive evidence. Your business will suffer if you only focus on the function and fail to consider form. Do you think the Tesla Model S would have been a success had it the same design and form as previous attempts at an EV? The function of the car was far superior, obviously but the form was as well. Both of these elements matter and if you only have 1 or the other, you lose. I think that's the entire point of "they're one". You're not working with a finite amount of status points here. Giving to one does not take away from the other and if it is then you're doing it wrong. The idea is that the form does in fact matter. A lot. But form at the expense of function would be function follows form which, although a philosophy, is probably suboptimal. What I'm trying to say is you don't say "lets make it work" and think of the form as an afterthought - as a "nice to have". We need to make it work and make it beautiful. Both are important and comprise the essence of what we are trying to build. Otherwise what's the point? Publicly traded companies get sued all the time for misleading investors. Happens in biotech very often. Is that so? I always figured it's worse to think you know something when you don't than to not know something and know you don't. I admire the sentiment but I have to believe that at any scale someone qualified to teach CS would be doing something a bit more lucrative than teaching public school. Altruism is a beautiful thing, and something I wish I had more of, but let's face it: it's easier to demand this than to actually deliver it. I imagine that when our industry has the next culling, public interest in CS will wane as usual until the next revolution is quickly unleashed by software fueled technology. Even within the company they are. I was speaking with 2 different groups at the same time from Apple and they had to ask me certain questions about their particular projects secretly while the other group was in the room. I had an NDA so I could know both sides but I could not discuss one groups project with the other. You're right in that some instruments don't really add value. They're a bet. Credit default swaps for mortgages didn't even exist really until some smart speculators noticed that the bond market for mortgages was unstable (and full of deceit) and only needed a bit of default to create a cascading waterfall of default which nearly took down the entire financial system. Honestly, CDR's were a good idea but it made no sense for the same banks to sell them that were also baking the mortgages. It would be like selling insurance on your own car. If you crash you are out a car and have to pay someone else! It would have made sense for banks to hedge their mortgages by buying CDR's from other investors. But then, that would have affected their bottom lines and they just plain got greedy. HFT is debatable as many claim it creates liquidity. I'm not sure I buy that but I also wouldn't confuse HFT with financial instruments. For instance, packaging mortgages into rated bonds of various risk tranches in the 1970's was a brilliant innovation which enable more people to qualify for loans as their risk was distributed and sliced up among many parties. Of course, that system broke down after being abused - but the initial concept still survives and is remarkable. Other instruments like derivatives allow for affordable hedges, the ability to buy and sell at a future price you want or collect premium on that offer. They aren't just for speculators. The average NYC taxi driver does not own a medallion. A couple years ago they traded hands for $1,000,000.00. Most of them are owned by companies which have many hundreds if not thousands of them. These companies rent the medallion for 12 hour blocks to drivers and would charge them between $175-250 per block. Before Uber there were many more drivers than medallions and drivers would bid the price of renting the medallion for 12 hours up! Drivers who worked full time and took a few weeks off would spend around $40,000.00/year on renting the medallion. A cab that was rented for 24 hours/day all year would easily generate $90,000.00/year for the owner of the medallion. With Uber the companies that own the medallions (and more so those that took massive loans to acquire them) are the ones hurting. The drivers are just fine, if not better. And even taxi drivers I've spoken with like Uber because medallion owners are desperate for drivers now and are charging $100-$150/12 hours. They just want to get the cars out of the garage. Uber drivers expenses that are different from cab drivers include a car mainly. Something that costs far less than the money they gave medallion owners and something they can write off big parts of on their taxes. And they can use it on their free time. That's a good point. It still costs far less than what they would pay a medallion owner, however. And they get a car. I'm not Japanese (but have visited) and I agree - the blackboard photo was heart breaking and beautiful all at once. I hope that piece gets preserved somehow. Yup. The Bay Area needs to start aggressively building up. The people already there have to give it up and realize their little California suburb isn't that anymore. Those scared that building up will lower their property values need to relax. Population density will bring more value and thus more desire to live in an area raising the property values of locals. A house that sells for 1.5 million right now could be sitting on a piece of land worth 50 million if a high rise wanted to use it. Hemingway was quite aware he was not a great father and it killed him. He was a selfish guy, a raging alcoholic and one of the most talented American writers of all time. His books to this day reflect that moment in time. They stand the test of time well. I'm not sure he would be the artist he was without all his flaws. I agree, we're all people. We should all try our best to be good people but at various times we have all been weak, scummy, etc. The good person reflects on those times and tries to improve. Work and save money before you enter a University. If you work and save for 2 years after high school you gain many advantages: 1) You will save some money to pay for school. 2) Because you are a bit older a new world of grants are available to you since you are returning to education. 3) Because your income will probably be fairly low you will qualify for more grants due to this fact. 4) Gives you time to figure out what you want to go to school for and possibly make you take it more seriously when you start. Another option is to join the military and qualify for a lot of additional grants that way. 4 years of service opens a lot of doors. There are many non-combat roles available. There are many ways for the poor to advance themselves and not cripple themselves financially for the next 40 years. A few people commenting this has not been their experience. It has been my experience in the NYC area. It could be a NYC thing. We have an abundance of taxi's so it very well could mean enough people just drop Uber and grab a cab instead. This would quickly lower the demand in an area. It might also have to do with the density dynamics of NYC. Ubers are constantly going into and out of designated areas that surge pricing zones. It won't take long for a few Ubers to roll into the zone where there is a surge. Things work differently in NYC due to the density and relative small area of Manhattan. It's even better for the taxi drivers who have to rent the medallions for 12 hour shifts. There were more drivers than taxi's until recently and drivers would bid the rental prices up. It was either that or they didn't make any money. Now garages sit with extra cars. Instead of paying up to $250 for a shift drivers now have the power and can pick between garages and get a car for $125 now. That's money directly in their pocket. Every NYC cabbie I've spoken to who doesn't own a medallion loves Uber for precisely this reason. I'm sure it will balance out but certainly not in the garages favor. But for people with a hack license and an Uber account, they have the power to pick and choose which option serves them best today and that might mean driving a cab one day and driving their Uber the next. It's for precisely this reason I can't see why the left tends to be suspicious of Uber in NYC. I think it's great drivers have agency. You are actually taking on more risk than if you had some invested in different vehicles. The truth is you're losing more money by not having any of it generating higher potential yields. Likewise, putting all your money in higher yielding vehicles (for instance, call options) is a lot of risk too. There's a calculus to understanding how much you should have put into different vehicles (including cash in a savings account) to take on the most conservative position. The way you're playing is you are forfeiting and losing by taking on more risk than you think. It's weird to think about but you need to factor in inflation and cash becomes worth less when it is just sitting there. It isn't volatile but it is mainly deterministic. Some diversity in your arrangements would protect you better. I think the audience on this site is mainly out of touch. When you're making a fine salary it's easy to forget that most people don't. When you're spending your time looking up at those above you and positioning to get to their level (because upward mobility is an option) it's easy to forget to look at the piles of people below you where it isn't It's easy to assume throwing $100 around here or there is normal when you're able to throw $800 on an impulse iPhone without a problem. Many people can't. I'm probably just as guilty too. Because they could use their paycheck and hit a payday loan store and begin to fall behind on other things. If you're living paycheck to paycheck a bit of time will let you figure it out but you don't have the cash today to pay a small bill. You shouldn't assume most people have much in the name of savings, much less capital. Think about it. If you've got nothing and few prospects to ever have anything then why even care? You might as well get some bit of happiness from something since everything else is awful. People want to feel good. Were you poor or just broke while you were young? Poverty is far different from being in college and not making much. Poverty is much different than being short on cash. Poverty includes having limited options ahead of you and the prospect of always being poor. You're parsing wrong here. It means people don't have that much liquid. As in saved. One warning about pie charts in many visualization applications today is you are often looking at how the terms in the chart relate to each other. Not over the set of all terms. If I want to draw a pie chart of the top-5 terms for some field and the chart represents just those terms, then the chart represents how they compare against each other - not necessarily how those top-5 terms compare against the entire set. I know, sounds obvious but I've seen data misinterpreted because of this. The pie chart must represent the entire set and if you're plotting a subset of the data in the chart and ignoring the rest then your visualization may not say what you think it says. It's unfortunate the children of the future will not get that joke. You shouldn't ever have to move out of someones way if they are not walking. I live in NYC so perhaps my perception is skewed but pedestrians should always have the right of way. Don't move for runners, bikes (shouldn't on sidewalks unless it's a kid) or these things. It's up to the user to manage themselves and prevent themselves from hitting and potentially hurting others. I see these around here and there, more and more, and don't mind them for now but if we start to get a problem with users hitting people then I'll support a sidewalk ban on them. What does "likely not a good area" mean? In NYC there are plenty of "nice areas" that don't have major chain stores. In many cities this is the case. I grow tired of the underlying racism people exhibit (such as yours) without even being aware of it. You're probably not a blatant racist but I think a lot of people from mainstream white culture need to start inspecting and criticizing their view of the world a bit more. There are a lot of good people living in what you call "not a good area". The USGS learns about earthquakes in regions without censors via Twitter. [1] I'm of the opinion we have only scratched the surface of what is possible to predict by analyzing realtime data from social networks, user groups and message board communities. [1] https://blog.twitter.com/2015/usgs-twitter-data-earthquake-d... Indeed I did! It's conjecture at this point to say anyone who programmed the ECU to do this knew what they were doing. Saying that, it is likely they did know but this comes from above. There's a few psychology experiments that show many humans will do things they know are wrong or immoral when an authority figure tells them to do it even though they don't want to do it. The Milgram Experiment, for instance, comes to this conclusion, among others. Peer pressure and obedience of authority are real phenomenons and that starts with the leadership that needs to be held accountable. Hearing an authority figure pass the blame to someone at the bottom is disgusting and barking up the wrong tree I believe. I am not a psychologist, nor did I even take 101 in college, but I don't know if the Milgram Experiment came to a conclusion about perceived personality types. I did have a passing interest in these types of experiments for a few hours and read overviews and conclusions to them and I believe I recall "agreeableness" being something humans strive for to get accepted into a group. The Asch experiment in the 1950's showed people will purposely give the wrong answer if others in the group gave the wrong answer to a basic perception question. [1] "Assholes", in your context would be people that don't fit the "culture" of the companies "group". Possibly off topic, but it's one of the reasons I always get a bit nervous when companies define their "culture". [1] https://explorable.com/asch-experiment It depends on where you live. In NYC it is hard to find a place without a broker in many neighborhoods. I found an apartment on Craigslist a few years ago and was surprised I was able to get it. Often, Craigslist is full of broker spam disguised as a landlord listing an apartment or the apartment is simply taken up by someone right away. The other option is to find a building managed by a larger company. They almost always have "0 fee rentals". However, they often cost more too since they tend to have many facilities. Honestly, many landlords like the broker system because brokers weed out bad renters by referencing their credit and arranging all the paper work and the landlord doesn't really have to do anything. The tenant pays all the fees and as this article pointed out, the landlord may in fact receive kickbacks. At least in the NYC area, I don't expect brokers to go away any time soon. NYC is a beast upon itself in the housing world for renting and buying. I would love to see brokers go away, however. I have a suspicion they largely drive up rent prices as they can create an artificially small market and because they rely on inefficient methods, tenants are really only able to visit a small subset of places and brokers can get them to bid against each other. This creates an artificially small market that is largely in the landlords favor. They also will usually not show you places unless you are ready to move in by the end of the month which creates time pressure and panic in renters which, as you guessed, artificially drives up rent. Probably eventually but as the author notes there is a large pile of bodies where enterprising companies trying to reform the broker model used to stand. It's hard and landlords are mostly not interested in changing a system that has worked in their favor for years with people they have personal relationships with. Brokers have keys to the apartments too. This is not easily disrupted. Karl Marx saw a couple flaws in Capitalism, similar to what we practice today. I think he's right about one and wrong about the other. And the part he's right about is what people find unfair. He's right in that Capitalism is not about marking up a product to generate a profit by taking the cost of the goods and the labor to produce it but rather by paying labor less than what their labor is worth. And this is what bothers people. It isn't fair. And they are helpless to change it. And it is what is happening more and more. And the eventuality of it is Capitalism will eat itself as those without will be large enough in numbers where they assume power. Those which did the exploiting will either have their heads rolled or at the very least made impotent and marginalized. This is revolution and leads to Socialism and eventually Communism. The second part Marx argues is that only the State can sort out the best way to distribute means and goods - that the free market is too chaotic. This I disagree with and I think time has shown this to be false. The state will eventually be corrupt if it isn't already. And whose to say what is best for one person is also the best for the other? So, the free market exists where people can pick and choose. They have freedom. This allows some to have more than others and I think people are in fact OK with that. In fact I think people want that because we believe in getting what you're worth. Its just they don't want their own labor to be discounted to the point of being exploited - which is happening more and more with through wage suppression via policy or globalism which has displaced a lot of people very quickly, even if it might eventually benefit everyone as a whole. Because of policy, as I stated. They can't negotiate a better deal because the labor pool they are competing with is global. So they are now valued less and feel it is unfair. I'm not here preaching socialism. I'm just saying a near term effect of rampant globalization is people are going to be displaced and feel they are being exploited. I think this is where unrest comes from. Thanks. It's amazing to see how many folks in the tech industry don't see this when the whole idea of H1B visas is to get workers that can easily be exploited over here. Especially since the first attempt in the late 90's of out sourcing failed. But out sourcing has worked fabulously for many other industries. And although I agree globalization has many benefits the side effect is many displaced people today seething with anger as the capitalist class gets wealthier. That anger will turn to pitch forks when there's enough of them. to compete with people around the world means to be exploited here and policy doesn't help it so people feel they are not allowed to participate in society fairly. Capitalists (including me) need to behave otherwise revolution will come and our bourgeois heads will roll. The theory might be sound but the effects of policy unilaterally advantage the capitalist at the expense of the local worker. This is why people feel they are being treated unfairly. They are competing with other groups around the world who haven't caught up yet. I believe we will eventually progress to the mean here but until then there are people feeling cheated. The trade agreements and bank bailouts did not consider the displacement in the near term and thus has created a growing group that is angry due to feeling that the system is not fair. And the money earned with labor is taxed heavily while the money earned with capital is taxed minimally. This seems fair? Not an 18th century French style revolution but similar results I can easily imagine. What you'll end up with is a state which becomes more and more Socialist. This is a prediction Marx made about Capitalism. It will eventually result in many more have-nots than haves and the have-nots will either through violent revolution or political policy enact Socialism. It is not an outcome we want but it is up to the capital class to ensure this doesn't happen by regulating themselves well enough so everyone feels they are getting a fair piece of the pie. My point is, there is a balance somewhere between chaotic growth at any cost with its wealth generation and ensuring people can participate fairly and share the results and have equity in the future. They make their money on a few things outside the profit from the can, which is in fact very low. They make a killing on your trade-in. They make a killing on extended warranties on used cars. They make a killing on maintenance and oil changes and the packages they sell around these things. So although in general they make more than $200 or whatever on the new car sale, they make their real money on everything else around it. I agree. I love Apple's products but to be honest it is a bit frustrating sometimes when OSX doesn't interface with iOS. Rail is still incredibly cheap and efficient in the USA. In fact, the USA has some of the most cost effective freight rail in the world. [1] Rail freight is also quite a bit larger than truck freight in the USA. A lot of things are railed across in an intermodal and then hitched onto a truck for regional delivery. [2] In short, rail freight is massive in the USA and our primary mode of goods transportation. [1] https://www.aar.org/BackgroundPapers/Cost%20Effectiveness%20... [2] https://www.fra.dot.gov/Page/P0362 No idea. I've always taken the train from Seattle to Portland. It's across the board in technology mainly. Tableau was beaten down pretty badly until they recently made the case all too obvious they're ripping the cover off the ball. Other names like Hortonworks (at IPO level today) and New Relic (great quarter, improved guidance but smacked down today) have had better than expected results and are not getting much love from the public markets. If software was truly in a bubble we'd see biotech prices in the public markets where companies like Stripe would be valued at 12 billion right now. I think it's a good time to begin collecting long term positions in some of these small cap tech companies that have been offering IPO's as they may not be "cheap" but they are massive growth stories and certainly and bubbly. Some names have done well though like Tableau and Palo Alto Networks. It's a mixed bag. Right. The stock flopped because it came out at a time when Facebook was still trying to transition to mobile. Their revenue from PC's was fine but they seemed to be missing the boat on mobile revenue and analysts were unconvinced they could monetize mobile. Then they had a quarterly report that blew the lid off of mobile revenue and since then the stock has been a rocket. They executed mobile well and that's what the market was looking for. They've only gotten stronger as Twitter has floundered after coming out strong. I do not have a position in Twitter but if they figure out how to add users (what Wall St. wants to see) they too will explode higher. They have said they do not expect any significant user growth this year and not until some time next year as new strategies get put in place. If my wife starts using Twitter then I'll load up on the stock. Kibana 3 and earlier was a plugin for Elasticsearch. However, Kibana 4 is a stand alone application. Also, Kibana 4 uses Elasticsearch aggregations instead of Lucene Facets. I played SC2 heavily when it came out and for some time after and I loved it. But you're right - the game does not allow someone to be casual or even semi-casual. It is an unbelievably stressful game and you have to not only master all 3 races abilities but understand numerous and ever changing strategies around them, have excellent macro skills and understand timings, etc. If you don't keep up aggressively with practice and all these other things you'll simply get slaughtered over and over. And although their rating system tries to pair you up it has become harder and harder to find casual players. I think it's one of the best games ever made and I love watching the top players to this day even though I do not play any longer. But I wish they could come out with a scaled down version with fewer units, easier macro and certain rules in place to limit cheese play, etc. Have smart units or something where different strategies can be used throughout a game and various units will intelligently play a certain role of scouting, attacking, defending, etc. The truth is the game is amazing because of its difficulty and also unplayable for most people for the same reason. I am not "gosu". I have a life and can't play for hours every day - or every day for that matter. Not at all. They are investing their profits into scaling and growing the business. This will be a great litmus test for relatively new and growing technology companies to determine when it's right to IPO in this market. There have been a number of recent IPO's from companies with great growth but no profits to show for it. The market has mainly rejected these companies and the companies are trading near IPO levels or below. Some of them after taking a down round to go public even, such as HDP. Atlasssian is showing very good growth and profits, however modest (which they should be for them - reinvesting in the company is the best action right now), which I assume would end up with a pretty decent multiple. My midline would be a 4 billion market cap based on current growth trajectory, current and potential earnings (and their reinvestment in the business) and cash on hand which should limit and sort of second round any time in the foreseeable future. This isn't based on PE (it would be extremely high right now) but rather the revenue growth and cash stability to allow sustainable reinvestment in the companies marketing, R&D and sales departments. It's a bit over 10x forward revenue. SPLK is up about 60% since their debut in 2012 after gaining more than 150% and then coming back to reality where it is today - up 60%. Wouldn't call it sideways. HDP on the other hand is pretty much where it started. I agree. It will likely be seen as a massive scam. Ideas are cheap. Technology is hard. I'm not even sure it's her fault or the fools who gave a 20 year old billions of dollars to startup a healthcare company. What could go wrong? I could be totally off base here, but couldn't people without access to a good grocery store just buy their groceries online and have them delivered? Does it cost more to have groceries shipped? I understand Co-Op's offer more cheaply priced groceries and that's a great community project so I'm not suggesting Co-Op's have no point. They're great things. I'm just wondering what the difference between big box grocery stores and online grocery delivery is? New money mistake. You don't change the world by putting your money into non-profits but rather cultivating a dynasty that has tentacles in business, government and thus policy. You consolidate this kind of wealth into the proper channels to influence public opinion and thus a much greater sum (measured in trillions) over a greater time to get the real change you believe in. It's a good gesture but a losing strategy. But it's his money to do as he pleases so, cheers Zuck. As someone who rents from Equity Residential in NYC I will move to another apartment if they open my building up to this. It is illegal in NYC to rent an apartment for less than 30 days and is enforced by many landlords. If Airbnb is trying to convince landlords to look the other way, I find that disgusting. I don't want my building to be a hotel. I don't want random people in my building. The idea that landlords can rationalize steeply raising rents with the expectation that tenants will find the money by letting someone crash on their couch for a few days every month to make it up is dehumanizing. Will this be exploited by the 20% of affordable housing units in these buildings paying well below market rates? All Uber drivers in the NYC area are licensed livery drivers and Uber is no different than any other car service. Airbnb is trying to turn buildings zoned for residential living into commercial hotels, which is illegal. However, the cost of the home in many markets will have decreased slightly as a result. Getting an apartment at a fraction of the market rate is not capitalism. It wouldn't be right for someone given this type of apartment to exploit it for profit considering there are thousands of other people who would qualify for these apartments and not take advantage of it. It has happened in Queens already and I believe the tenants have been evicted. Such a foolish choice considering the money they would have saved over the years. What do "white people" have to do with anything here? I agree 100% with this. Employees should be suspicious that they have access to an investment nobody else does - invest now! I've seen countless friends get burned in various ways believing they would be getting rich soon from their options and then fizzle. Either through the company just never having a liquidity event or being sold for less than previous valuation rounds. The worst is I've seen people reject job offers that were far superior in cash compensation because they had a recent big option grant. A friend of mine stayed on at a place even though he didn't get a cash raise but instead was given some options that vested over a few years in addition to the options he already had, some of which were vested. Did it not ring a bell that a company that can't give him cash but can instead offer compensation out of thin air in the form of options is in trouble? And then there are the golden handcuffs were an employee is scared to leave because their options have too high a fair market value and their tax costs would be considerable. Further limiting their career growth. I've seen the other side too where friends have taken home a really nice pay day after liquidity - but it is the exception and not the rule. I recommend joining young companies that are willing to pay you a lot of cash for your exceptional ability and experience (execution is critical at this stage across the entire company from engineering to sales) and maybe take it easy on the option grants. Some stock is fun but don't count on getting rich on it. If you really believe in the company and it's a rocket ship (some rockets explode mid-flight or stall though!) then I'd recommend buying some shares early on to hedge for the reason you state. But I probably would't early exercise 4 years of options on your first day at the company. Fair Market Value drives the value of common shares, not preferred share costs. FMV is derived using a formula the IRS has to project what a share in the company is worth and it is usually far less than what the latest investors paid. Indeed. Smart, young companies are refusing preferred share investments and are willing to keep their valuation lower because of that. It's true that you're selling a larger portion of your future for less money in many ways, but you protect the founders and original investors as well as the employees too. Huge growth is important but it's also important to be smart about it. Selling a part of your company for a bit less if often better than mortgaging the common shares. It's true, the media loves the story of the regular folks who struck gold when their company went public and that resonates with typical employees who don't understand the financial constructs that make up many VC deals. ""Companies will still raise funding, but at lower valuations," says Arianna Simpson, a Silicon Valley-based investor." I wonder if this means companies have gotten wise to the bad deals they were signing just to get a high valuation and are agreeing to lower valuations but not giving up preferred stock that is so powerful. I know a few smaller companies that have done this and prefer to not make headlines with sky high valuations that everyone knows are meaningless. This is a good thing. Exchange rates are killing them. The strong USD is cutting into profits in a major way. With iPad, Mac and now iPhone showing flat (and negative) growth I would expect a fairly flat stock price for the time being. When/If the USD begins to lose value to other currencies I'd call that a good time to consider to build a position in AAPL. I don't have a position but was hoping for a big win this quarter. AAPL exemplifies a lot of the issues many companies are having because of exchange rates and I do not expect the broader market to do much better for awhile. Especially with so much foreign debt in USD, a lot of companies are going to have a hard time paying off bonds and loans, hurting their ability to grow. They aren't growing is the problem. But more importantly when you look at their numbers in China you can see the global slowdown. It's bad for all global companies. As for bonds, I meant by foreign companies. Many bonds have been written with USD which are now becoming painful to payoff as their own currencies are not valued well against the USD. That's the part that scares me a bit. Not for Apple's sake but as a confirmation of the general global economic slowdown we are likely in right now. The recovery has hit a bump it might appear. I agree. What this graph is missing is "relevancy". It's much easier to detect fraud when not looking at population numbers or a basic graph since these often lead to super nodes and if someone wants to cover their tracks it is easy for them to avoid creating super nodes, as you've described. However, with relevancy in a graph we can detect this type of fraud significantly better as we can begin to find relationships that stick out and are uncommonly common to each other. Which is pointless since they had a great earnings report, were cash flow positive for the quarter and raised their guidance. Additionally they mentioned in the call that no sector is more than 20% of their customers so they are diversified if a certain sector really tanks - like tech. They have 180 million in the bank so won't need credit markets any time soon and gradually approaching profitability. Disclaimer: I have a position in NEWR and added today at the 21 level. This will certainly bounce back in the comings months or years. Will add if the irrationality continues. It's trading at about 6x revenue right now and even lower when looking at forward revenues. Their growth is tremendous and are on a path to profitability. I get it - when the market are getting banged around like it is, there are few safe places. I just think the baby is being thrown out with the bath water in a lot cases. I'm using this to average down a bit and hold. Like most of these things, this calculator makes some broad assumptions. For instance, it assumes transportation costs in Manhattan are higher than most other places. This is unbelievably inaccurate in my experience. Maybe it assumes people here take taxis all over the place? I've found transportation to be cheaper in NYC than anywhere else in the USA. No car or gasoline or insurance or maintenance, etc. A car costs on average about 9k/year to own according to AAA. In a place like NYC if you take the Subway every day your cost is about 1,300/year. Throw in a few hundred for cabs and you're looking at 1,800/year. It doesn't cover the rent gap compared to most places but it helps. In effect this calculator says a salary in Chicago goes nearly twice as far (so if you make 200k in NYC that would be 106k in Chicago. In my experience that is simply untrue. 200k in NYC would be closer to 170k in Chicago. I think this calculator is making the assumption someone would require the same resources, like a car in all places. Or that someone who had 1600 square feet of living space would expect the same in NYC, which would be ridiculous. No reasonable person would assume they would move to NYC and get a car and garage it. That simply isn't the typical lifestyle here. Most my friends born and raised in the city don't even have licenses. It also claims that living in San Francisco is significantly cheaper than NYC which is untrue as well.