I don't know what field these languages are "taking by storm" -- it certainly isn't the field of corporate software development. Java and C# have the following advantages: - Familiarity, which means programmers are easy to hire and can finish projects without overcoming a learning curve - A huge amount of high-quality libraries for almost any task - Good IDEs and build tools - The concepts are not exotic. The object-oriented features are now the industry standard. Nobody wants to spend the time to learn these new languages if they don't offer a significant improvement over Java and C#. Of the ones you listed, Scala is the most likely to succeed because it can interoperate smoothly with Java and offers concurrency features that Java does not. Twitter's successful use of Scala has also contributed to the language's popularity. National debt is different from household debt for many reasons, including the fact that the government operates a central bank, prints its own currency, does not have to apply for credit, passes the laws that specify the terms of the debt it owes, etc. Plus, in the case of the United States, the national debt is in the form of one of the safest and most widely held investment vehicles in the world : US treasury debt. To argue that government debt is the not any different from household debt is to ignore all of those things. As a former grad student, I am not at all surprised by this. Academia is a very personality-driven world where prestige, connections, and social capital matter at least as much as the quality of one's work. The prestige, influence, and connections of one's department and dissertation advisor make a huge difference, and the most prestigious advisors tend to work at the most prestigious universities. In a job market with so few openings, especially in the humanities, this clearly has a distorting effect. I suspect that if the job market were not so bad, the effects described in this study would be reduced. I was referring specifically to the academic job market, which is about as bad as it has ever been. In humanities disciplines, there are hundreds more graduates than jobs every year. When I was in graduate school, I was somewhat involved in the process of hiring a few professors. Whoever we would have hired was probably going to get tenure and remain in the department for decades. Intangible personal and interpersonal aspects of the candidates were therefore about as important as the quality of their research, because nobody wants to be stuck working for 20 years with someone they don't feel comfortable with. Naturally, this has a tendency to perpetuate the gender and race imbalances in academia. The C programmers whom I know don't like Go because it doesn't have pointer arithmetic, and the runtime does some "magic" stuff like the goroutines. A lot of C programmers don't really like encapsulation as much as people who are used to object-oriented languages. C++ and Java programmers see Go as an intentionally crippled language without inheritance or generics, which they can't quite wrap their heads around. Java programmers have a very hard time accepting the lack of dependency versioning, and the Go team's insistence that it is not important is mind-boggling to anyone who has been using Maven for years. Ruby and Python programmers see Go as a step back in usability and syntax, and those who have not used a statically-typed language see a lot of boilerplate. On top of all of that, any of the aforementioned ecosystems have a large set of libraries that are widely known and standard in the industry. I like Go, and I think most programmers would like it if they gave it a chance, but I think it challenges too many peoples' preconceptions. Compare that to Scala, which you can sell as "better Java" and get people on board immediately. Have other platforms done this? I'm having trouble thinking of a language toolkit that has dependency management built by the core team. All of these solutions are third-party, they have just become the de-facto standard: Java uses Maven or Gradle: third party Python uses pip: third party Ruby uses gems: third party Node.js uses npm: third party I'm sure I'm missing some, but this seems to be the norm. Go just hasn't been around long enough for a single third-party solution to become the de facto standard. Despite the assertions made in the article, the adjunct system is sustainable, because there is no shortage of naive, delusional people who will complete graduate degrees despite knowing full well the state of the academic job market. I know people stuck on the treadmill of adjuncting, and their resistance to the idea of working outside of academia is amazing. They are still holding out for the impossible. De Anza is one of the better community colleges in an area with high cost of living. In other places, community college instructors make a lot less. Increasing inequality, and a decline of the wages of the middle class, are worldwide phenomena that are occurring in most first-world countries. The effects of trends are currently the most extreme in the United States, but I'd be willing to bet that the US just got here first, and others will follow. I won't pretend that anyone really knows why this is happening (although a few causes seem fairly obvious), but it is clearly a worldwide phenomenon, and looking for causes only in the United States is a bit myopic. If gerrymandering persists, the dysfunction of Congress will also persist, no matter how many members there are. Representatives have no incentives to behave responsibly under the current districting situation. Don't worry about the guy who makes a lot of money today. Worry about his children, and the unearned influence they will have over business and politics. It subverts meritocracy when a large segment of the population inherits enough wealth that they do not have to work, or can get any job they want through family connections without competing. This class of people will tend to favor legislation that reduces social mobility, in order to protect their interests. The trend toward inequality then reinforces itself. By drawing district lines around politically homogenous populations, gerrymandering guarantees that representatives accurately represent the views of their constituents and enables hyper-partisan behavior without consequences. Adding representatives does nothing to change that. 6400 gerrymandered districts will give us the same results as 435. Why would it be surprising? I only turn those off when I get on the plane. Operation staff will immediately start guarding the food bowl as resources become finite. Server provision waits start to seem like breadlines. Power is consolidated with Those Whom You Must Ask. This is the worst part about moving out of the cloud, especially since cloud computing has moved a lot of ops and deployment responsibility to developers. All models are wrong. Some models are useful. Problems occur when people expect the model to correspond 100% to reality, which it was never intended to do. It is confusing the map for the territory. Unfortunately most journalists have this tendency. Rent control is a case of the government forcing landlords to do something that is really the government's job. If the government wants housing to be affordable, it can build more of it, or provide households with tax credits or vouchers to help them afford to pay rent. Vouchers are less desirable than increasing supply, but they cause fewer market distortions and bad incentives than rent control, which is a price ceiling, which we know for sure leads to shortages. Instead of taking on this public policy responsibility, the government of San Francisco has decided to take the easy way out by capping rents on certain units, which unfairly forces landlords to shoulder the burden of a job the government ought to be doing. This incentivizes all kinds of crazy things, including removing housing stock from the market under the Ellis Act. I know people who had their homes re-assessed in 2009-2010 and their property taxes decreased significantly from the pre-collapse amount. The Ivy League has a big problem promoting their financial aid packages. A lot of people don't know that low-income students can attend for free. There is no catch, it really is free, as the article here has mentioned. The Ivy League needs to do a much better job getting the word out about this to the students who might benefit from it. Even during the deepest point of the post-1980s recession, unemployment never exceeded 6%. In fact, the highest level of unemployment Japan has experienced since 1953 was 5.6%: http://www.tradingeconomics.com/japan/unemployment-rate It is interesting that they managed to preserve low unemployment and increase the standard of living during about 20 years of flat economic growth, but they've done it. Part of it can be explained by the fact that layoffs are rare (companies almost always assign employees to do unnecessary work rather than lay them off), but that is not sufficient to explain how Japan maintained the world's second-highest GDP during the "lost decade." Is there any credible evidence for that? Overproduction of PhDs serves the interests of academia, which wants cheap and easily replaceable adjunct labor. Nobody is particularly motivated to change this, not even the adjuncts themselves, because they have convinced themselves that they have a shot at a tenure-track position, which is a remote possibility for most of them. That is one of the few PhD programs whose graduates can find industry jobs, and whose graduates also intend to find industry jobs. There are tons of people in SF and the valley who work even though they have enough money to retire right now. If this was a big problem, we would have found out about it years ago. Once again, instead of responsibly approaching the housing problem by passing measures to incentivize building more supply, the SF government has taken the easy way out by placing more restrictions on what can be done with existing units. This is a convenient regulation for politicians because it appeases certain people and attacks an easy scapegoat, but it will have a minimal effect on the quality and quantity of housing available, and on the price of rent. I'm always impressed by the simple ingenuity of the Doom source code and the immersive environment it creates. Someone needs to fix the contrast on that page. It's very hard to read. If this is really true, it takes some balls to push code to the system that is running the plane that you yourself are flying in. I mean, I've released bugs to production before, but they have never put my life at risk... Has anyone ever cared about a mission statement? Can you provide any evidence for this assertion? Because the OP provided evidence. Even so, $15/hr might be more than the average pay for janitorial work in this area. And there are plenty of working class people living here. Were you under the impression that the working class people you see every day are all living somewhere else? It also prevents coins being dropped while passed from hand to hand. In a county with coins up to about the $5 equivalent, that's pretty useful. How can one expect to have a strong portfolio of work "straight out of high school"? There simply hasn't been enough time to build a strong one. A few student projects or a part-time summer job is quite different from several years of web dev experience, which very few 18-year-olds have. > I don't understand why Go is so insistent that dependency management is something for the community to solve The expectation that every new language should come with a dependency management ecosystem is a bit questionable. A lot of major languages' dependency management solutions were created by the community: Java: Maven, Gradle Python: PIP Ruby: Gems Node.js: NPM Some of these have been adopted by the official language maintainers, but as far as I know, they originated in the community. It's not just the try/catch thing. Ruby code can have a syntax error in a conditional that is rarely true, which may crop up in production from time to time. I've seen it happen many times, including in some popular Ruby libraries. A compiled language would have caught that. And yet, no matter how much you have to complain about, your trains are 10X better than what we have in the US. In Silicon Valley, the high-tech capital of the world, a pedestrian suicide (which happens depressingly often, and therefore cannot be considered an unusual event by the transit planners) brings the entire Caltrain network to a halt for two hours. And by "network," I mean the only line the network has. At least you have other trains to take. > I have no idea why, but with Japanese companies it's a common theme. Most don't even care about overseas expansion, and if they do, it's poorly executed (say, Daihatsu, who dicked around on the European market for decades without ever listening to even trivial customer wishes, and then wrote the whole business off because it "obviously can't work" – well, duh). The Japanese domestic consumer market is so enormous that many Japanese companies are simply not interested in selling their goods internationally, because they don't need to. They can make plenty of money without dealing with the complications of selling their products in other countries. Many are small businesses and are content with making enough money to cover payroll. Shared libraries were considered a bad idea in Plan 9, and I really wish that point of view had made it into commercial Unix and Linux. > EVs need to be able to do 0-60 in 2.8s to be widely accepted?? ryguytilidie's comment, in context, included this explanation: "PR stunts like this get people more interested in a great thing." And yes, products which are new and different generally need good PR in order to be accepted by consumers. Quite a lot of the press is talking about this today, which is what Tesla hoped to achieve. There is also a subreddit for this: https://www.reddit.com/r/churning Most of the examples in the article are about state-owned, state-operated enterprises, such as sovereign wealth funds, utilities, oil and mineral extraction, etc. In fact, I could not find any example of "putting a state-run monopoly in private hands" anywhere in the article. Did you even read it? > According to him, not blindly gifting away the collectively-held public commons into the hands of private capital to sell it back to us is now called "Socialism". That's quite a strawman there. He never argued anything remotely like that. Actually, socialism is a broad enough term to encompass state ownership as well as worker ownership or control. That's true in academia as well as in non-academic discourse. State ownership of major industries, without worker control, often accomplished through nationalization of pre-existing industries, has been a characteristic policy of socialist political parties and governments throughout the 20th century. For example, almost every major industry in the UK was nationalized in the 1940s, and such action was labeled as socialism by both its proponents and opponents. Under this most prevalent usage of the term, state ownership of an electrical utility or a sovereign wealth fund certainly qualifies. Were you under the impression that the author intends to stigmatize anything, or believes that socialism is a bad thing? He is clearly in favor of public ownership. I don't have Waze installed on my phone, and I get alerts in Google Maps that are labeled as coming from Waze, so there is at least some integration. Who is made worse off by the FasTrak HOV lane arrangement? People who can't afford the HOV lanes will remain stuck in traffic like they always were, although there will be less traffic than there used to be, because the people who can afford to use the new HOV lanes are no longer in the normal lanes. Some people are made better off, and nobody is made worse off. Just raise the tolls until the traffic jam goes away. If the revenue is used to build better public transit, most people won't need a car to get to work. A "24-hour train that goes to every business and every home in the area" is not necessary to achieve this. It is very easy to live without a car in many of the cities which implement congestion tolls, and they don't have 24-hour train service straight to everyone's front door. Trains or buses within walking distance of most people's homes and workplaces, which operate from say 5AM to midnight, would be sufficient, and that is exactly what most great cities in the world have. That's only true if driving is the only way to get to work. If people can get to work on public transit, and it costs less than paying the congestion charge, they will use public transit. In other words, the congestion charge is a constraint on traffic volume, just as road supply is, because it changes the equilibrium of supply and demand. It isn't like this is a hypothetical experiment that hasn't been tried. It is a fact that people take public transit when it is easier or cheaper than driving. It has happened in cities around the world. That's the result of a bad design in this particular case, and it isn't inherent to the concept of an HOV lane. It kinda does by definition, actually. Studies have shown that intergenerational social mobility in America since the 80s has been a bit lower than is popularly assumed. Stiglitz's book about this is newsworthy because most people still don't know that, despite the fact that economists and sociologists have known it, and talked about it, and taught it to their students, for decades. This isn't a convincing argument because not every city is like yours. I think it is fairly clear at this point that student loans have worsened the problem they were supposed to solve. The fact that students, most of whom have no assets and have never worked, and cannot prove their future earning potential, can get over $100k in loans that cannot be discharged in bankruptcy just by signing their name, has clearly caused massive distortions in the education market. During the past few decades, the number of administrators in American universities has grown significantly, tuition has risen dramatically, and even public universities are investing in luxury amenities to attract student money, and raising tuition to pay for them. The past few decades have also seen a proliferation of for-profit universities which are being investigated by the government for exploiting students by encouraging them to take out huge loans to pay tuition for programs without any value. They are taking advantage of flawed student aid policy by using the students to take money from the government. None of these things have happened in any other wealthy country, even though those countries have also seen the same shift in the job market that the United States has. This is not a consequence of the changing job market, because if it was, it would have happened elsewhere. It is a consequence of policy choices. The incentives for bad behavior are abundantly clear. In other developed countries, it is harder to get student loans, and easier to pay them back, and college is more accessible to poor students than it is in the United States. That's because public universities in other developed countries have caps on tuition, and students have caps on how much they can borrow, so universities can't use students as a vehicle for diverting government money to themselves. If everyone in a democratic society would benefit from this, it ought to be part of the compulsory education that everyone receives as a teenager. Plus, if we had better junior high and high school educations in this country, we could cut out a lot of the general education requirements in colleges and graduate in 3 years instead of 4. With today's tuition rates, a 3-year degree could represent a substantial amount of money saved for the average student. A lot of people trusted Apple with their photos, and Apple did not release any photos, but that doesn't really matter because they were stolen. A lot of people trusted Ashley Madison, and Ashley Madison did not release any data, but that doesn't really matter because it was also stolen. Given that nobody has invented perfect security, it is reasonable to assume that any data anywhere can be stolen, and therefore you have no control over who accesses it. Why should there be a law about this? If you don't like Facebook's rules, you don't have to use it. Nobody is forcing you to get an account. This is the problem if you want to publish. A lot of journals want .docx or Latex files, not PDFs, and they will simply reject submissions that don't comply with their requirements. It would be nice if journals would accept Markdown, but frankly I don't expect that to happen anytime soon. It makes no difference. The amount of carbon in the atmosphere has not changed. If anything, this might mean that trees are less effective at reducing carbon than we thought, because there are more trees than we thought there were. I use Java/Spring, Ruby, and Node.js in production, and Node.js is by far the hardest to stay up to date with without introducing major problems. The only framework I have used that is harder to update is Finagle. It's not just Node itself to blame. There seems to be a culture of breaking things in the Node.js ecosystem. Breaking changes in third-party libraries are common. I have to specify exact dependency versions in my package.json, and almost every time I update one of them, something goes wrong. Not to mention the government will waste millions of dollars and not get a conviction. I don't think the government could afford to prosecute every white collar crime because of the high cost of doing so. I think that stuff like this and code boot camps, rather than online distance learning, is the real threat to traditional higher education. In my time in academia, I was always struck by how uncomfortable academics were with the idea of university educations being vocational training, rather than education "for its own sake." It's a nice ideal, but almost all students, especially those in STEM fields, are in college to improve their career prospects. But academics are mainly focused on replicating themselves, i.e. focusing on teaching things that are useful to students who plan to attend graduate school in the field, but not useful to the majority of students who do not. This is how we end up with CS grads who can implement obscure data structures they will never use in industry but cannot do practical things like use version control or continuous integration, or write good unit tests. For someone who wants to work in a technical field, I think new programs like this one, or like code boot camps, are becoming increasingly attractive as college tuition becomes more expensive and student loans become more burdensome. If employers are willing to hire graduates of these programs, traditional universities will have trouble attracting students. And they should. I know web devs who have taught themselves CS fundamentals and the stuff you mentioned, but they started with boot camp doing Rails. And why not? They were able to teach themselves this stuff while working for a good salary and getting experience for their resume. I would be very surprised if VW was the only company that did this. I hope this is a catalyst for the EPA to change to real-world emissions testing. I think reddit's issues stem from a simple case of failing to manage expectations -- the users got the idea that Reddit was a bastion of free speech where they could post anything, no matter how offensive. Apparently the corporation never really believed that, despite some of its representatives making statements that seemed to confirm it. Reddit ought to have been more straightforward with its content policy from the beginning. Some would argue that such a policy would have restricted the growth of reddit, but I think that as long as the content policy was not enforced in a heavy-handed manner, it would not have caused issues. Some users seem to feel like they are the true owners of the site, and that the corporation exists to serve them and fulfill their needs. This is another example of the corporation's failure to manage expectations. They seem to have lost control over the site they created. I'm sure Condé Nast has been asking themselves that question a lot lately. From what I know of the car industry, coding standards are very low. I don't think any car companies would look good if their code was audited by professional software engineers in other fields. Even if this is true, and I doubt that it is, it's not really that important. The real question is why people in positions of responsibility didn't prevent it from happening. Every one of your paragraphs contains a strawman. What state is that? > With Chromecast (or something similar to connect your computer to TV), and a decent Antenna, you do not really need anything else. Unless you want to watch a lot of sports. Diffs are a secondary concern. Writing code that is well-structured and readable as it currently exists is the most important thing. I think a lot of people feel trapped in a life of crime by their past, and in the case of the mafia, by most of their friends and family. If they can get a new past and new surroundings, they may take advantage of the chance to live differently. This is a version of the same argument that people make about rehabilitation generally: people with a felony conviction find it difficult to get good honest work, and many revert to living and hanging out with the same kind of people who got them in trouble in the first place. Witness protection is an extreme version of what most rehabilitation advocates are suggesting: an opportunity to start with a clean slate (i.e. no felony record that hurts employment), and avoiding bad influences from one's past. The results of witness protection seem to validate these arguments. Corollary: include an example config file somewhere, so new developers can figure out how the heck to get the app to start up properly. I always do. My company has a canonical .gitignore that we update when we see things in git repos that should not be there. It now contains all of the stupid hidden project directories for all of the major IDEs, build artifacts we don't want, and a bunch of other stuff. I highly recommend this approach. The try block method would be considered bad in most languages, and I hope it is considered bad in Python as well. Using exception handling as part of a normal flow of control is bad style, bad taste, and bad for performance. EDIT: I'm glad to see the Python documentation addresses this: https://docs.python.org/2/faq/design.html#how-fast-are-excep... It would not surprise me to see an Apple ARM chip in future Macs. The improvement to battery life would be huge. As with the Intel transition, I bet Apple already has OS X running on ARM chips. The biggest problem would be to get third-party software developers to port to ARM, especially the major ones like Adobe. Microsoft already does a lot of work for ARM, so the barrier to getting Office running on OS X on ARM might be pretty low. I hope that Docker will increase the popularity of languages like Haskell by taking away most of the problems with deployment and dependency management. If I can just create a Docker container for my ops team to deploy, without them needing to know what is inside of it, I can pretty much use any language I want. > It's less toxic than tobacco smoke. Sure, but if it is still toxic, I shouldn't have to breathe the secondhand smoke. Smokers can do what they want to their own lungs, but I don't want to be on an airplane or a bus breathing in that stuff. Are you suggesting that arguments for banning secondhand smoke in public places are equally valid arguments for banning flying and driving? > I understand that you may find e-cigarette smoke annoying but that's not a sufficient reason to ban something in a free society. Of course it is! We ban a lot of things that are annoying. We have noise ordinances and various other public nuisance laws, as do all other free societies. The difference is that vaping only benefits the vaper, but the harms caused by vaping affect everyone. In contrast, everyone in society benefits from the mobility and economic activity facilitated by transportation. Even if you never drive a car, take a bus, or even leave your house, you are better off because of cars, busses, trains, and airplanes because of the increased economic growth they facilitate. The benefit and the harm are both fully socialized. You think your ops team really knows what they are pushing? Whether you are deploying jar files, Debian packages, or Docker containers, or whatever else, the ops people rarely look inside. Their main concerns are security and performance, and those can be audited using black-box testing. Code quality has to be enforced by engineers, because ops people are not capable of doing code reviews. Not entirely. A lot of universities get taxpayer money to do research, and $1m is not out of the normal range for research funding in science and technology. If Tor should be robust against strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics, it needs to be tested by strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics. Yep. In most of the cities I've lived in in California, backyard fires have been completely banned, and fireplace fires have been restricted. > Law, not wealth, should give rights the people. Why do you think you have a right to live in a home that someone else owns, and to control the price they can charge you? People think playing the "devil's advocate" card exempts their poor arguments from criticism. It doesn't. Just ignore it, and when you fix it, select the affected lines and use the auto-indentation feature. Why do you care how it ends up being indented before you fix it, if you are paying so much attention to the stuff you are trying to download from your head? If it has always been known, then why is it making so much news? Tor's purpose is to anonymize traffic. What is it good for, if it can't do that? > Downvotes in response to an honest, well-formed, well-founded argument are the lowest form of criticism. I agree, which is why I singled out poor arguments in my comment. In Mountain View, 24 in a 35 zone will cause traffic jams and road rage. It's a busy place. It's a matter of public safety. Holding up a line of cars is likely to result in road rage, or an accident. It's also very rare for slow drivers to get ticketed. And it integrates well with other software. They constantly mention the safety of their cars as a selling point. It's not surprising that they want to take care of this as quickly as possible, before it damages the brand. On the other hand, the parents are outliers, and rose above their peers. Would you expect them to be happy if their children were mediocre? After all, what are genes for? Nope. We use rather expensive toilet paper advertised by cartoon bears. I would imagine that recruiting is harder for Yahoo than retention. It must be very difficult for them to attract good people, at all levels of the organization. > I foresee something alike the split of nurses and nurseaides happening to software developers. There'll be a few software developers capable of understanding computing from A to Z who will write the libraries and the tools, and everybody else will be a consumer of these tools writing apps for the end users. I think that's already happened to some extent, as the proliferation of coding boot camps demonstrates. On the other hand, a lot of the tools currently in use require a great deal of programming knowledge from users, e.g. Hadoop. I wish HN would implement some width controls on comments to help with horizontal eye scan... A lot of students don't work during college. They are supported by their parents' money, student loans, or a combination of both. As a Java developer who used to be a Ruby developer, I can't believe how poorly dependency versioning (and just general Ruby versioning) works. It should be simple to have multiple versions of libraries coexisting on a system. Maven can do it fairly easily. RVM and rbenv seem like hacky solutions to a problem that is easily solved by specifying dependency versions in your project. Yeah, but that's a serious problem. I can't think of other languages that suffer from this, except perhaps Python. Why should I have to install a single library in multiple places in my system, if I have multiple versions of Ruby installed? It's a disaster for upgrades and deployment. Plus, tools like RVM and rbenv seem to depend on a bunch of hacky symlinking and $PATH manipulation to make things work. Ensuring that developers' laptops have the same environment as production boxes is not trivial, no matter what the authors of these tools claim. >The article is just as data free as my single data point. No it isn't. The article contains links that confirm most of the problems it mentions. The problems may not affect you, but they definitely exist, and you can't dismiss them just because your laptop works properly. And https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essentialism The history of Python 2, 3, and 4 is a great lesson in how not to manage changes and versioning in a language. The layout and operation of this page are very frustrating. It's there, near the bottom. You have to keep clicking the down arrow at the bottom of the page to load more posts. I think the only realistic solution to this is to vendor your go dependencies. If Github ever changes its URL schema, a whole bunch of stuff is going to break. The Go maintainers have conflated what a library is and where a library is. That's an important distinction that should not be glossed over like this. Two engineers with average compensation could split at apartment at that price, and many do. So do married couples with dual incomes. I never argued in favor high rent prices. I merely pointed out that they are more affordable, to more people, than you think they are. Your misplaced moral outrage is clouding your reading comprehension. Once again, your reading comprehension needs some work. I never said that I spend that much on rent. In fact, I spend less than $2000 per month on rent. But what I spend is not relevant, because I never made any statements about myself. I was merely pointing out that the argument, "Tech employees making $200k+ are the only ones who can afford a $4k per month apartment in SF", is incorrect, and that many people who make less than $200k are living in apartments that cost that much. You don't legally "own" your number. You have the right to port it, but that is not the same thing. > There used to be a notion that it is a quintessential right for citizens to be anonymous to the government, even if that just means choosing or even just having a choice of interacting with the Government, but also being able to choose not to and forego some things. I don't believe that such a notion ever existed in a widespread way, or was a significant part of the political culture. It would effectively be a way to "opt out" of government authority. Care to provide any evidence? I could put a sign on my living room wall that says "Anyone who sees this sign owes me $100." Do you think that would hold up in court? Of course it wouldn't. Asserting something does not make it true. Your example is as trivial as mine, from a legal point of view -- you can't create constitutional rights that don't exist simply by asserting them. The courts decide where people have an expectation of privacy; you can't just create that expectation by writing it down. That's a bit far. I'll just stop using mine to plot major crimes. If you choose to disable one of the core technologies of the modern web, you'll just have to take what you can get. Why should your drug use, or anyone else's, create obligations for other people to support you, treat you, and help you overcome addiction? The libertarian case for legalizing drugs falls apart if society has to take responsibility for providing support systems as a reaction to the actions of individual drug users. Frankly, most people would rather continue to ban drugs than pay for treatment for people who abuse them. Yes, I know this is shortsighted because we already pay for the costs of incarceration and law enforcement. But that's the status quo, and changing it is going to require convincing people that the alternative is better. > Where did you detect this suggestion? From evincarofautumn's post: > However, while proceeding with legalisation, we must also establish better social support systems so that people can safely enjoy drugs in moderation. Those social support systems will cost money. They will have to be funded by taxpayers. Unless they are cheaper than the current system of enforcement and incarceration, people will not support them. Furthermore, it is more politically palatable to punish drug users than to help them. People will be morally opposed to these support systems, and will use them as a reason to oppose drug legalization. > That's also where the libertarian case falls apart for legalizing cheeseburgers, and motorcycles. Drug legalization is a political debate. This is about practicality, not pure logical argumentation. There is no political argument for legalizing cheeseburgers and motorcycles, because they are already legal. Nobody is attempting to change the status quo. If we want to legalize illegal drugs, we will have to convince people to change the status quo. Changing the status quo, which is the default position, requires evidence that the suggested alternative is superior. Yeah, the libertarian argument is basically that people ought to be able to do what they want with their own bodies, including consuming drugs, and that it's not the government's business if they endanger themselves. If drugs become legalized, the system that gets created will not fit the libertarian vision. Thats because weed does not destroy peoples minds and bodies like crack and heroin do. There is therefore no need for public health interventions on the scale of what would happen if more dangerous drugs were legalized. The major cause of the problem is the balkanization of transit planning in the Bay Area. Most metropolitan areas this size have some kind of transit authority that plans systematically for the entire region. We are stuck with multiple incompatible systems, and small NIMBY cities like Menlo Park get to block development that would benefit everyone. > Talking to a few activists about this solution and most of them say that "building your way" out of it only makes sense if you are also building affordable housing. They are incorrect. Building luxury housing will take some of the demand pressure off of non-luxury housing (which constitutes the vast majority of the housing in San Francisco), thereby lowering its price. The only way this wouldn't work is if nobody could afford to live in the new luxury housing. But we know for sure that there are plenty of people who want to, can afford to, and are moving into the newer luxury developments as soon as they are available. The lower-quality housing those people move out of is now available for people who can't afford the new luxury housing. Non-luxury housing is already being rented at market rates, except for the rent-controlled units, but those are effectively not part of the liquid housing market anyway because the tenants won't leave. Hence the recent increase in landlords trying to force the tenants out, so the housing can be rented at the market rate, like all other housing already is. Everything I wrote presupposes that all housing is rented at the market rate, including the non-luxury housing. I suppose you put quotes around "market rates" as a form of sarcasm, but aside from rent-controlled units, all housing rents at the equilibrium market rate determined by supply and demand. If someone jacks up the price of older apartments and is still able to find tenants, all that proves is that those apartments had been rented out at a price below the market rate before now. The market rate is quite simply the amount people are willing to pay. Quite a few of the best software engineers in the world live in the Bay Area and do not want to leave, and the larger players want to hire them. They could hire engineers elsewhere for a lot less money, but they want to hire these specific engineers, and are willing to pay what it takes. You should have got off the freeway. There is new construction everywhere in Redwood City, for example. Most of the 101 corridor has been built up for decades. The construction is not happening right next to the freeway. I couldn't give a percentage, but there are a lot of biotech companies in the peninsula, especially in South San Francisco, and Kaiser Permanente is one of the largest employers in the area. UCSF and Stanford Medical Center are also major employers. Plus, the fact that someone is technical does not always mean they want to fiddle with getting chat systems working. None of the engineers in my department would be willing to mess with IRC when Hipchat and Slack provide turnkey solutions that just work, the first time you open them, and require no configuration or special treatment. If you want that to change, support changes in patent law. You can't expect any company to act against its own self interest while other companies take full advantage of the system. In other words, don't hate the player; hate the game. It would be trivially easy for an engineer to add a GPL-licensed dependency to a project without realizing it, perhaps via a transitive dependency, thereby causing the company to be in breach of the GPL. If you don't audit, you don't know if you are in breach of the GPL or not. Your corporate counsel will want you to audit. You can't reasonably take any action, including open sourcing your project or even posting code snippets on a company engineering blog, until you know which licenses you actually use. Try running mvn:dependency-tree on any large enterprise Java project, and see what comes out. If you told me you were familiar with every single library in the output, I would not believe you. I like the idea that people who want to use things will be able to continue using them in the future. Nobody is forcing you to use them. I was surprised when the tech scene took off in Austin in the first place, given that the Dallas/Ft. Worth/Richardson area has a much higher concentration of tech companies and tech workers. Actually, there are quite a few other differences, including the fact that Ponzi schemes are intentionally fraudulent, and the fact that the many of the "overhyped" startups actually do have a chance at succeeding, which is proved by the fact that some do succeed. I forget that 3D Touch exists because I own an iPad, which does not have it. After using the iPad for a while, I stopped trying to use 3D Touch on my phone, because I got conditioned to the idea that it isn't there. > Thunderbird & Firefox, the only browsers that were designed with the intelligent and free user in mind That's not remotely close to being true. It's very obvious that many of the people and organizations active in San Francisco politics do not understand economics 101. They say some really stupid things, and voters believe them. There are certainly productive conversations to be had within a rational economic paradigm, but too many of the participants reject the paradigm, and therefore no productive conversation with them can occur. For example, here is one opinion piece from the Examiner, in which the author writes, "But supply and demand does not apply to housing": http://www.sfexaminer.com/nato-green-do-the-math-you-cant-bu... Here is another paper, by the founder of the Coalition of San Francisco Neighborhoods and the Council of Community Housing Organizations, which denies that supply and demand operate in the San Francisco housing market: http://www.sfhac.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/calvin-welch... You wrote: > Nobody believes or has claimed that supply and demand are "not real" and reducing the housing crisis to "Econ 101" is highly disingenuous. I responded by providing links demonstrating that there are indeed people active in SF media and politics who need an econ 101 lesson, which rebuts your assertion that "nobody" does. There are many other articles by SF activists that are similar to the links I provided. There is nothing disingenuous about "reducing" the housing crisis to econ 101 when many of the people involved clearly need an econ 101 lesson. The econ 101 meme is convenient because it is true, and because it is very obvious that many people involved in the discussion don't understand economics. > San Francisco does not want to be Hong Kong. San Francisco does not want to be Manhattan. What people actually want for their city -- that is, the desires of the people that already live there -- will always trump the demands of people who wish they could live there. The people who live there are getting what they voted for -- restrictive housing policies and rent control. The voters caused this situation. They just don't understand enough about econ 101 to realize it. If they did, they would change their minds. People want to move to SF, and bring their money and their labor power with them, and nobody can or should prevent that -- most cities would welcome that kind of investment. The city can accommodate their need for housing, or not. If the city does not accommodate the newcomers' need for housing, it is the existing residents who will suffer most, because the newcomers are generally richer than the existing residents and are better able to compete for housing. > Sure it does. People aren't living in tents (generally speaking). Population can't grow unless the housing supply does. Population can grow even if the housing supply does not, if the existing population becomes concentrated into fewer dwellings. Bay Area residents who used to have their own apartments or houses are now renting rooms and sharing apartments or houses with others. The people moving here are generally wealthier or higher paid than the existing residents, and will not be deterred from moving here until the number of high-paying job openings decreases. Regarding living in tents, there has been a noticeable increase in the homeless population in recent years. It's not clear if they were displaced from housing or came here from somewhere else, but there is no denying the increase. The quote from the developer, in the article, makes it look like she left to avoid dealing with the FBI: > "I was worried they'd ask me to do something that hurts innocent people -- and prevent me from telling people it's happening," she said in an exclusive interview with CNNMoney. This is also fairly convincing: > Lovecruft had intended to move to Germany someday, but she put those plans on overdrive. She booked a flight to Berlin that weekend, including a return flight she had no intention of taking -- just to avoid raising suspicions. It has been established that she had already been considering a move to Germany. That is not at issue here. The issue is whether or not she timed her departure to avoid contact with the FBI. If she did, the article's premise is justifiable. She bought a return ticket she did not intend to use, to throw the FBI off her trail. She would not have done that if not to avoid the FBI. Given this, and her own statements in the CNN article, the evidence that she timed her departure to avoid contact with the FBI is overwhelming. Lots of insecure butthurt and resentment in this article, and not much substance. Way to split hairs. There is a major difference, and you know it. > Tower 7 was fucking pulled. I know it. The core of engineers know it. And the fundamental laws of physics demand it. Oh, I see. You're one of those people. > If you have good test coverage and CI than it really doesn't matter that Ruby and Python don't check your types. People say this a lot, but it's not true unless you have 100% coverage, 100% control over the data that gets input into your program, and you can think of every possible test case that covers every possible situation that can occur. Many of the tests you have to write for programs in dynamic languages are simply not necessary for strongly typed languages. Furthermore, compilers for static languages catch (or warn about) a lot of problems that would otherwise have to be reproduced by the kinds of test cases nobody is likely to think of -- this results in bugs making it to production when you use dynamic languages. Java is faster than Python and Ruby for almost every use case. > (Also, Java compile times are not zero. Even waiting a minute for a large compile is enough to create a break in concentration.) I don't know how you define "large," but I work on Java projects that have several thousand classes and compile in less than a minute. Maybe you have a slow computer. > However, the metric author uses is development time, and by that metric more expressive languages will always win, hands down. Fair enough, but development time is a small factor in the life of an important project. If you want to prototype and get your minimum viable product out the door, go ahead and use dynamic languages. You'll probably end up rewriting it later, but that's a tradeoff you have to weigh. It's a viable approach taken by many startups. On the other hand, if you are working on a project that will live for years, you will be more concerned about maintainability, adaptability to changing requirements, interaction with other services, quality tooling, and runtime speed than you will about the time it takes to write the first release version. This is a big advantage of static typing that people miss -- the restrictions it puts on developers help them to learn the codebase they are working with. In the real world, where engineers contribute to existing codebases more often than they start projects from scratch, this is a pretty important benefit. How long ago was that? > You still end up getting hit with null pointers and invalid argument errors. Those are not the kinds of problems a type system is intended to solve. Those are problems of data, not of types. The amount of boilerplate in a Java program is pretty low if you aren't trying to abuse or work around the type system. It certainly is not 10x what you end up with in Ruby or Python. Java 8 has made significant improvements, but it wasn't that bad before in many cases. Instead of trying to work around Java's type safety, you should learn to use it properly. Good programmers think about types whether or not they are forced to by the language, so the restrictions imposed by Java should not be burdensome -- in general, you should already be mentally applying some of those restrictions to your code so you can avoid passing the wrong types around. Nulls are not a problem type systems are intended to solve -- they are a feature of type systems that was created on purpose. You might not like them, but that doesn't mean they constitute an oversight or omission on the part of the designers of the type system -- they wanted them there. They are useful. Many people misunderstand the option type in Java. It was created to make stream processing easier. It was not intended for general use, as in other languages. Regarding illegal arguments, they are unavoidable in any type system. Suppose you defined a function that splits a string into an array of n-grams, to which you pass the string as well as int n. If you pass an n which is greater than the length of the string, no type system will help you figure out what to do. It's just an invalid/illegal argument, and you will either have to decide what to return for that case (maybe an empty array, or even... null), or throw some kind of exception. So what? He's wrong. How would Idris provide a solution to the situation in my example? The fact that most of these replies mention esoteric langiages that have no traction in industry kind of proves my point. Your experience must be limited. That is not how Lisp works. You are just wrong. So instead of checking if a variable is null, I have to check if the variable is a Maybe type, and if it contains a value. I hope you can see how this is pretty much the same as checking if a variable is null. It takes just as much work, and has the same outcome. This makes no sense. No language can know the value of a variable at compile time, unless that variable is a constant. If the function you have defined is passed a string s and an int n, where n is greater than len(s), there is no way the compiler can know that will happen in advance. It will be a runtime error. IllegalArgumentException is also a runtime error. You have not solved anything. A compiled language cannot know what the value of a variable is at compile time, unless the variable is a constant. Therefore, there cannot possibly be a way to avoid the problem I described in my example, unless your program exists in a a closed world where there are no inputs, and the values of all variables are defined before compilation. > So, it sounds like if you can't provably account for all possible inputs, the compiler will recognise this and throw an error. How? Magic! (And a solver, feeding your type constraints into the totality checker, I guess...) That would make many practical, real-world programs noncompilable. Any program which accepts data via API calls, or even reads strings from STDIN, cannot know what values are going to be passed to it before it runs. Compilers cannot predict the future. > Your objection is like looking at a pen-and-paper proof that a program terminates and saying it is invalid because of the halting problem. That is a true statement for any program that accepts input, strictly speaking. The halting problem is unsolvable. Do you think the government should release plans and schematics for nuclear and biological weapons? Or maybe the IRS should release every tax return it has ever received? Or in a time of war, we should announce where all of our troops are going in advance? True civil disobedience is predicated on being willing to accept the legal consequences. Otherwise, acts of disobedience are not civil, but constitute rejection of the concept of rule of law. Snowden thinks the law should not apply to him. He denies it, but he has demonstrated it by his actions, particularly by the fact that he ran away into the arms of a dictator. Here is my counter-example. It is the console output of Clisp 2.49: Break 1 [2]> (declaim (ftype (function (string) t) foo)) NIL Break 1 [2]> (defun foo (x) (print x)) FOO Break 1 [2]> (foo "hello") "hello" "hello" Break 1 [2]> (foo nil) NIL NIL Break 1 [2]> There were no errors. The function accepted nil and printed it. You must have some other type restrictions going on than what you mentioned. The output is the same whether I put the declaim statement before or after defun foo. He has been a rather docile propaganda symbol for the Russian state ever since he got there. If he doesn't want to be there, he's got an odd way of showing it. If Elop had bet on Android instead of Windows Phone, Nokia would probably be doing well. What makes you think Nokia would have ended up like Samsung/Motorola/HTC rather than Xiaomi/Huawei/etc? Nokia at least had a chance to be one of the profitable ones. Hardware is the differentiator. I agree. I'm a self-taught programmer, and I think the learning curve was reduced quite a bit because I had been using Linux on the desktop for years, and I was already familiar with the shell and many of the system concepts. My new-grad coworkers have more trouble with the build systems, version control systems, deploy systems, and servers than they do with writing code. I think it would be beneficial if more CS programs had a course focused real-world tooling as it is used in the workplace. n++; // increment n I do backend software in Java. I hate web dev. ++n; // don't touch this unless you know what you are doing I find it very naive to assume that basic income will be implemented as a simple, straightforward, clean replacement of our current welfare systems. Our current, messy, complicated, unsuccessful welfare systems is the result of many powerful political, social, and moral tendencies and forces, which will reshape basic income in the same way they shaped the welfare system in the first place. There will be many attempts to give some people more income than others -- and some of those attempts will be justified. After several years, we will end up re-creating our current welfare systems, for the same reasons we created them in the first place. Society is not a clean slate upon which any policies can be successfully imposed. Unless those political, social, and moral forces change or disappear, basic income won't be very basic after the politicians, and the voters, get their hands on it. Tyler Cowen's thoughts on the matter are very perceptive: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... It's not just the US that is like this. Every country is. Put another way: Things are the way they are for powerful reasons (which may or may not be justifiable). You can't just ignore these reasons when you create policy, otherwise those reasons will cause things to revert to the way they were before. Proponents of basic income will have to overcome many peoples' moral intuitions about who deserves help, and who should have to work for a living. If these moral intuitions remain the same, basic income won't be basic for long -- people will vote to give more money to the disabled, less money to felons, and so on. Should people receive basic income while incarcerated due to a criminal conviction? Someone will come along who suggests that members of certain racial groups should receive more money in the basic income program as a form of affirmative action, to compensate for past wrongs. Maybe people who choose to work should get more money under basic income, as an incentive for others to choose to work. Should people who inherit a lot of money have their basic income reduced? I think it's pretty clear that the first time someone makes a change of the kind I listed above, the cat will be out of the bag, and basic income won't be "basic" income anymore. Then the argument that basic income should treat everyone the same will become useless to defend against further changes. You can't really preserve the purity of a policy design when the voters want to change it. There is also the danger of everyone voting to increase their income, to the extent that the program runs out of money. I think these moral intuitions can be changed, but only through a gradual phase-in of benefits over time. Of course, that's exactly what has been happening over the past century or so, and it's what led to the welfare systems we have today. My somewhat small company does this for Debian packages, maven artifacts, etc. We use Artifactory for all of it. In San Francisco, you can park in front of your own driveway. I think Cisco is going to end up like HP. Not yet. They still have good revenue and a large share of the market, and new engineering grads still want to work there. It would be nice if an industry standard developed around Oauth for financial data. It would be far easier for data aggregators to use, and far safer for customers as well. That's not what would happen. Such a simple, elegant system would never make it through congress. It's frankly naive to believe that UBI would be implemented the way libertarians envision it. There are many reasons to believe that we would end up with UBI in addition to most of the programs we currently have. They are the same reasons we have the programs we have now, and those reasons will continue to operate in politics and society. This is the best-written take on the subject I've seen so far: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... I would be all for UBI if I thought it was possible to implement it in a simple and effective way, but that can't happen in a democracy, especially not ours. Judging by some recent statements by Jamie Dimon and others, the banks would much rather provide this information via secure APIs than allow screen scraping to continue. Cultivating personal connections is the most important thing. Keep in touch with your former coworkers who have moved on to other companies. Many jobs are filled by referrals. I should also point out that after the 2008 crash, none of my tech worker friends were unemployed. That's anecdotal, but whatever. Tech was the first industry to bounce back, and the larger companies didn't lay many people off. Even if the tech bubble bursts, instead of slowly deflating as I expect it to, I think tech workers will still be the most recession-proof demographic around here. I used Padmapper back when it had access to Craigslist data. Now, I just use Craigslist itself. So does everyone else I know. There aren't a lot of better options, aside from cold-calling apartment management companies. Everyone lists on Craigslist. I think what happens is that every property manager and landlord lists on Craigslist, as well as a few other places. Craigslist is pretty much a superset of all apartment ads in the area. Some of these other sites copy Craigslist, and some just have duplicate postings put there by the landlords. It's also a real pain to call Scala code from Java, which makes blending Java and Scala code in a project, or adding Scala code to an existing Java project, much less attractive. Why is it sad, and why should it be prevented? If I decide to trade my privacy for something I want, I should be able to do that. How exactly would my lack of privacy weaken anyone else's privacy? Is this just a generic slippery-slope argument? What is the causal mechanism that would cause my lack of privacy to effect anyone else's? > The network effects of popular but privacy invading platforms are what allows the lack of privacy to spread. That's just a bunch of handwaving. Be specific about causality. "Network effects" is pretty much equivalent to "stuff just happens for some reason." > Someone who's not even on Facebook but just happens to know you now has a shadow profile and their biometric data indexed somewhere in Facebook's database. I don't believe that for a second. That's a wild accusation made with no evidence. It's very likely that it would be easier for her to kill herself with illegal drugs in jail than outside of jail. I believe we call it "insurance." Also, "detachment." > The downside is that they may insist on over-fitting the solution to their particular needs. They will have a strong sense of entitlement regarding this, considering how helpful they are being with their investment and their willingness to deal with pre-1.0 bugs and instability. That just means you have to choose this kind of customer carefully, because you'll have to do what they want, and you should make sure that what they want will also be wanted by other customers in the same space. Why would someone write an article like this if they didn't have an agenda? Every author has biases, whether or not they are conscious or overt. The better approach is to use your critical thinking skills and avoid ad hominem judgments about the author. I suspect that regulation will result in more censorship. For example, EU regulations regarding the "right to be forgotten" have resulted in Google being legally required to remove items from search results that Google would not have removed otherwise. > This is such a throw away line i'm not sure why you added it. If you understood it, you would not have written something so naive as "Honesty, i wish articles like this were written by people without agendas, so that real discussions would be had." > (I find it funny that every sibling comment basically says i shouldn't have done that, and says "you should discuss the thing, not the biases", which is a fair point. Meanwhile, you are saying we should discuss the biases). They are just pointing out your hypocrisy. > This is pretty ridiculous. I don't expect people having an opinion on child sex trafficking and talking about biases those article authors have to disclose whether they were abused as children, and are thus biased etc. That's not analogous. This is not about pre-emptive disclosure of bias. It is about disclosing the author's bias without disclosing your own, which constitutes dishonestly representing yourself as an uninterested party while maligning the author for pushing an agenda. It's unfair at best, and intentionally deceptive at worst. An analogous situation would be like this: someone reads an article about child sex trafficking and criticizes it because of the author's bias, without mentioning their own relevant bias. What you did is analogous: you criticized an author for having an anti-Google bias, without mentioning that you work at Google. > Long term, we now have control of our future. Not really. Your future is just as bound up with the future of Europe as it was before. The only real difference is that instead of negotiating with the EU as a member, you will have to negotiate as an outsider who has considerably less leverage, and who has recently pissed everyone off. And when you negotiate with non-EU countries, it will be even worse for you. As a member of the EU, you had international clout and represented the world's largest free-trade market. Now all you have to offer is your own domestic market. You overestimate your importance in the world economy if you think you can now get trade deals with non-EU countries that are as good as the deals you could have got as a member of the EU. It's also been interesting to watch the Leave campaigners rapidly begin backtracking on their promises to reduce immigration. You simply can't afford to reduce immigration at this point -- it would shrink your economy. Immigration is a response to the demand for workers, and if that demand goes unfilled because of restrictive immigration policies, all of you will suffer. So, don't expect the government to impose significant reduction in immigration. Immigration will only decrease when your demand for workers decreases. As a non-EU country, I suppose you will avoid the "html link tax" and some other bureaucratic EU regulations you don't like, but in the areas that really matter for your future, e.g. the economy, you will be worse off. In the area that energized many leave voters, immigration, you cannot realistically expect much to change, and whatever changes will happen in the future because of decreased demand for workers probably would have happened anyway.