Learn whichever language is closest to your application. If you want to make a blog, go take a look at some blogging software already out there and learn the language it's written in. (Wordpress -> PHP w/ HTML & CSS just because they're always helpful) Then, once you've got your feet wet, learn another one. I feel like I never understood one language until I could compare it to another. Python and Ruby are great for hammering out functionality and learning. Common Lisp/Scheme are great for widening your perception of how problems can be solved. I don't want to say much about C because I'm not proficient with it, but it definitely gives you a closer feeling to how your computer runs your code even if it obfuscates the problem a little. Learn Haskell/OCaml when you're feeling lucky. They will break your brain and then rebuild it in crazy, inventive new ways. I'm glad to see things like this on Hacker News. Sure it has relatively little to do with the regular topics, but it's the kind of interesting thing that I'd like to find from people who populate here. Digital Signal Processing/Intro to Signal Processing has been one of the most interesting classes I've taken so far. Haskell is fun in that you get to write things using combinators, through abusing laziness, and in a style that feels very mathematical. It makes me program utility function combinators in other languages, which is excellent. It's not so fun the moment you want to use more than one Monad at once, though. This is interesting because it's a good way to look at the domain of language not in its power or application but its audience. Haskell: Because programming isn't enough like math Mozart: Because Prolog is pretty foreign Lisp: Because parens are really underappreciated ; ) I'm no expert, but I'd suggest two things. First, while learning recognize the tricky learning curve and keep poking at complex material as you learn. Macros especially feel dense and frivolous before you see them in action. I'd suggest On Lisp both for being full of excellent examples and free. If you're looking at Scheme, then keep SICP by you at all times. Secondly, more so than in other languages, code to learn. Lisp's parentheses are a turn off to everyone until they reach some critical mass of application and understanding. Learning Lisp reminds me of learning Chinese: the very medium you write with is vastly different from the norm and rather complex, but as you get into it you learn that there is a whole lot of sense to it. Not to snipe at anyone, but skills like this seem pretty essential in solving problems in general. Little tricks from linear algebra like magnitude (what this post concerns) and projections show up in interesting and useful places. Additionally, while they /are/ harder to access, reading and understanding various proofs in Math can be an even more beautiful and enlightening experience than just seeing the practical result. Maybe it's the difference between realizing that setf can be using on all the generalized variables and actually reading the source and seeing why. Math is full of clever hacks. I cannot cite the article, because I read it a long time go, but the author made a point which immediately reflected my experiences with pure FP: FP is all about the glue. What I think will be interesting is using FP (or at least FP style) to glue together solutions to problem which are best expressed using non-pure methods. I think about that whenever I use Monads in Haskell, though they're still awkward. I think FP will teach programmers the potential advantages of making things pure, perhaps even at great effort. It's not always what we're after, but when you can manage that level of simplicity, FP is exploring what kinds of payoff you can make. It doesn't seem like they show evidence for anything more than significant correlation. Other theories (like birth trauma reduction) could explain it just as well. Tai Ji is incredible in my experience, but it does take a lot of initial investment. My classes are probably the least interesting part of college for me. Being in an environment full of various really interesting bleeding-edge developments kicks ass though. I work in neurobiology, code whatever projects are interesting to me, calculate methods for signaling between autonomous vehicles, and am 5 minutes away from talking to someone right in the middle of solving problems in quantum physics or international affairs. And then I go to class. Oh well. I suppose college isn't perfect. I think the book he wrote is even more interesting. My ex-girlfriend was exceedingly smart, but in her young life did poorly being judged as ADD and Dyslexic. I got the opposite treatment with gifted programs and expanded curricula. When we compared symptoms, though, we were generally the same. I wonder how many children in "special" education should actually be in gifted education... Norvig always has exceptional essays. This kind of understanding should be prerequisite to being allowed to read scientific papers. At the very least it's required to demonstrate personal credibility when talking about said papers. Aie! Attack of the floaty yinyang troupe! The presentation is incredible. Reminiscent of iminlikewithyou without the total Flex overhaul. I also like the little artist details that pop up while you listen. There's a styling "error" in Safari 3.0 Mac: the rounded corner sprite is PNG which displays at slightly different color temperatures on different browsers. It's causing all of your rounded boxes to get dark stripes where it doesn't match the CSS background. Just use GIF. I feel like more and more this dumbing down of college leads into making undergraduate degrees a second high school diploma. That begs the suggestion that grad school becomes the "new" college, but that kind of idea isn't too fun in the Startup Crowd. The idea of a reading protocol is a pretty essential concept. I appreciate the author carefully detailing such a protocol for Mathematics, and I imagine this exercise would be pretty simply done for code as well. I'd vie that Mathematics is much more subtle, in general, than code: average reading speed something like 0-15 "concepts" (because we all know how terrible LOC is) in 30 minutes, depending, of course, on how subtle the code is, how skillful the reader, and how elegant the coder. What worries me is how long it'll take to get the HTML5 Bandpass filter and how frustrating it'll be for the first 5 years after adoption writing the same site twice. V. by Thomas Pynchon The Life of Pi by Yann Martel the McSweeney's Quarterly Concern (Not a book per se, but very enjoyable) Shakespeare (Everything, I'm surprised he's only been mentioned once so far) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe Shogun by James Clavell Then, of course, the regular hodgepodge of Card, Asimov, Adams, Gaiman, Pratchet, Stephenson, Feynman, and that LOTR guy, Tolkey or sommat. (In all seriousness, though, all of these authors are phenomenal, if well-known for being such) It's clearly a very forced analysis, and, like you said, just drips with cliched, volumeless argument. That being said, I'm pretty sure it was posted with some degree of self-referential humor. The idea of analyzing Valve games critically is pretty good, though. They're one of the few studios which makes games worth analyzing! I'd like to see articles like those. Social websites refute this a bit. If you want to connect with people then, generally, you need to have a similar package of web apps as they. Meditation can do wonders. Just sit somewhere comfortable, give yourself 30 minutes, and don't think about anything. It can take practice -- maybe a lot of practice -- but the mental and physical recharge it gives is very refreshing. I find that the trick is scheduling it. Even if you can't turn off, just try for all 30 minutes. Eventually you'll get somewhere. I liken it to getting into the Flow at doing nothing. The problem is arguably that the indirection is really, really costly. Just today I wrote a custom template tag I needed in order to factor out some functionality common to every view on my application. In RoR it would have been maybe 2 lines, but that custom tag was more like 15. I still adore Django for its efforts to remove all the "magic" code, though. Brand development is still deadly important. No one is going to use your site if they can't remember it. If your competitors are on par with you feature-wise, the one with the stronger brand is going to win. That being said, if your opponents aren't on par with you feature-wise, well... Learn many languages as soon as you feel interested. See programing from as many points of view as possible. Now lets hope that avoiding IE8 quirks mode will be intuitive enough to make this announcement pure godsend. This metaphor doesn't work as well as it seems. Architecture firms don't personally build the buildings they design. It's probable that someone dealing with "the semantic web" and fitting in with "new media" companies actually should build websites. Even if they're only working on the back-end solutions, having a poor website is more like an architecture firm having a terribly designed office which undermines the customer's confidence. The School of Expression book is pretty nice and the only one I've had serious experience with, I'd definitely suggest taking a look at it. One thing about the Haskell community that is a breath of cool, minty and decidedly fresh air is that #haskell is actually a great channel to hang out in and ask questions. They have a very powerful bot, Lambdabot, there which helps with examples and manual searching and the people are generally extraordinarily patient and helpful. I'd say that once you get through the basics, heading to IRC to ask some more complex questions is not a bad idea. Prepare to have your mind blown, though, as topics that roam there can be pretty heady sometimes. It's pretty similar to the previous Casting Spels in Lisp tutorial in that it's overly cute and loquacious but does manage to approach a heady topic with some degree of innocence. It's more targeted as an intro to Haskell for the light hobbyist, really. Kind of juvenile. Interesting if you've never heard of the concept before, silly otherwise. Not a typical topic, but fine writing is just as much hacking as programming... or painting. Fantastic. With dense code, you have to think about every word. With sparse code, you have to think along with every line/block/idiom. Both require the (same?) thought process, but with dense code you get two advantages: - You can look ahead easier and get a bird's-eye-view - Once you learn an operator, recognizing it (and writing it correctly) becomes a single word instead of said line/block/idiom. My guess is that [uvar _ topcolor] is a function similar to (lambda (x) (uvar x topcolor)). That's just a guess, but once I learn whatever it is, I'd wage that it's easier to recognize and debug the bracket syntax. I certainly agree with the point that the cartoon aesthetic needs to be dropped in lieu of higher resolution data. Sparklines are an obvious (and very Tufte) solution. Bonus round: what font is the header "arial or helvetica" set in? Haskell's type system will bring a lot of pain first. And then one day it'll click (like macros) and then it makes everything simple. Title typo? 新年快乐！ 这个白人看得懂。 Also: cadr. "Firest" doesn't have the same ring. If you can prove you're an established firm they'll let you have it for 30 days and disassemble it. Who's to say typophiles aren't hackers? When you're first leaning languages, "command" of a language probably ends up being defined as a solid working knowledge of the syntax. However, the real deal is when you understand the solution pattern suggested by the language. When you start to break down problems into objects, functions, or types before you even touch a keyboard, then you've really gotten somewhere. Lock picking and safe cracking are pretty much wet equivalents to computer cracking. It's a very hackerish hobby as long as it's done in a mature, non-destructive way. I don't put a lot of money into it, but working on new locks is a nice way to kill time and relax my mind. The parallels between mathematics and Haskell were what initially drew me to learn the language. If you're looking for a 100-year language, it can't hurt to keep an eye on math. It's kind of like a lisp first written 3000 years ago. Full voting history, probably, yes. Number of votes (some relation to activity, perhaps) not so much. Anything that's obviously going to make it easy to reverse engineer anonymous things isn't a good idea, but that doesn't mean you can't still find interesting gems. Nice hack In this case, the "equivalent" code isn't a line that produces the same result, but is instead a line that illustrates the dynamic culture of the given language's evolution. For Arc, right now, practically every line is an equivalent. Elegant. So how do you break out of these things? I'd think the best way is to recognize that these "prevailing paradigms" are just models for the world that only have some degree of applicability. If you want to create the next paradigm shift, you need to figure out where the current paradigm breaks down. Look for the rough edges: the places where the solution doesn't quite fit the problem contour. That question is somewhat interesting just a little off-topic in this thread. In Arc, that line would be: (reduce + (range 1 100)) which is nice, but not much different from Scheme. Pretty readable. or you can do 3 milliseconds * c Write a toy web server. It'll get you up to par with how the requests actually happen which is a good base for understanding CGI and the more complex systems. For applications launching soon it's worth noting that Django is in a period of flux at the moment. Ver 1.0 is being actively worked toward and will break backwards compatibility. I mean, no one is keeping you from working using Django .96, but several of the neater features in the platform (ContentTypes & Generic relations) are a little sketchy at the moment. You already called this argument, but... ... if you can avoid PHP. It will do all those things mentioned above, and more and more Python and Ruby are becoming common. Of course not. It's practically requisite to understanding Rails or Django and is not so hard a project that you can't start to tackle it quickly (by reading any of the hundreds of simple web server tutorials online) Now there just needs to be an economist to drop in and sneak an entry with a 9% improvement. Statistics and math are excellent tools, but they're quite blind. Agree on 1-4. 5 is probably a non-issue since inverting the gradient is really increasingly common as a hover state "common design is good design". My take: the BBC redesign takes 99% of its ideas from Web Two Point Oh and has never heard of people like, say, Tufte. Thanks, BBC, for updating your site and making it customizable. No thanks for changing the visual style. And why is there a clock ? I already have a clock right there on my screen and it's digital . I agree with your opinion of OS X being related to Disney. I highly disagree with any suggestion that that should be an insult. Disney might not produce the absolutely biggest roller coasters — nor did they really hit on the "Future World" with EPCOT — but they do a lot of things extremely well. Disney accommodates its market extremely well, builds massive installations internationally, has an unearthly attention to detail (just look at the lettering on the signs in the Magic Kingdom or the Tree of Life), has strategic ties all over the place, does fantastic feats of engineering, and, oh yeah, consistently pulls in massive profit. It's had its flops, but it's been in the game forever. You might not like its product, but that probably means you're just not in the target audience and no one is forcing you to buy a ticket. And even if you're not in the target audience you can still appreciate the value other people get out of it. (Disclaimer: I'm an OS X user. Before that I used both Windows and Linux for years at a time. I'm still routinely exposed to and do work with all three) Agreed. Additionally, I hate the rhetoric of Full Disclosure suggesting that somehow, now that you've explicitly mentioned why you are in no good position to write an article, your biases are no longer affecting you. The guy just wants to whine and to point blame at a good thing. By intent, sure, but it's often used that way. I'm mostly just wary when I hear it used — even though I've used it myself. Healthcare, as many others here point out, is difficult, bureaucratic, and potentially unstable do to the political climate; however, medicine is no so bad overall. There are medical technologies growing constantly and while it does involve a little more initial investment some of these areas approach "startup" levels of innovation and risk. I'd suggest there may be more variety on the "healthcare" side the real estate. Another criticism of the article: http://itre.cis.upenn.edu/~myl/languagelog/archives/005422.h... The Language Log tends to be a little scathing, but this is a bit more restrained. A couple of opposing views on the matter from ALA: Against: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/theyshootbrowsers and For: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/minorthreat I, myself, am very glad for this decision! This is that fight. It's the hope that not implementing opt-out version targeting is a precedent that IE8 will continue to follow. The IE team recently has shown great dedication to bringing new versions of IE up to par with the standards set out by the W3C. I would not be surprised if they are close to on par with adoption alongside the other browsers, and with no opt-out version targeting we'll be able to more immediately see these changes take place. The two problems with html table designs are loss of accessibility and semantics. CSS tables do indeed combat both of these by separating content from presentation. The part that you're sore over is just the name. I agree, as it goes, but that doesn't mean CSS tables are obscuring intent. Of course avoiding tables doesn't automatically make things accessible. It makes it possible to be accessible. Accessibility is tricky. For instance, one of the largest things that HTML tables break is the linear flow of the page. For people using screen readers or text-only browsers it becomes far, far more difficult to understand the content of a page. CSS tables can be applied with consideration only against the hierarchal structure of the page allowing you to write pages that are accessibly legible yet stylish. That is unless you want to make whole new versions of your site for any number of accessibility domains: modern browsers, IE 6-, blind people, lynx, mobile browsers, mobile safari, colorblind people, &c. Good luck with SEO on all of those, too. Regular and mobile browsing is one major exception. It's also generally not the trend that I'm referring to. A good site probably does make up to three versions for screen, mobile, and print views. Some sites might even, serendipitously, make out by just changing the stylesheet. Avoiding table based layouts is not the definition of accessibility and I never implied that. They are frequently a symptom of poor accessibility, however, and then they almost always obscure the intended hierarchy of a page which defeats accessibility for text based browsers and screen readers and messes with SEO. This is a nice case study for OCaml. Note that this doesn’t mean that an engineer is any less creative than a hacker. On the contrary, the constraints provided by the engineering problem can provoke more creative and original thinking than that of the original invention. Take a look at that quote and then read this article: http://alistapart.com/articles/oncreativity Hacking is not necessarily a very creative endeavor. Instead it is more inspiring. The non-parallelism in the name of this service is really a problem as far as brand and influence goes, but I'm interested to see if the service is actually useful. It's fun to split these right down the middle into interface design and application design. They tend to fall almost completely into one of those categories. This has to do with the context where I learned Euler's Equation, but I can never separate it from Fourier and (later) Laplace transforms. Those are all so beautiful and mind blowing. Hilbert spaces. Haskell (not just monads, though they were impressive too) To take it up a notch, everything in your body is composed of left over bits of exploded stars. Lisp macros You can also deconstruct and rebuild that ball into another one of infinite size, I believe. I'm not sure if you can do infinite off the top of my head, but I'm certain of at least arbitrary . Pretty much everything that involves abusing the Axiom of Choice ends up trippy and fun. Okay, true, but I'll stand by a "nearly everything" since a very large subset of organic molecules are composed entirely of atoms lighter than Fe. We're probably safe to say that only small parts of your body require more exotic cosmological phenomena for their base material. I see this as being a pretty good way of doing this, too. Uncertain stories, stories with little Karma, are riskier business and are therefore more expensive to support, but if they're good stories the payoff can be lucrative when large parts of the community agree. Amie.st sort of does this. So does thesixtyone. Basically, award original motion and value increasing actions by Karma. (Also, as some other comments mention, there should be some risk — cost — involved in taking those actions) Disincentives to voting give more abstract value to an upmod. Right now the only thing that gives an upmod value is that you can only upmod a story once. Without some sort of constraint the only thing keeping people from upmodding continuously and rampantly is... RSI! As long as we're naming things: Y Combinator acts as a startup hearth — just a little bit of support from money, but included is an environment which promotes growth. Bingo, I was being hyperbolic there. The core idea is that upmods and downmods need to embody some sense of value. Without a buy-in cost, the only contributing source of value is 1-vote-per-story exclusivity. Without a buy-in cost, nothing is stopping me (edit: or someone else , hah. I don't mean to implicate myself for the sake of rhetoric) from getting a bot together to upmod every single story essentially nullifying the benefit of my vote and still maximizing the return. Addendum after the edit period: Wavelet transforms also go on this list. I don't know that I was surprised by the CLT itself. What surprised me about it was how nice it made everything else. In some sense there are whole books full of theorems which go from tedious and complex to 12-year-old simple in just 3 letters. The simplicity and difficulty of Bayes' Law. I honestly have a difficult time understanding the AC paradoxes, too. I recognize that it's totally necessary for many things (i.e. multidimensional integrals) and when it's consistent with a logical conclusion I have little trouble "seeing" it. Otherwise, though, not so much. I think it's interesting to see the connection between the AC and the Law of Excluded Middle which also causes paradoxical issues from time to time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axiom_of_choice#Law_of_the_excl... I know this is hardly the most salient point, but... ... the HBase logo is fantastic ! Oh, and it's also great to see open source contributions like that. Good job all around, Powerset! I'd reiterate that you it doesn't matter what language you learn first. You wont really understand any language until you've learned a couple of others and are able to see programming from several perspectives. This must be sarcastic, right? For limited use of varied typography you can use flash very selectively by using Sifr ( http://www.mikeindustries.com/sifr ) I learned that using code as data is more powerful than anyone who hasn't used Lisp can understand. Unfortunately, most languages make it a pain in the ass. I long for macros almost every time I program something in Python. What is that picture of? And why? Seems like a neat idea excepting that BitTorrent doesn't support changing content that well afaik. You just made this thread my all-time HN favorite. Here here! Taking a look at that link (and then going to the YC main page again) made me realize how cool that lecture hall you guys have is. Any chance there are some photos around of the "YC Offices" just for the curious? It's definitely more stark, but O(N) would have gotten a chuckle from the intended audience and a nod to Randall for getting his complexity right . But I'm just advocating for the devil... I have to agree with Atwood, sort of. I actually see it as a wider condition. You Weren't Meant to Have a Boss has a very specific "you" in mind: the kind of people who are aching to become founders (well, obviously). That's in no way a bad thing, but it is worth noting that earlier essays by pg had a wider audience. It's not narcissism, it's focus. It's a symptom of "nearly all the programmers I know are startup founders". Hah, that's a great quote. I think we're both looking at it the same way. PG is in a fantastic position where he gets to spend most of his time around some of the smartest, most driven, and most interesting people all the time. He loves it, and with good reason. His essays are targeted toward those people who could become the kind of person he respects, and they have not a little bit of force behind them because he believes in what he says a whole lot. Italian 'al dente' is a trip. I hardly believed it at first, but it is tasty. A Mathematician's Apology is a beautiful read, by definitions both plain and, to some degree, those elaborated in the essay itself. One interesting thing about the relevancy of the essay is the potential change in the aesthetics of mathematics in wake of the proof of the Four Color Theorem. Personally, I have to believe that some day someone will find a proof that has all the elegance mathematicians are looking for. "We do not want many ‘variations’ in the proof of a mathematical theorem: ‘enumeration of cases’, indeed, is one of the duller forms of mathematical argument. A mathematical proof should resemble a simple and clear-cut constellation, not a scattered cluster in the Milky Way." If you consider his constant foil in Chess, it's fun to think that perhaps he'd see some degree of beauty in computer algorithms that solve the many enumerations of chess in far more "general" and "surprising" ways. I'd say that (good) parody and satire frequently make use of DH1-4 in order to effect an argument that's usually at DH6. It's the matter of creating straw men or ad hominem attacks which are implicit criticisms on the actual content of the argument. Only for comments. Submissions themselves cannot be downmodded. Is there any article like this specific to lisp? What really turned me on to Emacs was learning about Slime, largely through Marco Baringer's videos (they're linked from this post: http://bc.tech.coop/blog/050728.html ) Dang. It's either that or a whole tonne of French mathematicians. Good work! Oh, let me tell you the lead-up there is perfect—serendipitous or otherwise. I had a smooth transition: "Really? That seems pretty interes---- oh man, brilliant!" "Humans can manipulate their tongue, breath, and fingers only so fast, so in theory we shouldn't really have to measure the music many thousands of times a second like we do on a CD." This seems widely flawed. Changes in play are limited by the dexterity of the player (and upper bounded by the dexterity of a body), but choices and timings aren't so mechanical. The exact timing (feel, even) of, say, a swung eighth requires quite a lot of resolution before it's done right. I'd love to see them, even after they get tonguing "down", do a double blind study in Jazz. Another detail oriented bit for you guys: There's a problem with your headers. The rounded corner sprite is a png and I believe, without doing too much testing, that difference in color profile rendering is causing it not to match the generated color of your columns. Solution: use gif. I feel sorry for pg. It wasn't intended poorly, but being called a "thought leader" just seems to ring so sketchily anymore. This is a remarkably common fallacy when interpreting false positives, false negatives, or sensitivity/specificity data. It's a shame Bayesian statistics isn't more commonly known as it's a good way to avoid the misconception. Simply put: extraordinary claims demand extraordinary support. If the prevalence of PGD is very low, you need a great deal of weak tests showing positive results or a hypothetical extremely sensitive and specific test showing positive results. Both routes are difficult and expensive. http://authenticjobs.com/ is a good place to put out a listing as well. A lot of designers, freelance or otherwise, watch that board. For the work I do in lab (testing anti-inflammatory drugs in in vitro neural models) I did some research into etanercept when the first paper was published. Etanercept works roughly by cleaning up that TNF-alpha which is plaqued around in Alzheimer's. It was FDA approved as an arthritis drug which (and I don't fully understand this part) allows doctors to attempt novel treatments using it without much further FDA approval. Etanercept really does appear to cure the symptoms of Alzheimer's, quickly . The real issues are long-term effects for this sort of treatment and whether cleaning up the TNF-alpha actually does anything for fixing the causes of Alzheimer's. They did publish something. I can't link the actual documents, but if you have access to the journals it's: Tobinick E, Gross H: Rapid cognitive improvement in Alzheimer's disease following perispinal etanercept administration . J Neuroinflammation 2008, 5. There's also a commentary paper, Griffin, W. Sue T.: Perispinal etanercept: Potential as an Alzheimer therapeutic . J Neuroinflammation 2008, 5. Calculus is, hands down, the best textbook I have ever bought. Create a first draft and iterate rapidly really ends up being a philosophy for almost anything that can be lumped into "design". It's a great message to espouse. A better wording is that your chance of having the disease if given a positive result from the test is 1/10000 (0.1%). That's a huge increase from a 0.0001% chance of having the disease, but it's still not flat out terrifying. Repeat testing can weed through the false positives at a speed proportional to its accuracy. The causation implied here is unlikely at best. More likely might be that until the last century no one had to deal with numbers large enough to need these kinds of statistics. He's stating that the evidence is P(Was Relative | Child Attacked) is relatively high, especially compared to P(Was Total Stranger | Child Attacked). This means that it should, if you use Bayes' Theorem correctly in everyday life, shift your suspicion away from the random photographer. Of course, since P(Child Attacked) is so very low it's still not a huge deal. It's not really backwards. That sort of inversion is exactly part of Bayes' Theorem. CSS, the language, is relatively simple. CSS, the kung fu, is a matter of learning how tons of edge cases and tricks come together. It's best to treat it like other programming languages: go find some websites that you respect the look of and ask yourself how did they make that effect? Then skim through this stuff: http://alistapart.com/topics/code/css/ I used Blueprint a long time ago, one of the earliest versions, and had a lot of trouble with it. Like any abstraction it's only flexible to a point and I feel like CSS being a presentation language means that that flexibility is hindered and your ability to recover weakened as compared to frameworks in turing complete languages. That being said I haven't used Blueprint in a long time and I've used CSS longer than I've used any language besides HTML. I'm probably not so much in the intended audience. I think some part of the Scribd hating of late is that — at least on osx — pdfs are actually pretty enjoyable. Scribd does a good thing given that they have to operate online through flash, but having pdfs actually be convenient at an OS level trumps that. I know it's no help for those stuck using Adobe, but it is, from my experience, some part of an explanation. If you can manage the mind-numbing, 1990s flash interface, here's another project that did a similar analysis: http://mapofscience.com/ Their site shows a similar, higher resolution map of science and maps it to a sphere. Pretty interesting. Running a literature search, Richard Klavans and Kevin Boyack published papers concerning science mapping between 2005-2006, so I imagine there was a good chance they were inspired by eigenfactor. It's a bit of satirical DH5. Nice. I use Moleskines not for how they look now, but for how they look later. It gives me a sense of satisfaction to have personal notes stored in an attractive way. For that's it's worth the premium, though I can understand dissent. I may go away from Moleskines if I decide I want to take the effort to copy and rebind old notes. It's a tempting route. Here's the problem with Moleskines: if you s/moleskine/notebook/g on almost any article written about them online you get exactly the same effect. My favorite putdown ever received on an English paper: "eradicate that word from your vocabulary" stemmed to an arrow pointing at "paradigm". I honestly had only used the word because I thought it was cool to pronounce "-digm". Like macros? Actually, constructively, opt-in blockquotes might be interesting: you have to click to expand what was quoted making it clear if someone is quoting too heavily. Darcs is pretty cool and innovated out a number of the DVCS features, but it's kind of dead in the water until they figure out the stalling problem where, from time to time, merges take essentially infinite time. A number of comments. 1. The layout is prehistoric. It harkens to the earliest days of internet design. Lose the global auto centering and create some blocks. Do this on a sketch pad and make as many variation as you can before deciding (see: http://v3.jasonsantamaria.com/archive//2004/05/24/grey_box_m... ). Also, if you don't want to actually make borders, ensure the blocks are small enough wrt the text to be well-defined. 2. The pallet chosen is diluted . An easy way to chose pallets is to use a program such as kuler.adobe.com and make an analogous or complementary pallet. Don't make the colors too intense and test them as much as you'd test any other part. 3. The typography runs together. Typography is becoming huge in online design and it's really hard to get right. To learn a bit, I suggest Mark Boulton's "Five Simple Steps" especially steps 4 and 5 ( http://www.markboulton.co.uk/journal/comments/five_simple_st... ). 4. Keep asking people . When you design something you never have a good idea of how effective it is. Asking people here and elsewhere is an absolute must, so this was definitely a good step. Hope those help and inspire. Oh no, not at all. Those cramped, futuristic styles are not the aim. It might be cool to try to pull them off as a retro style, but otherwise I'd stay far away. By 'block' I meant "display: block;" css statements, more or less. Take a look at the link from Jason Santa Maria for one example of those this can be interpreted; although, in my own designs I use them a little differently. It's more complex than just enabling font scaling. Many designs are not tested after fonts have been scaled causing breakages which render the page illegible. Additionally, for those shooting for the greatest cross-browser accessibility, different browsers scale differently based upon whether you define things in pixels, points, percentages, or ems. The really fun part is that Apple's policy states the developer must reimburse refunds 100%. Apple's 30% cut stays with them. Any money the dev got through "accidental" purchases is likely going to fly away again with interest. I've heard probabilities between 10^-19 and 10^-25. Better yet, if black holes start to form that take a little too long to evaporate it's probably quite likely they'll be detected before one capable of destroying the earth. This was on HN earlier today: http://cosmicvariance.com/2008/08/04/what-will-the-lhc-find/ Of course, the real question is how you managed to not check HN for almost all of Wednesday! I think of some Twitterers as becoming the poets of blogging. Their form: 140 words. It's not horribly restrictive, but the best can have a sensibility and quiescence not dissimilar to haiku. After you see that metaphor it just becomes a matter of whether you like poetry or just novels. Nielsen was relevant and aesthetically conventional something like 6 years ago. This was before web designers got the technological capacity to make the sites we enjoy today. Worse, the designers were often infatuated with the kind of aesthetics that was almost completely unreadable (tiny pixelgrid text; low contrast designs; very little "information ink"). In that context, useit was a bastion of sanity. Jump back to today's internet and you realize useit hasn't changed at all. Sensible considering his message has only changed evolutionarily instead of at the rapid pace of design sentimentality. Useit is a design achromatism today, but its message is still just as relevant as before. I remember, and it couldn't have been more than 15 years ago, when you could buy compasses in stores. At that time any curious 10 year old could pick up Calculus and get cranking. But today parents will get worried. Why isn't he out playing baseball or texting people? The police might even get involved. "Are you making vectors kid?" Today everyone says they should just go to school and do multiplication tables like all the rest. That way they won't grow up weird. Reading mathematics is always a huge ruse. Every part of it is designed to make years of sweat and blood look like a 15-second insight of vast subtlety. By design, of course. Er. No. "There are probably rather fewer mathematicians who conceive of themselves as artistic mathematicians." I know there are a number of people on HN running around who are accomplished mathematicians. I'm curious if they know of any mathematicians around who think of themselves as "artistic mathematicians" and focus on communication with laypeople of the deeper parts of math. Who around tries to sell math? The hostility is undoubtedly Zed's calling card, but I feel a great deal of affinity for it. Trial by fire keeps a well defined line between FU and everyone else. Selective permeability is how you maintain a gradient. If you have to think what the key combo is, use the mouse. And sacrifice ever getting to the point where you don't have to think. Isn't that the point? It's not for everyone, sure, but if you can just jump in and combat introversion all at once then more power to you and welcome to the FU. An exception: if you want to make a design that is not easy to do in just HTML/CSS, use Photoshop. Probably first. HTML/CSS is the Blub of design. It's easy and holds your hand, but if you know how to design and know the medium Photoshop makes it easier to do things unimaginable by those working just within HTML/CSS. So, please, feel free to not use Photoshop. For some, it'll work just fine. ( edit: I actually like to use Illustrator more, but a similar argument applies) Crispin Porter is once again rebranding through awkwardness. It's making me feel like Microsoft is a company from a Wes Anderson movie. Feels like it does mean the designer did not do a good job since I'm sure much of the YC crowd is more or less the core audience for Stack Overflow. True, my comment was a bit quick off the block. I didn't mean to imply that the average HN user and the average web-forum-programmer were anything similar. Except, perhaps, aesthetically. Maybe I'm wrong here too, but a failed visual design for HN readers is probably a failed design for the average web-forum-programmer, too. Then it's convenient that, additionally, those two tend to go hand in hand. Good design is prescient of an audience, yes. Often, however, good design applies widely to audiences it was never intended for. For instance, OXO brand kitchen supplies were designed to be big and easy to handle for the arthritic. I own a lot of their supplies because they're sturdy and easy to handle. I never use it and think "Wow. I'm feeling arthritic today" Similarly, Apple. Designing to make computing cool and succeeding wildly probably means the design will apply to a large number of unintended audiences as well. If you wear a suit and are professional, a glowing apple is still going to look better than a clunky black box. In a text editor. People don't want websites, though. They want services, products, information. The creation of those is a debated topic. At HN, miraculously, it might just be. With no intention to disagree with what you're saying, I want to bring up the point that "colleges are businesses" doesn't apply nearly as much as, well, "businesses are businesses". It's an approximate model at best. The poster child for this is the idea of "academic" work as being less valuable (in dollars, anyway) than work done in a business environment. It's more than just cultural — colleges don't suffer under market stress in quite the same way. Part of that effect is an appreciable tuition, walled garden style. So then you have to question what an academic "floating" environment can provide. If half the reason you're there is because you're already motivated to succeed without being there, what do you gain? Does Ivy League provide that in greater amounts? How much do connections and environment really matter? I feel like that might be the stronger question that'll lead to informative answers. Interesting parallel: Y Combinator is a breadth-first search through the possible solution space. It galvanizes a number of potential solutions (similar to following a number of promising concept designs) and eventually is successful. So, in my experience, concept designs are best used when two wildly varying ideas are able to combine. Do two failed startups take their ideas, mesh them together, and produce one new totally innovative one? I'd like to hear stories about that. So if it's sci-fi, what does that say about Nokia? From my skimming, I'm afraid the author is only picking up one of the three things that make The Poignant Guide, well, poignant. 1) Witty, offbeat humor (w/ +1 for cartoons) 2) Interesting examples tackled 3) Restructuring the lesson to work for people who have learning styles unappreciated by typical tutorials. I'm seeing routine examples like summing recursively/with foldr and implementing linked lists all within an outline not so different from any other Haskell tutorial. Of course, the real acid test is seeing what zany metaphor the author thinks up to describe monads with. This is, arguably, the biggest reason to use Monads in the first place, the typeclass thing. You don't even need Monads to have completely functional IO code. Clean's uniqueness types are another method, but you can actually do it with just plain types if you're dedicated. Oddly, monads just make things easier. Really. As dirty as it is, Microsoft was asking for this. It's not polite to tease, but when the head of the pack shows they're susceptible to it, it's going to happen. In an industrial design class I took this sort of methodology was heavily stressed using words like "divergent thinking" and "no-worry prototypes". Generally, I believe that the super-specializing niche engineering that's popular today is best served by broadening your base rather than sharpening your technical skills to stand out in a field of pins. I.e. marketing, ID design attitudes, learning to paint. In general there are several different textual elements to consider in a design. If you're waiting on someone to type an essay (or 5 full blog entries) before you've even set up your font grids, then you'll be in trouble. If you're working with specific copy, attention-grabbing copy, then the exact wording of that is on every bit the same level of detail as the rest of the design and it's pretty necessary to have a good rough draft of the wording before you start crafting the appearance. At the end of the day though, I find myself using Lipsum all the time to very good effect. While the list is noble, I have difficulty trusting the source. Other pages on the scriptol.org website are somewhat immature and, unsurprisingly, full of Scriptol propaganda. Developing a homoiconic entry in a distributed fashion. How awesome The RepRap machine uses polymer extrusion to draw your model, which wouldn't yet work for keys. If it's a good lock, you'd get a couple of uses out of it, but the pins would destroy your key and the torsion would bend it. I feel a need to defend sIFR. It was actually very carefully designed in order to preserve standards, navigation, and accessibility. sIFR is designed to a) be frosting on top of a standards compliant HTML cake and b) fail very gracefully in every combination of javascript or flash availability. When you design using sIFR you are heavily encouraged to build the design with common web fonts first and then simply overlay the sIFR to be optionally rendered when possible. It even preserves behaviors like anchoring and copy/paste. The idea does, at first, sound extremely convoluted and toxic, but should be instead thought of as a really clever hack to make interesting typographic design possible despite constraints of font distribution online. The line height issue comes, somewhat, from the argument about textual color. If you have no leading at all, the text ends up very cramped and dark which is considered very unfavorable. For instance, I'd bet you'd be hard pressed to find many books printed professionally which don't have at least half a line of leading. How leading affects someone's ability to scan lines, I don't know so much about. In my experience, medium text color is more pleasing to read in general -- I feel less eye strain, less cramped -- but I don't experience much difficulty following lines regardless of leading. Most good fiction is written with some message. It's not "just a story", but an illustration of a thought, experience, or feeling. To top it off, I read because it's fun. Why does everything have to have some Franklinesque color of self-improvement? I'm either crawling or racing through Infinite Jest at the moment. Comments on the book are withheld until I've both finished it and have had about a year to digest. I'm also reading GEB , The Interpreter of Maladies , and Confederacy of Dunces , but, really, I'm reading IJ . Reg, as usual, is making Ruby do some pretty exotic gymnastics, but more than the language extensions themselves, I just really want to read To Mock a Mockingbird now. After reading this article I went to take a look at Google Image Service. I played for about two seconds before deciding my keystrokes could be applied to better things But then I felt like I was doing really poorly entirely because my partner was dumb and continued to play for 30 minutes just like that. My point: rationality isn't always the most important driving factor. I doubt it. It's effectiveness relies on the fact that CCR5 isn't so common as to force microevolution. Like antibiotics, something like this needs to be applied very carefully. Oh man, it's nearly time to start investing in Transmittable Tableaux. I don't think I'm ever paying full attention in IMs. 90 petabytes: the "Deep Web" in 2002 - includes private databases, controlled-access sites and so on. 6 years ago, oh my. Matlab is, to the programmer with experience in almost any other language, a tremendous horror. The language is almost as cobbled together and inconsistent as PHP with the added bonus of being worked on almost exclusively by engineers instead of people who actually want to write programs (this coming from an engineering student here). That being said, if you have the mathematical chops to rearrange your problem into something solvable via matrix transformations, you can probably write it quickly and elegantly in Matlab without worrying too greatly about execution speed. Better, the built in toolboxes have already solved huge (engineering) problem spaces. Code already written is better than code potentially written... Unless you want a solution that is repeatable or more general than Matlab affords. At that point you'd be better off doing the math by hand. I feel that the Python et al and C solutions fit into this niche. Prototype the math in Matlab, implement in a language that doesn't suck. I would consider Matlab to be a DSL grown out of control. If you are working purely with matrix/vector/tensor math, as you say, you can be reasonably comfortable with the language as long as you remember to double-check the docs on nearly every function before you use it just in case there is some strange edge-case it handles awkwardly. Unfortunately, in any real project I've ever done with Matlab you cannot survive just inside the matrix DSL and once you start touching the bolted-on bits you lose patience very quickly. So, I suppose I agree, it's a nice DSL, but I'd also wager that the majority of people using it don't realize the limitations implicit there. Anecdotal ramblings, spotty biochemistry, and a few fuzz charts. Edward Tufte would make a poignant chart describing the aneurysm he'd get from reading this. That being said, I anecdotally agree with the thesis: Drink coffee to improve your natural strengths instead of trying to BigPharma more hours into the day. They are one of the best examples of new UI I've seen in a while. They've clearly done a lot of work here — it looks nice and feels very responsive — especially in avoiding the pitfalls of unfamiliarity. You know, forget Rails, forget Mongrel. I'll keep using Ruby for a long time because _why is here, making wonderful, beautiful toys. This would have the added bonus of being the kind of decision that keeps the pipes from redditing up. Disclaiming that I'm more of a statistics enthusiast than a real statistician, here's how I understand the schism. Bayesian (subjective) and Frequentist (objective) are two schools of thought about how statistics should operate. One of the best ways to think about the difference is to call Bayesians pragmatic and Frequentists rigorous. In that face of trying to quantify something you don't know, Bayesians take the stance that if you just say something — even if it's incorrect — and then keep adjusting it as more data comes in then you'll eventually have a valid statement. The idea is that even if your model is only so correct, at least you have one. Unfortunately, no one can actually prove that sort of thing actually works all of the time. It just seems to. Frequentists faced with this situation instead try to understand the reason why something is happening and then model it from the beginning. By considering these rigorous models and testing them against data they eventually build a resilient model for the unknown which validates. That is, unless they don't, in which case Frequentists are kind of out of luck. So when you're talking about statistics, which is all about trying to model things you don't understand, Bayesians and Frequentists get up in arms all the time because they each have something to call foolish about one another. The coolest part is that this sort of schism is being reflected in the world of physics as well where Frequentists are in the Newtonian/Einsteinian school but, bit by bit, that worldview is being shaken up by Quantum. Hire a designer and a copywriter because the way it is now tells me absolutely nothing. My first impression was that you could purchase these chemicals from the interface. Play up the social aspects of it, too. As of now, I don't see what differentiates your site from PubChem (besides speed). Hooking into a spectroscopy database would not be half bad either. In my experience I think in English 90% of the time. When working problems requiring a lot of spatial insight, I pretty easily switch to something more visual and visceral. This also happens when I'm drawing and sometimes when I'm playing music. I'm also learning Chinese. It is anything but an easy language to learn, I'll say, and I don't feel like I'll be thinking fluently in it anytime soon. That being said, if I concentrate and force myself to think in Chinese I can get by with a huge hit to rate of thought. It's something I practice from time to time despite the frustration. Makes me think of that Einstein quote: "It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity" Perhaps some sort of interaction history that shows the last few threads you commented in if they've had any responses. For me, the extra width worked rather well. When I first hit the site, the sidebar was hidden and I focused entirely on the article. At the end, I noticed the little white arrow cue and scrolled over to get extra information about Dustin and his website. I'm not certain if this was a premeditated design choice, but it actually played out very nicely. I feel that math will probably show it's head in studying neuronal networking; after all, we're going to want to model it someday. As a frequent biker in Atlanta: that is exactly the advice people walking need to learn . It is so difficult to avoid people when they keep jumping. (The second most critical bit is to not walk on a handicapped sidewalk ramp if a biker is coming) My notebooks do similar things. My trick to keeping it organized and "professional" is to skip a page and summarize your doodles. It's like an index to your brain. A little conceptual snippet from GEB: Everything in mathematics can be seen from a "meaningless" perspective. In some sense everything from algebra to complex analysis can be stripped of meaning by thinking of them as just "a rearrangement of symbols according to a set of arbitrary rules". And, somewhere, that's really all they are. It's only once we apply an interpretation to these operations that they become "math". Same with numerical rearrangement. Just because it seems like it's just a algorithmic manipulation doesn't mean there isn't an interesting interpretation of the meaning somewhere. To be pathological, take the phrase X2YZ to mean "X + Y = Z if X X" and both 1234 and 3241 are true. Now that manipulation suddenly has a whole lot of (silly) meaning. Oh, sure. My reply was more of a meta argument than really a defense of the meaning of 6174. There's no reason to say that there isn't some property of its representation in base N that isn't useful, but it's pretty unlikely to be general in any interpretation we're used to dealing with (thus the re-representation of "2"). The action of the electronic system is so effortless that, compared with mechanical levers, it leaves users feeling almost disconnected from the bike. That seems like it'll be the death of the product for many. Ah, yes, open source electronic medical records - a panacea for the health care industry. Vendors have been pushing this one for years, with little success, as they don't understand that the inefficiencies in health care keep a lot of people in work. And inefficiencies in health records kill a lot of people just the same. But, you know, vendors don't get the market. The whole suite of Vista fonts is actually very, very good. Which surprises me pretty much daily. It's definitely cool and nearly the first thing I noticed as well, but it'll confuse exactly everyone besides those with experience in both english and chinese. Attributed to Einstein: "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." (Also, is it just me or does a result like "long methods had to be changed least" seem both rather spun and probably two-edged?) My computer went into the shop 5 days ago. Relying on Uni comp labs has sufficed, barely, to get my work done, but it's also been incredibly relaxing to not have the thing in my spare time. Just about the exact same experience with swing dancing as well. It's a slightly different crowd: higher energy, more into the flourish than the candles, but still it's easy to learn, fun to do, and a wonderful way to meet women. It could, but you can verify that our eyes cannot detect loss of blue information even in the parts of the image that are rather blue (her wristwatch, the car in the background, the edge of the windshield, the stripe on the towel). In each of those cases fidelity is more damaged by loss of quality in the other Another thing that differentiates humor on HN from humor elsewhere is that disrespectful commentary, no matter the level of wit, is rejected. While this is sort of interesting, it strikes me as largely price constrained. Really, the physical act DNA transfection is a menial lab task that is essentially glorified mixing where the major challenge is ensuring correctness and sterility (neither of which seem to be a concern in biohacking). At my college they'll let any enthusiastic freshman do that week one after just a couple hours of training (mostly concerned with correctness, sterility, and what drawer the pipets are hidden in). The more interesting thing would be if they could biohack PCR, sequencing, or even cDNA creation but all of those run into intense price barriers rather fast as you start to need enzymes and machinery. Some of the basic assays could be purchased for rather cheaply if the cost (in the several hundreds for the materials to do around 100 tests) was split. Not to say that all of this might become possible on the cheap in the future (PCR wouldn't be that hard if you purchase Taq polymerase, ~$100/100 rxns) but it amused me to read a comic excitedly proclaiming a DIY kit for unsterile, inconsistent transfection. I've been using the Mac version for a month or so now. My experience has been pretty pleasant: the slight hue shift serves both to decrease eye strain and to suggest that it's getting late (an unintended but useful consequence). I personally am not sure that the ease on my eyes really comes from the hue shifting or simply from the reduced contrast, but either way I enjoy the effects of the program. Easily the biggest problem I have is that the Mac version doesn't actually gradually shift hues and so when it makes its sudden change at around 7pm it literally hurts my eyes as they attempt to adjust. That Anscombe example sheds light on the misuse of r^2. All of those examples have the same r^2 value. I'm not an expert -- more of a hobbyist who is actively trying to improve my statistical chops -- but I don't think there's ever a general metric for this sort of thing. For any statistic it's important to demonstrate that it's being used as intended so that its lay translation means what it seems to mean. I mean, r^2 isn't all that misleading if your relation really is linear. R^2 plus a graph of the regression would be sufficient. Just taking a look at the residuals of the Anscombe sets easily shows that linear fitting (thus r^2) is inappropriate for sets 2-4. (btw: if you fit the second Anscombe data set with a 2nd order polynomial, r^2 = 1. Of course, it's pretty clear that there's hardly any error in that set.) You'll have to ask again in another 3 years when the first of those get provisional FDA approval for clinical trials.