Yes, I agree... what Crockford says makes sense to me. Know where they go, and use them consistently. This blog post doesn't make so much sense. It seems to say that you should be aware of the rules at all times and strive to use as few semicolons as possible (even going so far as to put them in front of statements). Yes, it would work, but I don't really see this as more readable. I live in a US town of ~6k people, and currently get 6Mbps on the lowest tier plan available (50 Mbs is readily available, just a bit pricey for personal use). I don't buy this argument at all, as there are metro areas that will have worse connectivity than some rural areas within the US. I also wonder what the real reason is. Registering to place applications in the android market is not free. Does the iPhone have a public bug database so we can search for issues? This is exactly true, and the worst mistake, imo. I have no idea how to find it in the Android Market, and I suspect many others don't as well. Zoodles works, though the quality of the games varies pretty dramatically. Linus did do the benchmark (see Comment #46). That's not really true... the iphone tracking happens regardless of location settings or applications. The location controls do not affect it at all. Who sends hashes of credit card numbers instead of the #s themselves? And how is this passed through to the processor? I've not seen such a protocol for sending CC#s from the browser before. "During normal operation or in Safe mode, your computer may play "Fur Elise" or "It's a Small, Small World" seemingly at random. " This is actually really old news. This story on it is from 2 years ago: http://androidcommunity.com/android-tethering-apps-pulled-fr... It is interesting that he says the Everex machines (from 2007) were "pretty much intended as a way to get up and running in your Chrome browser". It's funny how quickly things get ingrained into us, such that we barely remember not having them (Chrome was introduced in late 2008). > The main difference between Ubuntu-LTS and Debian is that Debian's stable release cycle is longer and more thorough. I believe that the debian stable release cycle is currently at about 2 years, w/ a very short support cycle afterwards. The LTS cycle is 2 years with a 3 years of additional support afterwards. Or just search harder: http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/flexpayplans.aspx?direct=... (Yes, I know that these are FlexPay as well, but the prices are the same) I believe that both of those choices would have been even more "out-dated", though. Yes, and it's nice to avoid the increased memory overhead of running 32-bit GTK and 64-bit GTK. The increase in shared lib overhead is still fairly significant. With a sufficiently large block of ice, a few blackouts may not even be a problem. Yes, the battery of the previous tablets were much smaller. But don't forget, the previous tablets also cost close to 2k at introduction, had similar speed processors (but running more complex operating systems, with lower responsiveness), had lower quality displays, were thicker, and weighed a lot more. I don't see any of those improvements as being particularly non-obvious. > I agree with you, but you have to admit Samsung is pretty > clearly copying Apple's trade dress. It's the only tablet > that could be confused with the iPad at a glance. I don't think I have to admit that. Is it really any more iPad like (at a glance) than this: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/759029-REG/Motorola_00... I don't think it's incredible to make that claim at all. The iPad has been around for quite a bit longer so you would expect to see a lot more of them in the wild despite only outselling android tablets by approximately a 4 to one margin at the moment. Despite this, I still routinely see android tablets in airports. I saw a galaxy tab 7" tonight (along with 3 people using ipads in first class). I've also seen a few galaxy tab 10.1s and a couple of HTC Flyers. To be clear, I also wonder if the actual ratio is 4 to one. I just don't think the number is completely outside the realm of possibility. Is there an explanation somewhere of how the gallery in 2.x infringed, but the gallery in 3.x does not? It's not immediately clear to me how the two are significantly different. In the US, airlines require that electronic devices be turned completely off during takeoff and landing. In my experience, this is rarely enforced. I'm not sure how your comment is substantively different from the article. He seems to cover both scenarios (just the mongodb process rebooting vs whole server rebooting) accurately to me. FSLR is profitable. Google Talk supports Video chat across a wider range of devices than FaceTime. The search button was optional before ICS, and will likely continue to be. The menu button will likely be handled similarly to Honeycomb (it will appear for legacy apps, and disappear for modern apps). As far as I know, manufacturers are still allowed to include hardware buttons for now, thus old phones can still be upgraded. I expect they will phase this out eventually though, thanks to the flexibility that purely soft buttons can offer. The honeycomb buttons really do work better than the ones on previous phones (fewer inadvertant taps, easier to tap when wanted, etc). > If resources are that plentiful and the OS is still completely open-source then its only a matter of time until this is exploited and the phone starts to lag. It's really not a function of plentiful resources. It's that the contract only allows applications to keep running, it doesn't guarantee it. So if resources are a bit low, Android has the right to kill -9 any background process. In Android 2.2+ this actually works really well, in my experience. I do agree with your other points, though. Matias Duarte is good at making it pretty, but his designs tend to be quite cluttered and complicated, IMO. I wish they would focus on simplifying and making the interface more welcoming. I am assuming he means the BizSpark program: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/03/stack-overflow-and-biz... That's not so much an end-run as a delay, though, IMO. > Maybe it works better on an Android - no, wait, that’d be anti-competitive behavior and Google would never do something evil, right? I don't see how releasing a full Android version would be anti-competitive in any meaningful sense. Especially since the Android app and webapp support for Google Docs is unbelievably horrible. It amazes me that something as simple as editing a document (or simple spreadsheet) is almost completely impractical on Android tablets. I found the layout of the website extremely obtrusive. I'd have preferred a much more basic layout, without so much fixed text/graphics. Chromebooks have at least 16GB of storage for caching things locally. For example, I believe that the Kindle app for Chrome supports offline reading. Then build the few things that still need Flex in Flex/Flash, and build the rest in HTML/JS. This is likely how most Flex apps should have been written to begin with. I think two landing pages would be useful due to the discussion of price on the homepage. When I first quickly skimmed it I was wondering why they were charging job-seekers so much. People scan sites for unfamiliar services very quickly. Having the pricing so close to the free service is likely to confuse some subset of readers. I expect that the Google Voice app will support this soon. What I really don't understand is why they didn't implement something similar for SMS. Google Voice SMS is nice, but the separate app for it is problematic. I'm curious if this really surprises anyone here that the entire process for the government purchasing three mobile applications (Android, iOS, and BB) was ~200k. This seems pretty ordinary/normal to me. Fortunately, they don't accept advertisements from corporations, and are thus uncorrupted by the donations from said corporations. Does anyone else just see this as them gauging interest in charging for this footage? Some of the wording almost makes it sound like a market segmentation strategy. I think I understand the author's point. They aren't trying to compete with Facebook, they are just attempting to exist in Facebook's market, make money by all of the same means, and attract the same customers who will then do most of the same things. Make sense? I here this kind of banter from Southwest FAs rather frequently. Despite this, I would estimate the compliance rate at less than 33%. I'm curious how much data you get, and for how much money? All of the top notification banners are the most annoying part of SO, IMO. Every time I go there I end up clicking close 3-4 times. I don't believe that I've seen netbooks with the battery life of tablets. That is (to me) a killer feature. Whoosh The point isn't that Apple is just like a violent dictator. The point is that these statements are (mostly) irrelevent to each other. The trains can run on time without a dictator. The user can have a fine walled-garden experience but still retain the option to (in a reasonably supported way) tear down the walls. For comparison, here are some US rates: T-Mobile: Unlimited txt/voice, 5GB data == $89.99 USD (2GB is 10 less, there is no cost overage after the cap, but the speed drops to less than 2G) Sprint: Unlimited txt/voice/data == $110 ATT: Unlimited txt/voice, 4GB == $115, 2GB == $95 I'm not sure how search in the address bar relates to RealNames. If that were attempted again, it would garner just as much hate. I think the difference with large batteries is that battery recycling is already fairly prevalent and covered by existing statutes (core charges, etc). I doubt many people would toss a Prius battery in the trash without thinking. I still don't think this is a good law, though. I don't expect this to have a material impact on battery recycling. I agree. I hate this concept of making it feel like an app... if I wanted an app, I would use the (awful) tablet interface. To me, the innovation of gmail was that it made a usable webpage, that worked the way a website should, and yet was still efficient and user-friendly. Part of this was done by copying the better aspects of the app world (keyboard shortcuts, eager fetching of messages, fast performance, etc). But it still fundamentally felt like an efficient, intuitive, information-delivery system (the web). Copying the worst aspects of the app world (multiple scrollbars per page/screen, massively higher cognitive load due to all the scrolling, etc) is not an improvement. Yes, guys who develop all day in Windows, look vaguely lost at a command line (constantly forgetting their place in the dir structure, not knowing the basics of rsync or scp, not knowing how to unzip a jar, etc) always call themselves Linux experts. Calling all Unix-like systems "Linux" is a common problem as well, unfortunately. But I run into Linux "sysadmins" with all of the same issues. There's a real problem with a lack of competence in this industry, IMO. Didn't these changes make the addition of dynamic content to the MOTD really trivial? That seems compatible with Ubuntu's mission to me. It sounds to me like this whole rant could have been replaced with a bug report on the documentation in Launchpad. I get what you are saying, but it's not quite as bad as it is made out to be. http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... 85% of the market is on either 2.2 or 2.3. Those are the two most recent phone versions in general distribution. I'd expect that in about 1 year, 85% will be on 4.x or 2.3. New versions don't really make it worse, and new hardware standards often do make things better. I've found that Perl works even better for this. my @allfiles = `ls /somedir/`; for my $file (@allfiles) { chomp $file; ... } Is a wonderful thing. It's not pretty Perl, but it's still better than Bash, IMO. Losing track of frequently shared video is a very different problem from losing track of never shared command & control. Oh, I agree completely that it's possible. I was just disagreeing with the assertion that getting an unencrypted video feed implies that it might be easy. I can imagine a number of potential scenarios for bringing down an aircraft like this, ranging from full control takeover to interruption of communication until fuel exhaustion and partial crash. Or perhaps we've bugged it and let them have it. Think we might want to know where they'd take something like this? My guess is that he subscribes to the theory that companies use questions that would normally be taught in college to filter out older applicants. Ie, some assume that time since college isa major factor in people knowing these answers. Personally, I find it terribly unlikely that any such filtering is intentional on any level. Actually, we are trading a browser from a company with a desktop monopoly and an internet monopoly for an environment in which said monopoly has ~40%, another monopoly has ~30%, an independent player has ~20%, and a bunch of smaller players (including Mobile) share the rest. And both the ~30 and ~20 are platform independent, largely FOSS systems. This certainly seems like an improvement to me. How many real PC end-users upgrade their operating systems? In the long run, this matters even less for Android than it does now. Is it possible that this is just set as the default activity for the android market intent? Ie, what happens if you clear the default intent handler from the settings menu? I suppose that may not even be possible, depending upon how much customization that they've done. Honestly, though, I don't think there is anything particularly nefarious going on here. I think they are just trying to make the experience more seamless, since I'm sure many users would be confused by hitting the Android market site and then being unable to use it from an "Android" device. > I replaced the launcher with LauncherPro to get rid of the Google search bar Isn't the Google search bar just a (removable) widget? I agree with your points about application eviction causing them to restart in a different state. I don't know why Google isn't stricter about requiring their applications to save state and restore to same (as iOS apps are supposed to). At least their first party apps should do this. OTOH, I'm not sure that it is the extra video memory requiring this. I think it may be that they have increased the heap memory allowed for each application significantly. I'm not sure, though... I haven't used ICS yet. Wow, that is really lame. I'm liking the idea of ICS less and less each day now it seems. Its ridiculous that they've gone so far backwards on both this and the voice search functionaity with this release. > Also just the other day it prompted me with a late notice about a cancelled weekly meeting. Isn't that just user error (failure by someone to send out a cancellation notice)? > I later got Real Player to work which allowed me to play some mp3s. That was one of my best days ever, I only don't think I've ever seen "Real Player" and "one of my best days ever" that close to each other. Seriously, do people actually still use Real Player? Doesn't Ubuntu have better solutions for playing MP3s than that? I agree... I see more dead accounts than live ones now. I don't think this service is in the success category at all at the moment. I still use it fairly actively, though. I've heard this argument (mostly from Googlers) before. I don't buy it though, as I occasionally (rarely now) see friends post things and get zero comments. The same comments will get tons of comments on Facebook. This thing has largely failed outside of tech circles and twitter style (celebrity) newsfeeds at the moment. Hopefully that will change, as I find it superior to Facebook in virtually every way. I've never used events or posting on other people's wall on Facebook. Those are Facebooks two remaining advantages, IMO. I know a lot of people use Facebook for messaging, but I would honestly prefer that they just email. I don't really see the advantage of a non-email email over just using email. Google+ email and chat integration are just fine. You don't have to manually put people into their own circles. If you share something, just start typing their name (instead of a circle name) and it will let you share with individuals instead of circles. It works the same way otherwise. I find the slowness surprising, actually. Whenever I've used + it always seems either the same or faster than Facebook. Perhaps this has to do with specific network environments or something? I have noticed that it takes a while for updates to propagate (caching, I guess) across to other users. That part is a little annoying at times. They both seem like they are thinking the same way to me. Both of them are wrong in some ways (self-discipline != consistency, and consistency alone was unlikely the key to the weight loss). See also: http://www.despair.com/consistency.html Is there any chance that this includes other uses of embedded Java (eg, Bluray players)? Sure, but how many of these are being used to browse the web? The description in the article just uses the vague term "embedded systems, such as the low-cost feature phones". Without some details on what is really happening, this data isn't very interesting, IMO. I wonder how this compares to the average salary for Ruby or node.js devs? > For all the Apple hate, Jobs stared down the record labels, and unlocked music. Amazon is responsible for getting the record labels to release music as DRM-free MP3. Now that I've used it for a while, I find that I hate it less than I used to. It's still one of the worst mail interfaces that I've ever used, though. Yes, but is it faster than EJC? I'd bet that's the frame of reference for most Java devs. No, I wouldn't consider it their duty. OTOH, the last time that Apple promised an open spec protocol (Facetime) I would have expected Google (or someone) to provide a high quality Android implementation. Apple didn't follow through. I don't personally have a problem with the standards that Google has advocated. Dart is unlikely to succeed, IMO, but I would like to see NativeClient (or something like it) picked up by the other browsers. Disabling the volume keys likely requires root, but modifying the volume setting does not. The few android applications that need to do this typically listen for volume changes and then change them back. For example, I've seen some kids apps (Zoodle's) that allow a parent to set a max volume. I see your point, but I think the post that you are responding to is clear that the Samsung bootloader is unlocked. If the bootloader is unlocked, you can do anything that you want with the device (including installing the tools to use root access). Services cannot listen for keypresses, but can't they change the volume? Why not have the service periodically check the volume and reset it to max automatically? Ie, something like: // Get the AudioManager AudioManager audioManager = (AudioManager)this.getSystemService(Context.AUDIO_SERVICE); // Set the volume of played media to maximum. audioManager.setStreamVolume ( AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC, audioManager.getStreamMaxVolume(AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC), 0); Unless there are more requirements here that I am missing, this sounds achievable without root. It would be interesting to see which distros are and are not affected. If Fedora 16 is unaffected, I'm going to disagree with your assertion that "most new distros are". Debian stable is unaffected, for example, so the production Debian builds aren't vulnerable. Flash should not be given the same treatment, because the browser itself bundles an up to date version. Nevertheless, the handling of QuickTime stinks. They should check the version number and only disable if it is out of date. Their current approach is just inviting complaints. This feature will be new for Ubuntu 12.04 (it is not in 11.10). Honestly, most people that I run into don't really understand how Google+ works. Basically it is the same poor, unintuitive UI that we've come to expect from Google. For example, how does a new user really learn what a circle is? And how does someone recognize what each input control is when sharing a post (at least one input box has no hints at all). I've personally seen people completely baffled by their first experiences with the product. And it seems each "update" just adds more tedium and complexity. Volume for circles is a necessary evil, but it should have been done in a much less intrusive and time-consuming way. Google seriously needs to rethink their entire UI strategy. Eg, why should I have to set a volume for each circle? Couldn't they figure out a better way for me to provide hints as The actual quote is: "Android tablet options abound, and Google’s operating system is as open as you’re going to find on a retail shelf. At the end of the day, though, you’re passing profit along to the Android device makers." Isn't that more of a swipe at Google/Android than at device makers in particular? Ie, presumably he feels that Android and their makers don't contribute back to the software community, whereas this device does? (Personally, I think he's wrong in that assertion, but I still don't think this is a swipe at hardware guys at all) The Asus transformer has done pretty well, and is almost certainly profitable (cf, http://www.pcworld.com/article/235925/asus_transformer_table... though I suspect those numbers are a bit high). I don't know how many of the other models would have to sell to reach profitability, but I'd be shocked if the cheap shenzen tablets were unprofitable (why would they keep going if they weren't?). Not to mention the Nook Tablet and Kindle Fire. The others don't seem to be selling as well, but that has to do with a very poor quality->price ratio (cf, any Acer tablet). Anyway, I think the argument that Android tablets aren't selling has been vastly overstated. There was a huge line for these things on Black Friday in the US for example. rsync can provide file-listings: jsight@jsight-ubuntudesktop:~$ rsync localhost:/home/jsight/hackernews/ drwxrwxr-x 4096 2012/01/29 20:02:48 . -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:36 tmp1 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:38 tmp2 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:39 tmp3 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:45 tmp4 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:46 tmp5 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:48 tmp6 From the comments, it appears there is some debate about whether those incidents (twitter deportation) actually occurred. I believe that they have been running (and refining) this process since at least early 2011. It is surprising that they didn't do it from earlier than that, though. Which Samsung Android device has a locked bootloader? AFAIK (and some google searching seems to confirm) the Galaxy SII does not have a locked bootloader. I believe that the original Galaxy S was also unlocked. So which Samsung Android devices have locked bootloaders? Motorola and HTC tend to lock their bootloaders more often (though this situation is improving). > First, this is a five-year-old article. And a dupe. I believe this is why the title is "...5 years later and you're still doing it wrong". It's probably worth discussing why things haven't really changed in the past 5 years regarding this. That blog may have the worst design for a Blogspot blog that I have ever seen. What were they thinking? EDIT: I guess I'm getting downvotes for this so others must disagree. Make sure to go to the homepage ( http://googlevoiceblog.blogspot.com/ ) for the full effect. For me it is almost unreadable. Exactly... news reports claim that MS wants ~12/$500 Android phone. Based upon that, I think Motorola's claims are no more unreasonable. I tend to believe that it's important for a developer to pick up a couple of languages. But a point that I often see people miss is that it isn't so important to learn the language's libraries and basic syntax, as it is to learn the languages idioms. There have been many times that I have seen Java guys learn ActionScript3 only to misuse properties (unecessary Java style setter methods everywhere, no closures, etc) and other features simply because they didn't learn the core values of the platform. I doubt that they really gained much lasting value from the exercise in the end, despite using it for a few months. A few days with Clojure or another functional language in which they really focused on the core idioms of the language would have been more valuable from a learning standpoint, IMO. It's amazing how quickly and thoroughly Google has ceded the lead in this area. I know that the Android market supports application and data backup, but IMO the implementation is not as slick or simple as iCloud at this point. This is especially true for those of us with multiple Android devices (Phone + Tablet). But the lack of a comprehensive solution for photo synchronization is telling as well. I am glad to see HTC addressing the issue, but the lack of leadership on Google's part is really unfortunate. Essentially, they have taken up the strategy that Google had back in Oct 2008. There were a lot of early comments from Schmidt, etc that indicated the Android plan was to compete on the low end of the hardware spectrum. It sounds good, but I really question how much room there really is down there with the data plan requirements that typically come along with using any kind of smartphone. Do people really want to pay $100 for a stripped down device when $200 will frequently buy them a full-featured smartphone (with similar data plan prices)? Yes, that is the problem they are going to run into, IMO. A similar price-point will buy them an Android phone with quite a bit more power than an early iPhone, and a much more mature application ecosystem. So why bother with Windows? The TDD issue is really the biggest for me. I've run into many developers over the years who shout how much more efficiently things would be built if we all just did that. Surprisingly few do it themselves, though, due to a "lack of time". The contradiction in that never quite hits them for some reason. TDD has it's place, but taking it as an incontrovertible dogma is not useful. I agree with essentially everything that you said. The one thing that I'll add is that I was speaking specifically of Test Driven Development, not of tests in general. The benefits of using tests as documentation come regardless of religious adherence to test-first, and in my opinion are often hindered by it. I agree that tests can make great documentation, as well as adding value for a number of other reasons (regression, etc). I severely question the concept of writing them first in all (or even most) cases, though. I am not sure that I understand your mention of housing costs. Doesn't core inflation exclude housing costs as well? That's not entirely true for T-Mobile, actually. You still connect to 3G towers even after throttling, but you are slowed down to "2G" speeds. In practice, the 2G speeds are much slower than EDGE, but slightly faster than GPRS. I've worked at government agencies (recently) that banned all "third party browsers". Compared to that kind of policy, I think choosing Chrome is wonderful. I agree. Clicking on the website for the organization in question only reveals a handful of low-quality, low-resolution pictures. In general the best way to deal with a "problem" like this is to drown out the noise with quality content. He should be flooding the web with quality pictures of what he has, not trying to get Google to change an algorithm. I get your point, but the previous 50MB barrier still allowed for plenty of bloat. The main ingenuity that it promoted was the ingenuity to host the rest externally to be downloaded on first application launch. This download often took more than 15 minutes (the refund period), causing tons of complaints if the application didn't work for some reason. As the application is still restricted to 50MB, and the additional space is in the form of expansion packs, this isn't likely to result in larger code. I think it is mostly to solve the consumer complaint issue. 2.2 and 2.3 currently represent about 90% of the market. From an API standpoint, these are very similar. Is iOS really that much less fragmented in real-world terms? The dramatic variations in hardware are actually a much more interesting problem than the supposed issue of OS version fragmentation, IMO. OEM versions of Vista and 7 have license terms that forbid them being run under virtualization. From the site's FAQ: "Who should use this service? People who want to stay on good terms with their colleagues without having to log in to LinkedIn." I think this pretty much means it is for people who don't really want a linkedin account, but don't want to their coworkers to feel shunned. I don't see much point in this beyond that. If you actually cared about using LinkedIn to build a social graph around yourself, you wouldn't use this, IMO. Yes, I can see the appeal. I haven't used mobile safari enough to know if it is a lot better than the stock browser in ICS. It is definitely better than all previous Android browsers, though. The stock ICS browser is much better. It's actually better than the current chrome beta, imo. Just curious, which gateway are you using to get SIP service via Google Voice? I've tried a few, but ultimately gave them all up due to reliability and performance issues. It seems like the latency was always too much for me. I believe that the Blackberry 9700 has a 624Mhz processor, 256MB or RAM, and a relatively low resolution 2.44" screen. The battery is about the same size as that of a modern smartphone, though (1500Mah). I don't think it's fair to say that they have battery life nailed, as their approach to nailing it (low hardware specs) is one of several things that is killing them in the marketplace. Wow, some of these are amazingly insecure. It's really incredible that at least one of the developers of a paid security app stores the master-password encrypted (not-hashed) using a hardcoded private key. > I opposed the need for the amazon app store for example. I understand what you are saying, but I believe the reasoning applies more directly to other markets (eg, slideme). I don't think that the Amazon App store exists due to restrictive Google policies, but rather due to Amazon's desires to directly enter this market (cf, Kindle Fire). The 9700 is over 2 years old, but it had a smaller (much less power draw) screen and a slower CPU even by 2 year old Android/iPhone standards. The 9900 has better specs, but still has a small screen and a single-core CPU. If they fix those limitations, the battery life will likely drop to iPhone levels. I don't really think they can be competitive in applications without fixing the hardware, though. This is really good news. I just hope the article is correct and this can actually be modded fairly easily for T-Mobile(T989) and AT&T phones. Big Lots is a better place to go to get a HDMI cable (and a few other cables as well) than Best Buy. I'm not sure which company this says more about, really. I find the markup on cables at BB to be very frustrating. Why can I get a cable shipped all the way across the country for less than 1/8th the price of a BB cable? Yes, it is extremely difficult to predict which technologies will win over a 5-10 year period vs their competitors. Eg, predicting that jQuery would appear vs the evolution of some other system (ExtJS?). On the other hand, predicting what changes will occur to a legacy enterprise system tend to be much easier. In the overall scope of things, Java hasn't really changed that much over the past five years. I think that some long-range planning of the kinds of changes they are thinking about actually makes sense. The need for closures, reified generic types, and an improved type system is unlikely to change in the next 5-10 years. The article says that he looks for people in the candidate's linkedin profile, so that he can spam them as well (regardless of whether they are in the reference list). I'm not really fond of references for a couple of primary reasons: 1) IMO, they are relatively unreliable indicators for technical candidates 2) They leak the candidates active job seeking status to potentially untrusted colleagues 1 occurs primarily because references are self-selected to be people that the candidate has friendships with rather than people who will give the the most honest assessment. In large companies, this can often be especially easy for a candidate to game. The technique in the linked article will do nothing to resolve this, IMO. And 2 is made worse by this person's desire to interview people who aren't even listed as a reference by the candidate. I've worked for companies before where I would have had to turn down a restriction like this. The limiting factor on acceleration in the Toyota Yaris is ont the tires. In the US, AT&T used to restrict things this way. They quit doing so quite a while back. I am unaware of any other carriers doing this. I agree that this is obviously not what the question meant. My reading of the article is that the author was picking a bit of fun at the highway director's misunderstanding by including that. It's actually an interesting question, IMO. AFAICT, there is still not fully buildable source, and it is still somewhat less smooth than the stock browser. I wonder if they will fix those issues anytime soon? Until the code becomes more open this is a step backwards. Also: "Edward Serevan: I wouldn't characterize the JSE as being only for laptops and desktops. Smartphones have become capable enough to run the JSE." It looks like their expectation was that JSE would run on phones as well. So they were already planning fragmentation at this level. > You're going to tell me "you check against a digital signature". Except it doesn't work. You can only check parts of the binary, not the whole binary (as some content is unpredictable once it runs). I read this a few times, and I still don't get why you wouldn't check the whole binary. Care to elaborate? That requirement actually isn't as rigorous (or as difficult to implement) as it sounds. The keyword there is "password" instead of passwords. Based upon similar systems, I feel comfortable that this is not a typo. Whenever the user changes a password, the user has to provide a (single) previous password. This password is hash-checked against the current user password. Then the password duplication rules are applied. (Note, none of the above should be construed as an indication that I agree with this approach to password policy :) ) I think there are tons of reasons to prefer Mercurial over git (ease of use on Windows in the early days being a big one). I also think there are a smaller number of potentially more significant reasons to prefer git. But I think it's almost completely impossible to separate the success of Git from the tools ecosystem. I really think Mercurial would have been at least as popular as git in the long run if it had something as good as Github behind it from the beginning. The benefits of Github are truly astounding. I've just intentionally ignored that case in the past. :-) Ie, sending a password reset email will bypass the check, just as you suggested. There are some other things that people can (and I'm sure do) do to try to meet the requirement, but there isn't really a solution. For example, a lot of people who hit this restriction are just trying their old password with one or two characters appended, so you can try the hash of a few substrings of the new password. But in the end, none of that really keeps people from inventing new, easy to remember, and insecure passwords. Eventually people do learn to just alternate between about three different forms of passwords. IMO, most of these draconian policies are invented to make things look secure more than to provide real security. That seems appropriate for the TSA, right? :-) +1 I see plenty of blame to go around here, actually. The TSA shouldn't have required a pat-down, IMO. But we don't know exactly how this happened, and how should the TSA have known that the child would go into hysterics over this? Once the screaming starts, a lot of behaviors can change in pretty irrational ways due to the increased tension of the situation. The fact that the parents involved lost control of the situation with the child running away did not make things any easier. I'm not saying the agents should have handled it this way (I personally think they should not have), just that it seems like a series of unfortunate breakdowns on the part of several people. There are far bigger problems with the TSA than this, IMO. sudo do-release-upgrade It's generally better than dist-upgrade anyway. The only J2ME API that I've used is GPS, and it was far more fragmented and unreliable than any Android implementation that I've seen. (also, Android has a compatibility test system/process) I don't see how the OpenSSH code is expected to automagically insure that keystrokes sent from Google Chrome came from intentional user generated actions. Any XSS type vulnerabilities in this are likely the result of issues with the extension itself rather than OpenSSH, IMO. Interesting, but there's not a single mention of memory usage impact. Dalvik in particular makes some fairly severe tradeoffs to reduce memory usage. OTOH, I've often wondered if those tradeoffs are actually worth it in the end. This may just be demonstrating how weak/slow the Dalvik VM actually is. Python and C# are, IMO. Can you explain why you disagree? The G2 (assuming you mean the T-Mobile G2/HTC Desire Z) has 512MB of RAM. It's actually surprising to me that it has that little free on a boot, though Android often sees the most memory pressure immediately after boot. For example, lots of applications listen to boot events and make sure that various alarms are still scheduled. The descriptions for intrapersonal and interpersonal appear to have been reversed. Sony integrated it into a display, and it always seemed pretty clear that Google's intent was to get others to do this as well. "My wife was using the web version of Facebook's mobile app for months before she discovered she could download the app, and she's never complained about either." As a counterpoint, my wife often finds the Facebook Mobile app to be incredibly sluggish. Many users often don't complain about performance, but if you make things work faster they tend to appreciate it anyway. Great points. I like this rewrite for the plumber at your local McDonald's: "Think about it: something I did reached 10,000 actual living people and had an impact (however small) on their life. That would never have been possible if I didn’t know how to plumb." This statement works equally well for many professions. How is this a disadvantage? MS can ship cleanly installed hardware. In fact, they do: http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msstore/cat/categoryID.4... Interesting... I worked in Charlotte for a few years and can't think of anywhere like this. I wonder who you could be referring to? > If a smartphone application exploits an image rendering or > font library, it doesn't gain any additional permissions. > It can't do anything with a vulnerable library that it > couldn't do otherwise. Haven't phones on both platforms been rooted via local exploits, just like the ones you describe? > The important attack surface on smartphones is local kernel exploits, which are rare. The important attack surface on Chrome is sandbox model exploits, which are rare. If this were in their policy, I would sort of agree. A return policy is not a warranty, and therefore a policy that disallowed returns after a major OS modification could potentially be reasonable. The problem here is that Newegg is not stating this up front. I've never had an issue with a mfg warranty in a case like this (most recommend not including the HD with returns anyway). I'm still a little confused as to why the customer didn't approach the mfg first. > I don't think any Linux vendors(Dell, System76,etc) will happily accept returns after you installed Windows on it. Citation, please? I am not aware of any other vendor with this limitation. The biggest problem that I've seen is that on Windows apps sometimes steal this association. I used to tell users to do this to launch Java applications, but it was surprising how many times they would end up in WinZip or some other Zip handling application. Java does try to get that to work by default, though. I have an Asus TF101, and I completely disagree. ICS has been awful, and the forums are full of complaints. The earlier builds crashed ~1 per day. Often you'd turn pick up the tablet only to see it in a boot loop, consuming battery at a high rate. They've fixed most of those issues, but they've left massive OpenGL renderer memory leaks. Gmail becomes unusable after a few hours of use requiring a reboot, for example. Just look at the xda forums for plenty of other people who are still having these issues after months of updates. Each one was supposed to solve all of the issues, but none have. No, Samsung has never done that. AFAIK, this doesn't actually kill the task. I believe that it just removes it from the displayed list. Also, keep in mind that ICS offers the ability to disable unwanted builtin apps: http://blogs.computerworld.com/19435/disable_system_apps_and... This removes them from the applications menus and prevents them from ever running in the background. Previous (interesting) discussion here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4114546 I think his point is that this rule is applied very generally. Eg, a 11" MBA is ok, and 13" MBA is not, but a 11" Netbook that happens to be extra thick is also ok. I don't think it will take "years" for a Jelly Bean 10 inch tablet. 91% of the Android market is covered by 3 major versions (2.2, 2.3, and 4.0). 72% is covered by just two major versions (2.3 and 4.0). This problem isn't quite as severe as its made out to be. Dealing with the diverse hardware ecosystem and implementation bugs are both much larger problems, IMO. I don't understand... the SGS2 doesn't have a hardware keyboard either. Why would it be a better bet? A lot of people didn't see the problem in splitting the horde of websites into categories (Yahoo! directory) before Google came along. I actually agree with the demarcation between sites for some of these concepts, as it gives opinion and other background concepts a place to flourish (cf, programmers stack exchange). But this tendency to want to create a perfect little taxonomy and then track down every bit that defies your view of that taxonomy is an unfortunate side effect, IMO. It happens far too frequently that good questions get knocked down that hole inappropriately, and it's never a good experience for the users when it does. I'm honestly surprised that the site has never found a better way to deal with the problem. When most users who encounter a problem like this for the first time feel insult at the site's action, perhaps there could be a gentler way of redirecting their energy? This post is hilarious when read a bit more accurately. Basically, you have said that there are two broad categories, rational people and irrational people. I guess it's a nice technique for argument, but I suspect that most people do not fit nicely into either of your buckets. I want to work from home, and do enjoy doing so. I also like working from the office and enjoy doing so. There's more to my job than lines of code that I write. Culture is important. Culture sometimes transmits via physical proximity, and sometimes other means (IM, Phone, etc). Sometimes one or two meetings a week (or even month) is more than adequate to cover the parts that don't communicate so easily remotely. Sometimes remote workers go to lunch (or dinner) with colleagues. Sometimes my whiteboard is a computer. Your group 2 covers a broad range of people and needs, some of which may sometimes require (or significantly benefit from) close proximity, and some of which often won't. Basically, people, personalities, and working style vary. Is this actually more powerful hardware than the Nexus 7? I don't get the impression that the CPU is faster. And it while it does have an amp, it does not have a 7" IPS display with a capacitive touchscreen. If anything, I would expect the Nexus Q to be cheaper to build if they were built in the same quantities. The build quality has been nice, but the software has been horrible. The TF101 has had major stability problems ever since the ICS upgrade. The TF201 has had simlar issues, from what I understand. Hopefully Google's involvement in the Nexus 7 release will remedy this. I have an Asus Transformer TF101, with a 10" screen. I can type at ~65 WPM on it. That's about 10 WPM slower than on a desktop keyboard. As far as I am concerned, that is perfectly usable. Having said that, at least one Android maker has built one with a 13" screen. I don't think it would be unusable at all, with the average tablet. I think he means an unofficial port. I expect those will be available fairly soon. 16GB may be recommended, but I have built it before on a machine with 6GB. The initial build ran overnight, and subsequent builds seldom require a rebuild of the entire tree. I think it's certainly possible to manage a small change without 16GB available. I haven't used iOS, but as an Android user I can definitely see why they haven't implemented it yet. It's a powerful feature, but at least on Android, it's also a usability disaster. Basically, the way it works on Android is that whenever an intent is passed for which there is no default, the user gets a dialog. The dialog will contain the applications that the user has installed for handling that intent. When there are 4+ items (eg, PDF) this can be confusing. Then when they pick one (hopefully the one they really wanted) they check the box to make it default. So far this is confusing for some people, but they generally muddle through somewhat happily. But there are issues... which protocols does the browser accept? Oh, http, https, and possible one or two more. So later they tap an https url and have to go through the same process again. The next day, one of their four web browsers auto-updates from the Play store. This clears the defaults, and they have to go through the whole process again. Seriously, the underlying concept seems solid, but the implementation is severely lacking. I hope that they (or someone) does this right in the future. I'm not entirely sure what a solid solution would look like, but I certainly don't expect Apple to copy the Android approach. It's completely incompatible with a number of their UX goals for the platform, IMO. > What do I do in the Play store if I know all the front page apps already (not hard)? Click on the categories link on the left side, and then browse. I don't think that new APIs are readily available to most users within weeks on Windows Metro or Android. I agree... I think many of us have been saying that for years, too: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/06/where-are-the-high-... Despite the fact that many people primarily associate "Retina" with the iPhone (because that is where it was introduced first), I think this is the area in which it has actually had the least impact. Other phones had high DPIs before the iPhone 4, and the difference between the best Android displays and the iPhone 4 display was not overly dramatic. OTOH, pushing laptops and tablets out of low-DPI land is a truly remarkable achievement. Other platforms are much farther behind in this area, IMO, and at least on laptops have a much longer path to catching up. I do find it surprising that the results were identical. Having said that, my experience is that over low-latency connections N+1 selects are not as bad as they are often represented to be. I've occasionally chosen to accept an N+1 for a 5 row list of search results vs. "optimizing" to a JOIN for exactly this reason. Depending on the query plan, search limits, sort parameters, etc, the performance differences can be fairly non-intuitive. I don't think this explains your case, though, where N=20k. I'm not sure what could have been going on there. Not really: http://techcrunch.com/2009/06/03/crunchpad-the-launch-protot... The Nexus One used to have touchscreen problems as well: http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=6296 Hopefully Google/ASUS will respond well with fixes. It really does sound like a heat-related issue affecting the digitizer. Are you talking about this? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sigames.fm... . If so, it seems to be doing pretty well so far for a $10 app. AFAIK, this still does not support phones which lack a secure element (T-Mobile US, SGSII... probably others as well). Hopefully that will come in another iteration or two. The SGSII on T-Mobile that I mentioned (T989) does have an NFC chip. Personally, I would be suprised if it was. He probably tripped over some other heuristic (or was flagged as spam by a user for some reason), and they simply didn't reject him after a review. His email may have helped his case here. Either that or their algorithm really doesn't like you using the same word over and over again (this seems unlikely). Spam apps are a real problem, and I personally won't be bothered by this as long as the devs that complain (and presumably trigger a human review in the process) don't have their apps inappropriately removed. So far, I haven't really seen any evidence of a widespread problem with inappropriate removals, just inappropriate warnings. The linked article mentioned this: http://static.yubico.com/var/uploads/pdfs/Howto_GmailYubiKey... YubiKeys are relatively cheap and would provide a nice alternative to using a phone, IMO. > That was certainly not perceived as the "perfect" solution > at the time, and probably still isn't. There was room for > innovative differentiation in how user input was handled > (physical keyboard, Palm grafitti-style input, chording keyboard, something new). I understand why this perception exists, but I do not think that it represents a fair assessment of what happened. The first Android device after the iPhone was the HTC G1, with both a keyboard and a trackball. The first two "high-end" (IMO) Android phones were the Motorola Droid and Nexus One (one had a keyboard, the other had a trackball). There were also some Blackberry-esque designs built in the past couple of years (cf, Motorola Charm, and a couple of others). There have also been variations on hinge design and screen setups (HTC Desire Z hinge, and Kyocera Echo). Samsung themselves have built a couple of high end Android phones with slideout keyboards for both AT&T and Sprint. The fact that they've settled on a slate design has less to do with their attempts at differentiation than it does with providing what the market has been asking for. They've tried building the other phones, they just don't sell to as large of a demographic. I can't imagine anyone today picking Palm graffiti-style input over Swype, for example. If those were the concerns, it could have been dual licensed. Your A&P (Airframe & Powerplant Mechanic). This sounds a bit "No True Scotsman" to me. Most commercial projects that I've seen eventually grapple with the same sorts of issues that you mention. When they've faced diverse deployment environments, the results have often been worse than autoconfigure, from what I've seen. I guess that's because they aren't cathedrals, since the businesses behind them were focusing on market-demands instead of whatever it is that Cathedrals focus on? Your remarks are essentially Ad Hominem regardless of whether you single out 1 man or 100 individual men. I'm not really following your argument. Why would Agile shut doors to future change? It seems like one of the core tenets of Agile is to embrace the concept of change and willfully eliminate legacy models as you are able. I also think it's very naive to think of NoSQL as purely OODB 2.0. It is getting used for a lot of different things, that IMO are inappropriate for it. On the other hand, the movement is intended to solve a very different set of problems (DBs with various ACID levels depending upon scalability and durability requirements), from those solved by OODBs (API improvements that weren't), and traditional RDBMS systems. > But NoSQL is pretty much based on the idea that you store data from your application in a way which is close to the internal data structures, is it not? IMO, it's not. Try BigTable on Google App Engine, or HBase for some examples. IMO, these are often more difficult to relate to a programming model than a traditional RDBMS due to their inherent limitations. Of course, their structure is one of Columns/Rows as well. One of the problems with describing NoSQL as a movement is that there are a broad range of solutions to a broad range of problems that are being covered by the same terminology. On the other hand, I suppose there are quite a few NoSQL solutions that do not require structured input data and therefore may appear attractive to people who don't want to maintain rigid structures for data input. That's always seemed like more hype than reality to me, though. I've had pretty good experiences with evolving schemas within PostgreSQL and other SQL systems, and the challenges faced (data migration, dealing with old data in the model, etc) were essentially the same that I would have faced with something like a MongoDB system. I don't really see the advantage of NoSQL there at all. I can also see how they could be viewed as essentially OODB 2.0, and they may very well fall by the wayside for a lot of the same reasons. I do not own a Kindle and the Cloud Reader works fine for me. I've never had it ask for a serial # or anything like that. Perhaps this is a requirement for new accounts? > On Windows and Linux I cannot switch to an app bringing all windows to the front, I have to do it one at a time. I'm pretty sure Linux w/ Gnome 3 does it the Mac OS X way by default. I support a walled garden, as long as there is always a door that I can open. Every dealership that I've talked to for the past 5 years or so has had one (albeit, typically the "department" is one person at the dealers around here). Does Windows Phone solve these issues? Ie, is there review process actually better than Apple's? Or do they have similar support to (the overwhelming majority of) Android phones for loading alternative app stores? I haven't really seen much evidence one way or the other at this point. No, I think he is implying that major software is not a "mostly drag-and-drop" affair. In some ways, things have progressed and software is easier, but it's far from drag-and-drop for all but the most specialized problems. My Nexus One met the pavement/concrete a few times (~3) without a case. The third caused a smashed screen. I don't doubt your story, but there are definitely angles that are better for the phone to land than others. The Otterbox kept it safe after that. If they really rewrote it in a week, then either it was trivial or they were able to reuse the bulk of it. The Spoelsky article applies to neither of those cases. If you want to include the efficiency of the entire electrical pipeline, then you need to do the same for the gasoline/diesel engine. How much energy is used for the extraction, refinery, transport, and distribution of gasoline/diesel fuel? I suspect 26% efficiency for gasoline would also be extremely high compared to reality if those costs were factored in. Well, your car comparison started at electricity production. At the very least, your gasoline example should start at the refinery. Does anyone know the efficiency of the average refinery? Or distribution costs? My suspicion is that they are actually just as bad as the overhead of burning coal. If they released the Lumia 920 w/ Android 4.1, it would immediately be the second best selling Android phone, IMO. Cf, some previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4523380 The Tesla has ~180 mile range on a 30 minute charge. 150 miles one way with a charger at the office sounds quite practical based on that. It'd actually be less disruptive than a gasoline vehicle. I have a GSII (T989) in the US, and the latest official release is ICS (3.1). I'm not sure that it's completely bizarre. Dropbox will work on case-sensitive file systems, but it does very strange things if two files exist with the same name, but different case. I suspect MS just didn't want to deal with this complexity for what was (perceived) to be an issue for a relatively small number of people. To be clear, I don't necessarily agree with their reasoning, but I do see where it could have come from. The website itself has a lot more information: http://www.typescriptlang.org/ At a glance, this looks like a rather elegant solution to the problem of adding optional type-markers to JS without completely destroying the nature of the language (as AS3 did, IMO). First-to-file does not eliminate prior art. It also comes down to being right about it. It's often much easier to write something off ("that won't work"), than to accurately assess the reasons why it may not work, and possibly be part of modifying it so that it will. That difference is also subtle (just as subtle as the presentation in many cases), but also very important. On T-Mobile in the US, my 3G (HSPA+) frequently sees 13Mpbs down and ~5Mbps up with latencies of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interdictor_(blog) It turns out that many backup power plans have not been designed with longterm flooding in mind. I find parts of this comment to be unnecessarily paranoid. One of the major challenges for getting UAVs into the national airspace system is to integrate them with existing air traffic rules and systems. Beyond that, I don't see them physically being treated much differently from traditional police helicopters. I don't really see any evidence that police are disconnecting the transponders on those either. OTOH, I do have some concerns about the massive increase in numbers that these may bring, due to the decreased cost. It seems to open up some avenues for abuse. A machine with an infinite amount of RAM can have an infinite stack size. The engadget review ( http://www.engadget.com/2012/11/02/nexus-4-review/ ) complains of very bad battery life. TheVerge ( http://www.theverge.com/2012/11/2/3589280/google-nexus-4-rev... ) indicates it is ok. I wonder which is actually true? Getting Mac OS X to run on ARM is no big deal. I'm sure there are internal test systems doing this already. Getting the entire ecosystem moved over is a very big deal. I don't see how an emulation approach can work this time, as the ARM chips would not be significantly faster than the chips they are replacing. AbiWord was fairly close to this, and I believe it was part of Gnome Office at one point (along with Gnumeric, which was a pretty good spreadsheet app for a while).