I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well. Wow. Check out the people who lost serious money on MtGox: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... One person lost 1998 btc. That was anywhere from $500,000 to a million bucks. I thought it was interesting that a programmer with foresight could make ~$235k in a matter of a few days due to the mtgox problems. Their total volume was 29385 BTC of which they earned 2%, which is 587 BTC. >Out of curiosity, what's your opinion on crypto-currencies that aren't deflationary? Now, that sounds like a good idea. But at that point, we're talking about a cryptocurrency equivalent of real grown-up money I'm extremely amused, because Dogecoin is inflationary. So Dogecoin is "real grown-up money" by your definition. It's not even as simple as a failure to communicate. It's hard not to conclude that they outright lied. First it was malleability, then it was "we're waiting on bitcoin developers," then it was "we've moved due to protesters and security problems," and now it's "we've closed our site due to recent news reports." I wonder when precisely they realized that >700,000btc were missing. $400,000 is a life-changing amount of money for the vast majority of people on the planet, let alone Americans. I believed in Mark (the owner of MtGox) and his team, defending them vigorously, and got screwed as a consequence. The support staff was on IRC every day saying "Yes, we have customers' funds. No, we aren't insolvent. Everything is fine, everything will be fine." They answered every question in a level-headed fashion. They were either being paid to lie, or being fed lies, or somehow MtGox didn't become aware of the fact that they were missing >700,000btc until a day or two before they shut off their website. So I was pretty gullible. And I just want to thank Patrick (patio11) for being a constant throughout this whole ordeal: constantly skeptical, and with good reason. Other users will see it. If the computer remembered every modification of every document, then users would be protected from incidents like this. Could you give a source on that MK statement? It's the first I've heard of it. This document seems like fairly conclusive evidence that they've lost access to >700,000 bitcoins, because there's no reason for them to spend time putting together the document otherwise. Quick question: What's preventing Coinbase from shutting down operations tomorrow and walking away with everyone's money, as MtGox walked away with mine? Or, what if the founders orchestrated some sort of disaster wherein all of the coins are claimed to be lost, but in reality they're simply transferred to the founders? I know they wouldn't actually do that. My question is, what's stopping them? Why wouldn't someone try to do that, other than their morals? The promise of future profits amounting to more than what they would walk away with today That's exactly the same argument I used to justify why MtGox wouldn't shut down, almost word for word. It's the same argument I used to convince myself why they wouldn't shut down. They still shut down. They're not anonymous, and they would run a real risk of bodily harm by such a public crime. So we're relying on mob justice? Also, Mr. Karpeles hasn't been harmed and probably won't be. The article links this wallet: https://blockchain.info/charts/received-per-day?address=1Drt... But that was a Bitstamp wallet, not an MtGox wallet. To bypass the paywall: TOKYO—A lawyer for Mt. Gox announced at a news conference at the Tokyo District Court that the embattled bitcoin exchange was filing for bankruptcy protection and that Mt. Gox had outstanding debt of about ¥6.5 billion ($63.6 million). The exchange has been under fire from investors since it stopped bitcoin withdrawals in early February, citing a technical issue that potentially made fraudulent withdrawals possible. On Tuesday, Mt. Gox, which at one point handled more than 80% of trades in the virtual currency, stopped all transactions, dealing the severest blow to the bitcoin industry yet and raised concerns about a lack of protection for users. Several Mt. Gox investors say they have little hope of recovering their funds, with some individual investors saying they had bitcoins valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars in Mt. Gox. Should Mark Karpeles go to jail? It's a question I've asked myself many times over the past couple days. On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But this is a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. Should the owner Mark Karpeles go to jail? On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But that's a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. What does everyone think? My observation is simply that the future is unknown, and therefore a greedy actor would benefit greatly from stealing >5% of a currency. The most straightforward way to do this is to set up a popular exchange and orchestrate a disaster which is secretly a theft. Since there's no way to prove it, and since bitcoin wallets can lay dormant for decades, there's at least some incentive to do this. Should jailtime be on the table for gross negligence? I'm just interested in everyone's thoughts on the matter. Some info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1z37zw/mt_gox_has_a... "MtGox still has at least 200k BTC" Here are the possibilities, as far as I can tell: 1) That information is inaccurate. 2) MtGox lost their private keys. 3) The private keys were kept in a bank vault, which was seized by a foreign entity like the US government at some earlier time. 4) MtGox stole the coins. The management of MtGox knows which of these is correct, but they probably aren't going to say. For convenience, here's the full text of the update: March 2, 2014 To anyone concerned Mark Karpeles MtGox Co., Ltd. Shibuya-ku, Tokyo ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING AN APPLICATION FOR COMMENCEMENT OF A PROCEDURE OF CIVIL REHABILITATION An overview of the situation should be published here shortly (probably on March 3, 2014 (Japan time)). Contact information A call center has been established to respond to all inquiries. The call center is planned to start on March 3, 2014. All inquiries to MtGox Co., Ltd. should be made to the following telephone number: Telephone number +81 3-4588-3921 Working hours Monday to Friday 10am to 5pm (Japan time) Please refrain from contacting the office of the supervisor/investigator. Is the only solution really to give up on your own desires? (Or to force yourself to desire the things you list?) Actually, there seems to be no correlation between working hard and becoming the next Airbnb. Working hard is necessary the same way intelligence is necessary: past a certain threshold, other things matter more. And if a metric has no correlation with mega-success, then investing based on that metric is a mistake. (If working harder was correlated with mega success, then the winners would be easy to pick out: invest in anyone whose team spends all their time on the startup. But many startups do that yet still fail, so it must be true that those extra 20 hours per week shouldn't factor into any any investor's decision making process, counterintuitively.) Let's not make up charges without evidence. Isn't it a bit hypocritical that the US should tell Russia not to get involved? We had no right to go into Iraq, for example. If an entity is able to exercise political power, and there's an advantage to do so, then it seems inevitable that the entity will always do so. At the very least, I wish people would stop comparing downloading movies and music from the internet as stealing. Games released via Steam have shown evidence that when a singleplayer game is unavailable as a torrent for free, then people will pay for it. The counterargument to this is that most people who torrent wouldn't pay for it anyway. But I assert that there is a third class of people: those who first check to see if it's available for free, and if not, pay for it. Whether these people constitute a significant portion of revenue is an open question, but it's hard to classify their actions from a moral standpoint as something other than stealing. The closest classification other than "stealing" would probably be "sampling." I've often been frustrated at an inability to try out a certain kind of dev tool before buying it outright, and their free version is usually missing features which I really need to test. But there needs to be a large-scale study as to whether people really behave this way normally, or if they just take what they can get for free. Unfortunately it's difficult to find an unbiased source of funding for such a study, so the resulting research paper would probably be slanted in one moral direction or the other instead of presenting the raw data. It's not an easy question to answer. I think technological capabilities will decide how companies will behave, because those who don't accept reality will go out of business. Could it be a confusion of definition? Some would define stealing as, "You have no right to be enjoying my work unless you have paid me what I ask. It's your right to choose not to pay me and look for a different product." Please consider typing out a full English translation. If you post your bitcoin address here, then I'm sure plenty of people here will pay you some coin for your effort. Testing does not improve systems security, as evidenced by Ruby on Rails: Rails uses testing and it's insecure. This is an important and valuable point. He wasn't discouraging new ideas, but rather pointing out how hard it is to make new ideas practical in the security arena. What's necessary is to get at least two experienced cryptographers thinking about every piece of security-critical code, because that's what will prevent bugs. It's also why security audits are so expensive: they work. The code absolutely should have had clearer comments, since if every step were commented then some of the return value confusion may have been avoided. The style of the code itself probably isn't as terrible as it seems at first glance, though. It's also not easy to write useful unit tests for a security stack. Thinking correct things is more valuable than thinking popular things. They'll come around to your point of view in time. If not expert cryptographers, than at least expert C programmers. I was trying to be diplomatic, but blunt is perhaps better for clarity: no expert C programmer should have any trouble reading and comprehending the syntax of the code in question, which is mainly what the parent poster was calling out. https://www.gitorious.org/gnutls/gnutls/commit/0fba2d908da6d... It's probably tempting to think that unit testing might save us from security failures. People have written many words on both sides. But how many of us have actually tried it? No one who hasn't tried (and tried hard ) to see whether unit testing works has any business arguing for (or against) unit testing. We simply don't have enough data to know whether it's valuable. And the fact that unit testing works in domains other than security isn't evidence that unit testing would produce any kind of benefit in computer security. What's getting lost in the noise here, I think, is that it's important to zoom out and think about a broad overview of how difficult compsec is. Think about all the different situations that require security. Even something as seemingly simple and straightforward as an OS-level copy-paste mechanism requires thinking about security. Could you write unit tests to cover all security situations? How about all possible situations? If not all possible situations, then why? What's the difference between a situation that you can unit test and one that you can't? Is it possible to write a unit test that checks whether there's a sequence of steps a user could take to exploit an OS-level copy-paste mechanism? Can you unit test the efficacy of a TCP/IP stack? Is it possible to unit test whether the Debian OpenSSL PRNG is being fed with sufficient bits of entropy? Can you unit test whether the colors of your website are pleasing? The most interesting answer to those questions isn't "yes" or "no." The most interesting answer is "maybe." Because "maybe" means nobody knows, and that's fundamentally interesting. It's possible that it's possible to write unit tests for domains that nobody has thought of yet. (Yes, even tests that automatically infer whether your website's colors are pleasing to humans.) Could unit testing have saved us from this one particular case? Maybe. But is it possible to write unit tests in the general case? Maybe not. But you, I, and everyone else doesn't know until we actually try. It could be impossible, or if not impossible then infeasible, or if not infeasible in a dynamic language then infeasible in C libraries. On the flipside, if you investigate, and you come up with a way of writing unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you may have just discovered a breakthrough in how cryptographers can write security libraries. Because if it's possible to write useful unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you will have demonstrated something that most cryptographers generally disbelieve, the same way that people disbelieve that it's possible to unit test whether colors are pleasing. So get to work! There's nobody stopping anyone from right now going and trying to write those unit tests. Try it, write a blog post about your experience and the hardships, write about what you've learned. I guarantee it will be interesting. All I'm saying is that we should be experienced before we advocate or dismiss an idea, and the only way to get experience is to try it out. I'd love to eventually work on that kind of stuff full time- how would one go about making the transition? Do you basically have to learn/work on projects like this during your free time, and hope your "portfolio" gets you a job? It's really that easy, as strange as it sounds. Just find some graphics stuff you like doing, and do it a lot. I submitted this because I just realized it's been half a decade since this was written, so if it's true then we should be able to see some evidence of whether or not Apple actually made a mistake. Has the essay turned out to be true? Mistaken? Or possibly true in the future? And if Apple made no mistake, then what does that bode for the future of programming? I just can't bring myself to mundane, boring work. Most work is. Be careful not to squander your opportunities, though. Once you leave grad school, you don't really get to be around that type of environment anymore, for better or worse. (I mean opportunities like being among people who share your personal interests, not financial or business opportunities. Though those are there too, if that's what you want.) if they offer him 100 days in jail if he pleads guilty, or 100 years in jail if he's convicted, it would make sense to plead guilty from a pure risk management perspective, even if he has an enormously strong case. I'm not so sure about that. Imagine the terrible precedent you'd set. EDIT: Risk aversion is sometimes toxic to society. What if it's a charge you know to be bogus, or that you really didn't do anything wrong? Would people willingly go to jail for a crime they know they didn't commit? If it's hazy about whether what they did was a crime, that's a different matter though. And it's a little frustrating to see prosecutors trump up charges to get an easy plea bargain. Maybe there should be some limit between the max sentence and the min plea sentence, so that they can't throw 50-year threats around without at least a 5-year plea bargain. I wonder, as the world moves to cloud computing, will there be much difference between "hosting" and "linking"? Documents are digital, but "digital" used to mean that the bits were on a device that you own, which is becoming less true with time. Does the location of bits on a harddrive determine guilt, or does the intent to distribute the protected information? If intent, then is linking intent? Why did it become socially acceptable for prosecutors to throw around 100-year threats, though? It seems like the only reason that's not a crime is because they're the legal system. Maybe there should be a limit on the span between maximum threat and minimum sentence, so that 100-year threats can't be thrown around unless the minimum plea is at least 5-10 years. That would make a prosecutor hesitate to employ such a powerful weapon, because the defendant would be more willing go to trial in that scenario, which reduces their chances of landing that conviction. Ah, thank you. So does anyone know what maximum threat he's actually facing? Is it true to say "no one really knows precisely how much of a threat he's facing"? The justice system is usually precise, so it seems odd that a precise maximum can't readily be found in this case. Do you think the maximum is probably more than 10 years? EDIT: I see you've run the numbers in your other comment, sorry: 1028 imposes a maximum sentence of 15 years for the gravest crime listed in the statute. Assuming he is found (or pleads guilty) this yields a likely maximum sentence of 17 years, or a potential maximum sentence of no more than 33 years. Does this seem excessive? Late in life and after his death Hoover became a controversial figure, as evidence of his secretive actions became known. His critics have accused him of exceeding the jurisdiction of the FBI.[1] He used the FBI to harass political dissenters and activists, to amass secret files on political leaders,[2] and to collect evidence using illegal methods.[3] Hoover consequently amassed a great deal of power and was in a position to intimidate and threaten sitting Presidents.[4] However, according to biographer Kenneth Ackerman, the notion that Hoover’s secret files kept presidents from firing him is a myth.[5] Seems some on Wikipedia disagree... Sad to say, but this is probably correct. Bitcoin's anonymity for private keys is also its greatest weakness right now. In the case of disaster, there's no way to prove whether a private key was lost, stolen by an external party, or stolen by the founders. Bank accounts are much easier to audit. Perhaps engineers' actual value is far in excess of their salaries? It seems like if it wasn't, there'd be no reason to collude. Does anyone collude to prevent bakers from switching bakeries? Really? That's very interesting. Do you have a link or further info about that? It's their right to stay private if they want to. What seems odd is that so many people are trying to unmask them. Also, if Nakamoto wishes to remain private, then it's their right to remain private. Regarding your point about paranoia: Here's an example of people in Ecuador executing a father and son for a mere $20,000: http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/1zktth/quito_... This is what the Nakamoto family now has to worry about. It wasn't a random killing. There were at least 6 people arrested in connection with the murders. Apparently the robbers had people inside the bank who they were paying to alert them whenever someone withdrew large amounts of cash. People get killed over money a lot. It's probably not paranoia. I would recommend you watch the video to understand the gruesome nature of what Nakamoto now has to live with. I was speaking of moral rights rather than legal rights, and of being a good person. Though I realize many feel these traits don't exist at all. This wasn't a random robbery though. This was a systematic killing involving dirty banking employees who sent people to hunt them down. The connection is that $20,000 is a ton of money in Ecuador, and Nakamoto has a ton of money, so Nakamoto now has to worry about being hunted. Isn't Nakamoto the only person who lives in LA who also controls >10% of a currency? I submitted this mainly to find out whether it's real. It's quite interesting if true, but the whole "preempatively ship packages to customers' addresses" reminds me of http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA_gwzx39LQ Well, I lost all of my Mt. Gox bitcoins, and it seems to me there were no repercussions for the founders. They could have stolen the coins and nobody would be the wiser. It's already become clear that there was much more to the story than Gox has revealed, e.g. that they knew about malleability since 2011 and then were reminded again in November. Heh. Because I no longer have the money to. Does Apple sell user data? now it seems far more likely that Satoshi is Satoshi. Actually, Satoshi Nakamoto denied being Dorian Nakamoto. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7358150 I also really like the attitude that if you're not touching code, you're not doing real work. Sure, project managers etc. will say that your job is not solely to write code, and that responding to emails, participating in meetings with your teammates, etc. are as much part of your job. But I like the simplicity of "if you're not writing code, you're fucking off" and how easy it makes it to answer the question "Did I work today?". On the other hand, programming all day is sometimes a recipe for not learning. It might be better to spend 20 minutes learning an elegant solution rather than 5 minutes implementing a hack. But those 20 minutes are mostly spent reading rather than writing. Hm... Python only supports 1000 recursions? That seems unsafe. It seems like anyone who writes functional-style code will run the risk of a stack overflow. The problem is that humans are incredibly selfish. Given the choice between spending time or spending money, people usually spend money. It's one reason Steam is so profitable. So it can't be true that most people inherently want to steal. It seems like people want convenience. When faced with a choice, people usually choose whichever option is least bothersome. That implies a goal for content creators: be the least bothersome option, and users will pay you. Unfortunately for the movie industry, Popcorn Time is currently the least bothersome service. It's free, decentralized, and tastefully designed. The industry should clone Popcorn Time, because that would put them in a better position than they're currently in. This is the best population visualization I've ever seen. It's striking that spikes turned out to be so superior to heatmaps. It's possible to intuit the whole dataset at a glance, whereas heatmaps force you to constantly worry about the meaning of every color in relation to every other color. It's obvious in retrospect why spikes are superior: precision. Spikes represent the underlying data much more accurately than colors, especially between datapoints. This has been sort of an obsession of mine lately using the game of hangman and decision theory to "prove" why this works and how it applies to software development. Oh come on, you can't tease us like that! You have a duty to satisfy our curiosity now. :) How can hangman with decision theory apply to software development? Offtopic, but: what's an example of a situation where using rm -f is bad compared to rm in practice? That is, an example where rm would save you but rm -f would make your life upsetting? On topic: idempotency may be a red herring in this context. Unfortunately filesystems are designed with the assumption that every modification is inherently stateful. (It may be possible to design a different type of filesystem without this assumption, but every filesystem currently operates as a sequence of commits that alter state.) So installing a library or a program is necessarily stateful. What do you do if the program fails to install? Trying again probably won't help: the failure is probably due to some other missing or corrupted state. So indempotency won't help you because there's no situation in which a retry loop would be helpful. That is, if something fails, then whatever operation you were trying to accomplish is probably doomed anyway (if it's automated). I think docker is the right answer. It sidesteps the problem by letting you create containers with guaranteed state. If you perform a sequence of steps, and those steps succeeded once, then they'll always succeed (as long as errors like network connectivity issues are taken into account, but you'd have to do that anyway). EDIT: I disagree with myself. Let's say you write a program to set up a docker container and install a web service. If at some future time some component that the web service relies upon releases an update that changes its API in a way that breaks the web service, then your supercool docker autosetup script will no longer function. The only way around this is to install known versions of everything , but that's a horrible idea because it makes security updates impossible to install. It's a tough problem in general. Everyone agrees that hiring people to set up and manually configure servers isn't a tenable solution. But we haven't really agreed what should replace an intelligent human when configuring a server. Has there ever been a time when seeking news was the most important priority? A friend has a question for you: "How many moves does it think ahead? Or does it just think in the 'here-and-now' (only 1 move ahead)?" The second half is quite true though: or some other people that is having a few bad weeks, is finding an escape playing at it. Luckily, our founding fathers built in a way to achieve the same effects as a revolution without any violence. If you were to start an armed insurrection, the government would be totally justified in ending you. Not a smart decision given today's level of technology. It was through sheer luck that the American revolution worked at all: the British commanders were so incredibly incompetent that they checkmated themselves. It's kind of interesting to think about. Remember the hullabaloo just after the Boston bomber lit off the bomb but wasn't caught yet? Imagine all of that societal rage focused on a small group of people who have started an armed conflict and killed a few policemen, and you can imagine how quickly that group will be annihilated. And we all know how effective that technology is at ending all those pesky terrorists with their zip guns and IEDs... Those people have been indoctrinated since birth to see us as evil invaders. Some of their religions have baked in the idea that it's good to die in order to kill invaders. And we've sometimes acted like an evil invader. (See Blackwater atrocities, etc.) It's an invalid comparison because our population isn't motivated in the same way. It's easy to become disheartened with the current state of affairs, but history has shown that ignoring reality doesn't work. Setting aside the question of ethics, the reality is that an armed revolution in America probably can't happen. And besides, there are plenty of other options to explore. Drones are getting pretty incredible. This one is almost indestructible: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl2Z9N4Q82g Just curious, which music would you use? This happens to be important to me, so some analysis would be appreciated. EDIT: Assume only a visual feed was available, no audio. Not sure if you're looking for critique, and giving critique has sometimes been discouraged on HN, but: It's pretty good for a week of work. Though there's a difference between being challenging and being annoying. Many of the level design elements could be classified as a "dick move." An example would be not making it clear the goal is to collect all the coins until after the player has bypassed some of them and reached the end. In general the controls are too sluggish. It's as if triple buffering is enabled, or maybe quad buffering. If you're at a university, you should try to borrow a high speed camera and measure the time difference between when someone presses the spacebar vs when the character starts to jump. I don't know if it's a Chrome thing or what, but I fell off cliffs several times due to the input delay. The gravity could be better. I'd recommend spending some time with Cave Story to get a feel for how to make gravity really work in the player's favor, rather than against them. In general it's a bad idea to make velocity strictly linear. Some acceleration adds to the experience and precision. A checkpointing system would be good. I can see how most players will give up after getting mostly to the end and then dying. I think you should just restart players from the last point that they were on the ground without dying, that is, the most recent ledge that they were standing on. It shows promise. If you're looking for feedback about how to advance as a game developer, one step would be to make sure you're not rewriting your entire game engine from scratch for each game. It's excellent that you're writing your own engines rather than trying to use other people's, so be sure to keep doing that. It's important for gamedevs to have an idea of the underlying principles and limitations, and the best way to do that is to write your own engines. I got the feeling that most of the week was spent on the engine rather than iterating on the gameplay or level design though. Teaming up with an artist or a level designer might be a good match. Actually, input is fundamental to a game, because there's no way to make a game without input. It's one of the most important aspects of any game. Making HTML 5 a serious gamedev competitor is one of the most important tasks facing the future gamedev industry, which means lessmilk is doing important work. It's important to call out the roadblocks so that the roadblocks get solved. It would be extremely valuable if someone were to do an analysis as to why the input is laggy so that future gamedevs can avoid that pitfall or that Mozilla/Chrome can fix their issue. In case anyone else is wondering what a source map is, it's apparently Javascript's version of C's debug symbols. That is, given a chunk of optimized runtime code, it will show you which part of your original source code generated it. Is it supposed to look like this? http://i.imgur.com/mmTX2EW.png Nah, just kidding. It looks fine for me. Unfortunately, either it's broken or everyone stopped playing it. It hasn't found any competitor after about 5 minutes of searching. Bizarre. It worked fine for me. I wonder how these paywall algorithms decide who to demand money from? Are you on mobile? Actually, it's sort of a myth that hardware is fundamentally harder than software. The toolsets simply haven't been as powerful until recently. Hardware can be thought of as hardcoded software. But it's no longer the case that hardware is hardcoded. Hardware is becoming increasingly sophisticated, especially in their ability to be reprogrammed on the fly. I think you'd have to analyze all of the hardware you use, which seems impossible given the sheer quantity of hardware in use. Trying to notify intelligent life that we exist has a high probability of being the worst idea in all of human history, because there's a high probability that there will be no more human history after we meet them. But radio emissions swiftly degrade after not too long of a distance, so unless we build some kind of extremely high-powered transmitter then any scheme like this is doomed to failure. Luckily. A modem can't MITM https without the key. And all http traffic can be MITM'd anyway. So having control of the modem doesn't get you anything that you wouldn't otherwise be able to get by vacuuming up the traffic further upstream. What's an example of exploiting system services? I didn't know they had DMA. Hmm... you make some good points. It seems like the purpose of sending a signal is ultimately to get aliens to visit us. But the diseases they bring with them do have a high probability of wiping us out (or us wiping them out). I suppose if both sides are very careful, or if we restrict ourselves to communication only, then it could be all right. But why go looking for more problems when we haven't even solved our own? And we probably never will. One reason to be searching for a new civilization is to steal their technology. The first nation that's willing to do this stands to dominate every other nation, so there's a big incentive for us to steal their tech as long as the concept of nations still exist. And of course, if the aliens somehow didn't already have nuclear technology, then transmitting our Wikipedia to them might prove disastrous for them. I think it became a hit as a natural consequence of being so good. He had to do almost no work on promotion, iirc. But I think he was a fairly popular gamedev (or at least not-unknown) before he made Papers, Please. One thing to realize is that game reviewers like Yahtzee and especially TotalBiscuit always have their eyes open for new games that have new gameplay. That is, games with game mechanics that have never been thought of before. So if anyone here happens to make one, and it's fun, then you'll probably be able to get picked up by TB. And since he has >1M YouTube subscribers, that's quite a lot of publicity. (Papers, Please was picked up by TB. It's how I heard of it.) One theory is that Mt. Gox became fractional reserve some time in the past, either by losing bitcoins or by spending them. Then they were unable to replenish their supply, so it was a matter of time before a bank run. The reason I tend to believe this scenario is because it's completely consistent with their behavior. I watched them very closely, and there seemed to be no rhyme or reason for their behavior. That is, unless they were missing everyone's bitcoin for some reason. Then their behavior made perfect sense. In that scenario, Mt. Gox would have knowingly traded non-existent Bitcoins for far, far longer than two weeks. EDIT: I should mention that there's still no evidence whatsoever that malleability somehow led to the loss of >500,000 BTC. It seems unlikely. This was the logic of many on Reddit. I was pretty shocked. "Yeah, I just wanted to see what it did." Luckily, some were sensible enough to run it in a virtual machine. I just looked at the burger in question. Wow! I'd totally eat 1,000 of those. But I guess I should start caring about things like not having heart attacks, so I don't know. My heart says "yes" though. A question for the physicists on HN: I've heard that black holes emit radiation. But if nothing can go faster than the speed of light, and a black hole's gravity is so strong that not even light can escape, then how can a black hole emit anything? Is there a kind of black hole which is so massive that not even that radiation can escape, or do all black holes emit some kind of radiation? (In fact, do they emit radiation proportional to their size?) I invested a lot of money into bitcoin. Then I lost it. Just one datapoint. But there's no question that bitcoin is extremely dangerous to anyone who buys it. You can lose your private keys. You can have your coins stolen. You can put your trust into the wrong web service. One thing I've realized is that bitcoin is mostly about greed right now. There's no reason to buy it unless you want something that can only be procured via bitcoin, or unless you want to make a lot of money. But unless you're very lucky, you won't make a lot of money. You'll probably lose money. I would agree with Buffet. Unless someone comes up with a compelling reason to buy bitcoin, then don't. Just in case this was a reply to my now-deleted comment: Sorry about that. I deleted it because I replied to the wrong comment. I reposted it elsewhere: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7405339 If the money supply is fixed, then people will have a harder time acquiring namecoin after all the namecoin is generated. People will have to buy it, and since it's a scarce resource, it may become extremely expensive. Especially if namecoin exploded in popularity. I suppose if it becomes expensive then the namecoin admins could lower the cost of database inserts/updates. But it seems like that would prompt the price per namecoin to rise accordingly, because the value of namecoin is a single database insert or update. The manager was allowed to stay? The most likely explanation is probably that they're wealthy and want to donate some of it while having some fun. They're probably not a thief. What were they like? Robots will have their own agendas though, so you'll still have politics. Thank you for teaching how to use WebGL. The internet could use more tutorials like these. I think people are missing the point: it's not meant to look good, it's meant to teach people. So let's stop discouraging. Wait, why are people so quick to download and install these binaries? This is an excellent opportunity to piggyback a virus onto a ton of people's computers, and the "Yify" github profile seems to have no other prior history: https://github.com/Yify EDIT: Nevermind, it's headed by jduncanator who seems to have done a lot of public work. They also contributed to the original popcorn time. Interesting... Do you have a link to more info about this? Specifically regarding the malware? Be careful what you wish for. History has shown that countries which are free to think will eventually outthink those that aren't. And what you're arguing for is restriction of thought. The important advancements in the recent modern world haven't really been scientific in the traditional sense of "scientific advancement." The advancements of the last decade are more like engineering than pure scientific discovery. Under that definition, Linux certainly qualifies, because it's a major feat of engineering regardless of its roots in Unix. Would you mind giving your thoughts on http://paulgraham.com/america.html ? Specifically, point #7: If there are any laws regulating businesses, you can assume larval startups will break most of them, because they don't know what the laws are and don't have time to find out. For example, many startups in America begin in places where it's not really legal to run a business. Hewlett-Packard, Apple, and Google were all run out of garages. Many more startups, including ours, were initially run out of apartments. If the laws against such things were actually enforced, most startups wouldn't happen. That could be a problem in fussier countries. If Hewlett and Packard tried running an electronics company out of their garage in Switzerland, the old lady next door would report them to the municipal authorities. The reason I responded the way I did is because you seem to be arguing for a docile population, which to anyone who has studied history is a recipe for disaster. The quote was so interesting that I went and found the source: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/1028.ect Now there's this gem: "it was basically became clear that we either figure out how to beat the fraudsters or the fraudsters will take us under. And the company more or less refocused itself as a research entity towards figuring out innovative technological ways of destroying fraud in the Internet. And that alone could be the subject of an entire class or a series of classes so I will completely skip over all the cool technology we developed. Some of you might have seen stuff in the news, words like EOR or ELIA, all these tools that we've built. They're as cool as they sound. I could never tell you about them because they're very secret and they're still in use. But maybe if you want to hang out afterwards, I can tell you a little bit. But they're really cool and we did really figured out how to kill fraud. ... The submerged part of PayPal is this massive and very, very numerically-driven risk management system which allows us to instantaneously tell when you're moving money to someone else, with a very high degree of certainty whether the money you're moving is yours or you got it illegally and we might be on the hook later on to help the authorities investigate or retrieve the money, et cetera, et cetera." I simply must know. I'll never find out how Paypal killed fraud unless I ask HN right now, and I've got to know. So, with apologies for branching into a completely unrelated topic: What magic did Paypal invent in order to do all of those amazing things described above? How'd they kill fraud? What are the details of how the technology works? Is it still a closely guarded secret? Do they use some advanced statistical mathematics to detect fraud, or do they bruteforce the detection by providing massive quantities of data to the otherwise-dumb detector algorithm? What fascinates me is that they've come up with a way to detect fraud automatically, with no human input. There are false positives, which everyone here has probably had some terrible experiences with, but... Still, how did they train a computer to detect and freeze the very sophisticated and very subtle covert techniques of Russian mobster money launderers? Any info would be very much appreciated, especially citations / references for further reading on this topic. Maybe physics drank that Kool Aid that all experimental errors of course, as given by God, have a Gaussian distribution, that is "a perfect bell curve", and, then, yes, can get "68% of the data is within one standard deviation of the mean, 95% is within two, and so on.", and that σ has a particular numerical value and regard standard deviation as an area. Yes, maybe this is physics but it is very sloppy thinking That's very interesting! What are some practical or pragmatic advantages of your way of thinking compared to the standard (sloppy) way of thinking? I don't mean to put you on the spot; I genuinely would love to know. For example, what are some statistical problems which the standard (sloppy) mental model would have a tough time solving, but which your mental model would be able to yield tools for? There exists a particular anti-fraud heuristic at a YC company. They shared it to me in confidence, because as soon as you know it exists, you can trivially avoid it. I mean trivially. It's apparently insanely effective, though, half because it has a really good handle on who it wants to frustrate and the other half because it's not in the literature at all and, as a consequence, the bad guys don't even know they have to avoid defenses in that class of algorithms. That moment when I realize I should've come up with a way of demonstrating my own ability to keep other peoples' secrets, so that I can be let in on this one and satisfy this burning desire to figure out what the heck that particular fraud detection technique could possibly be... Well, clearly I'm going to be thinking all day about fraud detection methods and about guessing your technique. Hmm. I may as well guess your technique openly: Your technique must be something unexpected, and seemingly unrelated to "actions that fraudsters would normally be careful not to give themselves away with." So I'm going to guess that the technique is to analyze the linguistic traits of each user's password. Most people reuse passwords, and if the fraudsters share a similar cultural background then the password has a decent chance of giving away the fact that a particular user is from that same cultural background, e.g. if the password contains a foreign dictionary word in their native tongue yet their their purported home address is in a completely different country. That sort of thing. Or if the same group of fraudsters keep reusing the same passwords, or even parts of their previous passwords, then that would probably be enough to accurately detect them. Most people who don't use a password manager tend to reuse substrings of their prior passwords, so they end up leaving a pretty distinctive identity "footprint" by the type of passwords they choose. Their passwords are likely to share a similar structure, such as always consisting of two words followed by two numbers, for example, or always starting their passwords with two symbols like %#. And of course, if the fraudsters became aware that their password was giving themselves away, they'd trivially dodge the detector in the future. Hmm. I'll just have to invent my own fraud detection techniques. This is a lot of fun. It's no doubt a real watch he's wearing, but I'm pretty sure the screen is fake. No screen that emits photons would appear like that when recorded by a camcorder. The brightness and crispness is visibly wrong. I'm pretty sure it's CG. Vault of Satoshi charges $99/mo for access to their exchange? That seems absurdly high just for access. I wonder why people would pay that much, and how popular it is? EDIT: Ah. $99/mo in exchange for zero trade fees. That's actually an interesting dynamic. I bought a Razer Tiamat a couple years ago (a true 7.1 surround sound headset) and it was one of the best purchases I've ever made. Imagine living your life with one eye closed, then suddenly having the opportunity to open both eyes, and how surprising it would be to realize that you have depth perception, etc. That's sort of what experiencing true surround sound is like. It requires a bit of tweaking to get configured properly though, which led to a lot of negative reviews or people leaving reviews saying they weren't impressed. Experiencing actual 7.1 surround sound headphones (rather than simulated surround) is kind of like a mini version of experiencing the Oculus Rift for the first time, in terms of the "wow" factor when you finally get it working properly. What Rift is to eyes, the Tiamat is to ears. The reason headphones have had just two speakers till now is because people have two ears, so we've incorrectly assumed that that's all that's needed. But human ears are designed to capture 3D positional audio. Two speakers means there are only two positions that audio can come from. 7.1 headphones simply blow everything else out of the water. It's a very visceral experience that's hard to articulate. The takeaway is that having a headset which is capable of physically producing soundwaves from 7 different directions at once is one of the coolest experiences that any gamer can have. For casual gamers, it enhances the experience and immersion of any game. For competitive gamers, you can hear people sneaking up behind you, so you gain a competitive advantage. All of this means that real (not simulated) 7.1 surround sound is a valuable idea which till now has seemingly been overlooked by the gaming industry. The first industry player that delivers a true positional surround sound experience to the masses stands to profit handsomely, whether it's Oculus or Sony or someone else. So build it! (That said, I have no idea what 60 virtual speakers means, but I wanted to share my experience with true positional surround sound. Also, the surround sound headset works fine in tandem with the Rift. So until the Oculus guys realize how important 3D positional audio is and ship their next product with a pair of surround sound headphones, you can get the same effect right now from the Tiamat.) One of the coolest parts of the article is at the very end when he algorithmically constructs music with the sierpinski triangle. http://www.oftenpaper.net/img/sierzrp1.mp3 Actually, they only care about 5% of the big successes, just like any good investors. Or at least that's what they should be caring about. I wonder when pip will be considered old and outdated? def fib(n): x = ((1 + sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n x -= ((1 - sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n return x / sqrt(5) I've been very lucky and I don't have to worry much about money. I'm about to finish school. Very lucky. May I ask how? As someone in almost the same position as you were in, may I ask a more personal question? Were you able to get into a prestigious school once you had money? I want to go not because I care about prestige or about connections, but simply because I want to find out what the experience is like, and know that I can stand with the best. I do online MIT classes for fun just to prove to myself that I can do it, but I never really had opportunity growing up, nor did I realize how much opportunity mattered. Now I'm concerned it's too late. I'd love to get your thoughts. Please feel free to shoot me an email if you have ideas about how I might pursue this. Technology cannot be suppressed. It's an axiom of history. One way to phrase it is "change or die," but a more optimistic way would be "change is life." An important question for the future is how to make it profitable for studios to create media. If the revenue dries up, then so will the studios. I've heard Zuck likes Game of Thrones. In the future, there very well might not be anyone willing to invest money into creating Game of Thrones. Not at that level, anyway. The visual and epic experience that you're used to circa 2015 might not be sustainable circa 2035. Would Zuck fund Game of Thrones directly if needed? What are some ways that such an investment could make sense? Would crowdfunding make sense? The largest crowdfunding campaign still pales in comparison to the budgets required to deliver something like 7 seasons of Game of Thrones. Crowdfunding might not be the answer. There may not be any answer. We cannot enact change that affects billions of lives and then say “fend for yourself, figure out the new rules”. Not only can we, but we did. It's very natural to feel horrified with the events as they unfold, but there's really nothing that will stop it. Hacker culture is hardwired to prevent ostracization of the kinds of people who build Popcorn Time. In fact, they're considered noble. What we should focus on is how to find new revenues to fund media creation. It's not a good idea to try to change the culture. from math import sqrt from decimal import Decimal def fib(n): x = Decimal((1 + sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n x -= Decimal((1 - sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n return x / Decimal(sqrt(5)) print fib(1000) print fib(10000) print fib(1290309123) $ time python ~/fib.py 4.346655768693891359691727380E+208 3.364476487644307695949089018E+2089 2.879417086171668653426018537E+269658658 real 0m0.138s user 0m0.086s sys 0m0.026s FWIW, I got way more value out of the Matasano challenges than studying classic ciphers. Do you think it'd be a not-terrible idea for newcomers to focus entirely on studying this? http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-11-cryptographic-rig... I just wanted to thank you for the detailed writeup. It's very helpful and informative. Would anyone please link directly to the pdf of the paper so I can see for myself how they're keeping the mice awake? The typical way is for them to put the mice in a position such that it's impossible for them to fall asleep without falling into water. All that this proves is that extended stress leads to lost neurons, not necessarily the sleep loss. People often cite the "Fatal Familial Insomnia" disease as evidence of lack of sleep's ill effects, but they neglect to point out that the "insomnia" part is sometimes not observed in patients who then die anyway. So the sleep loss is apparently unrelated to the death. There doesn't seem to be any conclusive evidence linking sleep loss to neurodegeneration. It's seemingly just something that people want to believe in absence of evidence. Any luck on delivering a feature to prevent exchanges like Coinbase from stealing my money, or ability to retrieve my money once it's been stolen? There seems to be no way not to use exchanges when using Bitcoin, so this is a real problem. Or I suppose it could be that Mt. Gox was the problem, and now the problem has gone away. Still, I predict that when the economy crashes again as it did in 2008, we will see many more exchanges die off, and they'll take everyone's money with them. This may harm mass adoption of Bitcoin by reducing confidence. This seems a step in the right direction: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7277865 Anyone know if any exchanges have started doing this yet? Hard to do until gas and apartments can be paid for with BTC in most cities. How can they support 2-factor auth without also having the ability to spend the bitcoin in the wallets? What's needed is a way to keep bitcoin on remote servers without them having the ability to spend it, but to grant access with 2FA. This prevents password phishing attacks and keylogger attacks, without the user having to worry about their harddrive crashing and losing their wallet. But I'm not sure whether that's possible short of making them keep an encrypted wallet, which negates all of the user convenience of using an exchange. When you sell BTC on Coinbase, it takes anywhere from two days to two weeks for Coinbase to actually pay you. If they get into dire financial straits like Mt. Gox, then this period will gradually widen to become many months, and then some payments will stop going through altogether. So you'll have sold your N bitcoin and they'll have lost it. I guess this problem is unavoidable short of using lots of different exchanges. Maybe there just needs to be more than one Coinbase. Yes, the PDF is paywalled. Would you mind posting a Dropbox link to it or emailing it to me? Thanks! This is a very interesting paper, but I need to analyze the specific method they used to keep mice awake. All that paragraph says is "we used a previously validated technique," with no details as to how specifically they woke the mice up. Plowing $150M into a car company before making a sale isn't remotely reasonable. Why not? After all, it resulted in Tesla. Holding sons accountable for crimes of their fathers is immoral. Let his actions stand on their own. No one's father should matter. Pointing out that someone takes jobs in a certain area of the world seems morally questionable at best. He had to take jobs somewhere. I feel awkward for posting this, because at first glance it looks like I'm defending something terrible. But the reason I'm saying this is because this is otherwise how witchhunts start, so this is the right thing to do. If this guy is using the modern equivalent of slave labor, then he should be punished for it. That's really all there is to say. I'm a fan of BTC and use coinbase as my central wallet of choice. Please transfer your BTC to a wallet under your control immediately. Run, don't walk. Take it from me: it's a terrible feeling to lose your money because someone else lost it on your behalf. Under no circumstances should you trust anyone to have access to your bitcoin. Do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal. Philosophically, that's one of the core reasons bitcoin is a big deal, because at no point in history has it been possible to do that until now. If I had followed the above advice, then I wouldn't have lost a lot of money. Given the nature of human greed, what do you think the chances are that someone who has access to >10% of a currency will simply let it sit there and do nothing with it? Given the nature of computer security, what do you think the chances are that Coinbase is impregnable under every imaginable circumstance? What about a rogue employee? What if the founder himself steals? Now, the question is, what's the best way to accomplish the goal of "Don't let anyone else have access to your bitcoin, ever"? There are solutions. Find one, use it. Please. Don't make my mistake. This is awesome. It's anarchic and chaotic and amazing. I can't wait until it falls off the frontpage and drops to 5 users. EDIT: We killed it. Nooo. You will not change the world with a web app. No one changes the world with a web app. Or an android app. Or an iPhone app. There's no need to lie. The advice is otherwise good. The world is vast and has many places that need smart people. Find those places, adapt to what they need and start solving problems in the way you can The world is built to exploit smart people. I personally think they should focus on themselves and stop caring what other people want out of them, but I don't know whether that'd be best. Heh. Cunning people exploit the world. Smart people wind up working for cunning people. May I ask, where'd you get the dataset? OpenGL is less painful in the long run, because you won't be tied to Microsoft's APIs. Those APIs weaken you and your ability to think about graphics programming. All you need is a good GL wrapper. If writing your own is painful, just use someone else's. But it's important to be able to write your own, because if you can't, then that's what weakens you. A GPU doesn't work in the way that Microsoft would have you believe it works. By restricting your worldview to Microsoft's predefined notion of what it should be, you'll never know the true extent of what you can do as a graphics programmer. A secondary reason to avoid DX is because gaming on windows has a high chance of being dead within the next decade. If that seems laughable, think of how laughable it would've sounded for anyone to say that about CDs for music in 2001. This story is fiction? It's come up so many times as if it was fact. It'd be pretty interesting to compile a list of stories which people generally believe are true, but are actually fiction. In case anyone is wondering the proper way to compare two HMACs, it's to xor the strings and check whether the result is zero. If string A xor string B is zero, then they're equal. If it's nonzero, then they're not equal. This will prevent timing attacks, because the entirety of both strings are compared. When you compare the two HMACs using standard string comparison, you expose yourself to a timing attack because the algorithm will likely stop comparing after finding the first difference in the strings. Heh. My first answer was "copy paste the algorithm from tarsnap," but then I thought I'd better explain it directly. Thank you for pasting it. It seems unlikely that Karpeles randomly stumbled across 200,000 missing bitcoins. It seems at least plausible that he attempted to steal them and is now backpedaling since people aren't buying his malleability story. This is the first ray of hope regarding customers recovering any of their missing bitcoin though. If that were the case, then there's no reason to frame it as if they thought there weren't any bitcoins left in unused company wallets. They could just tell the truth. For what it's worth (which isn't necessarily very much, since I've been very wrong about bitcoin before) I've been monitoring the situation pretty closely, and the Redditors have been doing a thorough and fairly scientific job of concluding what is or isn't possible. There are some crazies in the threads of course, but they get downvoted or called out on their speculation. Since there's no concrete evidence, what rises to the top of the threads are statements like "Here's what we know. Here are possible theories as to why these facts are present." It feels very much like the opposite of a witch hunt. Someone transferring huge sums of money right before they shut down and claim the money is missing is pretty suspicious. Ah. Thank you for correcting me. For what it's worth, your explanations are what I had in mind when talking about the scientificness of the investigations. I probably should have said "nullc has been doing a great job of making sure people don't get carried away with unfounded speculation" and left it at that though. It's pretty interesting to think that most people who like someone might hate them if only they knew what their true thoughts were, and that someone can be acutely aware of what most people would hate them for. I think this is a great change. It's great that you're still iterating on HN and changing the fundamentals. Can someone with over 1,000 karma start replying to a fresh comment before it's endorsed? Or will the reply link not be there until it's endorsed? If it's the latter, I'm worried that this might stifle the (admittedly rare) back-and-forth discussion between two experts, such as tptacek and cperciva. People who want to reply probably won't sit and wait until the reply link is active, and since replying to a different comment than intended is taboo, they're likely to say nothing instead. That's a minor concern though. EDIT: Also, Since I'm going to check out of HN at the end of this YC cycle, If I'm reading this right, does this mean you're going to leave HN entirely? I'm sorry to see that happen, but I understand why you'd need to. For threads that have fallen off the frontpage, drop the required number of endorsements to 1 and let the parent commenter have the option to endorse the child comment regardless of the parent poster's karma. That will let back-and-forth continue in old threads. It sounds like each comment requires multiple endoresements. In order to understand what makes a hash function weak, let's look at what makes one strong. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_hash_function : " The ideal cryptographic hash function has four main properties: (a) it is easy to compute the hash value for any given message (b) it is infeasible to generate a message that has a given hash (c) it is infeasible to modify a message without changing the hash (d) it is infeasible to find two different messages with the same hash. " MD5 fails (b), (c), and (d). One additional problem is due to the length extension attack: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Length_extension_attack For MD5 and SHA-1, given any hash, it's possible to reconstruct the internal state of the hash function. (They're named "hash function," but "hash state machine" is probably a better way to think about it.) For example, MD5("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog").hexdigest() => 9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6 Given 9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6, you can reconstruct the internal state of MD5, allowing you to continue hashing data. For example, you could add " while the cow goes moo:" MD5("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog while the cow goes moo").hexdigest() => ab7e4a96438e33094a7df3d41fa89c47 MD5_FromHash("9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6").append(" while the cow goes moo").hexdigest() => ab7e4a96438e33094a7df3d41fa89c47 Ideally, you'd like to be able to reveal the hash publicly without revealing any details about the internal state of the hash algorithm. (It's my understanding that SHA-3 accomplishes this goal automatically.) Another way to accomplish that goal is to use HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA1. At that point you can prove that you hashed something by prepending a secret key to the data. For example, HMAC_MD5("My 256-bit random secret key", "My message to be hashed").hexdigest() This would yield a hash value that you can reveal publicly, and which no attacker can append any data to. For any given data D, you can verify that you generated the hash value by computing HMAC_MD5("My 256-bit random secret key", D).hexdigest() and comparing it to the other hexdigest. If they're equal, then either some attacker has stolen your private key or you generated the hash. But if you tried this with plain old MD5, then an attacker can easily append data and trick you into thinking you generated it. This is actually all the time I have right now, so someone else please feel free to step in and fill in missing details, such as how to find two different messages which hash to the same MD5 value. It's worth comparing this poll to the one about whether HN should display comment scores: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2595605 Only 38.5% of users were in favor of comment scores being hidden, but it was decidedly a positive change for the site. Sorry, I wasn't very clear. I was saying that in addition to failing (b), (c), and (d), there's also an additional problem with called the length extension attack. Link to the paper: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~tygar/papers/Keyboard_Acoustic_E... It's pretty interesting. It's an algorithm which, given a recording of you typing out several HN comments, can generate an acoustic profile of how you type on your particular keyboard. By assuming that you're typing English, it can infer what words you're typing based on its rough guess, and then it can train itself to recognize keystroke sounds that it previously got wrong. After a few times of doing this, it claims to be accurate enough to recover your passwords from a recording of you typing them in. I hope you'd agree with "Jed McCaleb once controlled the donation address 1EuMa4dhfCK8ikgQ4emB7geSBgWK2cEdBG." While it's unclear precisely how that donation address is related to all of this, I assume that people traced money flowing out of it and into an Mt. Gox cold storage wallet, thus establishing that the person who controlled the donation address was involved with the people who control the cold storage addresses. If so, then it's hard to see how to disagree with "If the Bitstamp address 1PAzo was funded with coins deposited by Jed McCaleb or one of his associates, and simultaneously two Mt. Gox cold storage wallets were depleted, and the chain of withdraws eventually lead from the cold storage wallets to 1PAzo, then it's extremely likely that Jed or an Mt. Gox owner is trading Mt. Gox cold storage coins on Bitstamp." It sounds like you're worried that a chain of transfers doesn't prove ownership. For example, someone could randomly send all their bitcoin to someone else for no reason. But in practice, the only reason to give large amounts of BTC to someone else is either because you're buying something from them, repaying a debt, or you're cooperating with them. Regardless of which of those it turns out to be, the Mt. Gox cold storage wallets are the property of the Mt. Gox customers. Using them to buy something or repay a debt would be fraud. Transferring them to an associate with the intent of laundering them via Bitstamp would also be illegal, of course. I can't think of any other explanations for why the BTC would change ownership except perhaps that they were stolen yet again. But theft can be ruled out if the identity of the Bitstamp account turns out to be a cohort of Mt. Gox. (You mentioned that it could be a mixer, but that can be ruled out in this case because it'd make no sense for Mt. Gox to launder bitcoins and then deposit them into a bistamp account that has someone's real-world identity attached to it. Also, when bitcoins are being mixed using a mixer, it transfers the coins in a pretty distinctive way that indicates a mixer is being used, such as by randomizing the BTC amounts rather than always transferring e.g. 150BTC or 50BTC or some other nice-for-humans value. I assume that if a mixer is being used here, it'd be possible to show that the transfers are behaving in a way consistent with a particular bitcoin mixer implementation.) Since there are no plausible explanations about how the bitcoins might change ownership, why would it be unreasonable to proceed with the assumption that the ownership hasn't changed, unless proven otherwise? That's fine though, because at that point our theory has been proven wrong. So I propose we take the best guess that fits the available evidence and act accordingly. In this case, that action has already been taken: to notify Bitstamp that if the person trading those coins is an associate of Mt. Gox, then there's a high probability that illegal trades are occurring on their servers. This would let them take an action like freezing the account until they can provide an explanation about where the coins came from. (We're slowly turning into Paypal...) analysis that attributed large amounts of the initially mined coins to "Satoshi", when they were in fact core developer Gregory Maxwell's You just reminded me of something cool (but totally offtopic): https://bitslog.wordpress.com/2013/04/17/the-well-deserved-f... Someone recently came up with a previously-unknown technique for mapping out Satoshi's fortune. Anecdotally, I think I remember that incident, but unfortunately I don't remember precisely where I heard it. There have been a lot of very-wrong analyses of the blockchain which have gotten people riled up about one thing or another and then turned out to be bogus. The whole process has sometimes shown unsettling parallels with numerology. It's good that nwh is reminding everyone to try to be as skeptical as possible. It'll be interesting to see whether the evidence turns out to match the story. You're right, I forgot. It's a real concern, and preventing witch hunts from forming should probably be the highest priority. If all you're paying is $40k in loans for your entire higher education, then you got a pretty good deal in today's economy. Do I think college administrations could stand to lay off some people? Sure. Does that mean that those extra employees are the reason I'm saddled with $40k in loans? Hell no. If you don't want to pitch in to fund college educations, then fine, but don't act like the reason students are paying more isn't because of you. The graph http://i.imgur.com/5gYHQK5.png shows that from 2001 to 2012, the revenue per full time student went up by 50% (courses became more expensive), while the state's contribution was reduced by 50% (state is paying less money toward education). So it seems like the data is suggesting that the rising cost of education may be correlated with the state's reduced funding towards education compared to previous years. If so, then the reason students are paying more isn't because of the individual voters or the population in general, but because the way the administrations are allocating the budget. It seems like the money has to come from somewhere, and politicians are choosing to take it away from education, which causes students to be saddled with ever-higher loans. The reason for that is because it's politically a pretty safe maneuver, because there are much fewer students proportional to the total population, which means politicians will lose proportionally less votes than if they tried to pull the money from something else like healthcare. There doesn't seem much to be done except to make sure that you're voting and letting their offices know that your vote is going to whomever can stop the education cuts (if that's the topic which is most important to you). The jail guards usually won't let you have a nice time in prison. If they see that you're enjoying something, they feel it's their job to take it away from you. I wish the dots were scaled by some metric indicating popularity. Such a metric is hard to come up with. Maybe total number of commits. Way awesome though. This is a step in the right direction, but unfortunately any exchange can die at any time due to massive theft. An exchange is fine till it isn't, and customers will always end up screwed. I've been trying to think of solutions to this, but the best I've thought of so far is some kind of insurance, which is currently cost prohibitive. It's an interesting question whether to ask about "laws" or "theories" in this context, because if I ask about "theories inconsistent with one another" then there are probably hundreds of answers, but none of them are interesting because most theories are wrong. I was hoping to find examples of theories that are (a) popular, (b) haven't been proven wrong for at least several years. If there are contradictions between those and other, more established laws, then that's interesting. I was hoping this submission might attract at least one upvote so that it appears on the 'ask' page and some of HN's fine physicists might see it. FYI your text is cut off: http://imgur.com/hyhwJLr (Mobile users get it even worse.) The reason it's bad to do it at all is because you're destroying user faith. I get that companies need insight about how users use their products. This is not an instance of that, because companies definitely don't need insight about which websites are visited. Are you sure you want to? What I mean is, are you sure you want to become a salesman rather than a web developer? If you're worried about certain governments MITMing you, the answer is that it's hopeless to rely on SSL to provide protection. I don't know a good recommendation. I just wanted to clarify that SSL provides no protection in that particular case. I'd like to pick your brain some more, but I don't have any specific questions at this point. Would you mind continuing to talk more about this space? It's something I'm very interested in, so if you can think of more than those 4 (excellent) points then that would be very helpful. Thank you! EDIT: That goes for everyone else reading this too, of course. If you have any experience or thoughts in this area, please chime in. Just to clarify, I think using some reliable and trustworthy SSL cert vendor is the way to go. It just won't protect you from the aforementioned parties. Nothing will at this point. SSL protects you and your users from many other attack vectors, and is important. It wasn't my intention to argue against SSL, just to point out the truth of our modern day situation. Firefox share continues to decline, and this promotion may prevent Mozilla from acquiring top talent. Talent goes where talent feels like going, and if they feel it's unethical to work for someone, then it's easy to see why this may turn out badly. By the way, who was in charge of deciding whether to promote him to CEO? Please don't store most of your bitcoin in Coinbase. If Coinbase ever goes under, you'll lose all your bitcoin. It sucks when someone else loses your bitcoin for you. What's a halo product? New benchmarking scheme: "Entire available computing power on the planet in year XXXX" Awesome. It's insanely different from having your money in banks. A bank is backed by the government. If a bank goes under, you still get your money. If Coinbase goes under, you get nothing or very little. Funds from Coinbase should be evacuated to your own secure cold storage wallet immediately after you purchase them. You should never hold a balance higher than 0BTC for any length of time on Coinbase. Follow this advice and you'll have your money forever. Don't follow it and you'll lose your money the moment Coinbase suffers any serious theft, a technical disaster, a rogue employee, or the founder steals coins. (I speak from experience, having lost a massive amount of money when Mt. Gox went under for one of the above reasons, which I probably won't get back.) That's not true. If I had kept my funds in a secure cold storage wallet, I'd still have them. There are plenty of techniques for keeping your coins safe. Just find one and use it. I've heard Armory is pretty good. Coinbase is far more dangerous in comparison, because they can go under at any time for any reason. Human greed is a thing. Always remember that Coinbase has to rely on some employees to implement their systems, and those same employees can write some code to steal money from their systems. Sorry, you're right, I didn't provide enough detail. If the average user can figure out how to use bitcoin, then they can figure out how to use Armory. Most people have an old laptop or computer that they can afford to keep disconnected from the internet. If it's not connected to the internet, then it's not susceptible to hacks. It also offers a way of doing secure backups, so that if your computer is lost in a house fire, you'll still have your coins. Even if they don't have an old computer, spending $100 on one off of Ebay or whatever is possibly the best insurance payment they could make, because it's just a matter of time until any bitcoin exchange dies. Not only do you have yourself to worry about, but if you have children then you'll want them to inherit your wealth. Hard to do if your wealth vanishes because your preferred exchange went under. I'm happy Oculus got my money for the original devkit, and I spent several hours enjoying it. As far as kickstarter, it's hard to fault them. I'm guessing the reason they sold was simple: The owner wanted the money. Palmer could have made far more money by waiting. Maybe he was tired of Oculus. The thing about the future is that it has a funny way of proving you wrong. I think the vision outlined above is entirely possible. An integrated microphone with surround sound headphones was going to change gamedev forever. Who knows how that would bleed into other types of scenarios than gaming? I'd watch a movie with someone using an Oculus. It'd be a fun experience. Heh, from Carmack's twitter 1m ago: https://twitter.com/ID_AA_Carmack/status/448629403740692481 For the record, I am coding right now, just like I was last week. I expect the FB deal will avoid several embarrassing scaling crisis for VR. Glad to see Carmack is still being Carmack. EDIT: By the way, if anyone is wondering why people are having a negative reaction to this Facebook deal, I think one way to understand it is to watch this video fullscreen and try to imagine any way that Facebook could add to the experience, or at least not detract from it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DGZc0Dd9Hc#t=5s It's hard to. Notch didn't say Facebook acquiring Oculus was creepy. Notch said Facebook is creepy. Besides tighter integration with Facebook, what has changed in Instagram since it was acquired by Facebook? Nothing. You just pointed out exactly what changed with Instagram, and what everyone is afraid of changing with the Oculus. "Log in to your Facebook account to continue playing." I don't think that's true. There is no scaling involved with virtual reality except the hardware, because the hardware enables the platform. "Virtual reality" isn't a single application, it's a bunch of applications created by developers. If Oculus's plan all along was to create a giant MMO powered by Rift headsets, then this is the first I've heard of it. Interesting. I think a bunch of smaller apps created by developers has a better chance of being successful. EDIT: By "giant MMO" I mean "metaverse from Snowcrash," not "video game." May I ask, what happened with TotalBiscuit? After thinking about this some more, I think it's going to come down to: "Can they make their Metaverse cool?" Zuck probably has some tricks up his sleeve to accomplish this goal. And he's been able to learn from G+ about how not to go about it. Whether the Metaverse is cool will make or break its popularity. It's what made Facebook's. The coming years are going to be pretty interesting. Wow. I wish I could give you ten upvotes for raising awareness about this. This is probably worth submitting to HN directly (go for it) because it's both newsworthy in gamedev circles and will help people in a similar situation come up with ideas to cope with the stress. Thank you! It's always better to have more people reviewing the security of an application, even if they seem like a whiny newbie. I don't know... Mistakes happen. There seems to be little to gain from faulting SendGrid, but faulting SendGrid would force them to take some kind of action such as terminating the rep. I think I'd prefer the rep remain employed, because I trust they'd never make this mistake again. Also, now all the other reps know to avoid it. EDIT: May I ask what can be gained from faulting SendGrid in this case? tl;dr The entire community is acting like a bunch of idiots, stop it, you're embarrassing yourselves and showing your business management ignorance. Calling anyone who disagrees with you an idiot and an embarrassment isn't good. The central issue is that when Facebook begins to lose relevance, Zuck is going to yank the reins on Oculus as hard as possible to ensure Facebook stays relevant. You can see how Google did this with G+/YouTube integration. VR is in its nascent stages, and Oculus has been synonymous with VR. Now instead of VR having a strong an independent company with Carmack near the helm, "VR" is a subservient division of Facebook. Whether that turns out to be a good thing, well, time will tell. But to call people "ignorant idiots" for being worried is a little extreme, to say the least. EDIT: You're also mistaken about this part (as I was): also based on these comments people think Oculus offers software... they don't, you don't play an Oculus VR MMORPG... they provide hardware and an SDK, everything else is up to content producers, the scaling crisis would be purely one of hardware manufacturing and distribution and maintaining a very widely used SDK The scaling crisis is software, not hardware. They appear to be planning some kind of Oculus VR MMO based on Carmack's tweets. See here for details: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7471231 What's there to say? This is yet another piece of evidence that Mt. Gox was grossly incompetent. Unfortunately, it's very difficult to prove whether or not there was any criminal fraud involved. If there was, and it could be proven, then at least justice could be served. If there wasn't any fraud, and that could be proven, then at least it could be shown that Karpeles was just a bad businessman, not a fraudster, and his name could be cleared. This limbo leaves so many questions unanswered that it's hard to know if we're ever going to find out what truly happened. Mt. Gox recently claimed they found 200,000 BTC that they'd lost track of. If their claim can be taken at face value, then I think it's plausible they may have panicked back when their losses first became clear to them in February, leading them to blame it on malleability even though they didn't really have a clue where their money went or why. They probably felt they had to tell people something , and saying "we lost track of >750,000 BTC for unknown reasons" may have been less desirable than blaming their problems on something tangible, like transaction malleability. Unfortunately for them, it turns out that they were wrong about that. So here we are. All that's been demonstrated is that consumers currently have very little protection in this space, and that patio11 and others were right to warn people to be very careful with bitcoin. It's a beautiful piece of art. More info: http://datatelling.com/projects/onehumanheartbeat/ There have been like 13 exchanges that have died and taken customers' funds with them, not just Mt. Gox. The problem, which I can't figure out a way to solve, is that any exchange can die at any time due to massive theft or failure. When this happens, customers will lose all of their funds. People have mentioned m-of-n transactions as one possible solution, which means that the customer and the exchange both have to approve of any transaction involving the customer's funds. But this may preclude realtime trading, which is usually one of the main purposes of an exchange. It's a tough problem, and there may be a solution. I'm continuing to think about it. Someone brought up that Bitalo isn't really an exchange, but an OTC marketplace, and that fraud is possible. A fraudster in the US can reverse the bank payment in a Bitalo transaction up to 6 months after the BTC has been released from escrow: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7432635 You should probably specify that Bitalo is perfect for non-US customers. Unfortunately, Mt. Gox's accounting appears to be nonexistent. For example, they recently revealed that they found 200,000 of the missing bitcoin. I could be wrong, but I don't think anyone analyzing the blockchain had a clue that those particular 200,000 bitcoin were still under Mt. Gox control, let alone traced where any other bitcoin went. I don't know why people are saying that Mt. Gox may be under a gag order. They're based in Japan, so an American gag order seems like it's not applicable. And while the US did seize some millions of theirs from US banks, their bitcoin cold storage wallets were probably based in Japan, not the US, so there's no way the US could seize them. And even if they did seize them, there's no evidence at all suggesting that they could compel Mt. Gox to remain silent about it. Mt. Gox absolutely could have stolen the bitcoin themselves. It's still one of the more likely scenarios.