Well, at the risk of providing a not very detailed answer: it's better, in my subjective opinion. Better at code introspection, better at refactorings, better at debugging. Also, I prefer the UI. Of course, you're the final arbiter of these things for yourself, so give it a short. > Allowing unrestricted Internet access. On the contrary - filtering my internet indicates that you don't consider me capable of self-regulation... I prefer being treated like a responsible adult - responsible for my great code or my slacking off, whichever I choose. I greatly value this level of respect from employers. > I realize Linux in 2013 is not so dangerous, but take a gander at recent java security bulletins when you get a chance anyway. Off the top of my head, all of the recent serious vulnerabilities were applet related. The JRE doesn't require a Java plugin for your browser, no plugin, no applets. > That can get occasionally annoying, if you drop in a a bunch of 1mb text files in your repository and it insists of examining them. You can right click the directory and mark it as excluded from the project. We have an integration test suite that likes to emit gigabytes of XML into its local directory - which IDEA happily tries to index. Excluding it saves me a lot of CPU time. > It should take a lot more than an compromised web server to gain long-term access to data feeds from LexisNexus and D&B. Especially as Dun & Bradstreet operate as a credit bureau (in my country at least). And there's also gitosis, which IIRC is considered superceded by gitolite, but it's still working well for us. > the subtle differences between fetch and pull While I agree with some of your criticisms, as the resident 'Git guy', I've found no difficulty in explaining to people that pull is a convenience alias for 'fetch followed by merge'. Git's learning curve is far worse than Python's, simply due to the limitations of its abstractions - e.g., a branch isn't really a first class entity in Git, yet most people using the centralized server model for Git will tend to think about their daily Git work in terms of branches. The problem only manifests when you're trying to do things like "show me only commits from branch ". Or, "show me when branch was created from master." Yep, that's true. I think I've nearly taught our testers the difference. :D > How I'm going to suddenly become more employable than someone with years of experience. Haven't quite figured this one out. Well, you'll be asking for lower salaries than them for a few years, so that'll help. :D > that 99 out of 100 times you are told - explicitly or by work schedule "do not do it in an interesting, performant or elegant way, just get it working somehow and move on" Sure, we're in businesses (well, most of us), and there's little room for gilding the lilly or perfectionists who can't deliver. That said, I've always found that elegant code is easier to maintain, thus reducing technical debt. If your employer doesn't want to reduce technical debt, you're either working for a start-up that's in a mad rush to 1.0, or you're working for someone who doesn't understand or care about the interest you pay on technical debt, and it may be time to move on. > I don't think I ever caught myself writing code for my employer and thinking "hey, I really enjoy this" Poor guy. I write stuff I enjoy for my employer all the time. Our fridge has free beer and cola, so best of both worlds. Teach me your one crazy discovery that makes doctors hate you. I'll also say Java - Scala's possible, but slow and fiddly (last time I tried it, you had to tree-shake the app using Proguard because the Scala stdlib has a real hard time fitting into Dalvik's hardcoded limitations of 65K ish symbols). Kotlin is a doddle to get working, but it's alpha as hell, so only use for experiments. Yep, our Maven project routinely fails to build on Windows as there are some paths which are just too long. > However knowledge of pointers, lists and b-trees have been very helpful multiple times throughout my career. Indeed. And such glorious moments they are when choosing the right data structure drastically improves performance. However, if I were interviewing for a Rails developer position, the last thing I'd anticipate having to bone up on is algorithms and data-structures. I'd be expecting to be asked about... well, doing stuff in Ruby on Rails. Thank God you know how to implement a linked list though, shopping carts are filled with linked lists. > Java is a piece of crap when it comes to anything that's actually complex. Define complex? Anecdotal, but I noticed a distinct drop-off in my local user groups, Java and .NET, when Stackoverflow started getting popular. > Yes, globalization has serious downsides – but only because it happens with nations still existing So... A) What do you propose in lieu of nations B) How does your proposal in (A) fix the issue of disparate living costs across the globe? It costs less to hire an Indian developer than it does to hire an Australian developer than it does to hire a German developer. When we abolish nations, how will this be resolved? > Jagged, unfiled nails are viewed by women (accurately) as a major sign of sexual inexperience/ineptitude... Holy sweeping generalisation Batman. However, as I'm not even one woman, let alone all women, I won't speak on their behalf. > Jobs can easily head towards the cheapest, least regulated economy, but workers are prevented both legally and economically from moving towards the places with the best working conditions. Ah, the ideal of perfect labour mobility. Even if we did remove the legal and economic restrictions, we still can't achieve perfect labour mobility without breaking down a person's social ties to family, friends and community. Although some neoliberals have put a lot of effort into doing so. > And when workers in these countries do manage to achieve a modest increase in working conditions and therefore wages, the employers can simply pack up shop and head to the next cheap market. It's true, just as "Made in Japan" and "Made in Taiwan" were once considered how "Made in China" is today. And now we see the rising wages in China triggering manufacturers moving to Indonesia and the Philippines. In this regard at least, the globalisation of manufacturing is a force for good. I presume that they'll run out of countries to move to eventually. I was wondering if he was a New Zealander, in Canterbury we have a very characterful foehn wind we call the nor'wester. Its associated arch of cloud is called the nor'west arch. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor'west_arch We're not exactly imaginative with names around here. The more pernicious senior engineer is one who can code their way out of a box in an interview, but cannot deliver working code in a production environment due to various reasons - perfectionism seems to be a common thread to not delivering in my (limited) experience. Do you have any pointers on weeding these candidates out? Our country's employment laws make it hard to fire net negative producing programmers. "Best programmers" and "people who contribute effectively to a team's culture" can sometimes be exclusive sets. One of the most intelligent and creative programmers I know is an arrogant douchebag who demoralises entire teams. He's very effective on his own, but stick him in a scrum team, and watch the culture of that team sour and watch its productivity drop. And if your team culture is "let's be interesting creative people with zany hairstyles and really unusual hobbies" (not my team, but I sit beside them), then someone who is passionate mainly about checked exceptions is probably going to be a bad fit. I used the arrogant douchebag as an example of why a great programmer who doesn't fit a team's culture is going to drag down the productivity of that team - how they don't fit that culture can obviously vary. > If Indonesia uses thermal power then using the electricity generated from it has little negative environmental impact. Thermal as in burning fossil fuels, not geothermal. Fair enough, each team's dynamics are different. > whales fly into the air unnoticed Is this the origin of the Twitter fail-whale? PHPStorm is more focused and coherent and includes some features that IDEA + PHP plugin doesn't, IMO. If I were a full-time PHP developer, I'd use PHPStorm, but for my occasional PHP needs, IDEA + PHP plugin is ideal. PyCharm is much the same - for full-time Python development, I'd prefer it to IDEA + plugin. Just to reiterate myself - IMO, PHPStorm, PyCharm etc. are slightly more featureful and more coherent for their respective languages than IDEA + plugin. Did you file a bug for it? Precisely. When I was trying to get into the developer game (I'm self-taught with no degree so couldn't follow the normal progression) the biggest market in my hometown was (and still is) for .NET developers. So, I joined a .NET user group, I installed VS, I started learning. Problem was, MS was churning out the "next great thing" faster than I could learn the last great thing. While I was getting my head around WinForms, WPF came out. I started using WPF, then Silverlight arrived, which was like WPF, just a subset of it, and therefore different enough to be problematic. But that wasn't too bad. It was the 'blessed' data layer stuff that threw me. When I started it was DataSets etc. Then it was LINQ-to-SQL, then it was very much not LINQ-to-SQL, but instead was Entity Framework. As a newbie who was trying to make myself marketable, it felt like a bit of a hamster wheel, but then through the user group, I met .NET pros who felt exactly the same way. And at the end of the day, the greatest irony was that when I finally broke into the market, it was a Java-based developer role on the basis of my JavaScript. So all my years of frantically spinning the .NET wheel was for naught. I still do love F# though. In hindsight, the thing that strikes me about .NET development is that most businesses using it really want the whole stack to be from one provider whom they trust - and as a result, third party alternatives never really get a look-in if an MS or MS blessed technology such as JSON.net ( http://james.newtonking.com/json ) can do the same job. That is a massive sweeping generalisation of course, and only applicable to the limits of my experience in a small city in a small country. > Are you certain that the general programming knowledge you acquired through "spinning the wheel" wasn't a factor? I never stopped (and never do stop) learning as much as I could, and I apologise if I gave the impression I was only learning .NET stuff. I was primarily coding in Python, but got into JS to write stealth code to automate a horrendously manual part of my day job in a government contact centre. To clarify for you on the hire, I was hired for the JS, but expected to learn Java pretty quickly. > Adaptability is an important skill for developers. For sure. > Meanwhile I learned how to use an OSS lamp stack and have been happily using it for the last 10 years. Very stable and reliable, I could not be happier. I find that Java's biggest problem (stability/stagnation depending on who you ask) is also the JVM development ecosystem's benefit. There's not one body driving adoption of technologies by deciding what's supported and what's not, so technology choice is less dictated by economic imperatives. Probably unicode support reasons, they're obviously going for a slashed zero to look old school and/or avoid being called OhMQ but... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slashed_zero#Representation_in_... Way to dump your own depressive tendencies on a 15 year old. Jesus. Ignorance? Oh my. Unfortunately, I satisfy your criteria required for understanding suicide, so I vehemently disagree with your assertion that "Suicide is a very rational reaction to life." Especially when we're discussing teenagers, who haven't even lived one fifth of their expected lifespan. Did you miss the last line? > While it may seem obvious that something is wrong, these issues went unnoticed by a veteran photographer, the Associate Press, and every news outlet that ran the photo. If they are not noticing details like this, then what other forms of media hacking are they not noticing? He concludes 1) It's fake 2) He's smarter than everyone else. It went far beyond "offers some possibilities" way into "making wild assumptions on the basis of a single photo" territory. Oh wow, same guy? That's a pretty conclusive debunking of his claims... If you only check replies to your comments, it is. > What's really sick is the personality cult around this creep Yeah, I just had a look at his Twitter, there's a lot of girls sending him naked pictures and telling him how much they love him, and a bunch of sycophants avidly defending him (in a highly misogynistic manner, natürlich). > No, actually, fuck YOU. Why so angry mate? Cheers for a great synopsis that I intend to inflict upon my coworkers at the first available opportunity. :D > 2) lots of homeless people > 3) urine smell every where As a recent visitor to your city, the large number of people sleeping rough was a shock. I am from a small social-liberal democracy though, so we typically have less homelessness in general, but yeah, it was confronting. Down by the ferry terminal (on the Embarcadero I think?) there was two homeless people sleeping under a tarpaulin at the base of a flagpole proudly bearing the American flag. The juxtaposition was so ironic that I wonder if they were part-time performance artists when they weren't sleeping outdoors. How do Americans reconcile the homeless to their place as the wealthiest nation? > Limousine NIMBY Leftism Are you able to elaborate on this one? Cheers mate, that explains it. I was struggling to reconcile the Bay Area's famed leftie tendencies with the realities of inequality on the ground. > Using null instead of None means you are more at risk of hitting a NPE. I think he's aware of that - he said he's using Scala as a better Java, what would Java be without the odd NPE? Yeah, I had hopes for Kotlin, but so far they've dropped pattern matching. Still, it's more likely to gain traction as a 'better than Java, but not _too_ much more powerful' language, IMO. For example, methods (and extension methods) can still be used as operators, but have to be valid Java names, so no methods called I saw "The Internship." Me too, as such, you have my sympathies. I don't disagree with your point, I just hope working for Google isn't as humourless as portrayed in the film. > Every european country has own laws, culture and language. You're completely disregarding the EEC and European Parliament. As an aside on language, while on the train to Brussels from Köln, I was chatting with some Young Greens who were en route to a pan-European Green conference. One was from Serbia, one from Germany and one from France, and we were all speaking in English, it tends to function as a lingua franca, so language has never been a barrier for me yet. The multilingual capacity of Europeans really puts me to shame, my German barely goes past "I would like a beer" and "I would like a coffee". But yes, they have different languages, so i18n is a thing you have to pay attention to, and yes, they have different cultures and markets, so how you sell and engage people can differ. But you can recruit a small cadre of local sales experts to do your sales - a sister company of ours develops in the Czech Republic and sells in Poland, Romania and Turkey. The European market is hardly as balkanized as you make out. If what you say was true, then iPhones would have presumably never impacted in Europe - after all, every european country has own laws, culture and language. Serious question - can you short sell bitcoin? Is it possible for someone with large amounts of currency to do what Soros did to England / Thailand? If you want an easy entry into Germany as skilled worker, for example, you need to hold a 4 year degree in an appropriate field. Definitely agree. When I saw this: > A larger firm is more efficient (that's why almost everything is made by large firms) which makes employees of these firms more productive. This may be counterintuitive, but it's right ...I got a tad ragey. Everything is made by large firms because capitalism is predicated upon, well, capital, and the larger you are, the more you can grow. Mergers and acquisitions are the sound of that growth. The next issue I have with that statement is this - define efficient. The local branch of HP tenders for government websites, and then it charges the government $4000 to change text in a hyperlink. Is it more efficient at generating revenue than a small PHP firm? Yes. Is it helping the client make a more efficient use of their IT spend than a small PHP firm? Hell no. Former employees of large dev shops who work with me tell me about the time they wasted in being forced to argue with clients about whether or not bugs were actually bugs, because bugs weren't billable but feature requests were. Apparently, this is more productive. Having escaped from a public sector bureaucracy to a small start-up which is now at the 30-person size, claiming that a large private sector bureaucracy is more efficient and makes individuals within it more productive is most extraordinary. Incidentally, the only real difference between a public sector bureaucracy and a private sector bureaucracy is that the latter gives its middle managers bigger bonuses. That implies that 50% of startups have a negative impact, how would you define one? Yeah, precisely. Java's anonymous classes can also act as a (large and bulky) closure, although as you have to declare local variables used by the anonymous class as final, the capacity to close over mutable state is limited to instance fields or mutable objects. > that's why F# has two generics systems in the same language. For real? Do you have any reading I can do on this? It sounds... interesting > Why so smug? Yeah, the alpha geek passive-aggression is a tiresome aspect of our industry. Usually that smug self-assuredness is worn down by harsh experience, but heaven help you if you meet a 40 year old alpha geek who has not yet learned that they too can be wrong. (I work with one, and he makes some shocking mistakes but cannot admit it, so when he launches at you with a holier-than-thou attitude, scorn and contempt are all that arise). > What happened to good grace and manners Exactly. When you're totally right and someone's totally wrong, if you want to effect actual change (assuming that doing so requires their coöperation), grace is precisely what's required. You can have all the technical correctness in the world behind you, but the moment you put someone's back up with your poor attitude, the chance of them rationally engaging with your argument drops dramatically. I've had this argument before with some people on Reddit, and I received the retort "But who cares if I was rude, _they_ were wrong, I was telling them how to fix it!" ad perpetuam from one particular person who was astounded that no-one took his advice. > At least with EuroStar from London to Brussels Yeah, true, but in my (admittedly limited experience of international travel), it was very painless compared to airports simply due to having more staff available. I particularly enjoyed the German Rail Pass when I was there recently. Something like 240€ got me 3 days of unlimited travel within a month on the ICE trains (and S-Bahn) around Germany and to Brussels, which worked out fantastic for my travel plans - from Frankfurt to Hamburg, Hamburg to Brussels, and then Brussels to München. Worked out a lot cheaper than flying and the time cost was about comparable. Mostly it was far more comfortable too - apart from the bit where I caught the train from Köln to Brussels at the end of the weekend and ended up sitting on my bags by the toilets because it was so crammed. If you can afford it, AWS is nice, especially with the ability to spin up capacity only when you need it, which can make the economics work in your favour. If you're not sure if you can afford it, then stay off it. It's easy, but that convenience doesn't come cheap. > it’s not uncommon for us to encounter 30-50% time spent in GC Hmm... not sure if that's just C#, or if I should start profiling my Java apps a lot more closely. Try Intellij IDEA with Java and the various Java frameworks - IDEA is Jetbrains' (developers of Resharper) flagship IDE, they also do slightly more focused variants for Python, Ruby, PHP, and web development (PyCharm, RubyMine, PHPStorm, and WebStorm respectively.) > Who knows how finely tuned these projects were or what their load was like before a rewrite. A rewrite in a new language gives you more benefits than just the new language , it also gives you the benefit of hindsight. The ability to fix mistakes made in the first implementation can go a long way. That's a very good point with these rewrite stories - you could happen to rewrite some really poor code while porting and boom! Language Y is 50% more performant! What are we looking at in your screenshot? I've been Where's-Waldoing it for the word 'destroy' but can't find it. Boo to the editorializing in the submission description. Bullying? For trying to enforce a trademark? Come now, I know software patents can be absurd in the US of A, but trademarks are a different kettle of fish, so don't throw the baby away with the bath water. To the validity of the claim, I don't know how American trademark classifications break down, but it seems that "You Rather" is in a similar class of commercial activity as "Would You Rather...?" if I read this correctly: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&state=4803:l4gavd... In particular, class 41: > IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: (Based on Use in Commerce) Entertainment services, namely, a multimedia program series featuring comedy, action and adventure distributed via various platforms across multiple forms of transmission media; Production of cable television programs. FIRST USE: 20111203. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20111203 IANAL, but my gut feeling is that "You Rather" is pretty close to infringing, and that their best hope lies in their second claim that "Would You Rather...?" is a generic term. > Now, I'm unsure of American trademark law, but I understand it's a "use it or lose it" styled setup. Correct? Well, they took four years to challenge them, if it went to court, and subpoenaed information shows that they knew about yourather.com for years, would that work against them? It can do. I imagine it'd also affect any damages awarded. > Personal income taxes are about 50% in the US. I'm not American, but every time I look at taxation levels, I come out with a number significantly smaller than that. I presume that America uses progressive taxation, so at what income level does personal income + payroll tax equate to 50% of gross? That FICA number is high, at least according to Wikipedia. > Under the SE Tax Act, self-employed people are responsible for the entire percentage of 15.3% (= 12.4% [Soc. Sec.] + 2.9% [Medicare]); however, the 15.3% multiplier is applied to 92.35% of the business's net earnings from self-employment, rather than 100% of the gross earnings; the difference, 7.65%, is half of the 15.3%, and makes the calculation fair in comparison to that of regular (non-self-employed) employees. The rest of your figures aren't really what I'd consider personal income taxation, although they're definitely interesting. Also interesting is that married people in the US of A experience a tax advantage when filing jointly - not so our tax code, it's very theoretically pure. > First, the TSA itself has admitted that there is no evidence of terrorist plots against aviation in the US That's funny, because I got searched more thoroughly leaving the USA than when I was flying to the USA. > Tax-wise, the US is among the worst places to be self-employed. Singapore's a bit of an outlier - the government owns one of the busiest ports in the world, thus requires less income from tax compared to others. If you compare the US to other Western democracies, how does it fare? > It's not quite that simple. That could be the catchphrase for the entire US tax code. :D > I'd say that sales tax is personal Does US sales tax apply to purchases by a business? What about pair programming in lieu of code review? Still a red flag? > Java did win the war... ...You could argue that Ruby has overtaken it For what? A specific niche of web applications? XPCOM is... yeah, it's pretty bad. Writing a Firefox plugin vs. writing a Chrome plugin is darkness vs. light. > GVR himself has acknowledged everything I said I hate to be picky, but he only acknowledged portions of what you said. > but a couple decorators held this one back. @classmethod and @staticmethod are somewhat important language features to not break. Someone took the Godfather to heart. > And strings aren't? Not sure how explicit self breaks strings? You've lost me on the way I'm afraid. If we're quoting Reddit comments at each other: > You may be used to a different kind of magic. Perhaps the magic of a variable called this appearing inside your method, or the magic in which an un-prefixed variable name somevar is sometimes a local but at other times a member variable this.somevar. So it may take a little time to get used to Python's style, but isn't it only because you are used to the other magic? Explicit self is hardly a burden after about 10 minutes of learning Python, and there's really little objective argument to be made in favour of or against it as opposed to everything else. You quoted JavaScript as 'not needing it' before, and dear God, JS is the worst of all languages to reference, given how the this keyword is a calling context, which every man and his framework takes liberties with. How much code did the new strings break, exactly? What code it may have broken most likely benefits from the new unicode treatment, it was the worst thing about Python strings. Removing self would be a far more massive change - it wouldn't just impact certain strings, it would impact every Python class. > I believe you are incorrect that it is disabled by default No, it is disabled by default, I go through a few Macs and turning on right click (and inverting that 'natural scroll') is the first thing I do. > It's much higher than it is or other races. When you dig into the data, it usually turns out that stereotypes exist for a reason You'll find blacks and latinos are overrepresented in all negative socioeconomic indicators. But I'm sure that they're all deliberately choosing to have die younger and spend more time in prison. Okay, so poorly researched stories and confirmation bias aside, did the author mean to imply that China's air pollution issues are more about belief than fact? My wife would like to live in China, but every time we look at the PM25 / PM10 for the cities where I can easily get work, it looks genuinely life-threatening - I'm an asthmatic. I'm cringing currently. It seems funny now, but in ten years, it'll be as funny as a Java class file's header being 0xCAFEBABE is. It also assigns them an infantile quality. > but you need to be explicit about everything, which doesn't really work in an agile development cycle made of tight feedback loops. We're a scrum team based in Oceania working for a German firm, and we have had similar issues which we've resolved by usage of proxy product owners and regular backlog groomings. It'd doable, but it takes some investment in relationships and knowledge. I'd wager nearly all Java developers run their applications in their own JVMs, far far away from the sweaty mitts of client-side JREs. > That's why I will never take the language (or the JVM languages) seriously Seriously dude? > So we should rob these people of one of the ways By working for free, they're lowering the wages of everyone else in the software development field. Who is robbing who exactly? > So yes, I enjoyed programming in Java, and being relieved of the responsibility for producing a quality product. It was pleasant to not have to worry about whether I was doing a good job, or whether I might be writing something hard to understand or to maintain. The code was ridiculously verbose, of course, but that was not my fault. It was all out of my hands. Yes, that's it, blame the language when you write poor quality software. If only I'd used language X instead of language Y, my code would've been easy to read, well-architected and thoroughly tested. ...and if language X in this instance is supposed to be Perl.... come on. It has built-in functions that change behaviour depending on whether or not you're assigning them to something. > If the wages are lower across the industry, it means consumers get lower prices. You're totally ignoring the consumer side of the equation. You're totally ignoring the most probable outcome - reductions in costs lead to higher dividends paid to shareholders. Consumers continue paying the same price. > where they talk about "core hours", the importance of "having fun during those 8 hours a day" and being "a part of the team in-house" it all feels like they're stuck in an industrial age mindset. There's a reason for it. People communicate best in person. No amount of technology can totally replicate face to face communication. And many would argue that communication is essential for high performance teams. I certainly do. > Are you sure that robbing is the word you are looking for? Your choice of word, mate, not mine. If you want to talk about entitlement, lead on. Free labour will always out-compete paid labour, and the more free labour in the market, the lower wages get, so the point I raise is valid - they gain their experience at the overall expense of the rest of the developer community. In general, usage of unpaid interns damages the social contract between employer and employee - fair wages for fair work. Look at what has happened in other industries where wages have been driven down - America's regional airline pilots are paid ludicrously low wages despite the rather important role they have, with flow-on effects that speculatively affect safety. I have a feeling I've struck the libertarians of HN, in which case, this discussion is probably for naught. > Right now, AI controls airplanes, stock markets, information searches, surveillance programs, and more ...are they correct? I can't really imagine anyone sticking existing AI implementations in aircraft. Or do they have a looser definition of AI? When an imbalance of power exists in a relationship ( cf employer - employee), no free decisions exist. Now, employer - union, maybe. If these guys are working for free, then your argument is predicated on a falsehood. I use plenty of Java APIs. It's a vast ecosystem of code, generalising across all Java libraries ever is silly. Yeah, my team has inherited similar code from one particular Boy Wonder. One example was a service that imported JSON from third parties - it was unit tested, but the architecture was so poorly testable that it had mocked dependencies three levels deep. We also picked up a home-rolled reporting tool that was an instant injection of significant technical debt. > You can spot these developers by a complex class hierarchy that does absolutely nothing Oh yes, most definitely. Why have one class when you can have three classes that provide the same functionality? Technical debt can be a very real issue though. I always strive to highlight the 'interest' we are paying on our technical debt to our product owners, so that they understand what deferring necessary work is costing them. > Are you suggesting that's a bad thing? Yes. Your example doesn't apply. In both instances a[2] is a reference to a position in an array. I was referring specifically to context-aware functions in Perl, for example, keys called in a list context returns the keys, in a scalar context, the number of keys, in a void context, it resets an internal iterator. This is terrible, it's like Perl decided that the principle of least surprise was too boring. > The only problem is that you end up with a variable that fails to describe itself better than “I’m a number”. Our application servers need to know about updated entities, so we broadcast notifications when an entity has been updated - but we prefer to leave it up to the individual applications to retrieve the updated entity as they see fit. So we're often dealing with numerical ids of entities, and we've had a few bugs arise from code like so public void something(long accountId, long websiteId) When people have accidentally used the wrong long in the wrong place. So we've now moved to using simple wrapper types around aforementioned longs - public void something(AccountId accountId, WebsiteId websiteId) It does come at a little bit of cost as we're passing these things around a messaging system, so now we have to think about how they are serialized (Java serialization is problematic, and there are occasional religious wars about GPB vs. JSON), but it leverages the type system to make it every explicit what this number represents. F# has similar also: http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/F_Sharp_Programming/Units_of_Me... > You make plans for the child and are excited to meet the person they will become. It's a miscarriage. You often interact with children in utero before they are born. Also, at about 4 - 5 months (it'll vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction) a miscarriage becomes a stillbirth and requires a birth and death certificate. And while I have not lost a child at 3/6/12/24, I have lost a child at 6 months into a pregnancy, and it was quite probably the worst experience of my life - worse than my experiences during this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Christchurch_earthquake - and I was trying to dig crushed people out from underneath rubble. Births are (these days anyway), normally a joyous event wherein a new life comes into the world. A stillbirth is the polar opposite - especially if the baby died sometime before the birth was induced. Which version? I've found I get less and less pauses with each new version of IDEA. Currently the only blocking pauses I get now are when I change branches and my Maven POMs change underneath IDEA and it has to recalculate what modules belong in my project. > I'm a scientist, not a programmer (although I mainly program). I guess it comes down to a good employer. My employer takes the view that a) give people the tools they need and b) developer time is expensive, computers are cheap in comparison. AFAIK PyCharm comes with stuff (like Django support) that the Python plugin doesn't have. I doubt it. > The mac version looks OK in screenshots but feels foreign when you use it I use it daily on OS X and it doesn't feel foreign to me, but then I usually hate most of OS X's shipped interfaces anyway (my calendar is still pretending to be made out of leather), so perhaps I'm a poor judge of fit. The person you replied to wasn't specifying that he valued Ian Bicking's humility in that specific blog post, but his general demeanour within the Python community. > I would argue that it is not as flexible as Ruby or Clojure for building DSLs. I've never met a DSL that was better than a well designed API. They all start leaking at some point. Haha, fair call. > Microsoft did not seal it because sometimes you might want to create a class that has a friendlier name I expect multiple-language support may have been a stumbling block here but compromising your API (instead of sealing the class, document it as "you shouldn't subclass this") for something that could be done with type aliasing seems like a really bad trade-off. Is the C# using keyword a johnny come lately, or would it not support this functionality? A lot of buzzwords, but little actual information. How fast is it? Is it equally fast for both OLTP and OLAP style work? It seems to be optimising to remove the ETL step of transactional - analytical data migration, but you still need the analytical speed. At the risk of sounding dumb, aren't we still limited to 65,534 ports on an interface? Cheers for the info! I guess that's where I got the wrong idea from - attempting to stress test one machine from another machine, I'd always hit that limit, but now I understand why. Pointing at America doesn't lessen the issues in India though. It's like me saying that homelessness in my country isn't a problem because there's way more homeless people in the US of A. How accessible is the book to a layman? > OCaml/F#/Scala have far better type systems that check a lot more things, and require less typing. Sure, Java's type system isn't that awesome. But it's better than not having compile time type checks. Intellij is written in Java, and it runs fine. The set of all Java applications is not comprised solely of Eclipse. Those respect points are really crucial. I mean how much does a new computer cost vs. how much does a developer's time cost? That's a very good point. A lot of the places paying "rockstar" salaries are reluctant to allow remote working, so being willing to offer it to high performance candidates would be a way to attract them. > I think insisting on on-site work is mostly fear driven. Hmm, I disagree, but that's based on my experiences with our attempts to integrate remote workers into a strong team environment (two of our people displaced following an earthquake so we waived our normal dislike of remote working.) Basically, it doesn't happen. You can't integrate them into a strong team environment. Now when I say strong, I mean that the team decides how it works, the team decides how much work it can fit in its sprint, and the team decides who it hires. We live or die by our teams, and so we focus on team culture, and team cohesion, and we reap a lot of benefit that falls from regular personal interaction. Strengths complement weaknesses, teams develop cultures that they are proud of and protect, and we deliver quality. If you're a remote worker in this environment it sucks. You're out of sight, out of mind (despite Skype and Hangouts, if someone has to open an internet application to talk to you, communication becomes that much harder). But more importantly, you're out of the culture, you have no stake in it, and you feel left out. However - if our environment was one where we worked solo (as opposed to pairing on all production code), and placed far more emphasis on individuals than teams, then remote workers would fit far better. So yeah. It could be fear, or it could be that people are trying to build a team, and teamwork is vastly easier when you're interacting with others in person. > once you grokked the grammar Perl has a grammar? In seriousness, the old aphorism that "the only thing that can parse Perl is Perl" didn't help Perl. The tooling lags behind that available for other dynamic languages. Also, pedant nitpicking: it's straitjacket. Well, good. Being assigned an email address I didn't ask for by the "we need to know all we can about you in order to optimise the pictures of baking your Aunt keeps posting" website never really drew me in. The last time I used it, the styling had some flaws. Trying to set an element's top and bottom border to one colour, with the left and right borders set to another was impossible, as you couldn't address individual sides, only the whole element's border. The 'fix' was to create two line elements over the borders you wanted coloured differently. > Then I update to the latest EAP because it's supposed to fix this particular issue... and then other appear. Hmm, annoying... 1) Report bugs, they get fixed pretty quick 2) EAPs are not guaranteed stable 3) It's early days yet, it'll get better. > It isn't at all a good reason to switch to java, as java's equivalent would easily waste more time than even this rather embarrassing certificate problem with npm. As someone who has used it daily for the past 5.5 years - not really. That said, I'd prefer something like Gradle, but I can't fault Maven for just working, goddamnit. What is particularly bad? How would you have done it differently? I've not done much C, so I can't see the issue, although is it perhaps the types? Would count be modified by side-effect in the calling context also? Cheers mate, ah, so unless the function declares that it takes a pointer then it's pass-by-val? I use Droid Sans Mono: http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Droid+Sans+Mono Although I've had to revert back to Menlo in IntelliJ as IDEA needs JDK 7 to get the Retina sexiness, and last I checked, there was a bug with JDK 7 that caused some fonts to render weird - in the case of Droid Sans Mono, I kept losing semicolons and exclamation marks. > Has it really failed? It works fine for us, but we have the ideal conditions for it to - business product owners who understand that their role is to provide a prioritised backlog and clarify stories in a timely manner - and nothing else. We have an organisation that accepts that the developers will drop features from a sprint to safeguard reliability and quality. We have teams that have stable core domains so that our estimations are, for the great majority, sufficiently accurate within that core domain. Every time I see a "Agile is a scam / it's dead Jim / it's a myth" post, it usually involves into someone doing something dysfunctional and then trying to justify it with "But Agile!" in a game of Buzzword Bingo. I went to help a local government IT department that was trying to implement Scrum to get some clarity on what the hell was going on in their dev teams, and I sat in on sprint retrospectives where all the talking was done by the 'product owner' - who was actually a rebranded business analyst who had no authority to prioritise backlogs. He wouldn't stop talking either, even when I explained to him that the retro was for the team, not him. To that team, Scrum was a bunch of bullshit. To me, how they were doing it was obviously flawed. That said though, ultimately, that organisation has derived value from their half-assed implementation of it. It's shown them precisely who contributes in their IT team and who is cruising. They've got a few people who claim a monopoly on certain areas and jealously defend them because it makes them feel necessary and as such, safe from being laid off. Hence I had a GIS guy telling me that "You can't expect .NET developers to learn GIS!!" and an ABAP developer saying the exact same thing. Now that organisation faces the challenge of managing the coasters out - unlike the US of A we don't have at-will employment. > My current project feels more sluggish. Long planning meetings where just one or two people decide on the story points. Somehow we never really get all our stories done in our sprints. This isn't a big problem, but it makes you wonder how we plan this, and why we plan this. When you raise this at retros, what sort of response do you get? I believe you can measure the health of a Scrum team by a) what issues get raised in a retro and b) do they get addressed? The iterative aspect of Scrum is also very much about iteratively improving process. We have a team that is made up of 1 person from each of our three teams. It rotates on a weekly basis, and that team does the bug fixes / investigations / support queries that come in. The advantage is that disruption to a sprint is amortised to a constant instead of being a variable. The weekly rotations ensure that people who are writing bugs aren't isolated from the fixing of them - it also maintains morale, being stuck on a bug-fixing team is a bit of a gulag for devs IMO. I loathe implicits with the heat of a thousand suns. I mean, I love implicit conversions for easy addition of syntactic sugar, but they should be used very sparingly. It could just be my indoctrination into Python's more of Explicit Over Implicit, but I hate it when things mysteriously turn into things or get passed as implicit arguments because something was in scope. My most hated form is nested implicit conversions, it kills code readability immediately if you can't figure out what type or object actually got passed in. And I'm using IDEA btw, so about as much tooling on hand to interpret said code as I'm likely to get. Of course, you don't have to use implicits, but so much idiomatic Scala code (if I can interpret Typesafe's output to indicate idiomatic Scala) uses it, so I guess it's here to stay. I do love the pattern matching though, especially when it's destructuring. Yes, but when an implicit conversion has been applied to an implicit conversion has been applied to a... ...well, underlining it helps but can't convey all that has gone on. If the author is reading this, thank you very much - I've always wanted to experiment with C, but never had a project to use it on. Writing a Lisp interpreter (compiler?) is not one that occurred to me, but it definitely interests me. Cheers for your hard work. :) Oh wow, I remember spending an entire year's worth of music class at school with Cakewalk and a Roland. > I saw huge numbers of people just living on welfare because they could Where were you living? The hardcore 'bludgers' are a minority of our welfare claimants. Your portrayal of NZ strikes me as lopsided, considering we're working longer and longer hours : http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/money/7841749/No-rest-for-th... I code in NZ for a German company. We are very competitive on price compared to Germans, and very competitive on quality, compared to Indians. It's a happy middle ground. That's racist as. Yep, it can be. So there is a requirement to occasionally work later hours if you liaise with Germany - which is mainly our management and proxy product owners. But with solid backlog groomings, the need to speak to Germany is minimised - if you're grooming a story for next sprint two weeks ahead, any questions can be resolved by email. We run proxy product owners who have responsibility for understanding stories sufficiently to act in the product owner's stead. That said, the time-zone is an advantage when it comes to deployment - a 4am deployment German time is happily within normal 9 - 5 hours in NZ. Admittedly, when we travel to Germany for quarterly planning, you realise that being able to walk up to the product owner's office and discuss things in person is far more efficient and far better for resolving things faster. But at the end of the day, we can run 3 Scrum teams in NZ for as much as it cost us to run 1 Scrum team in Munich when we tried it as an experiment - the business team accepts the downsides of distance and time-zone simply for the efficiencies in euros. I guess that's an upside of being a low-wage economy - we're still competitive despite our stupidly high dollar. > Its an example of the "blub paradox": if you haven't used a pure functional language then its hard to see what the problem is. The blub paradox has always been a stalking horse for condescension, IMO. I've used a purely functional language, and I don't see the problem to be that significant. I see only benefits from traditional OO languages obtaining more FP features. > Plus the Android tooling is horrible to get working reliably - most problems being solved by "restart eclipse" Try Intellij IDEA / Android Studio. I find them quite reliable. Yep, Maven is the defacto AFAICT. But so is Java 6 currently. SBT has a terrible habit of breaking backwards compatibility, which has put me off it. > or a polymorphic event API with dedicated method types for each event Exactly! I agree. Hibernate has become a downright liability at times in our codebase. These days I only use it in new code for query parameterization and result row transforms into models. Speaking of which, if anyone knows of a good library for query parameterization alone, let me know... > Substitution for testability should be done at the runtime level, substituting class references as needed That would require a Java agent. And that's a smell it its own right. (Cf JMockit) Cheers mate! That createQuery() call looks to be exactly what I need (query safety on a low level JDBC stream object). Yeah, I just went and had a look at the project in question and I'm being unfair to SBT, it was a plugin I use to package WARs that changed underneath me. The plugin was quite closely coupled to the version of SBT, but the latest variant of it (once I found out about the migration to a different artefact) seems good. Yes, we did, from log4j to logback. Due to using slf4j, no code changes were required. > . Firefox no longer has the market power it once used to have thanks to Chrome being bundled and installed by default with Flash, Acrobat and Java updates etc. Firefox also went through a very long period of being a memory heavy browser with multiple tabs and the UI sharing a single thread of execution for JS execution - meaning that one badly behaving website could render the entire browser unresponsive. ...at least that's why I stopped using it. > If you are using Chrome, don't fool yourself, you are not using an open source browser, but you are helping Google further the agenda of its stakeholders As an example, Chrome won't ship an adblocker by default... but they will add code to prevent popunders from working. Guess which ad format Google doesn't do... I love the person who downvoted this without any response. Am I wrong about the technical challenges Firefox faced? Yep, it's just `javac -version` or `java -version` The only working definition of "Big Data" that I've come across is "Data too large to work with in a traditional RDBMS". Oh, that is fantastic. :D Default is 1/4 of physical memory for a server JVM. I'd emphasise the word server. Client JVMs are 1/4 of physical memory to a max of 256MB. I always enjoying reading blogs by people unfamiliar with a technology about why their poor understanding of a technology indicates that the technology they know better is better. > we ended up with the MUNI (aka SFMTA). The problem is: as a monopoly, and a government-subsidised one to boot, they have absolutely no incentive to improve service. Germany's trains are also monopolies, yet the U-Bahns I'm familiar with are reliable and relatively clean - at least compared to the BART I rode. Exactly, and when you ask people who "have done Scrum and it was terrible!" if they raised their problems with the process in a retrospective and if so, what happened, that's usually what identifies the issue. Seems like a lot of people don't take retrospective seriously, or don't speak up during one, or their organisation completely ignore the outcomes of it. And as you say, they've missed the biggest point - consider your process, and iteratively improve it. I use my work laptop for business and for personal use. As I sporadically hack on my work code for fun, I don't want to run two computer user accounts. > This is normalized of course, and so it's important to remind that working odd jobs while you "write your novel" is entirely devoid of such stimulation, and I believe, actually and actively kills brain cells. Hmm. I'm a developer now because I had a brain-numbing government employee job - I had developed an interest in programming as a young child, but it never went anywhere, and I'd largely forgotten about it. Fast forward, I'm stuck in an underpaid overworked dead-end job which I'm resigned to because I have a wife and child to support, and I'm borrrrred. I then stumble across a website discussing how fun and accessible Python can be for newbies, and I give it a crack, and I'm hooked. I get a new government job, better pay, less work, still boring. But the boredom at work gives me a huge amount of mental capacity for my learning at home. My sleep admittedly suffered because of my programming, but my work didn't. In my downtime at work, I'd write programs. I spent a lot of time learning JS because it was available to me for hacking on in my locked down work environment. After five years of government schlepping by day, and programming by night, I met a man who could overlook my lack of qualification and who would give me a chance to prove myself. And all that boredom finally paid off. Now that I'm a developer, my work is so intellectually challenging and interesting that I could not replicate the same learning that I did in my duller days. I just don't have enough mental capacity left at the end of the day, these days. In summary - my boring day job gave me the capacity and impetus to learn to code. You're spot on. Work is so much more meaningful when you are allowed to influence your workplace. I work in online advertising, hardly the most glamorous market, I'm not exactly sequencing genomes to cure diseases - but my work is meaningful to me because we have so much control over how we work, and how we treat our employees. > Why does it matter what he wanted to do growing up? Since when do we value the judgement of children? I wanted to be a scientist when I was growing up, a biochemist. I'm not, but a few friends are, and they all sing from the same song-sheet - "There's so few science jobs in our country, and they're all underpaid, and academia is not much fun either". An example, my brother has a chemistry degree, the only job he could find with it was processing film badge dosimeters - which involved taking the film out of a box, putting it in a machine, and writing down the batch number. It could've been easily automated, except it was cheaper to hire two science grads to do it. Shows what an eight year old knows about career paths. > People and work environment trumps what you actually do. I definitely agree, and you raise a good point - I'm idealizing a given task merely because it sounds more socially minded. Deliberate government policy to prevent inequality. Cheers mate, thank you for sharing, it illuminates the discussion well. Hi mate, We choose our interview questions based on the position and how the candidate presents themselves - e.g., if you state you have strong SQL skills, we'll be expecting you to demonstrate those skills. In the first filter interview, we're generally looking for war stories that show you have what we're looking for, so if the word 'scalable' pops up in a job description, for example, then a relevant anecdote on a time you had scaling issues and overcame is worth making notes on. We also prefer to have you work on actual problems on a computer while pairing with one of our team members instead of doing stuff on a whiteboard. We're interviewing for skills and team fit, and if you're intelligent, then skills can be taught, but attitude rarely can. In summary - depends on the specifics of the job description. > Don't judge if people are oppressed (or better, repressed) if you have never been, please, either because at that age YOU had the occasions or guidance, or because you hadn't that curiosity or talent. Nice justification of criminality. "But I was bored and talented!" Oh dear, who are we to stand in the way of your genius then? > Nice black-and-white view of humanity I don't have a black and white view, I just don't buy "I was bored and clever" as a justification for breaking the law. Okay, I can understand you feel passionately about it, but I'm not commenting on the validity of the American legal system's actions. I'm merely commenting on how intelligence doesn't lift one above the legal system you reside within. We use Vertica for our analytics, and basically, INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE are performance risks, as are trying to SELECT large amounts of entities. As other commenters have said, Vertica, like other columnar DBs, is optimised for reads, and it does so basically through materialized views (called projections) across multiple nodes - so when underlying data is updated, those updates have to be replicated across the system. It's not a huge concern in a reporting / analysis environment though. Retrieving whole entities is not particularly performant, but if you want to group and aggregate columns, it's blistering fast. I ran some numbers - our largest stats table in Postgres is 64GB, 379 million rows, and summing a column can take up to 4.5 minutes. Our largest table in Vertica is 500GB, 2.7 billion rows, and summing a column can take up to 100 milliseconds. I'd have to say that the worst thing about Vertica is that it's not free as in beer or as in speech. Licencing is done on a raw data basis, and the high costs of upgrading licences often drive our technical decisions. And likewise, trying to use the Vertica JDBC library to stream entities from Postgres to Vertica was an interesting exercise (in fairness to Vertica, it was caused by poor implementation of some code in the Postgres JDBC library), because I had only the compiled JARs to work with, and so debugging was difficult. Other catches - constraints are not enforced - a performance decision. The other issue is that projection design is a very fine art and really determines how much performance you'll get. That said, Vertica ships with a projection designer that designs projections to answer specified queries fast, and the designer is suitable for about 98% of your needs. For the last 2%, you can often find yourself trying to interpret the mind of the query planner when you want it to use your new projection. ...This leads to another catch - as projection structure is strongly tied to query structure, queries that are changed and ad-hoc queries may suffer performance issues, and they do so silently. Vertica does make excellent records of query metrics, but nothing will blow up if an existing projection can no longer answer a query. The last caveat is that importing data into Vertica requires some thought, and how you do it is typically determined by Vertica's design constraints. The documentation is good, and the training is worthwhile, but there's still a lot of thinking specific to the implementation required. > Personally, I don't find ultra-specialized databases very interesting (speaking generally here, not necessarily saying that Vertica is ultra-specialized). I basically see two reasons to use something specialized: (1) replicate data into it and run queries (i.e. an accelerator); and (2) put lots of low value data in it, that you'd otherwise throw away, and try to extract some signal from it. (There are a couple other cases, like real-time systems, but that is outside of what I ordinarily deal with.) Pretty much. We had a specific business requirement of near real-time statistics and historical statistics available at an entity / day level of granularity for advertisers and publishers using our platform. Vertica occupies a very sweet spot for us in that regard, but it requires a lot of specialised approaches. I've managed to break its tuple mover a couple of times when loading historical raw data in large quantities. I haven't, but I'll definitely look into it, cheers. :) Our largest table is only that size due to licensing issues, mind. Are there unions in game dev? In my country, IT professionals are very hostile to unions, but then our labour laws are less imbalanced between employer and employee (IMO) than America's. > Reëducation While this is completely unrelated to the subject matter, I admire the New Yorker's insistence on keeping the diaeresis alive. > For the "Enterprise!" developer pool, there's Java. The 500 line methods are still hard to slog through, though. Great straw-man there. I didn't realise that javac required 500 line methods before compilation. > In which case, the language of mandate doesn't matter much. It's a lot easier to pass two collections to a method in Java than to a sub in Perl. > But it's a rotten language to maintain. I've been diving into some of our legacy Perl and man, the learning curve of the various sigils and implicit variables. Even working with collections was challenging. I'm working to make it better Perl (I have a copy of Modern Perl on my desk), but that's solely to make it understandable so that we can rewrite it / replace it with something like Salt. Your reply makes no sense to me I'm afraid. > And I didn't realize the well written Perl code compiles equally better. Equally better? > And its certainly a lot easier to open files and do things in Perl than writing several hundreds of lines just to set and get variables for one single class. Come on, seriously. Here's how I open files in Java: import com.google.common.io.Files; List lines = Files.readLines(new File("/foo"), Charset.UTF8); Why do you insist on straw-men to back up your arguments? > List aList = Arrays.asList( new int [] { 1, 3, 5 }); You can drop the inner array, asList takes variable number of arguments. > // I need to check if Java 8 has map literals a la Groovy... Sadly not, IIRC they've backed off from literals towards a Guava style static factory methods, which I'm not thrilled about. > I'm not seeing that much of a difference in parameter passing, other than the explicit reference/dereference syntax. So let's say I'm a newbie Perl developer just exploring subs. sub stuff { my ($a, $b) = @_; print "$a and $b\n"; } my $a = 1; my $b = 2; stuff($a, $b); It works! Hurrah. Feeling clever, I move onto collections. sub stuff { my (@a, %b) = @_; print "$a[0] and $b{A}\n"; } my @a = (1); my %b = (A => 2); stuff(@a, %b); And it doesn't work at all. @a has some additional values, and %b is undef. So yes, let's use references. sub stuff { my ($a, $b) = @_; print "${$a}[0] and ${$b}{A}\n"; } my @a = (1); my %b = (A => 2); stuff(\@a, \%b); Except now, I have two ways of working with Perl's collections, two separate sets of sigils, and all because I wanted to pass two collections into a function and Perl treats function arguments as a collection, and Perl implicitly flattens collections. The difference I see, as a Perl newbie only working with it out of necessity, is that having (because you need it because of earlier design choices) more than one way of operating on data structures, violates the principle of least surprise. > On the other hand, now I have to go to the Enterprise Committee with a Permission To Install Library Form to get it, since it's not part of the base language. It might well be worth it to use Google's jar, but it's a delaying nuisance. Argh, same straw-man again mate. 1) It's a library, there's no need for One True Library. Especially not in a Perl thread (CPAN is awesome). You use whatever works best for you. 2) Caught and re-thrown as a RuntimeException by the library. 3) No idea, but if I need that low level of control, I wouldn't be using a readLines convenience method. 4) Like you can pass files as a parameter, and create lists of them to iterate over. 5 - 8 are a different problem domain. But I was merely answering your hundreds of lines to read a file straw-man. I never suggested Java be used as a scripting language, if you really want to script on the JVM, use Scala, Groovy, Clojure or Kotlin. But personally, I script in Python. Let's resurrect that old pissing match with Perl. ;) > I guess that bottom line of what I am trying to say is that not all perl code is unreadable crap. That has more to do with the writer than the language. And, different languages make different things easier. I would agree. It's the same issue Scala faces IMO - it doesn't have to be a complex maze of types and implicit conversions and implicit values, you can, if disciplined, write very understandable and clear Scala. Sadly though, it seems a lot of developers aren't disciplined. > If it's seriously legacy code ... Well, I'm removing globally scoped maps shared across several modules and about 6000 lines of code. To be fair to the original author though, he was learning Perl as he went along, and when he learned about references he started using them in new code. I must admit that Perl's autovivification can be nice. > it's two concepts: "collection", and "pointer to collection". I guess coming from C that didn't bother me too much Fair point. I guess what bugs me is that you can use collections merrily without references until you want to pass more than one collection to a function - or create a collection that isn't flattened - at which point you have no choice. The licences are far cheaper than your colleague's time. > How can you know your time is worth more than X when X is undetermined? For every other IDE made by Jetbrains, the cost is eclipsed by the cost of a developer's daily salary. So if the IDE would save your developer one accumulative day in a year, it's paid for itself. > It's Jamaica, the beach's "value" is not shared with the greater Jamaican society. Can you please expand on this? I read it to mean that Jamaican beaches are often privatised and off-limits to the public. Is that correct? > There are two Jamaicas, one for the tourists (the Beach) and the rest which is often quite poor and destitute. They mix as much as oil and water do, and the natives are "discouraged" from interacting with the tourists other than in a service role. Man, that's sad, half the fun of travelling is the culture and people. Hell, that sounds pretty damned colonial in mindset. > What the Maori thought it means, and what Christian missionaries allowed contemporary culture to understand it to be You are committing a common error in portraying the Māori and their culture as being crushed and suppressed by colonialism. Hapless victims. The reality of the interplay between missionary and Māori is far more nuanced than that and you a strong disservice to Māori in your portrayal. I'd ask what basis you have for your assertions about the 'lost' definition of mana, when the definition of mana in the Māori Dictionary specificially states: > 2. (noun) prestige, authority, control, power, influence, status, spiritual power, charisma - mana is a supernatural force in a person, place or object. It goes on to explain how mana originates from the Atua and propagates down. It also discusses the close relation between mana and tapu. http://www.maoridictionary.co.nz/word/3424 > Opinionated best practices stop being useful when the emphasis is on opinionated and not on best. If the cabal that has political influence is not the strongest there is, standardization just increases how much technical debt can be built in a short period of time. I agree so, so, so very much. We've had issues where one teams wants everyone to standardise on a given technology for ideological rather than practical reasons. However AFAIK Couchbase 2.0+ is moving away from Erlang to C++. I think the author should be glad that she lives in a country where her biggest issue is that all the wealthy and intelligent men she meets don't have artistic hobbies. That is a fantastically first world / middle class problem to have. The offered improvement is, I guess, process Google-sized 'Big Data' without the significant issues of Hadoop style clusters. Beyond that, there's not enough details. To give you an example, data import speed has always been an issue with Hadoop - Facebook are quite proud that they can import 320TB of data into their Hadoop clusters in a day.