> Adobe has no intention of ever announcing an EOL for Flash That's irrelevant, Adobe is known for keeping dead products afloat. The Flash platform is gracefully becoming another Director or Cold Fusion which are still being sold. Poor Objective C, nobody likes you. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/Object... I agree, but if you consider the success of Chrome OS it's clear that for a lot of users a simple OS is more than enough for their computing needs. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. What do you use CUDA for? Could you post the link of your blog? I'd love to read about that. Well, since you are a developer you don't have so many performance of hardware requirements. The pro user described in the article doesn't really apply to you. > who should Apple cater to more? That's the real question, and of course we will all be biased here. For someone like you it's fine that you can't (for example) get the latest GPU technology, but for someone that works on digital effects that is a very real issue. It is a fact that Apple used to cater to such audience before, and the whole point of the article is if Apple is leaving that audience behind or not. Thanks, there are plenty of great tips! I'm in the market for a powerful desktop and I considered getting a 2012 Mac Pro. It would be awesome if the 2016 Mac Pro was a tower design. Alas, we can only dream. That would be awesome, unfortunately it is not possible yet. http://www.highpoint-tech.com/USA_new/series_RS6361A_specifi... > Supported PCIe Cards: Any Thunderbolt Aware PCIe cards including Audio, Video Capture, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and Storage/RAID controller cards No GPU support. Interesting! Maybe this will replace GSAP in my projects if it has better performance. Voluntary newspeak Visual programming is exploding in Unreal Engine with Blueprints to define in-game behaviours. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/i... I for myself think visual programming is not really programming, since by following that train of thought any GUI like Photoshop Actions could be considered programming. Thanks for the link. First time I hear about ShiftIt. About moving to folders with the keyboard I use Alfred which is a spotlight replacement and it has history of commands. You could even have your own extension (called workflows) to customise this as you wish if you know a bit of coding. Check it out, it's extremely powerful: https://www.alfredapp.com/ > The inability to search within the current folder is also a joke! You can search in the current folder. It's a setting in Finder > Preferences > Advanced > "When performing a search". Yes Sublime is more responsive, but for me it's just a minor annoyance. The benefits of a community over a one man project who has a tendency to disappear are more than evident IMO. That must be why there is a new forum. :) Everything. The design and the code seem to be from 10-15 years ago. I agree. It's one of the things I always change on a new Mac or OSX install. You can change that behaviour in System Preferences > Mission Control > Displays have separated spaces. It doesn't make much sense that the options is there... Windows 10 is much more optimised than OSX. In my experience it runs faster and uses less memory in the same hardware. But yeah, it's ugly, and it lacks things like Spotlight or Quick Look which make your life a lot easier. Try to eat a steak with a hammer, and then argue that hammers are terrible. No shit Sherlock! Don't use inheritance to solve all your OO problems. Ever heard of Design Patterns? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns My theory is that Apple does not want to be seen as trailing behind Microsoft Of course one can interpret things in any way... What if instead a Mercedes representative had said: > People with cheap 5 year old cars is sad Just before presenting its new car? Would you think the same? What is this group the author mentions? > Chrome has had such a problem with performance they formed a special group just to work the problem, but in nearly two years time that group has yet to produce anything tangible. People from all over the world volunteered to fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War. It is estimated that about 35,000 people joined the international brigades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Brigades This always makes me think how much the world has changed. Can you imagine travelling today to a foreign country ready to die for fighting oppression? I have never seen such kind of conviction in my life. So how fast is this compared to jQuery? Has anyone done a jsperf? I found this one, but it's from 2014 so I'm not sure it's the same Cash. http://jsperf.com/cash-vs-jquery-add So you pay $600 and you can't even turn that off? And I thought free to play was bad... > Miguel Arias Cañete, wife of a current Spanish minister and European Commissioner Nope. It's the man himself, not his wife. leakception Spot on. The problem is being able to influence things in a creative way. https://youtu.be/u6XAPnuFjJc I'd rather be the captain of my small pirate ship than a cog in giant battleship. But I'm in my mid 30s now, maybe that will change when I get to 40. That was what I was pointing out... Sounds plausible, but why not even release an upgrade to the outdated GPUs or the CPU? The current 15'' rMBP is faster in single core operations... It's really strange. A lot of effort was put into that Mac Pro and it's components. Maybe sales were not as high as Apple expected? I find it hard to believe. iOS is not ready for prime time and Apple refuses to create a Surface like device and merging iOS with OSX. We need a Netflix for content. You pay a (reasonable) monthly subscription and they pay each content provider depending on number of views. Prime time, as in being your main OS. > Basically like Prime video, just for text. Or Netflix... Interesting, although paying and deciding which article to pay for seems tedious. I think a subscription model with an "eat as much as you can" model would be much more attractive. So why is Linux everywhere? Is it only because it's free? Octodad anyone? Awesome work Evan! I've been using Vue for a new project and it's a joy to use. It makes a lot more sense to me than any of the alternatives. I recently spent a few weeks with it and decided to not use it for a cross platform mobile app I'm working on. 1) The documentation seems good at first, but some parts are outdated and I did find myself stuck with it a number of times. iOS and Android docs are lightyears ahead. 2) The code editor in Xamarin Studio for OSX is mediocre. I've tried using VSCode instead but intellisense didn't work. I imagine using Visual Studio must be a lot better. Both Xcode and Android Studio are much better in my experience. Maybe with the upcoming C# IDE from JetBrain this will change. 3) You need to learn iOS/Android development anyway. Xamarin Forms works well for prototypes and such but in the end you need platform specific UIs and libraries. So you need to do the leg work in the native docs (Swift/Java) and understand how these APIs/languages work and be able to "translate" those to C#. It's double the work compared to writing directly in native code. 4) The community around Xamarin is minuscule. If you get stuck there isn't much material out there to help you compared to native iOS or Android. Also in my short experience their forums were not very helpful. I imagine with an expensive corporate account with dedicated support that must be very different, but for a solo developer it feels like you are on your own. As much as I like C# as a language I really don't see the point of Xamarin in my case. I started learning Java/Android form scratch and I'm having better results in less time. I will have to work more to get both iOS and Android, but I won't feel miserable and the dev experience in OSX will be awesome with first class tools. I'd say Xamarin would be perfect for someone that already knows how to develop for iOS and Android but hates working with Swift and/or Java, loves C#, and has access to Visual Studio in Windows. I found that too a few weeks ago. I ditched Xamarin and moved to Java. Isn't Core M a tablet chip? Yeah why not? Let's reinvent the wheel every fucking time. I'm sure your clients and your family will love that. Are you sure? They seem to advertise offline persistence for both mobile and web. https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/#key_functions So how would one address server side logic? Like for example doing something with the data before sending it to the client? From what I've seen, all backend duties are implemented in a server acting as another client to Firebase. Usually a Node server since Firebase has provided a JS SDK from the start, but I've seen implementations in all major languages. You either implement some cron task in that server that periodically makes stuff with Firebase, or you use an endpoint in Firebase and use it a task queue for the server. I'd would be great if someone with more experience could provide more info on how these backend duties are performed. Edit: see this for more info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/firebase-talk/r4d5H7... Um... what about this? https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/offline-capabi... Thanks for the clarification. I was hoping to use Firebase on a React Native app but I do need persistence. Do you have or plan to make some wrapper of the native iOS/Android SDKs for React Native? The idea is great for many reasons (value, environment, etc) but god, that phone is ugly. Couldn't agree more. We are building a product that runs on iOS, Android, Web, Desktop (using Electron) and Chrome OS, with Firebase, React, and React Native. A lot of code is shared among all platforms. Nailed it. Any app or service that isn't cross platform has no real future. It's not about quantity, but quality. People are complaining because these new features are (mostly) unsubstantial gimmicks. Yep. Macbook + Android here. I know this is purely anecdotal, but nobody around me with an iOS device uses Messages. Everyone is using Whatsapp, or Telegram. Anyone (probably) with a few tools and some wood can build a dog house. But you need real pros to build a skyscraper. So this is how magic happens Cycle doesn't look so good from those benchmarks tbh Why is React performance slowing? How long until quantum computing will be available in consumer equipment? I meant laptops, mobile devices, etc. Sure, these things are huge today, but we have now in our pockets more power than was available in a Cray super computer from the 80s. Could you expand on that? Is it a matter of efficiency like running graphics calculations on a CPU? They? Atom is a collaborative effort, you can fix that yourself. Yes it is, but automatic indentation is awful. I switched back to Atom just because of that. I'm also seriously considering moving away from macOS after a decade. The hardware situation is ridiculous and macOS isn't as stable and streamlined as it used to be. > why isn't Allo just Hangouts 3? From what I've read Allo will become the casual messaging app, and Hangouts for work. Google probably wants to compete with Slack and similar offers. I wouldn't be surprised if at some point Google allows Allo and Hangouts to communicate. I usually only upgrade to a major OSX version when the next version comes out. I broke that rule with El Capitan because Yosemite was so fucking broken. In that case it would probably make more sense to just use NativeScript instead of React Native. https://www.nativescript.org/ Same here. Super happy with an Nvidia Shield TV. Why is that? > the App Store has on average better quality apps compared to Google Play As a user I find good and bad apps on both platforms. From my personal experience I don't see any benefit in Apple's policies. Quite the contrary. For example you get automatic refunds in the Play Store, no questions asked. Also, the quality of Android apps has been going up since Lollipop and the introduction of material design. I was an iOS fanboy not so long ago, but now I'm really happy with Android. As a developer, working for Android is a joy compared to iOS. > You don't have to pay money to use Xcode or the iOS SDK You are not going very far away by deploying apps on the simulator. You can't even test on a real device without paying the fee. > You can live a happy life not doing iOS development As a mobile developer? Not really, at least not where I live. Users are both on iOS and Android. I'm not so stubborn as to ignore that truth. It took Serif 2 years to deliver a decent color picker tool. How long will it take to have a group isolation mode? > Safari on mobile is pretty up to date as mobile technologies come. Quite the contrary. The number of bugs (which in many cases are many years old) and non standard behaviours on Safari for iOS is astounding. For example not being able to set the height on an tag. > Apple already spends tons of money to make an OS and a dev SDK for it. Developers have to spend tons of money in building and maintaining cross platform apps written in any way: native, hybrid, or with a VM like NativeScript does. In the real world budgets are limited and going native isn't always an option. Apple acts as if native was the only viable option, and as if we only had to develop apps for iOS. Web views are way behind Safari. The simple truth is that 99% of the time when browsing is spent on that "rectangular area". Maybe the term "skin" is not adequate, but IMO the features added by Chrome and Firefox on iOS are not that significant for the browsing experience compared to the "rectangular area". Thanks to Apple, WKWebView based browsers are always going to be second class citizens. Personally I never understood why you decided to move to iOS. I think you should have stick to your guns. The problem is not hardware speed, as you point out, but software. It would be lovely to see a real Chrome benchmark on iOS, but alas, Apple doesn't want that to happen. Amen. Doh, that is precisely the whole problem being discussed here. WKWebView is a mess just like UIWebView. You are missing the point. Of course Flash was/is terrible, and not only for mobile phones. But what keyle is pointing out is the irony of Apple arguing against Flash for being a proprietary and non standard technology, praising HTML5, and now relegating HTML5 as a second class technology in iOS. You can run C++ code in iOS, except if that code is functioning as a browser rendering DOM and running JS WKWebView is a mess. There are bugs that have been there since it was released years ago and are still unassigned. https://bugs.webkit.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=wkwebview&li... Depends on the implementation. Sadly, thanks to Apple, in many cases we are still forced to use UIWebView since WkWebView is so broken for Cordova apps. We are super happy with Firebase. Even if you just use the static hosting you get CDN + HTTPS for free. And you can even use the free tier as long as you want which is awesome for low traffic. If Apple is open to admit the dev back to the program means he didn't really commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud, why is Apple enforcing him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple as a condition to get back into the program? Apple wants him to write fake review. Oh the irony. Not at all. If Apple is ready to bring him back it's because he didn't commit fraud. And if he didn't commit fraud he shouldn't need to write a blog post as a condition to get back. Quite contrary, Apple owes him an apology. I agree. But then why force him to write a PR blog post in favor of Apple? That's what's really wrong here. The US law doesn't apply here... he is in Bulgaria I think? Edit: Romania. Really good point. Apple wants him to make a fake review. Probably not. Dash is mostly a desktop app and he can keep on selling it outside the MAS. But if Apple is ready to admit him back into the dev program, then the anti fraud team didn't do the right thing. The project needs a new logo, and a new name. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. I don't like the sound of it, and it seems a name for a lifestyle / sports app. Or NativeScript Mobile development in general is a pita. We really need a native cross platform solution that doesn't involve either running a JavaScript VM (ReactNative, NativeScript), writing UI code for each OS (Xamarin), and doesn't rely on a WebView. Xamarin Forms could fit the bill, but last time I checked it wasn't there yet. What other option are there? Also the terrible docs Last time I checked Xamarin Forms about a year ago it was still limited. Is it better now? What are some of its limitations? Superior? Depends on what you are doing. Working with game engines is a joy since you write "client" code, so to speak, and the engine is compiled for each platform. QT is also really good, but also really expensive, and you lose native UI which can be a good thing or not depending on your use case. NativeScript is working on becoming a universal cross platform solution similar to ReactNative. It's already on mobile, and I've read there is a macOS version being worked on. Thanks for the info. From what I've seen things haven't changed much. The idea still seems to be that Forms is for simple apps that use a number of common components. I'd love to buy one if only I could. Still no Google products in Mexico. The 2013 Mac pro was a very powerful Mac Mini with lots of terrible design choices. So many pros hated it and Apple hasn't bothered to upgrade it in 3 years. The Watch and Pencil are accessories, like the AirPods. Apple Music isn't that big of a deal. > they're never happy It's hard to be happy with that little trash can. The tower models were great. It's a shame Apple stopped updating those. > I think Microsoft should have sell that monitor by itself, but I guess this way they could not shovel win10 updates down your throat so it is not a good option for them... I'd buy that monitor. The easy way to shovel Windows 10 updates would be to make the product only compatible with Windows 10. - 6th gen processors - gimmigck touch bar - no USB-A ports - no SD card reader - no magsafe - super expensive for what you get > People wanted Skylake, they got Skylake Yes, at the end of 2015, not at the end of the skylake cycle. > They got faster GPU Still way behind what Nvidia is doing with the 10 series. > The move to 30-BIT-PER-CHANNEL SCREENS! This I agree with you. > In my opinion much better than with macOS Could you elaborate on that? Don't forget the audio guys. Logic has been neglected for such a long time. Unlike Final Cut and Garage Band it didn't even get a mention in the Hello Again event. > In fact, I am worried about applications gradually putting information only on the Touch Bar that cannot be found anywhere else. I doubt that is going to happen. What percentage of macOS users are going to have the touch bar? 10% at the most? > The autoupdates load garbage onto your computer (Candy Crush Soda Saga?) I've been using Windows 10 before it had a public release and I've never seen anything like this on my machines. It seems like you really have a mess on yours. I also removed anything that I didn't want from the Start menu. I don't understand why you wouldn't do the same. It sounds like the problem here is not really Windows 10. FWIW macOS also requires reboot for system updates. Games, yes, but this would probably also open the door to high performance web apps. I bought the first Macbook with a thunderbolt port 5 years ago and I bought my first Thunderbolt peripheral 2 months ago. In those 5 years I've never seen anybody using Thunderbolt for anything other than connecting a monitor. Quite the contrary. Apple has delusions of grandeur if it thinks it can change an entire industry with a less than 10% market share. > you won't use anymore after two years? Probably more like 5 years at best. Removing all USB-A ports would have been a bold move in 2018, but in 2016 it's delusional. Nobody used floppy drives or optical ones when Apple removed them. Most people still use USB-A accessories. See the difference? Yes, but IIRC in 1998 it was pretty clear floppy disks were on their way out. I had my first PC with an optical drive around 1994 and there was no question that was the way of the future. Mice and keyboards work perfectly well on a USB-A connection, there is really no need to force everyone to buy dongles or to upgrade all your peripherals to USB-C. I didn't. The superdrive on my MBP 2007 died pretty fast and I never missed it. When I bought my 2011 MBP I removed the superdrive and installed a second hard drive. And that was just one model, the Air. If you wanted an optical drive you could buy a white macbook or a MBP. Now there are no options. Optical drives didn't go extinct because Apple removed them, but because USB sticks were much more useful. RJ45 went extinct because everyone uses Wifi. In both cases Apple didn't set a trend, it was inevitable. But a USB-A mouse works perfectly, just like a wired headphone. There is not a clear advantage here. Design is about solving problems in a particular medium. It's staggering the number of young graphic designer divas out there that believe are making art. I've been using Cordova in production for this past year and it's a real PITA on iOS. - UIWebView is slow and so broken - WKWebView is fast and so broken https://bugs.webkit.org/buglist.cgi?quicksearch=wkwebview&li... On Android it's awesome in my experience. Apple again missing the point. It's not about the money, but about having to deal with dongles and adapters. Design tools on Linux are still not good enough. It would be awesome if Affinity released their software for Linux since Adobe is not going to. That's what I thought for 2 years before these new MBPs, and yet, here we are. Even if that was the case, why not let users decide for themselves if they wanted 32GB and 8 hours of battery? 8 hours of battery is still pretty awesome. I think the narrative that Apple presented about not giving the 32GB option because of battery time doesn't make much sense if you consider all the design decisions around these new machines. It makes more sense that Apple thought only a minority of users wanted 32GB and then it backfired. Considering not even Apple makes USB-C accessories I don't buy the idea of advancing the industry. It makes more sense to me that these machines were never intended to be released in 2017 but something happened and Apple didn't have a choice. What about it? Aesthetics are part of the problem that needs to be solved. Maybe, but you missed the second part of the statement which was the most important. Because Apple also manufactures accessories like keyboards and mice. That's precisely my point. When Apple removed the headphone port from the iPhone it added lightning headphones and an adapter into the box. It also announced the AirPods. But with these MBPs? Nothing. No new USB-C keyboard or mouse. No adapters included in the box. No USB-C iPhone. I don't think anybody in its right mind would think the dongle situation is remotely good or that the vast majority of people would not need any dongle. I also don't buy the idea that Apple is "advancing the industry" given the only thing it has done is removing USB-A ports. IMO it would have been wiser to keep 1 or 2 "legacy" USB-A ports. Off topic... but what are you using for JS animations these days? I've been using GSAP for almost a decade since the Flash days. Thanks for all the great info. DreamFactory looks super interesting. Other than having public direct contact with individuals and brands I never saw the point of twitter. I thought I was in the minority a couple of years ago when Twitter was growing exponentially. Now I see it's the other way around. I'm not surprised their ad revenue has been falling about 80% in the last 2 years. There's little communication in 140 characters and the chaotic stream of tweets is unattractive to most users. Maybe Twitter could be more vaulable if owned by Google or Facebook, and integrated in the services of those giants. Apple has denied merging macOS and iOS, but IMO a universal OS that works on all your devices is inevitable. Mobile devices are now powerful enough that they could connect to a screen and display a desktop environment to perform everyday tasks. I'm almost certain Apple isn't doing this because it would canibalise its products. If the rumoured Andromeda OS by Google is what I'm describing, macOS and Windows will become the trucks of desktop OSs. Blink doesn't get any upstream changes AFAIK. In fact it's moving much faster than WebKit and got custom elements back in 2014 with version 33. http://caniuse.com/#search=custom%20elements > The Mac Pro has been the current model for at least two years It was released in October 2013, so more than 3 years. Because of Apple's anorexia, that's why. The 10-15% increase in battery consumption could have been easily solved by having a 10-15% bigger battery. I have not used Arango in production although I evaluated it and exchanged a few emails with Claudius. I see a number of reasons why ArangoDB might be more interesting than Rethink: 1) Arango is a multi model database with graph, noSQL, and key-value pairs. Even if Rethink has joins and complex queries, it will never be as flexible for general data modelling. 2) Foxx is a logical layer on top of the database. While it's limited compared to a classic server side application it offers way more flexibility than Rethink could ever. 3) Arango (or Foxx) don't offer realtime data like Rethink or Firebase, but quite frankly there are few cases where such feature is needed. On our project we are probably going to use DreamFactory instead of Arango because we are more comfortable with SQL dbs and it has a number of other valuable features over Arango. > which you shouldn't Why not? Isn't the brain a biological machine? OrientDB has a similar feature called "live query". Meteor also has something called "reactive data sources" although Meteor is not really a DB. Same here. I live in Mexico and the pricing situation is just ridiculous. We are paying 20-25% more than in the US. Not only for buying the products themselves, but also for the repairs which are way more expensive. When all the 2011 MBP GPU fiasco I was asked for $1500 when in the US Apple asked for about $300 for the exact same repair. I've been with Apple for over a decade and just bought a Surface Book. Windows is not perfect, but Microsoft is doing all the right choices lately and Apple only produces eye rolls. The 2011 was worse since it happened after the warranty expired. At least now people can still get a refund or use Apple Care. > Why on earth would I restrict myself to a stationary computer when I can have a portable one that I can take everywhere I want with no hassle? A couple of reasons come to mind. 1) Price and value. With the exception of all-in-ones and the 2013 Mac Pro, desktop computers can be upgraded, repaired, and you get a lot more for what you pay than a laptop. Also a desktop machine usually lasts a lot longer than a laptop. 2) Flexibility. Laptops are now more than ever closed systems with soldered parts. Which means that (like an iPad) you don't usually have many options available. 3) Power. This is an obvious one, but to get performance you still need a huge laptop or a desktop. I recon none of these points will make much sense if you absolutely need mobility, but as someone that has both a desktop and laptop I see value in both form factors. I've switched to a low carb / high protein / high fat diet and it's great. I'm eating lots of food and losing weight along the way. Each Saturday is cheat day and I eat anything I want. Breaking the sugar / carbs dependency was really difficult for the first weeks but now I'm "fat adapted" as they call it. I've been doing this diet for a year or so and broken it a few times for weeks at a time. Getting back was super easy and I didn't gain much weight. In 2016 I've lost more than 20 kilos, or about 6 belt notches. I even had to buy a new smaller belt. If you want to know more about this look for the Atkins diet, 4 hour body diet, keto diet, etc. Those are all variations on the same idea of reducing or eliminating carbs from your diet. Apparently this fix is only available for Sierra 10.12.2 A nice big finger from Apple to those of us that won't upgrade. I read somewhere that ARM was growing fast because it hadn't been as thoroughly developed as x86 in the past. So right now ARM manufacturers were catching the lowest hanging fruit, so to speak. Is ARM going to hit a limit soon like x86 has? Also in the comments of the article someone says that the x86 architecture is outdated vs SOC architecture. Is this true? Does this mean we'll see SOC on desktop in the near future? TypeScript is a lot better than pure ES6 since it has modifiers, accessors, abstract classes, interfaces, etc. http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/classes.html I come from 10 years using macs and gave a shot a Windows 10 for a couple of weeks. Windows 10 comes with Windows Defender which is more than enough if you are one of those rare persons with common sense. If you only need to use Adobe software (or any other industry specific) Windows 10 is good. You can chose your own hardware, and personally I've found it to be stable and fast. No need to get an overpriced and decrepit Mac Mini. I wouldn't use it as a general use machine though. I've found that the Windows ecosystem is plagued with old win32 XP era software. You can remove all those live tiles from the start menu. Cortana and those Office installers can be disabled easily. With a simple registry hack you can even remove OneDrive from the file explorer. It would be better if you didn't have to do those things, but it's not that bad. I should follow your advice. I'm too addicted to Reddit. I'm guessing with the rise of automated jobs there will be a huge rise in electrical and mechanical engineers. After all, someone has to take care of those machines, no? I'm guessing you are single and not planning to have kids, right? Are you enjoying the noise of the new keyboard? https://vimeo.com/195645497 Exactly. Like the lack of a proper GPU. Author here. I got the one with Iris Pro. I was a bit worried about performance but after using it for a couple of days I'd say it's more than fine. I haven't connected it to a 4K display though. I will try that and get back to you. Except that this time the "latest and greatest" doesn't really offer better compilation times. I wanted to get a Thinkpad too but the monitor may come with PWM which is a deal breaker for me. Why not have both? Um... you can connect all of those in a laptop. Well, maybe not a 5K display, but 4K should be more than fine. I'm using a Dell P2415Q using the provided mDP to DP cable and it works just fine in 4K at 60Hz. Maybe you were using it at 30Hz? Haxe was so promising but it remains largely ignored by the community. https://www.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=%2Fm%2F0dbj... Couldn't agree more. That's one of the reasons we decided to not have kids. There are too many humans consuming too many resources in an unsustainable lifestyle. I don't really know. The language in itself is awesome. My guess is that there are way too many moving pieces since Haxe needs many side projects to be the universal language it promises to be. I agree, although my anecdotal experience after a decade of using Macs full time (and a few years part time before that) is that I've seen a lot more bugs and problems since Apple switched to a yearly release cycle. Yosemite was by far the worst macOS version I've ever used. I'm pretty happy with El Capitan though and I won't upgrade until I really need to. Downgrade to El Capitan I tried Windows 10 for a couple of weeks and while it was better than I expected it's still a mess. The short version is that the Windows ecosystem is plagued by legacy software (even Windows itself). I'm careful with the power brick and cables now since I've had this happen on a few Macbooks. I'd say half of the Macbook users around me have suffered problems with power brick cables. Specially where the mag safe cable connects to the power brick. I wouldn't blame it on users though. I've never seen other power bricks so plagued with these problems. 99% of users won't see this though. Couldn't agree more. It's not about courage or innovation for innovation's sake, but about making the right decisions. Sometimes that means being boring. The 2013 Mac Pro is a perfect example of Apple badly solving a problem that wasn't there to begin with. What did Apple smoke? Circular GPUs that can't be upgraded? No PCIe slots or storage space that forces you to use expensive TB noisy boxes with cable all over your desk? I've stopped upgrading to major macOS versions until at least 6 months have passed if not 1 year (when the following major version is released). This has worked more or less ok for me with the major exception of Yosemite. Snow Leopard and Mountain Lion were the most stable and polished versions I've used. To be able to ignore the instructions you have to be able to read them first. ;) Although all this is irrelevant since Apple phased out mag safe, the "ears" that hold the cable, and added a removable cable. I've reported numerous iOS bugs in the webkit project and most of the times I never get answer. I also frequently report bugs in the Chromium project and I usually get an answer in less than an hour. Never a bug I reported was ignored, legitimate or not. Recently I wrote an article criticising iOS from a dev perspective and posted a tweet from a core webkit member: > that's because they have a lot more engineers and evangelists/dev-rel than Apple ...referring to Google and the Chromium project. Well, hours after I published the article the Twitter user was deleted. Here's the article in question: https://medium.com/@Pier/why-i-hate-ios-as-a-developer-459c1... Problem is you also need to upgrade your motherboard, memory, and probably your CPU cooler. And if you do that, you might as well just build a new computer with a current GPU. Achieving the same level of performance with ARM is only half the story. Apple has to surpass the Core i series to make any sense to switch. And then there's the whole clusterfuck that would be porting all the x86 software to ARM. When Apple switched to Intel emulation of Power PC was usable via Rosetta but AFAIK emulation of x86 with ARM is extremely slow. > What makes you think their USB-C cables will be much better? Nothing, but at least those can be replaced without having to upgrade the whole power brick. Who would have thought? The latest version of Ember has improved performance considerably although generally it's considered slow compared to modern alternatives like Angular 2, React, Cycle, etc. I haven't seen your code, but using lots of Singletons is usually a code smell. > Learn a bit about microservices and RESTfull stuff and you might begin to see the light, about how a browser can consume an API that sends back JSON DATA rather than rendered HTML. It's the future. RESTful APIs are great but you are 10 years late to the party. Using RESTful APIs is exactly the same thing web services were back 15 years ago with XML. https://apievangelist.com/2012/12/20/history-of-apis/ I'm 37 and I find that I'm smarter and wiser now than I was in my 20s which makes learning much easier even if my brain is almost double the age. RemindMe! Twenty Years All of the above. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The food though... I started coding in BASIC with a Sony MSX in the 80s, and professionally since the late 90s on all sorts of things (web, desktop, video games, etc). Mobile is BY FAR the most frustrating experience I've ever had. This could be easily solved if HTML5 apps were first class citizens in Android and iOS like they are in Chrome OS. Relying on third party solutions like Cordova, Crosswalk, is frustrating. Solutions like ReactNative and NativeScript are also unsatisfying and both iOS and Android should offer a similar solution (native engine + scripting behaviour) without relying on third parties. This is common practice in the video game industry and prevents 15 or more minutes of compile times. How do you search files in a cross platform way? You could do the same thing with a single dedicated virtual machine. The problem with classic dedicated servers is hardware... when a disk (or other component) fails it can be a little nightmare. What I did was to simply log out from Facebook. I would impulsively type the URL and then the small nuisance of having to log in was enough for me to close the tab. After a few days it was enough to stop the compulsion, and now I haven't used Facebook in months. Reddit on the other hand... > Anyway, besides the recruiter app, is LinkedIn really worthy of a SPA experience? In some cases it makes sense, but very few websites really need to be SPAs yet everyone these days is using React, Angular, Ember, etc. Facebook created React to not depend on other frameworks. They also added HTML and CSS into JS because their application is huge and complex. At their size it makes sense to have all the bits needed to work on something in the same place. Redux, same thing. It's a solution that is intended to solve problems at the 1B users scale. The truth is 99.99% of web applications won't come close to that level of complexity, but devs insist in using solutions React and Redux because... hype? It's like driving with a school bus to carry 1 person. Dan Abramov has said himself that it doesn't make sense to use Redux until you need it. Same thing with all those JS UI benchmarks. There must be a use case for rendering and doing data binding in 10000 UI elements at 60 fps, but those are very rare edge cases. I'm guilty of this myself. I've spent 2016 working with React on a few SPAs and I have to admit I only got in it or the hype. Everyone was doing it which must mean it's the best way to go, right? Wrong. I'm moving away from SPAs in 2017. Going back the classic route of generating dynamic HTML in the server and sprinkle pages with JS "widgets" whenever I REALLY need those UI enhancements. If I need an SPA for a particular use case, sure I'll do it, but not as a default option. Edit: In mobile SPAs makes even less sense. Sure you may be reducing requests, eventually, but the CPU usage is bigger and the initial load is also bigger. And sure, you can really optimise an SPA but this adds complexity on top of complexity. Sites like HN and Reddit have proven that content is king. I wanted to get a Razer Blade Stealth but the internet is plagued with ugly customer support stories and QA issues. No thanks. > The unified vision at Apple is gone. My theory is that something happened and Apple felt it was forced to release the new MBP 6 months or maybe 1 year before the whole line was ready. In that case why not use something more lightweight such as Vue? I have a number of PCs and Macs at home (even a Sierra hackintosh) and I just prefer working on macOS. I tried switching to Windows for work but ultimately I need iOS and macOS compilation and I also miss the macOS ecosystem too much (Alfred, Karabiner, BetterTouchTool, iTerm, etc). Also Windows is plagued by legacy software, which is not an absolute deal breaker but who prefers working with ugly outdated software? If you have big hardware requirements moving to Windows or Linux is a no brainer. Even when money is not an issue, with Apple you are stuck with decrepit AMD GPUs. Depends on the country. If you live outside of the US even big manufacturers like Dell give you very limited hardware options. Yes, like in macOS or Windows. Thank you, I thought I was going crazy. I've been using vector software since Corel Draw 4 and quite frankly I don't understand how people can design layouts in Photoshop. I've done it, but it's really a pita compared to working with any vector graphics software. No wonder so many people are moving to Sketch. Can confirm, Sentry is awesome. It's been very easy to integrate in our web apps and the results are helpful. My main problems with the console are: 1) Lack of in depth analytics on storage and the database. You give us some vague bandwidth and space metrics which aren't that useful. 2) No way to search, filter, or query the database. The database manager is really only a JSON editor which isn't that useful. I'm guessing this is a consequence of the database API being very limited. 3) Editing rules using a JSON or even Bolt becomes unmaintainable once you reach a certain complexity. Specially if you want to create role based permissions. There should be a UI to manage rules. Even better, there should be a role based permissions system built in.