To be fair, I don't recall anyone of import advocating that economics is a natural science. Look at any university course catalogue and it is wedged pretty firmly in the social science department where it should be, along with the other fake sciences like psychology and sociology (though I would have to call it a continuum of fake, with clinical psychology on the "closer to real" end and sociology on the "just making junk up" end). Unfortunately, I suspect that there is too much incentive to "make observation fit one's expectations" in these fields. Conversely, what purpose does non-scientific quantum physics serve? Beyond weaseling more research money, pretty much nothing. But making economics and sociology say things that aren't held up by observation can, and most often does, lead to vast political and social change. Very surreal. I don't know if anyone here knows, but Curtis Jackson started out in life as a drug dealer. Here's how I gain respect as a programmer. I complete my work on time, I do brilliant work, I don't abide cheesehead managers wanting to set unrealistic schedules, and I maintain a certain level of deliberate eccentricity to keep everyone guessing. Now, nobody wants to piss me off because they're too afraid I'll quit and leave everyone in a lurch. How you are perceived in your career is entirely up to you. Were SQL developers never taught the importance of reducing code duplication? Seriously, I see it a lot "in the wild". Databases that are filled with duplicated data, duplicate procedures, duplicate views. It's a bit sickening. I agree with you in principle, that SQL developers are definitely needed, I just think that anyone espousing to be a programmer should be capable of proper database design and programming. Well, I guess the people who aren't are usually not that great at imperative programming either... Isn't this more accurately called a Delta Robot? I print upwards of 20"x30" with my 8MP DSLR. That's significantly larger than most people ever get prints done in their home. Shooting digital also greatly reduces my packing load when travelling. I have 16GB of CF cards, taking up less space than a pack of cards. I struggle to fill 8GB in an entire week of shooting while travelling. At a certain point "more detail" is just wasted effort. You're not going to stand right on top of a 15' tall blown up photo, counting film grain OR pixels. Here's another question. What does Ken Rockwell have to fear from digital photography? Seriously, why else would he expend so much effort debunking this "conspiracy" (his words "(digital) raw is actually a conspiracy to addict you to having to buy software the rest of your life")? It's the Kodak conspiracyyyyyyyyy! I very definitely write code as part of my design process. Code is free. It's not like building a shed where nailing some boards together to see how a truss should work costs money. Banging on some keys to see how sockets should interplay is free (disregarding time, but we're already engaged in "design", and I presume we are interested in "the right answer, sometime" instead of "the wrong answer, today"). So I code as part of my design process. I might throw that code away. I might keep a function or five. Who knows? But there is no way to know what the design is going to look like until you know all of the limitations, and the only way to know all of the limitations is to actually take a peek. Oh no! Someone call Bernanke! We need to stimulate the film photography industry! bullshit. The cause of obesity is and always was gluttony. Quit trying to apologize for overeating. I don't care if "you have a low metabolism". Quit listening to the FDA's bullshit on what a "balanced" meal means. You need to figure it out for yourself. We should all be angry, because a culture of denying accountability is about to saddle us with the biggest paternalistic program of transfer payments ever. We're going to get to pay for Bubba's heart surgery because he couldn't control how many cheeseburgers he ate in one sitting. While I agree that we shouldn't be paying for it, and that it is the government's fault for making us pay for it, once the "system" is known, shouldn't the overeater be as much to blame? While an individual is still responsible for paying for their own healthcare, then how they abuse themselves is up to him. In a world were others are responsible for his healthcare, he has a social responsibility to not abuse himself, a social responsibility that I am all too sure will be ignored. This is the fundamental issue with paternalistic programs. If you give the public responsibility over a person's well being, they will also require the means to control that person's activities. Unfortunately, I think national healthcare is a foregone conclusion, and not just single-payer-health-insurance, I mean full the "doctors are government employees" thing. Too many people have conflated health care with a right. that sort of grad school is for people who need their hands held to learn things. To me, a lot of this is what the "design" process is for. You have a certain set of requirements that you need to fulfill, so before you set about coding it, you enumerate how it is possible to implement it. Now, I won't go into details like "Use a System.Web.UI.WebControls.Label here", but if it's something that I know my peers don't have much experience with (like apparently the entire System.Drawing namespace, dammit), then I'll specifically indicate in the design that that is an option. It makes for a much more streamlined process for development. No, it doesn't answer all of the questions that come up in coding, but it certainly slays the big dragons. GUI wc is context menu option in file manager. Creative inspiration is not a bolt of lightning that hits you at random. It's a process of cascading train-of-thought. If you never get that train to leave the station, you're never going to get anywhere. You need to stop procrastinating and force yourself to work to put yourself in the necessary conditions for creative work to happen. Sitting around, watching movies, eating cheezy-poofs isn't going to do it. Some of the greatest works of art have been created in essentially that situation. The subtly subversive works of artists toiling under the employ oppressive, totalitarian governments, people like Hans Fischerkoesen. While I think there is merit to the concept that "workin' hard is for suckas", I mean that only in what our classical conception of what "working hard" means. Our entire industry, this "Information Technology" thing, is fundamentally about making things that allow people to not work hard. Technology is about being lazy, about avoiding effort where effort is not necessary. Using index cards and typewriters to compose documents is certainly harder work than using a word processor application on a PC. Nobody would ever say there was greater merit in the old way (well, nobody worth paying attention to). It's the distinction between "working hard" and "working smart." So "hard work" in the classical sense seems to mean "sit down, head down, move the pencil, move the pencil, move the pencil." That's toiling. That's not thinking of more efficient ways to "move the pencil". Working hard is a productivity enhancer, but only in a linear fashion. Technology is a productivity multiplier. I refer you to the Robert Heinlein short-story "The Tale of the Man Who Was Too Lazy to Fail," which is provided in his magnum opus "Time Enough for Love". We should be "working hard" on finding ways to be lazy. It's through the pursuit of technologies that allow us to be as productive as we are on less effort that make the big advances in productivity, not "working hard". If you plan the rest of your life out while you're still in your teens, you'll likely end up with a bad plan (because you lack the life experience to know what a good plan looks like), and you will probably miss out on a lot of the nicer things in life. There's something to be said for stepping back and experiencing life now while you're still young and flexible instead of waiting until after you've achieved "success" and are consequentially old and creaky. I routinely use discrete math in "everyday, consultingware". Computer Science, and by extension programming, is fundamentally a study of discrete math. Linear algebra is another field that I use a LOT, and not just in graphics systems. If you think math isn't useful for programming, it's because you don't know enough math. I'm with the OP on this one, I wish I knew more math. I'm certain it would make me a more efficient programmer. In the great conversation-that-is-the-internet, why is what anyone says not important, merely for a lack of notoriety? What does the movie theater do to you when you enter BUT suppress your rights to sing/talk/shout/etc, on the terms that they will let you watch the movie? What does the military do to you BUT suppress your right to freely determine your life, on the terms that they will provide food, shelter, and training to you? If a movie theater would want to restrict your rights to write a negative review, why would you attend that movie theater? If a contract is bad, you don't enter into it This isn't just some schmoe replying to the GNU Manifesto. This is a person replying to comments made about him by Richard Stallman. So it's not " a response to...", it is " the response to..." Holy crap, it's so weird to read something that articulates feelings I've had about ORM systems for years. I really don't think you can fairly call cows sentient. Along with chickens and turkeys, they are some of the dumbest creatures around. They're barely more than walking vegetables. The concept of "Ignorance of the law is no excuse" (Ignorantia juris non excusat) was really only ever meant in the context of natural laws, e.g. murder, theft, rape, etc. These things are so obviously horrible that anyone should know they are wrong. Hence "crossed over that line knowing what he or she was doing." In the realm of political laws, ignorance absolutely excuses. Why should it be obvious that importing orchids requires certain paperwork? While jeremymims didn't explicitly espouse a vegan viewpoint, he did mention the "slaughter [of] 10 billion sentient, thinking animals", an emotionally charged choice of words which in my experience is a characterization that only ever comes from a vegan viepoint. Serious moral consideration is a whole different story than "don't eat them". This article, and thus my statement, has nothing to do with the torture of animals. Most of my meat comes from local farmers, people I know personally, even places I worked when I was a kid. Cattle can and are raised in humane conditions. But when a cow can push against an electric fence, recoil from getting shocked, and then push on the fence again, there is clearly something missing in that cow brain that accounts for learning in other creatures. Cows are not intelligent creatures. "Delicious" is certainly up to interpretation. Additionally, if "meat is murder", then why so many "fake murder" products? I don't really see what the issue is with the article. So hamburgers are a homogeneous mix of meat from multiple cows. I never had deep-seated convictions that they only came from one cow in the first place. Does a bag of frozen vegetable medley come from one plant? Does it even come from one plant per type of vegetable? The question is, what is the benefit of switching? "It's easier." Yes, technically metric is easier than imperial... but imperial isn't that hard . not adhering to handling standards is a different issue than "mixing meat from different parts of the cow and different cows". And if you're going to act like that, then it's poetic justice that a lot of vegans are malnourished. did you really just tell me to "lurk moar noob"? Torture was never mentioned by anyone other than the anti-meat crowd here. it's a defective house boat. Here's the thing that I find tragically hilarious about this conversation: you can't get people this riled up about their local school superintendent embezzling money. I love JavaScript as a language, there are some neat things in it (not the least of which is expando object, whoo), but there are much better tools than it for doing application development (even if we go no further than Flex or SilverLight, we've improved dramatically over JavaScript in terms of project management and toolchain availability). If you're worried about namespacing, then you're using the language with the intention of a real application programming language. There are other ways to get code to client in a web-accessible way that doesn't mean "AJAX everywhere!" I would say you have spun AIDS I know a lot of people who put "Eclipse" and "Visual Studio" on their resumes. I think it's reasonable because there are very rarely any such things as standards in software development. Municipal building codes are standards. Drug testing regimens are standards. Programming languages are not standards. At best they are conventions, and only insofar as certain niche subset industries are concerned. As for de facto standards, I don't think we should be paying much attention to them. I think it's very important to draw the distinction that software development currently has no standards (you might be able to argue for TCP/IP, where alternatives are only ever used because they fulfill some unique use case not covered by TCP/IP), because for as much as we want to call this industry "software engineering", we sure as hell don't treat it like any other field of engineering, for many of the reasons already mentioned. I think the first step is to sit down and agree on some terminology. You can't even get two programmers to agree on what "Object Oriented Programming" means. No wonder we aren't treated like professional engineers. We don't act like them. Always a fan of INTERCAL. Malbolge is a good one, too. I've personally found that people who got into programming before the dotCom boom don't need to worry about a lack of degree, people who got in after absolutely need a degree. I wouldn't say that using Python for scripting is even a de facto standard in that sense. Don't make the mistake of assuming your experiences are normative. I generally don't consider it as "we're dating" until at least the 3rd or 4th date. The first few dates are tryouts for "dating". He falls into a number of fundamental paradoxes in his reasoning. He asserts that profit is evil, which is essentially saying that time spent procuring resources is not a cost that can be recuperated through monetary compensation. He almost even comes out and says time isn't a cost when he says he'd think it evil to sell something he found while dumpster diving, "how can you sell something you get for free?". He didn't get it for free, he got it through the time effort of dumpster diving, a recurring cost that has a random (though apparently positive) payoff. Yet his entire motivation for "dropping out" is to use his time as he sees fit, because it is the most precious thing to him. He asserts that trade requires someone to be "the sucker", yet he justifies his couch surfing by offering his friends services instead of money. Trade fundamentally requires that both parties agree that the trade action is advantageous to both of them; total value increases for both parties, separately and combined. He is absolutely engaged in a purely capitalistic system of free trade, completely unfettered by the dead-weight loss of tax systems, and does nothing but deride the one economic system that dragged the human race out of abject poverty. Not to be too harsh here, but... I've been using "difference tables" (without calling it that) since I was 10 years old. I don't mean this to be bragging at all, because I didn't think (and still don't think) it was at all remarkable. It's just a basic method of analysis. 2+2=5 for sufficiently large values of 2 I actually like to hold on to the idea that the universe is non-deterministic. It keeps the concept of free will alive. "The government has intervened to save many of them, and now, these bailed out banks want to hand out billions in bonuses to their non-performing employees" So presumes the author that the people who are ostensibly receiving "billions" in bonuses are the same people who pushed this over-leveraging scam. All bankers are equal, none managed wisely. "And thus, we lose Berkeley Ph.Ds in nuclear physics to hedge funds and MIT computer scientists capable of delivering computing to 6 billion people to derivative manipulation on Wall Street." So presumes the author that nuclear physics and democratization of computing are more noble pursuits than finance. What he forgets is that mortgage-backed derivatives really did reduce risk for really bad mortgages. This was a phenomenal development, we could get more people into houses while not losing our shirts in the deals. Unfortunately, those same mathematicians weren't the ones employing this great tool that they created. "When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail." It's not that mortgage-backed derivatives were wrong or evil or bad, it's that they were grossly overused. They reduce risk, they don't eliminate it, so when the scenario in which that risk turned to losses came true, the losses were too much to handle. But, few people saw the risk for what it was because the Fed suppressed the price of money to lower-than-market rates, explicitly encouraging this sort of speculation. Price floors lead to shortages, this is a basic tenet of Capitalism. Is it any wonder that the entire nation is over-leveraged? Without the manipulation of the Fed, the price of money (interest rates) would have been much higher and this sort of speculation would not have happened. "Hard to counterfeit" is the key point there. The difference between gold and dollars is that dollars are very, very easy to counterfeit. Just get Congress to order more from the Treasury! Why is writing good code slower than writing bad code? I'd rather write good code once, now, rather than bad code now and good code later. You write like you have a crystal ball and can see the future. There is no telling what "letting the banks fail" will do for the long term. However, we do know that increasing national debt to the degree that has been done is not good. Why should we treat the action of the government differently from the same actions of citizens? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to murder people with no provocation? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to kidnap people and hold them captive in a secret location? Why then is it fine for the government to debase the currency, and therefore destroy the value of any accounts held in that currency? This is the current global strategy to the debt crisis: inflate it away. If we (we being the government and central banks as a colluding entity) inflate the dollar 100:1, then the "toxic" debts are only 1% as bad as they were before. And we get to keep the houses we evicted everyone from, and sell it back for the new, inflated valuation. I never made that valuation, you made it for me. I said that the author implied finance was a lesser career choice than nuclear physics, then provided an example where statistical analysis can be used in finance to provide a social good. Not all bad-credit people are bums looking to default on their loans, skirting the credit collectors as long as they can, living on the underbelly of society. But people who were hit hard by a disaster, made a few mistakes in the past, or are just getting started out are lumped in with the deadbeats. Unfortunately, there is no way to tell them apart, based on financial numbers. By minimizing risk in dealing with these types of loans, the people who are legitimately trying to improve their lives are given an avenue to show they are responsible enough to own a home. There is still risk involved, but the construct is not inherently deceiving about its risk level. The problem was over-leveraging on this type of activity. Even over-leveraging on mutual funds and money market funds can make you lose your shirt. "an accounting trick to statistically suppress risk" Mortgage-backed securities as a construct unto themselves are no more an "accounting trick" anymore than accident, life, or health insurance policies are "account tricks". Regardless, "risk" is nothing but a probability factor anyway. Risk is the probability of losing money on an investment, not the certainty of it. To organize assets together in vehicles that allow the earnings of the winners offset the losses of the losers, you're not performing accounting legerdemain, you are reducing actual risk. "That is what commodity-based money gives you. Whoever produces or purchases that commodity has an effect on the money supply." But in that sense, nothing has changed for fiat currency. Fiat currencies are still produced and purchased just like commodities, with the exception that governments can produce all they want to get a leg up on that game. That's what they use monetary inflation for, to cheat at currency trading and bonds games. My point is that nobody should be "in charge" of a currency. Currencies came about through consensus in the market, not through government mandate. Nobody has the right to be the final arbiter of all "dollars" any more than anyone has the right to be the final arbiter of "time" (the only truly important resource) or "air and water" (the first truly vital resources). Monopolies are not good, especially monopolies that come about through force, which is as governments are. In a society that is claims to be free and equitable, having a super-citizen government is not equitable. A single, mandated currency is a borderline oppressive idea. There are laws against "undermining the ubiquity and stability of the dollar". They're used against people who want to mint their own coins of their own design and use them in transactions with people willing to accept them. If people want to use something other than dollars for transactions, then more power to them. Hell, publicly traded corporations already do it, often using their own stock holdings as a medium of trade for merger deals and such. When you look at the plethora of trading (I mean this in the generic sense, not the Wall Street sense) options available to anyone with enough wealth, I think it starts to become clear that financial and monetary laws and regulations are really only meant for the working classes. It's not that far off from other products offered by Logitech http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/mice_pointers/mice/devices... here's a 15 button mouse built for World of Warcraft http://campaign.steelseries.com/us/ Doesn't everyone know this already anyway? Windows wasn't the first operating system. Firefox wasn't the first browser, neither was Internet Explorer. Google wasn't the first search engine. Apple didn't make the first MP3 player or smart phone. Facebook wasn't the first social networking site. Wikipedia wasn't the first online encyclopedia. If you think you need to be first-to-market, then you know what you haven't isn't that great and you're just banking on novelty. "Build a better mousetrap" blah blah blah. I think projects like Clojure are showing that the Java platform isn't necessarily about the Java language anymore, that the runtime and the class library can be used to great effect while getting passed Sun's unwillingness to evolve the language. When was the last time Sun updated the bytecode format? I seem to remember it has been quite a while, like 1.3. I don't know, I haven't been steeped in Java for the last 3 years. Can you imagine someone 2 millennia from now finding Amelia Earhart? Will they even know who she was? Will they be able to figure out the purpose of the machinery around her, or will they be so far removed from the age of mechanical, piloted flight that they will have no context to understand what it is? Will there be enough left to determine that it was an airplane? Will they even believe we had the power of flight, before we ever had computers, scoffing, "how could they have flown? Such primitive people could never have managed all of the equations necessary for flight in their heads in real time." But they do nothing but market the iPod Touch, which is nothing more than a crippled iPhone, as a hand-held gaming device. Big ol' Whiskey Tango Foxtrot on that one. That's assuming our records survive. I'm not entirely sure they will, especially with the push to digitize records. The great thing about analog storage, especially text on paper, is that it is at least partially recoverable after being damaged. A library full of books that have been sitting at the bottom of a newly formed sea for 1000 years has at least a little information in it that can be saved. A stack of foil-backed disks, magnetic tape, or magnetic disks that have done the same? Is the information density too high for there to be enough error correction? Also consider, will future generations even be able to figure out how to read our digital formats? What if 1000 years from now, data is stored in a completely different way than we have currently ever imagined, and has been stored that way for so long that nobody remembers digital storage? Will a future person look at a DVD and know they need to bounce a laser beam off of it to be able to read it? Will they know that it has tracks of pitting patterns that need to be transliterated into bit patterns that then need to be decoded into semantic data? Will they know that CDs are different from DVDs are different from Bluray? At least with text-on-paper, you can immediately see with the bare eyes that something is there, and the only task left is the decoding to semantic data. Even if we can make sure we are storing our data properly, we store so much more data now, will they be able to find anything of interest within the deluge? I get so many emails in a single day that I can't find important emails from as little as 3 days ago, I absolutely depend on search in order to get to them. Not only that, but how will future people differentiate between the important historical data--who did what and when--from the mundane logging information? Well, they aren't stupid for this reason . I'm just saying that it doesn't compute that "Apple hates gaming". They are pushing gaming rather much harder than any other smartphone platform right now. Humans tend to assume that their experiences are normative, and are surprised to see instances where their experiences are not shared. As a personal example, my friends are usually significantly shocked to learn I haven't seen the movie "The Boondock Saints". Yet they think nothing of the fact that they haven't seen Salvador Dali's "Un Chien Andalou", which I have. Our values are informed by our experiences, so we also tend to assume our values are shared by others. Assuming one's values are normative leads to assuming that the fact they aren't reflected in the world must be the result of some external entity, a secret society, or this nebulous "the system". Instead, if one assumes that one's views aren't normative, then it is clear why one's views are not reflected in the world in aggregate: it's a simple tautology. Occam's Razor applies. "The system" is not an entity unto itself, it is intractable from the people within it, it is nothing more than the people within it. The "invisible hand of the market" is merely a short-hand, anthropomorphizing term for "the aggregate activity of the people within the poorly defined borders of 'the market'." If something isn't a particular way, it's because "most people" demonstrably do NOT concede your point, or if they do, do not assign such great importance to it as to warrant change. I don't like that elderly care personnel are paid less than middle managers either, but I'm not suggesting to force everyone else to make that valuation. When you say, "we as a society have to find a way...", and if you are suggesting that way be via government intervention, then really you're saying, "I want to force everyone else in society to pay for my way..." (undemocratic, even totalitarian). Then we have to write a new tax code to pay for it, and we get this situation here in the OP. If instead you are suggesting that you will live by example and proselytize to your fellow man to do the same, then really you're using "the invisible hand of the market" to enact the change you desire. Correct. There are any number of things that a person can do . The problem is, what are things that one can do that are effective, as well as avoiding trampling on other liberties in the process? The "use government" route is fraught with moral hazard and unintended consequences. It appears it was round about the time of JRE1.5. Actually, that was the last major runtime update, that doesn't mean the bytecode format changed, though obviously how the runtime reacts to the bytecode is a significant consideration when developing a new language. Anyway, it doesn't seem like the JRE is a largely moving target. I wear a kilt on occasion. I wore it to work one day. Technically, I was compliant with the dress code, as there was no mention of sex anywhere in the dress code document. So it's the victim's fault for dressing like a woman? I'm sure rape victims are at fault for dressing so provocatively, too? I also believe that the failings of the group are always the failings of the leadership. If bullying is rampant in a school, it's because the school administration doesn't do enough to punish bullying. By banning cross-dressing, they only reinforce the bully's belief system. Hey, thanks for putting the word "porn" directly in the URL itself. I'm sure the company content filters are going to love that. In order for bullying to stop, the environment must be absolutely toxic to them. If they tease someone for how they dress, the only solution is to encourage that sort of dress in all of the students, as a show of solidarity against the bully. By banning it, you only validate the bully's world view, showing him or her that their "heart was in the right place," but that their methods were lacking. "Don't use violence, use regulation!" "it seems to me" that "many" is a word used by people who have no evidence to back their claims. it would definitely need a "hammer_time" command. you can't copyright single words. I see a whole lot of programming and absolutely no functional, technical, or graphic design. This isn't "learning how to create web applications", this is "learning how to be the last team member on a web application project." This is a problem that I have with the current state of "software developer" programs at most of today's universities, be they Computer Science or Software Engineering degrees. They give the student the impression that they actually know the subject by the time they graduate when they've really only taught the easiest, smallest part--the programming, and usually rather poorly. Most graduating computer science students are going to go into a software development position, probably web development, so it is good that Stanford is at least introducing students to the, erhm, "unique" challenges that crop up in web dev. But they're missing some of the most important lessons, like what a project life cycle looks like, why the principles of security must be the 1st consideration, not the last (how many times do people make a thumbnail project with no auth or permission mgmt and then graft it in after?), how to design a non-trivial database, how to make pages that look somewhat decent (and no, it doesn't take an artist, you can easily do a site survey and just ape the current trends, something any copy-pasta programmer should be able to do), how to approach a project as more than just a seat-of-the-pants hacker. Some programs touch on all of this stuff, but they never inculcate them as essential elements, they are all presented as tertiary to programming. The number of new hires (all but one, and that kid actually turned out to be a college dropout. Unfortunately the company got rid of him even though he knew his stuff because he lied about having a 4 year degree) that I've had to teach what a prepared statement was has been really rather ludicrous. In a basic CRUD web app, there should be no reason to be building string-based queries, ever . I don't think you should feel guilty. This is the nature of our work. There are days where you "feel" it and days where you don't. There are days when there is a lot to do and there are days when you're in a holding pattern to see what's happening with something. At least here in Pennsylvania, the state labor board actually recognizes this fact and has classified software development professionals as "salaried, exempt" status, meaning there is an expectation of huge variation in hours worked, sometimes plus, sometimes minus. Unfortunately, most employers just use it as an excuse to force employees to work constant plus with no overtime pay. acta non verba GMail Beta started out invite-only, and was that way for quite a while, thought by the time I got into it, I didn't have any friends who needed an invite. From the teachers I know, and I went to a university that is traditionally a teaching school, they don't use their minds much at all. Most teachers aren't dedicated to the job, they're just looking for a job. They show up, punch the clock, zombie their way through the day, go home at the end of the day, and repeat the next day. Not really an excuse. Layers of abstraction are all about hiding difficulties with using APIs. If PHPs API for accessing prepared statements is cumbersome, then write a wrapper around it that solves the problem once. Hell, I even did it for ADO.NET. ADO.NET is not that hard to use, but a surprising number of developers get a lot of the details wrong, such as when to open and close a connection (i.e. NOT once for every query) and when to dispose objects (at least at some point in the object's lifetime, please!). So, I wrote an ADO.NET wrapper that handles all of that stuff, providing an incredibly thin, simplistic interface. It's been very useful to me, and hopefully other people can find it useful, http://sqlsiphon.codeplex.com Yeah, HTML scraping ESPN.com is not very hard. I did it for college basketball once in a strange sort of database that attempted to predict March Madness brackets. It worked really well for teams that had encountered each other during the season... except only 2 or 3 pairs of teams had ever played each other during the regular season. Works much better on NBA and NFL games, where there are far fewer teams, they see each other more often, and the rosters are a little more static. An semantic equivalent to an "#include" or "using" statement that looked for the library on a central repository instead the local disk, automatically managing caching and versioning. Yeah, but I prefer real solutions, regardless of how ugly they are, rather than wishful thinking for so-called "elegant" solutions. only 5, huh? Uhm, YouTube being big before adult websites adopting flash video isn't really true. And HD-DVD failed because Bluray offered porn and video games. how is this different from a flat-twin? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flat-twin "just do." I know that sounds rather cliche, but it's something that I've found a lot of beginners are missing. They spend a lot of time trying to find the "best" way to do something before they start doing it. Really, just do something. You'll learn from the experience either way. You'll probably learn more than if you had found the maximal solution first. I probably learned more about programming by hacking together a simple role playing game in Javascript+DOM in 2001 than my next 3 years of college and 5 years of work. That 8 year old code still worked up to the point GeoCities died, and then it was gone permanently. Not a big loss, but it was nice to see that it survived a myriad of browser updates. I learned tons about what made good, readable code just from having to live with it. I learned a lot of the art of optimization because of how much Javascript sucked at the time. But more importantly, I learned that it was more important to get-it-done than to be working in what was popular (you would not believe the flack I caught for not using C for it, even though I was also learning C as well and just wanted to do something in Javascript). I don't think such things existed at the time. At any rate, the code was 100% new and performed no browser checking, but still worked exactly the same on all browsers. It took me a month to do what I could do in a day now, but it was a great learning experience. I've started a new project recently, maybe about 10 hours of work into it, that is a chess game, 100% new Javascript, so far 100% cross browser compatible (with no features planned that would break that), with no browser checking. It's actually not that hard if you're smart about your debugging (don't use alerts, use try/catch and write out to a div). What is "correct" but "sufficient for the needs of the task"? If your method is not sufficient for a future need, you will only discover that by doing more . Well, considering the article is from 1999 (hell, I didn't know FlipCode was still even around these days), "back in the day" scripting game engines was an emerging idea. It was a very rare project that talked about scripting, in most cases they were completely custom scripting languages, and often not Turing complete. Lua gained popularity, but it was slow, the game industry suffers from a lot of NIH. I tell people I'm a mad scientist. I never noticed a speed issue with TinyURL, so their third point is pretty silly to me. Also, add a 4th point, "Self-Serving: if the target page has moved, we get a chance to serve you a redirect with our ads on it". They wouldn't have any way to know for certain if you could get to it, but they would be able to tell for certain if you couldn't get to it, because they can't get to it from anywhere on their worldwide network. Something is better than nothing. Actually, the current understanding is that the drones were hacked by insurgents specifically funded by the Iranians, so... I don't even like the idea of microblogging, so to me this is about as big of news as hearing that the IRA managed to bomb a backyard chicken coop. ed: didn't mean hacked, I know it was just a matter of listening to the data feed, not actually doing anything to the drone. Well, #iranelection was the #1 most popular news topic on Twitter in 2009, according to their blog ( http://blog.twitter.com/search/label/2009 ), so there is an actual motive available. That's kind of sad. You can't call people? You can't email them? well, he mentions hating OO languages because it makes it hard for him to program in a style similar to C. That's a bit like saying you hate hate hammers because they don't work with screws very well. The point still remains that he arrived to this conclusion by misusing his tools. The problems of inheritance are not a universally recognized truth. There are plenty of OO advocates who believe that inheritance is perfectly fine. Maybe the issue with inheritance in OO languages is people misusing their language. So design errors and language feature misuse are less likely in procedural languages like C? Come on, that's ridiculous. You can't judge a language by the people who misuse it, otherwise nobody would be using JavaScript and HTML these days. Sometimes complexity is intractable. There are no silver bullets. This article is waaaay off base. First of all, NASA is trying to get into faster launch cycles, that's the entire point of the whole reusable rocket projects. Second, nobody can complain with the shuttle software defect rate: the last 11 versions had a total of 17 defects ( http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/06/writestuff.html ). Seventeen . If anything, the rest of the world could learn a lesson from NASA, especially in the realm of medical technology. > Anyways... A lot of rappers are ex-drug dealers. As a result, many of them are business-savy. I feel Jay-Z is the best example of this. L.L. Cool J., Missy Elliott, and Kanye West are just a few highly influential artists who have no known history of drug dealing or other criminal activity. And I think Stephen Levitt goes a long way to disproving the whole concept that "drug dealers are savvy businessmen" ( http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_levitt_analyzes_crack_econom... ) "We are constantly inventing new and better ways to write software". Name one "new" thing in the last 10 years. Whatever you come up with, I bet there is a reasonable analog from 20 or even 30 years ago. We know practically nothing concrete about software development. Even the concepts of RAD and Agile which are so popular today have been around for 30 years. "Also remember, this is the guy who gave the world C++". Yes, one of the most popular object oriented languages that is still suitable for systems programming. What of it? For all the complaining about C++ as an ideal tool, it's been incredibly successful as a practical tool. I don't use it, but I have a lot of respect for what it has done. Licensing is an afterthought to his main thesis. His main point is that we have to remove the disconnect between industry and academia. Both parties take pride in being completely separate from one another. This has to end, and that is a cultural change, something that is completely within the realm of doing in less than 10 years. As for the relevancy of licensing, I think there is a certain degree to which one could start certifying software engineers on a project management perspective, because the principals of how one approaches a project and brings it to completion aren't that different from any other project in any other industry. If you're running your project correctly, programming is maybe 10% of the project. That other 90% has a lot to learn from the rest of the industrial fields to catch up and start adopting standard practices. A user's requirements are going to be the same no matter what programming language you use. The way you test the software is going to be the same no matter what programming language you use. Within a specific programming paradigm, how you build the software is a shear matter of syntax, all the parts are going to have to be the same. Just as you can have a suspension bridge versus a stone bridge, I think you could study object oriented programming versus functional programming, and I don't see any reason why we shouldn't expect professional, licensed software developers to know both. COBOL, C, C#, Clojure, C-whatever-next, it doesn't matter. Wood, stone, and iron. The principles haven't changed much at all. No, they aren't. What is unique though is that we have such a complete reliance on software without any sense of how to do it well. We know how to build skyscrapers without them falling down when the first real "user" steps through the front door. We don't know any sort of thing for software development. So I take it the iPhone 3GS has programmable pipe-line graphics hardware? I was just talking with some folken over at gamedev.net about whether or not there were any handheld devices out right now that have shader support. That's really the only big deal here. Graphics engines like Unreal 3 are intended to be very, very efficient. You don't end up with a top-of-the-line 3D rendering engine by being wasteful of processing cycles, and that translates to handheld development universally. The change in rendering paradigm from fixed to programmable pipeline has been the biggest hurdle to getting the latest engines running on "less performant" hardware. After that, it's all content. It makes no sense to use Unreal v1 to push 100,000 triangles when Unreal v3 will push 100,000 triangles a lot faster. I loved the concept of OLPC, but it missed one very vital component: programming instruction. You can't have a digital revolution in 3rd world countries by just handing out tools. You need to also provide instruction in how to use the tools Yeah, that was something that surprised me about the Motorola droid: it's only GLES 1.0, with vague, incomplete support for 1.1. Fixed-function is an unfortunate conceit these days. Programmable pipeline is actually easier to teach to complete noobs. why not? In the real world, just because you happen to miss a deadline doesn't mean the work doesn't still have to be finished. actually, that doesn't sound too absurd Whether or not an appropriate, relevant licensing scheme would be developed is a different issue from whether or not it could be developed. As for the details changing, yes, programming has changed a lot, but programming is such a small part of any project. I don't know, it seems an awful lot like listening to a conference hall for one user's voice commands in an unknown language. Brain-wave activity is largely unknown, not understood, and noisy as hell. There isn't even any concrete evidence that distinct portions of the brain are singularly or wholly responsible for specific tasks. Anything we do related to the brain in this period of human development is not much more than witch doctoring. I rarely need an extension cord for any purpose, and I rarely need it in the same place. Part of the appeal of an extension cord is that it is modular and mobile. With these plugs, I would have to replace every socket in my home. With an extension cord, I need only one. It also comes with me when I move. This is a fix in need of a problem. It failed because of Activision's hubris in believing people were going to spend another $120 on a game after having had 5 Rock Band titles and 10 Guitar Hero titles. It failed because it asked people to aspire to be something nobody wants to be: a dorky DJ. Seriously? A DJ? Why not Jazz Flute Hero while we're at it? if you want moar hackz plz, check out http://hackaday.com Even if we dismiss the jargon, it still demonstrates some really bad grammar. Wow, you just described my very same path into programming, albeit it appears mine was 15 - 20 years after yours. Could you talk a little more about your "fix" for this issue? Was it more of just an epiphany that helped you deal with work related stress? I'm afraid that I can't have the quality of home life that I want if I ditch on my programming career, but I'll never have the quality of career life that I want if I don't. I love programming, but not when it's retardo CRUD sites. source code can often be larger than byte code. My first attempt at a javascript chess game was almost 7 years ago. 159 lines of javascript and html. Unfortunately, it's nothing more than a pieces-on-board sim. It doesn't do anything to control play or prevent cheating. It was college, it was fun http://members.gamedev.net/capn_midnight/chess/chess.html He's not really saying anything new here. We get a too-long overview of the history of the Volstead Act, and then one paragraph cautioning Congress to remember the lessons of Prohibition. There isn't even a hint as to what issue he is referring to. Is it health care, finance, marijuana, carbon dioxide? If he meant all of them, he should have said all of them. NeHe's guides are pretty well recognized now to be damaging to beginners. The code is sloppy and encourages copy-pasta coding by failing to properly explain the purpose of the code it provides. I really have to recommend against the NeHe guides. of all time I think the author makes the fundamental mistake of assuming his experiences are normative. Just because he watches television online doesn't mean the majority of people do. It's certainly trending that way, but for now broadband penetration isn't to the point in the US to supplant broadcast TV. I didn't realize anyone still read traditional news outlets. Well, maybe only slightly sarcastic. This is the death-knell of the traditional news media. When they start actively driving consumers away by charging for services once rendered free, there is no way they will be able to recover. The Internet has enabled citizen journalists to get inside the established media's OODA loop and take them out. Established media is too slow and too antiquated to ever be able to catch up, let alone get ahead and stay ahead. I have one UI pet peeve: mousing over large screens. I look at it this way: when the Apple Macintosh made the mouse popular in 1984, it was with a 9 inch, 512x324 resolution display. I got started computing on a 17 inch, 640x480 resolution display, so not that much larger in terms of usable screen real estate. Now, I have two 22 inch, 1680x1050 resolution displays, one turned vertically. For comparison, I made this image http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/thOvKDvamA7iCeQLCdyGIw?... The red box in the middle is the old Macintosh display. It looks roughly 5 inches across the diagonal. Mousing interfaces haven't changed in any significant way in the last 30 years, but displays have grown astronomically in that time. If arguments against the mouse over text interfaces were contentious back-in-the-day, it's even worse now. My wrists can't take this anymore. Then it becomes an issue to hit buttons. As the screen resolution grows, the percentage of the screen area that the button takes up shrinks. If you increase the speed of the mouse to compensate for the size of the screen, it makes hitting precise targets more difficult. That would be a plugin, the name of which escapes me, that turns the scrollbar for the code editor into a thumbnail image of the full length of code. Yes, that has been my main problem with acceleration, I have never been able to set it to be able to move consistently across the screen in both wide swaths and with precision. Partial work around: using a trackball. The ball has momentum, so I can give it a spin and it will continue to roll. However, this brings up a new issue. Trackballs make mousing in relatively straight lines much more difficult, make image editing a real PITA. Really, most of the screen real estate is completely uninteresting from the perspective of the mouse. Contextual gestures, where sliding the mouse changes the selected control point, I think has potential. If mobile devices "would overtake PCs" then why does everyone still have a PC? What value does this provide to me as a user? I'm not interested in formats for formats' sake, neither am I - as a consumer - interested in "openness"; I'm interested in "workingness". that is phones, not smartphones. And the smartphone that can easily be used for creative purposes past taking shaky videos has yet to be invented. If I want to get work done - writing, coding, drawing, planning - smartphones aren't helping. I've been working for about 5 years now. I've been teaching myself programming for the last 10 years. Since that time, I've always assumed a position of lacking knowledge, always assuming that others knew more than me. In the last year or so, I've realized that that last assumption is often false. I still assume I don't know enough, because nobody ever could, but I realize that, because nobody else does either, what they have to say that does not jibe with my own experiences doesn't hold a lot of water. 5"x8" doesn't fit in my pocket. I have a paper notebook here on my desk that is 5"x8". I never use it. I have a moleskine that goes with me everywhere. It's harder to write in the moleskine than the larger notebook, but then I don't ever have the larger notebook with me, so it doesn't matter. If you're making me give up ergonomic input by giving up the desktop, I need to gain portability. That's why netbooks sucked so hard, input sucked and they weren't more portable than my laptop. The on screen and slideout keyboards on the iPhone and Droid are awful, but at least the devices fit in your pocket. And can we please get over the techy self importance? The iPhone is pretty popular -- amongst geeks and rich people. Most people who have cellphones in general still have the freebie brick or folder that came with their plan. Just because Apple has done something to make a big splash in our pond called the tech industry doesn't mean our pond is large enough to matter to The World. According to this site ( http://www.wirefly.org/news/cell-phone-facts.php ), 72% of the US population owns cell phones. I don't know exactly what they mean by that, but if that's 72% of the approximate 300 million population of the US, then that's 216 million cellphone users in the country. According to Wikipedia, Apple has sold 42 million iPhone units ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPhone ). That's roughly 20% if you aren't accounting for people who have paid for upgrades to the 3G and 3GS models. This page indicates that 16% of the market owns PDAs in general, lumping the iPhone into the PDA category ( http://ticketsdotcom.blogspot.com/2009/09/mobile-trends-amer... ). Significant for sure, but not "taking over the world". Why should we expect a device of less utility than a cellphone to do better? That's my point entirely. Predictions that an " tablet is going to take over the world" are woefully self-interested and fail to consider what "the world" actually means. I'm sure from a technology standpoint, it will be a neat device, but it's only going to matter to technophiles, and even then, only for novelty. If the iPad is the "apple for mom", then what was the iMac all this time? Whatever happened to OS X and "it just works"? My mother and grandmother would be insulted to be told that they need a "simpler" computer. This idea that regular computers are "too difficult" for "normal users" is nothing but pure condescension. Why should we believe that now, after all of the other "simplified computer for 'normal users'/internet appliance" devices to ever hit the market (including Apple's own AppleTV) that this one is going to make it? Not sure about UTF-16, but UTF-8 is backwards compatible with ASCII. A lot of decryption requires having a general idea of what the message contains. If you know that the message is standard English text, then that gives you huge opportunities, like finding keys that make parts of the message decrypt to the word "the". Row 2, Column 2: I know it's blurred, but come on, it's not very professional. Serious question: what is wrong with XHTML? I've been using the XHTML 1.1 Strict DTD for the last 3 years straight, always creating fully validating code. I found XHTML infinitely easier to appease than HTML4. Perhaps not as important, but I've also found that I can create nearly identical XHTML in different Web frameworks (depending on the task), which is important to some of my clients who don't have a lot of resources to upgrade the plethora of legacy systems they operate. I don't mean that as a brag "I'm so great", to the contrary, I've just found XHTML to be much more consistent and far easier to construct via robot than HTML4, meaning I don't have to be "so great" to use it. Being Boston, I'm surprised the cops didn't paint it as a bomb scare. Boston PD has to be neck-and-neck with LAPD for most corrupt police department in the country. The Abu Ghraib protester was first http://www.democracynow.org/2004/6/3/boston_protester_faces_... Then the ATHF thing you referenced http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2008/01/mooninites_from_one... Then a freaking traffic counter that had been put in place by the department of transportation http://www.boingboing.net/2007/02/28/boston-police-blow-u.ht... and the MIT student with the LED sweater http://boingboing.net/2007/09/21/mit-student-arrested.html These are only the ones I know of. Maybe there are more cases of Boston PD going nutso over some imagined bomb threat. It reminds me of the aftermath of 9/11, all of the soccer moms in my rural home town, running around and buying up all the bottled water and duct tape in town, like they expected The Terr'ists to be interested in bombing Middelofnowheresburg, PA. I'm sure Boston is a great city, but stories like these make me never want to visit there, lest I worry if I forgot a half-finished Arduino blinky-light project in the back seat of my car. I don't view Boston as that important of a city for someone to want to bomb it. yeah, Motorola is being rather evasive about it, but we're supposed to get Flash support whenever we do get 2.1 on the Droid. I think it's a very unfair impression. The Xbox 360 and the Nintendo Wii are not competitor products: the people who only have a Wii would have never bought an Xbox 360 in the first place. The Wii is to console games what Flash games are to PC games. Flash games didn't cut into the strategy, shooter, simulation, or role playing genre sales on the PC at all , because the people buying/playing them are not the same people who buy RTS/FPS/sim/RPG games. The Xbox line has been singlehandedly responsible for redefining the console gaming experience. Sony has been playing catchup ever since the 360's release. Agreed. This article expressed especially strange sentiments for an entrepreneurship board. I have a manual in a 200hp compact sports car. Driving around downtown Philadelphia doesn't bother me at all. Opening the source for research software is absolutely vital to the concept of reproduceability. However, this fact of the level of programming training for most scientists is a major issue. A lot of novice programmers tend to fall into a trap of "it runs without error, it must be right." Even expert programmers struggle with verifying that their results are correct; technically, program verification is a mathematical impossibility. So it's a daunting task to start with, reproducing results of software-based research. This is only compounded by the fact that reading source code sucks. Source code is an end result of multiple processes that occur in feedback loops. With just the source code, you never see how the code got that way. It's like showing someone a maze with the start and end points marked but the middle of the map blocked out. Different programmer's conceptions of what constitutes good code varies widely. One man's golden code is another's garbage. Just because the source code is available doesn't mean anyone is going to understand it or be able to work with it effectively. Compounding this all is the fact that few people are going to want to read the source code. Analyzing source code is dull work, maybe the worst job a programmer can take while still doing programming. Most programmers are far happier to discard old code and start from scratch. This is often a bad idea and doesn't lead to a better product, but at least you don't want to kill yourself while you're doing it. When it comes to reproducing algorithmic results, I would prefer having a description of the algorithm, a set of inputs, and a set of outputs. I would then write the actual code myself and see if I get the same results. This, I think, is much closer to the concept of reproducing lab results in the physical sciences. You wouldn't use the same exact particle accelerators if you were verifying the results from a paper on nuclear physics. I'm afraid having access to the raw source code will be used as a crutch where logic errors are missed from reusing portions of code without much thought about the consequences. Take, for instance, the subtle differences in implementations of the modulo operator across programming languages: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modulo_operator#Common_pitfalls It would be great if scientific software were open. Unfortunately, it won't matter a lick if it is. Way to really miss the point of the original article. Users don't care about openness. They only care about workingness. Exactly, and while it would be great if things were standardized to make this job easier, we have to live in reality and do what is necessary for our users. One thing that I struggle with to always keep in mind is that our users are not stupid people. I keep the image of my father in my head -- an incredibly brilliant man who taught me everything I know about arithmetic by the time I was 5, algebra by the time I was 8, then stepped back as I voraciously consumed all of the math books he bought for me, thereby basically ensuring my current success in my current field -- and he can't remember how to send links to websites to his friends. Actually, it's not that he can't remember, it's that he can't decide on the best way, between IMing, or posting on Facebook, or emailing (and if he emails, will he email the link or the HTML itself, and then will it be just the HTML, or a web archive, and will the web archive work for his brother who has always ran Apple hardware, etc. etc.). Our users aren't dumb, for the most part. It's absolutely our failure as an industry to hold each other to a standard of professionalism (and I mean professionalism in the sense of Engineers, not MBAs) to ensure that things are actually usable and adhering to standards. We were cursed by our early adoption by counter culturalists. So we don't know anything about the content of their objection, but we're going to call Adobe assholes anyway? Maybe it's the W3C blocking the release of objections, who knows. This article is woefully thin on actual information, don't jump to any conclusions just yet. When I saw the headset on the doll, I immediately jumped to thinking it was some kind of "tech support Barbie", i.e. a demeaning job, not requiring a degree, barely above janitor at most IT firms, often staffed by people who found out they couldn't hack it in higher education. $6000 a ticket isn't a lot considering the caliber of speakers that they bring in. They're paying the speakers, right? I think it sounds like a great idea. We don't need a one-OS-per-vendor market. Consolidating mobile OSes could be a very good thing. "shorteners are now a fact of life" The only time I ever use URL shorteners is when I'm trying to Rick-Roll someone. Seriously, what is the use case on these things? 8% of weather stations are rated as "poor" (>= 2C error) and 61% of stations are rated as "worst" (>= 5C error). It's not just "one bad thermometer". It's the vast majority of thermometers that are bad. http://www.surfacestations.org/ I can't see that happening often enough for there to be so many different shorteners available, especially with Google and Facebook running their own. I see. So I can lump it in with all of the other useless stuff. They're hidden in an obscure, non-standard UI element known as the "left side bar menu", with cryptically named links "Online Database" and "Resources". http://gallery.surfacestations.org/main.php http://www.surfacestations.org/resources.htm I'm sure you could request it Well, the travel expenses aren't anywhere near what a speaking fee would be, but at least the speakers aren't having to dip in to their own pockets to make a free talk happen. So where does the $6000/ticket go? It seems like a bit more than what would be necessary to cover those costs. Yeah, the socio-political talks are pretty soft-ball, but I really enjoy the tech and art talks. When dealing with potentially the largest user base in the world, any "confusion" is the fault of the design and development team for not designing, testing, and redesigning a user-friendly (for whatever that term is worth) system. I used to have a female acquaintance who would complain that "all men are assholes, every guy I've ever dated has ended up cheating on me." I had a male acquaintance who would complain that "all women are bitches, they give me their number and then never answer when I call." They both didn't like it too much when I pointed out that each of them were the common denominators in their respective problems. When complaints about your company's approach to privacy pop up in large quantities, what's the common denominator? Thousands of "confused" users who don't understand that their privacy wasn't violated/isn't really important after all, or one company with a wrong-headed approach to privacy? When faced with frequent failure, it's not the world out to get you, it's your own failure. But when you have an agenda to push, like focusing on attractiveness over maturity or integrity, looking for quick access to sex instead of building relationships, or creating a master database of people's preferences to serve them the most uniquely targeted ads that they will be the most likely to click on because you don't have a real product to sell, then you tend to ignore the signals around you and push blindly through. So what are you saying? That the activists proclivity to believe anything they want and ignore the rest gives Google carte blanche to dismiss the real issue, to lie ("no one was harmed", really? How can you be sure?), and belittle the honest complaints, for the sake of PR? Is there no ethics in PR? Sounds like someone in school administration sat in on the highschool students' reading of 1984 and picked up a few ideas. I find it laughable that he suggests that the solution to this problem is somehow Communism. and that would be why I said "suggests". I don't believe Buzz was a mistake. I think it was a deliberate action that had an unexpected reaction. I think the execs at Google thought that people didn't care as much about privacy as it turned out we actually do. Set disincentives for failing to finish. For example, register the domain name for your project and buy hosting before you finish. This way, you'll have the ticking clock of hosting fees without any revenue from ads to herd you on schedule. I also enlist the help of friends. I tell people about the projects that I want to finish, and I keep them up to date about them. If I slack off, they ask me "so, how's it going on that project?" One friend of mine has agreed to punch me if I don't finish one particular project. What is the deal here, that he used an alter ego at all or that he didn't reveal that he was using an alter ego to InfoWorld? Personally, I don't have a problem with it, even in the latter case. If you're creating an alter ego, you want to protect your real identity. The fewer people who know your real identity, the more protected it is. If we claim to care about technical matters, we should evaluate claims purely on their technical aspects, not on who made the claims (both for positive or negative). This sounds more like "programmers versus cheese-head managers", not "old programmers versus new programmers" 100mph is clearly not "safe and reasonable" for downtown city streets. Your scenario is absurd and not supported by real world experiences. Why can't you compare apples and pears? They're both fruit that grows in trees and they both have similar use culinary purposes. I can make cider out of both, and the results are actually quite similar. I just moved out to Philly from central PA and the drivers out here are driving me nuts. In the 10 years of driving I did back home, I think I saw 1 person run a red light. Today, I'd be lucky if I got to see only at a single stop on my way to work in the morning. I've been here for 4 months and I've already seen two accidents from people running red lights and stop signs. Ah, the Segway. Remember when they were saying it was going to revolutionize travel, and then when it was revealed to be this dorky scooter, everyone let out a collective "oh..."? When I program "because I love it", I want to be programming on projects that I actually love. That typically means "not the ones at work". Getting out of programming as a career doesn't mean I'm not going to stop programming. On the contrary, it means I'll probably end up doing more of the type of programming that I love because I'm not burned out on programming by the end of the day. Profit is not wrong. Profit is not screwing someone. Any freely contracted trade results in a net benefit for both parties. It has to by definition, or else it wouldn't be entered. When someone says ads are "screwing them over", I have to laugh and wonder what kind of life that person leads that annoying ads are considered an atrocity. If you want to see being "screwed over", look no further than our tax code. Our tax code is a system where one does not own 40% of their life, where there is an explicit understanding that anyone above a certain income level is not going to get out of it what they pay into it, where there has become a rational expectation that the money will largely -- to the order of 90% -- be wasted on bureaucratic inefficiency and corruption. In all of the battlefields of life, you choose online advertisements to rail against? Hell, give Sally Struthers a dollar a day already. Wow, I had no idea that human beings were such simple creatures that they could be compelled to purchase goods and services against their best interests by a simple flashing picture. While advertising is primarily persuasive (there is still a significant informative portion of advertising), there's nothing wrong with being persuasive. You're attempting to be persuasive with your replies in this thread. If being persuasive is being unethically manipulative, then we had better stop all debate right now. This is great for the little mom-and-pop coffee shop type place The "home sewing" comparison is false because you pay for the non-exclusive use of a pattern and the materials to produce your own clothing. People who pirate music aren't paying for any use license and aren't creating their own music. hehe, I only clicked on the comments for this thread because I wanted to see if someone would comment on "dead simple" again. A community's culture is the aggregate decision of the members of that community. If users want it to go one way, then why not? If you don't want the users to define their own culture, then don't call it a community, because it's not. Additionally, if you feel HN would be helped by having more posts of a certain type, then start sharing more posts of a certain type! A lot of this is science with computers, not computer science. Dijkstra is often quoted (though no clue if he actually said it) with a similar expression "Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes." Yes, as the others said, the study of different ways to compute. For example, from the article, "The Eyebrowse project is motivated, in part, by the fact that as researchers, we have no idea how people actually use the web." That's not about computation, that's human-computer interaction, which I think of more as applied psychology melded with graphic design. While there are opportunities to advance the field of analyzing large data sets, that's still more in the realm of advanced statistics than computation. Chapter 7 is the best explanation of macros ever. I'm submitting this here because I know some of you folks really get into tough programming challenges. This contest is the epitome of "release fast". You'd be surprised with how much fun a programmer can pack into a game in 3 hours. Full disclosure: I'm the original author on the thread on the other site. A 10% market share company is going to change the face of computing... in a way that everyone has been predicting for the last 15, 20 years? I somehow doubt it. Has it? The iPhone is popular with geeks and rich folk, and mostly only in the US. Last I checked, such people weren't the majority of people. The iPhone has certainly pantsed WinMobile and Palm... but those were pretty easy targets to begin with. They haven't even come close to touching the global Symbian marketshare. Additionally, I tend to ignore writing advice from people who use incomplete sentences. That page was a travesty. edit: I didn't know this was a comment before I posted this, but it does bring up issues with 'blogging in general. this wasn't clear to me from the link provided. edit: actually, this is an excellent demonstration of bad writing -- or rather 'blogging -- on behalf of whomever runs engineerwriting.jottit.com. The post is a straight copy out of another source, with a link to the source, with no explanation of what is going on, no discussion on the material, no value-add in general. This is something that I struggle with in my link-sharing emails to my friends. After literally thousands of link-share emails, it starts to get hard to say something original beyond "I thought this was funny/interesting/etc", which eventually becomes practically worn into my keyboard. But then this is a good indicator to me that maybe the link isn't worth sharing. If I can't come up with something more interesting to say than "this is funny", then I don't need to be wasting my friends' time with it, because they have their own lists of pages that they peruse and they don't need me filling up their inbox with 25 new conversation threads in a single day. Yes, it's solid advice, but it is basic. If we're talking about "engineers", that probably means they have completed a college degree at some point. If an engineer completed a degree and didn't take a technical writing course that drilled these concepts into their heads, then I question the quality of such an engineer's education. I wasn't aware that this was a comment on another piece. Yes, I use less formal grammar in less formal situations. I even experiment in the minimalist form with haiku and other writing. Knowing now that it was a comment makes a little more sense. Without knowing that, it just seemed like lazy writing. Because you deign to waste our time with it. Putting effort into your writing shows that you have respect for your readers. You know, I feel no sympathy for such people. If the reason they don't know how to write "well-enough" is because they cheated their way through college, then they deserve whatever lack of career opportunities they find themselves in. I quit too. "The games at this time were all pretty good. A consumer could go out, buy a game based just on the information printed on the box, and go home and be pretty sure they'd have a good experience." Rose tinted glasses. They still managed to release buggy, downright broken software. It wasn't about quality, it was about control. you don't achieve quality with anti-competitive terms of use, either. Lisp S-Expressions would have worked, and they've been around forever. JSON is basically a more-verbose sort of S-Expression. Well, what's irritating to me is the reason they've had to "rediscover" it: the prohibitions our government imposes on what private individuals do to their own bodies. Personally, I find Zoho.com to be a lot more feature-complete than Google Docs. There are times when the document editor in Google Docs is downright infuriating when trying to get the right formatting, but Zoho just seems to work.