Agreed, and it may be pedantic of me, but I fail to see the Lisp-ness of this; merely using a defun function and a list data structure does not qualify. I realize this is not the forum for this, but hopefully it will serve as a warning to others: the linked article does not scroll on the iPhone (horiz or vert orientation). "Cool" layouts are all fun and games, but usability is king. I am currently in Paris and based on this city (for sure!) and actually a lot of my other international experiences: it seems to be a uniquely American idea that the public sometimes has human needs. I say that kind of tongue in cheek, but to prevent every European from flaming me: I really am trying to understand what the alternative is that other countries are practicing. Drink less? More stamina? Or, as in Sydney: just find a convenient wall? This may not help your particular situation, but I'd urge you to try VLC ( http://videolan.org/ ) since it has awesome support for playing YouTube videos. It requires that you paste the YouTube URL into its "Open Network Stream" dialog, but is otherwise painless. Almost anything has to be better than using Media Player Classic. It probably does not, but probably could: JDownloader ( http://jdownloader.org/home/index?s=lng_en ) claims allow access to the content on those type sites. However, having said that, there are probably clear legal lines between merely making a torrent file for any given content and actively circumventing interstitials. IANAL. I will need you to cite your source on that claim. I have the original Blue, with the chip to which you refer, and can assure you that it is not the same chip as in "chip and pin". It was marketed by Amex with a special RFID-esque reader that was designed to unlock your Amex "password vault" or some such silliness. It was such a flop that the new Amex cards have switched to actual RFID (or similar technology) for use in "Speed Pay" or whatever, in that you need not take your card out of your wallet to buy things at CVS or Whole Foods (for example). My company ( http://guidewire.com/ ) sponsors that work, and our developers have been using the DCEVM for day-to-day work for a couple of months now. It seems pretty stable. I think you're thinking of NaCL ( http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/ ) In contrast, Google Frame is designed to make the deployment hassle for new browsers simpler (user still clicks on "The Internet"). And is community built, so please contribute your CD listings. I don't have any experience with their audio file (MP3, AAC, etc) fingerprinting, but I can tell you it's a great experience to pop in a freshly purchased CD and have MusicBrainz find it. I know that experience comes from some other kind soul having input the CD, so I try very hard to make sure I do the same. I have two comments about that, one idealistic and one pragmatic. If I am not mistaken, the state-centric view taken by the founders was to afford the people a vote-by-shoe-leather system. It literally was: "if you don't like it here, leave" but without the bile. Also, as was mentioned elsewhere in this thread, in order for your interests to "win" in a federally-scoped election, you have to convince a ton more people, who [as members of other states, natch] quite possibly have a very different life situation than you do. In order for your interests to prevail in a state-scoped election, you only have to convince a smaller set of voters who are very likely in your same situation. I hope dearly that Lawrence Lessig succeeds in actually calling a constitutional convention ( http://www.callaconvention.org ), if for no other reason than to strike out your "in theory" qualifier. There are lots of things that Skype "could" fix. The point that I am hearing from the GP is that they do not CHOOSE to fix them. You should see the Skype 5 beta for Windows. What a UI cluster that thing is, and has been for quite some time now. And I just tried Skype for my HTC Desire on 2.1 and yikes, he's right: it's a usability nightmare. And if you think the folks at unrEVOked aren't doing their damnedest to achieve that goal, then I think you're mistaken. However, the reason they don't have that toy (and the same reason another random startup won't) is because the process does carry some non-zero risk and complexity when viewed across the spectrum of all devices. It is my opinion that the risk is only going to get worse over time, given the animosity that hardware manufacturers feel toward the hacker community. Jailbreakme.com is outstanding, but they only had to deal with a small microcosm of hardware/OS tuples (which, if I'm not mistaken, is actually the topic under discussion right now). I'm not an expert in BitTorrent, but in my mental model, aren't you siphoning away seeders from the _official_ Ubuntu trackers by using burnbit? I can appreciate using burnbit for certain behemoth companies that don't normally publish via torrent, but since ubuntu.com actually offers them along-side the isos, this smells counterproductive. I believe that Google agrees with you: http://code.google.com/p/chromium-os/ I mean this in a genuinely inquisitive spirit: is it Walgreen's responsibility to provide such a thing, considering they are just the retail outlet for the device? I would expect that Maylon Group (or whoever is the actual system integrator) is on the hook for publishing customizations. This, along with a thousand other reasons, is why it is so important that the hardware not impose restrictions on what the owner can load on the device. Running custom ROMs is not just for phones, but is for anyone who has special requirements (privacy, speed, specific usage domain, etc). I don't mean this sarcastically, but in the age of VirtualBox (which is not only a great product, but is also FOSS, so it appeals to a large market), why not just install F14 and give it a whirl? That way, you won't be dissuaded by someone else's opinion, and you won't have to explain your metrics to them. Having said that, I mostly agree with the other posters on this thread: Ubuntu is for your "I just want it to work" types, and Fedora is for sysadmin-hackery-types. Also, Pragmatic Programmers is offering the 3rd edition of their Pickaxe Ruby book for USD$10 (paper or ebook) http://media.pragprog.com/newsletters/2010-11-11.html It also says that owners of previous editions get the upgrade for free. I have not yet researched to see if that is their policy across the board, but it's a mighty fine gesture, either way. > Google Adsense? I recognize that you're being downvoted for not actually contributing to the conversation, but I'm going to use your comment as a springboard to make a point that's been bothering me. I have serious doubts about the mobile ad space for the following three reasons. First, what kind of user experience is it to "click" on an ad on your mobile device? I go out of my way not to read actual webpages on the 4" screen, and thus I am certainly not going to try and conduct a learning exercise about your product nor am I going to suffer through typing my payment details to buy something. Second, and I think I recall reading somewhere that an ad platform seeks to change this [maybe they all do!], but chances are that I'm currently using my mobile device for something. Unlike the magic Ctrl-click to open an ad in a new tab, if I were to have a sudden urge to click on an ad, that is going to interrupt whatever it is that I am trying to accomplish right now. Strong disincentive to do anything of the sort. Finally, it has been overwhelmingly my experience that an app which uses an ad network is going to have lag and is going to incur pauses while I am trying to do something on my mobile. Maybe on wifi it's less of a big deal, but the times that I use my mobile on wifi are minimal, otherwise it would be a netbook. I agree with in-app purchases as one of the money-making vehicles for the mobile market. I believe, also, in trial versions and outright purchasing apps based on good reviews. But seriously: can we please skip past trying to replicate the success of the ad networks from the web? This is an awesome idea. Well, let me restate that: this is an awesome geek hack. I posit that this kind of tomfoolery is required because (in my experience) profiling tools are (1) expensive (2) hard to use (3) inaccurate [could be due to #2] or the combination of the preceding. Also, my current employer's tests run in the order of magnitude of hours, and I doubt very seriously that they are I/O bound (or network bound) in the manner that this page discusses. But, again falling back on the "hard to know without tooling", I couldn't state with any confidence exactly what the problem is with the tests, so this may be a great start toward finding out. At the risk of this topic being hijacked by an iTunes-as-music-player debate, one cannot (with a straight face) compare iTunes on Windows to Winamp. I'll grant you that iTunes may be the bee's knees on OSX, but on Windows it is a dog. I actually only recently learned about it. Which makes me wonder if someone "stumbled" upon that, or there is a secret iPhone user's manual that only special people receive. In hindsight, I think that a more "audio scrobber" motion, akin to the way the iPod wheel works, would have been a ton more intuitive. Thank you again, http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ , for making my web browsing experience safe from the onslaught of backgrounds and fonts. I can see why it's a more often requested story; I found that one far funnier than the parent article. At first, I thought that, too. But having seen the way wave works[1], plus the more real-time nature of Waving, I would actually think that instant messaging notifications would align more closely with Wave's goals. One gets XMPP (Jabber) notification for free, and I would bet a Euro that wiring an XMPP server to AIM or (other) is not overwhelmingly hard. 1 = http://www.waveprotocol.org/code/installation Maybe it's because no one (like myself) thought of submitting those kinds of links. Observe: https://github.com/jpallen/clsi http://code.google.com/p/common-latex-service-interface/ http://code.google.com/p/latex-lab/ http://www.verbosus.com/ http://monkeytex.bradcater.webfactional.com/ and the parent article's service edit: formatting I've had nothing but success since I edited /etc/hosts and mapped GA hosts to 127.0.0.1. I loathe that lag which was introduced just so someone can save themselves the trouble of analyzing logs. I have it on good authority[1] that Angry Birds is a native-inclusive app. Also, I wouldn't look down my nose at Dalvik-only apps. The JIT (which, AFAIK, is the target of the litigation) gets pretty close to optimal code the longer it runs - and theoretically games run the same code a lot more than your average application. In fact, my EUR0.02 is that native-inclusive apps (just like any Java apps which rely on native libraries) are worse, in my opinion, because it limits the number of platforms that one can execute the apps upon. And as a huge Linux fan, current Mac user, and user of x64 Windows at work, I can assure you that I get left out in the cold a LOT. It's one level of bad to tie your app only to Windows, which coincidentally includes 90% (last metric I heard) of the world. It's another thing entirely to say, "oh, sorry, your Android isn't the same as my Android: too bad for you." 1 = unzip -l AngryBirds_1.3.5.apk|grep -i \\.so I hope my master's project is something interesting like this. However, my first thought upon reading the title of the link was about the comments that were going to appear here: either "lisp already does this" or "this will never be accepted as a mainstream language because it's too chaotic to the project." Section 4.2.3 answered the question I was searching for: what happens in this hybrid model when an "interior" language fails to parse? It's all fun and games to strap on a new mini langage to your source file, but it's less fun and games when you misplace a paren. I wondered if the entire block threw a parse exception or if the whole file failed to load. It appears based on the skim-read that it's the later. p.s. why is "270 version control commits" an achievement? If you have not yet started the tutorial, click on at least the first one. It's snazzy the FireBug-ish console action they have going on there, and the Bespin/Skywriter editor action, too. If this doesn't show what the next generation of web-app looks like, I don't know what would. It remains to be seen, however, how that model holds up to "real" work - which is the same concern I had about Bespin/Skywriter. > it seems like a reach to call this a Lisp compiler without lambda. I think that's a running gag when implementing "lisp." I can recall seeing some "lisp in javascript" library a while back that also neglected to implement that "minor detail." That was "interesting" in that I like expanding my horizons, but it was a terrible presentation. Plus, it looks like Haskell and I got the impression from his lead-in that he was going to introduce a new language. However, I actually came here to say something else about his material: if it is harder to decompose the business requirement into Haskell than it is to write monkey tests for one's Blub language, I am not certain anyone wins when going with a provably correct implementation. I have seen a lot of friction about this over on some other news syndication sites, so in anticipation of that argument here, I offer the following compromise: If not linked to, perhaps as the first comment following submission? I long for the day that I can set a preference in my browser and it automatically views articles in Readability mode, or rolls-up paginated articles. Reading those forums is the mind death (and I don't just mean psx-scene; almost any php forum seems to be a magnet for senseless commentary). To hopefully reduce the amount of ads and dancing monkeys one needs to endure to follow up on the claim that @baq made, here is page 24 in print mode: http://psx-scene.com/forums/f6/ps3-master-key-found-graf_cho... It is my opinion that this he-said-he-said stuff can only be proven out over time, or by validation from a "calmer" information source. I also chose PRK because I was uncomfortable with the flap, and was willing to risk the painful (and slower) healing process. While I am not your scenario with the 3 days, I would say that one week is a proper expectation, with some deviation one way or the other. The pain (in case no one has mentioned it) is very much like leaving a contact in for too long: it feels like your eyeball has been packed in salt. I mean that in both the extreme dehydration sense, and it occasionally actually feels like salt in your eyes. I had a few instances where it felt like needles in my eyes, and that was my only need to use the prescribed pain medicine. It lasted until I fell asleep from the pain pills. I do hope this doesn't come across as a horror story: I absolutely, with no hesitation at all, would do it again and would use the same doctor. I am _extremely_ happy, and sing the praises, but wanted to ensure it is an informed decision for those who might be weighing the pros and cons. "Better" is always a tricky word. I think that it is likely a matter of what aspects are important to you (aside from those patients who are forced into using, or excluded from using, one technology or the other). I received a comprehensive description from my doctor, and chose PRK because I was not comfortable with "the flap," and I was comfortable that there would be some pain and longer healing time. That was my tradeoff, and I am thrilled with how it turned out. I can't comment on your assertion, but I did want to mention the other unspoken item: the network effect. It doesn't matter one whit that I have a moneybookers account if I can't use it to donate to the projects I support (or buy products, etc) because they are not on moneybookers. And I can assure you that "just signing up" for a money movement service is a _non-trivial_ operation. And its cousin, the Heisenbug [1] full-disclosure: I didn't read the linked article, but can only assume that it's in there. 1 = http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heisenbug#Heisenbug I got into the habit of writing literals first from being bitten one too many times by the (absolutely insane!) semantic difference between "=" and "==". In my day job (working with Java) it's less of a problem, but I switch languages so much in my spare time that it has served me well. I think you meant: http://www.youtube.com/user/googlechrome Two fascinating languages in the same blog post. Excellent reading. Holy cow, could a project have picked a worse name than "Rastafarian"? If one searches for "Rastafarian", you can guess what turns up. But even "Rastafarian pdf conversion" seems to drop the "pdf" and returns lots of results for converting to the Rastafarian religion. Same for "convert". I guess I'll have to go trolling through the mobileread.com forums, but just damn. It may not be that long: "do what you contractually said you would and open the TCK" The rest, I have zero doubt, Apache can handle on their own. My complaint with IRC (and I freely admit that it could be that I am not using the "right" client) is that there is just this sea of text on the screen. There is very little formatting to speak of, and it reminds me of everyone talking at once on a conference call. slighty off-topic: I am proud to say that I was introduced to Wealthfront via HN, and I was so impressed by their engineering blog that I went to their website. And it sounded cool, so I joined. And ever since then, I continue to see some awesome things from them, and so far their investment-matchmaking service has paid off, too. Win-win if I've ever heard one. I have such mixed feelings about Facebook as an engineering company. I think that Facebook is the antithesis of Google's "Don't Be Evil", but I get quite giddy when I read about some of the crazy stuff those folks are pulling off over there. It is quite awesome that parity files can save an organization 4 petabytes of storage. See kids? Stay in school: petabytes matter. Sigh: I say we have a new rule that unless the linkee is a major webserving force, that we systemically use Corel Cache. OB cached link: http://www.ppl-pilot.com.nyud.net/mame.aspx Thanks for posting this @davi. I look forward to reading the full article when it comes back online (the link by @oomkiller is a good start, but I really would like to see the source article). I don't know about everyone else, but reading about these kinds of incidents from the pilot's perspective makes me more confident about flying, not less. I have zero doubt that those folks are professionals. Does mastercard.com process payments? I got the impression that it was just the marketing/corporate presence that was affected. Or that also sounds like a great Chrome extension idea. TLA is mildly interesting, but the "redo" entry is above-average interesting, as is the blog as a whole based on the 10 mins I spent reading it. Thanks: good link. I hope this comes across in the genuinely inquizitive manner that I intend it: isn't that what the four beta releases were designed to do: give integrators and users the time to prepare for the impending release? I suspected as much, but thank you for finding and posting the link. Well, my story is only one data point but I have NEVER gotten the "give as gift" feature to work. I have a US account, and have registered two different credit cards and Paypal but always receive "credit card declined, you must update your account" when trying to gift apps. So I would welcome the give as gift feature actually working as advertised. Having been a "professional expat" for the past several years, I can assure you that it's not that simple. Yes, hearing their stories can bias your decision up or down by a few points. But, just like choosing a Linux distro: you can only know if it's for you if you live in it. There are no ways (that I know of) to successfully quantify what one seeks in a situation, otherwise eharmony.com would have taken over the world. I believe the on-disk is pretty well defined nowadays by their open document promise. However, HTML is a published standard, too, yet every copy of IE renders in its own special way. I think that is a far better analogy of what is expected here. The whole javascript-or-NSAPI dilemma for writing extensions in Chrome is a bit of a drag. There is a PRETTY BIG gap between those two APIs. Mozilla opens more of its guts via XUL and XPCOM than does Chrome, which is probably why toys like Live-Headers and Firebug offer more functionality than one finds in the Developer Tools Console. My EUR0.02. I will also remind our technically savvy readership that they offer BitTorrent downloads, if you wish to save them some hosting costs (and speed up the downloads for your neighbors). Interestingly enough, they offer torrents for the source code, too, but per archive, which is kind of a drag. Transmission and I are seeding until 300%. CMD+down-arrow will also open a file; it makes the most sense when one thinks about it as navigating in Finder using only the keyboard. CMD+up-arrow goes higher, CMD+down goes into the folders, until it gets to a file, in which case it goes "into" the file. Is it short-sighted of me to think that a web presence the size of Amazon would have detection measures in place to notice a brute force attack, or are the so busy that one can hide in the noise? While I don't have any intelligent thing to say about Moonlight and Netflix, I did want to point out that Netflix streams to a ton of disparate hardware (and OSes, including "normal" ones such as OSX). Thus, I get the impression this is a legal problem more than a technical one. What a fascinating entry. I absolutely would not want to debug over IRC, and definitely not using gdb. That is some mad skills. Up one level, BTW, is a discussion about his 20% project at Google working with (or against) clang. Also insightful reading. > I don't care if he taught a cat to fish for tuna I'm going to try and remember that phrase; it sounds like it has 1,001 fun uses. :-) Hey, now ... I bet a lot of banks do it, so it must be okay. :-/ Between that, and mandating short passwords, which a LOT of banks do. :-( Interestingly enough, yesterday ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2183183 ) there was a Show-HN for a website designed to perform textual analysis and render the top few most-relevant sentences: http://www.bookshrink.com/ I tried it on this article, and it was neat, but I realized that part of the reason this is so hard to skim is because of the information density in each sentence. Try bookshrink on it and you'll see what I mean after trying to read its output. Not necessarily: lisp has CLOS and components (if I am correctly understanding both your and their definition). I do agree with the premise that FP feels a lot more agile to me, and thus benefits less from a big design-up-front effort. I'm sorry if this is off-topic, but I have become amazingly addicted to Readability's view of webpages. On topic, switching to the Readability view increased my desire to read the article, because I found it less mentally tiring. However, if I had homework due in the upcoming days, I probably would have archived it into Readability, because I doubt reading it would have presented a lot of immediate value. Thank you for that link. It it overwhelmingly scary and makes me feel as though I did not donate enough to the ACLU and EFF. I often wonder if there is any amount which is "enough." The other comment I have is that I heard him say that one person can win, and can make a difference. However, there are two caveats to that statement: if you can get access to the resources of the ACLU and if your story turns out, in the end, as Nick's did. I don't want to be a wet blanket, but I am painfully aware that for his one story, there are [by his account] 200,000 other stories which did not turn out that way. Maybe they are living happy free lives in Ohio, or maybe they were "disappeared." Do you have python? And a BitTorrent encoding library: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bencode/1.0 ? Then I have something which will help: http://pastie.org/1559062 It conforms to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0019.html and can (of course) be trivially upgraded to conform to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0017.html also. Happy downloading. >>Where the customer service is non-existent: Hi. Any specific problem we can help with? In my experience, "Customer Service" can mean one or both of the following: 1. Actual help to resolve real problems 2. A human voice on the phone to walk you through resetting your computer (or otherwise generally offering moral support) I find that most folks get nervous when #2 is not available, even if they would never use it or it would be unlikely to solve any of their actual problems. The big G does not even pretend, and I think that is possibly to their detriment. > this even works for .html.erb files And ".erb" stands for ...? Assuming they did not want to entirely roll their own impl, I would guess they used the same (code|technique) as Inkscape: http://wiki.inkscape.org/wiki/index.php/Output_format_requir... > "This book needs more cowbell." Funny, I feel that way about most websites ... especially a "website in a box." I feel his pain and I don't even have to implement those specs. I apologize if this is already news, but I only discovered it today. It is exactly what I was looking for when trying to manage the 10TB of HDD space I have, but do not yet have control over it. The submission title is a little bit of a misnomer, as Aperture only uses the ontologies from the semantic desktop ( http://semanticweb.org/wiki/Semantic_Desktop ), but it is close enough for a HN title. I hope others find this enjoyable, too. No, because it enables the user-agent to paginate content before the entire page has even loaded. And presumably the page author knows a priori what the header and footer for the table are going to be, so why not transmit that information to the user-agent as soon as possible? If you examine XSL-FO, they have similar constructs for what I am guessing are similar reasons. This was exactly my answer, before I realized that "webuiarchitect" posted the question 3 times. :-( Thank you, thank you, for posting the print view. One swift backtick and it was ready to read. I believe the poster meant "Command-X" on a file , not on text. In all other graphical shells, if I wish to move a file from one place to another, I do not have to have two separate windows open. Maybe Apple doesn't view this as a problem, but if you come from an OS that permits it, you miss it under OSX. It is especially weird given that CMD-c/CMD-v does work in Finder, just not CMD-x. That leads me to believe that it was intentionally omitted for some bizarre reason. Yup, handy of them to label that functionality, eh? Relevant: http://code.google.com/p/phantomjs/ is a headless browser based on WebKit I don't have any hands-on experience with it, but if one were to go down the path you just described, that project would likely be a great start on that journey. IMHO, not even in the same universe of playability, and if they insist on using the same music as they used in the trailer, I would actually grin while deleting it. I likely will not be surprised by whatever they release. I will be genuinely surprised if anything comes of it. This news strikes me in the same way as a headline proclaiming "US Congress is beholden to special interests" or such. I guess it's good in that we will have something concrete to which one can refer when trying to convince the friends and family to join a credit union. As an aside, I haven't had a similar experience as you have with Ekiga. I would not recommend it for my family members, for example. Don't forget that Skype's UX is only one fraction of why people like or don't like Skype. The codec they use is often vastly superior for "normal people" situations than even commercial SIP clients, or the WebEx-es of the world. I don't doubt that the Skype network topology has something to do with it, but I am (perhaps erroneously) lumping those features together for the purposes of this discussion. Wow, I had forgotten about some of those. Nice reminder. I actually played around with FreeVMS, but I am too young to have ever experienced one in the wild, so after I successfully booted it, I was then stuck. :-/ I have not dabbled with JNode in many, many years, but I find it especially amusing that one of their upcoming release goals is to "use less memory." :-) Speaking of composeable grammars, if you were not already aware JetBrains (maker of the wholly incredible, and now Open Source, IntelliJ) has a language platform which is targeting just that kind of thing. They call it Meta Programming System ( http://www.jetbrains.com/mps/ ) and it is also Open Source. Be forewarned that MPS is almost a closed system. One must develop the grammar only in MPS (no textual grammar to speak of), and the editor for the language described by that grammar is then defined using this bizarre form-layout language (also edited in MPS). One cannot (that I am aware of) take the newly created MPS system for that language and point it at your favorite source code text file. It does have a seemingly powerful code generation system, so it might be possible to generate the textual grammar if you were so inclined. However, the text generator also uses a bizarre language so that is likely more pain than one would wish to endure. The advantage of a system such as that is that there is only The One True Brace Style(tm) because the "braces" and other punctuation are merely icons to please the eye; they are not "editable" like in Emacs. And to save you the trouble of looking, part 1 of 2 is here: http://marakana.com/forums/android/general/269.html 1. PayPal doesn't have a corporate motto of "Don't be evil" 2. We have existing data for the big G via their Google Payments I have long held the opinion that Scribd should go the way of ExpertSexChange and be purged from educated discussions. However, IIRC, that debate was raised here before and there were users who enjoyed the services provided by both of those websites. Thus, I should not expect their demise anytime soon. I have not [yet?] read the linked article, but my first reaction to this headline was: yes, especially if your page doesn't render 50ms after the page title appears in my browser's tab. Interestingly enough, I experience most of that kind of lag due to loading off-site resources, such as Google Analytics and "share this" link crap. I admit am probably more curmudgeonly than most about that kind of thing; I don't want fancy wooshings and crazy rounded corners on the tables. I want the page to load fast and use readability as its design motivation. (You kids get off my lawn) Did you notice that the linked page cited the full URL right below the Scribd rendition of it? http://www.ext.colostate.edu/conferences/ace-netc/lindgaard.... I would love to know if Kayak is one of those "you push to production on your first day" kind of places. The intersection of those two practices (the 7 day recruitment and hit-the-ground-running) could make for some amazing team velocity improvements. IIRC, the traditional way around such legal ambiguity is for the project to offer a configuration variable akin to "input your favorite private key here." If the user is in a country which permits use of the AirPlay key, great, if not then the project can continue to operate as before. Either way, the project is indemnified because /they/ didn't provide the key. "Faster" is not the holy grail metric. Standard compliance and well-thought-out interoperability are high on my list. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to use a dog of a browser, either, but in modern times with dual-core this and 8GB that, one would probably have to actually work at it in order to have a genuinely slow browser. That's pretty funny: giving a sold out talk and then feigning surprise that it ends up in the geek news outlets. I believe the subtlety there is that the RIAA represents the interests of their corporate members, which almost wholly differ from the artist's interests. I also believe that is one of the main reasons they are labeled as "the boogieman," in addition to some pretty boneheaded PR moves. While I agree with what you said, and with the spirit of OSM, be aware of the "network effect" here. Which would you rather have: a million people contributing to (AFAIK) the most widely used online mapping tool, or one hundred people contributing to a more liberally licensed tool? I read somewhere that all Google products are merely a delivery vehicle for AdSense. With that perspective in mind, Google Maps is not designed to advance the state of online mapping, nor does it have any interest in referring folks to another website. I realize that sounds a little conspiratorial, and for that I am sorry, but I mean it in a "for your consideration" kind of way. I don't know if you were asking a rhetorical question, but my opinion is that if you were in court under those circumstances, it's likely you are going to jail. If the FBI finds out you talked, you will be jailed [as I presume that's the threat]; if the court finds out you lied, you will be jailed for perjury. Only if you perjure yourself but don't get caught will you escape. I don't get the impression this was posted for its "hotness," but rather for its nostalgia. Well, partially nostalgia and some HN readers may have never seen an 8086 before in their lives; so in that way, it's a history lesson, too. If you knew it as "SIP Communicator" before, they have undergone a name change to reflect the increase in scope of functionality from "just SIP" into "communications powerhouse." They really describe a lot of audio, video and screen-sharing functionality built-in. The interview is quite interesting as it covers a wide range of applications for a full-featured, Open Source client such as Jitsi. Also, FWIW, I was genuinely surprised by how well it ran and looked on OSX, given that it is a Java app. Forgive my inexperienced question: Is this something you could take to Kickstarter? I have seen some absolutely innovative projects such as yours appear on Kickstarter, but I have no insight into whether it is a good idea for both parties. In short, I guess I would ask: is YC the only path to greatness? I believe Coral CDN ( http://coralcdn.org/ ) is a superior way of surviving a front-page placement on HN. AFAIK, all page assets are cached with Coral, not just the page as GoogleBot sees it. In this particular case it probably didn't matter as much, but for your consideration, anyway. While I detest PayPal, and it makes me livid that any company places upper-bound (and/or character) restrictions on passwords, I did want to mention that Yubico provides a two-factor authentication key which works with PayPal: http://yubico.com/VIP I don't have any stake in either company, but I was glad when Google rolled out 2-factor and I am especially glad to be able to finally use 2-factor for safeguarding my money. FWIW, I believe the idea is to segment the network so you are sharing your bandwidth, but not your "home network." A closer analogy would be letting strangers use the outhouse on your property, but not letting them in the house. The router used by Numericable here in France offers a "guest WiFi" connection out of the box. It is not enabled by default, mind you, but it is available nonetheless. FWIW, one can link directly to a time in a YouTube video using #t=8m tacked on the URL. More information: http://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?hl=en... May i ask what your argument is for requesting this? I didn't realize that there was no "pass through" contact link, so maybe that should be the target of your request. I don't know enough about FB apps to know if this is under your control, but I am presented with the following annoying message when I follow that link: > Sorry! We can't display this content while you're viewing Facebook over a secure connection (https). I am wary of FB apps to begin with, since they are so viral, and switching off https doesn't make me feel more confident. Do you mean "guest wifi" meaning one need not enter a WEP key, or do you mean "open wifi" like is being discussed here? Because it is my understanding from reading the EFF page that they want the Starbucks model (open network and gratis connectivity), which differs from my experience with SFR/Orange/Neuf etc which are revenue-sharing deals [in my experience]. Even Netgear(? or perhaps D-link) in the US shipped access points with some kind of silly revenue-sharing situation. This attitude comes up again and again when PayPal is in the news for doing something (ignorant/unpopular), but those who utter such statements fail to understand the power of the network effect. If you wish to buy something and the seller only accepts PayPal, then good luck with your boycott. In my experience, the larger the retailer, the more infinitesimal the chance that they will "listen to reason" and consider accepting an alternate form of payment. Oh, and did I mention eBay has this affinity for PayPal? From reading the article, and especially the interesting comments thereon, it seems this problem is half a bogus "language" specification and half that the unwashed masses are inputting any damn thing they like and Wikipedia accepts it. I suppose this is one of the knobs that must be tuned to balance between reproducible I/O and turning away meaningful contributions from the community. Without actually trying that code, my guess is that unlike a formal "table", those 3 div tags will have different page-wrap behavior (e.g. not intra-div, but the wrapping of the div elements with respect to the screen width). That may not appear to be a big deal, but try loading that page on a mobile device and it will become a bigger deal. If true, that is hysterical. Turns out, the taliban (et al.) is just as hypocritical as the republicans. Nothing new under the sun, eh? I donate to them and think this effort is outstanding for a number of reasons. Having said that, I keep holding my breath for them to offer a mechanism for attaining course credits through something like OCW. In my humble opinion, if Jane Hacker can demonstrate competency over the material, then she should receive transferrable credits for that accomplishment. In that way, OCW will not only bring education to developing nations, but it would seriously increase the level of education available to Small Town, USA, too. There are plenty of folks in small towns who go to a community college because they want to get their core classes out of the way before paying the Big Bucks for their state college or university. Am I totally off base here or what? I came to say what @rbanffy said about the 360 being a terrible thing to introduce into a school environment, and to add that Apple's usual giveaway is an iPod, which in contrast actually could help in school. As a lay-person, I am at the intersection of "wow, that's insanely cool" and "are you guys just making this up for more research grants?" Thank you for that. About 6 minutes in, one can see the scale of the rocket as someone is welding on a fin. The launch videos linked above do not properly convey the scale, and I was surprised at how big it actually was. Do you have links where one can read more about the submarine? It was my understanding that (for a lot of the steps) it does not matter what mechanism you use, so long as you use the same one. The problem you are addressing would matter if someone were trying to query TinyEye's database without submitting the image to TinyEye's servers. I doubt that it is a lack of "seriousness" which is keeping Bing, Blekko, DDG, et al. from providing competition to Google. It feels to me that the theme of this year for me has been "the network effect," because it just keeps reappearing in my life. Further, the very fact that those other search engines exist is cause for you to take your advertising absorption orbs away from Google if you disagree with their business practices. Voting with your dollars is the basis of the free-market economy, as I understand. I pay via Readability and ( while I'm no expert) I think that is a good balance between the content producers need to feed their kids and my aversion to irrelevant ads. Yes, you just learned the very thing that is under debate here: that unless your mom trolls though HN discussions, she would never guess that opening a web browser and navigating to that cryptic URL is the mechanism for installing a printer. Oh, sorry, I left out the "click shit" part. Do some of that, too. I believe most, if not all, of MSDN now supports user-contributed content alongside the API refs. Thus, it would serve your fellow developers if you were to annotate the lacking documentation with (1) example code or (2) pointers to the blog postings that you found. It reminds me of the old joke: Microsoft knows about cross platform code, as some of their stuff runs on WinXP and Vista Was it only Quake that had such extensive modding capabilities, or was it Duke also? In short, if they stick to the spirit of games from that time, then user content will show up and you'll both get your wish. That's actually a very crafty idea. I actually would have thought that the breathing cycle was more disruptive to a shot than the pulse. I have also wondered if there is a place in that area for the use of gyroscopes. I can't remember if it was a news article or a novel, but my recollection is that shooting from helicopters employed gyros. > I can get OSX to do quite literally everything from the keyboard, I call foul on that one. Perhaps if you said "I can get OSX to eventually do everything from the keyboard". I say that because of the 9 menu items showing for Chrome right now (if one includes the Apple), I can get to exactly one of them using Ctrl-F2. If I wanted to jump to the History menu, it is Ctrl-F2 followed by five right-arrow presses. If I were on Windows, I bet a Euro it would be alt-H or some such. I just get annoyed at people who think that an option to turn on tabbing onto controls and to hotkey onto the Apple menu (or the dock) somehow equates with the incredible keyboard-friendliness of some other OSes. Oh, this article is about Groupon and Livingsocial. I thought it was going to be about DealNews et al. I am actually interested in the eventuality of caffeine (which they did mention) causing adrenal depletion. Those findings would apply even more violently to a more violent stimulant such as amphetamine. I agree with their idea that one can get a spurt of willpower (and brainpower in general, in my experience) from a stimulant but the crash can be debilitating. I had no idea. Thank you for this! Turns out, it works for the newly expanded submenu also. Still more typing, but a vast improvement. It does if one taps the Alt key, IIRC. Same for Firefox 4 (onward). No, and that was my complaint. The post by pdhborges below enlightened me that one can use letters after pressing Ctrl-F2, but it is still quite awkward and I believe it is disruptive to flow. As someone who has to endure the results of NIH, I want to say that such thinking is a poison to the industry. I wish that, if someone is overcome by the vapors of the NIH disease, such a person would confine their reinvention of the wheel to their personal time and not introduce such silliness to the workplace. Of course, I wish for lots of things. I enjoyed reading the Wired article about a black-hat[1] and hope that after all this silliness is over, that we will be treated to another similarly good story. 1=I don't have the url, and it isn't important anyway Sounds suspiciously like it is image heavy (which is understandable in a book about computer vision). I would be curious what the size would be if one used ePub. I really love the "selectable rendering engine" in the menus. It is a bit quirky when trying to switch back and forth, but seems to switch okay from the one used to render the page into the one of your choosing. Also, it was via this release that I learned about the .exe.local directory. There is a "iepreview.exe.local" directory which evidently supersedes the DLL search path (and that is probably how they are able to package all the render engines in a "live" copy of Windows). If anyone else didn't know about Public-Key Stenography, this paper[1] showed up almost everywhere in the search results. It is heavier on the math than I would like for my "wha?" level curiosity, but given the audience here it may be a hit. 1 = http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~biglou/pubkeystego.pdf It is my cursory understanding that 1. the government will not be able to identify "secret" transmissions from normal ones and 2. it only requires the participation of one hop along the route to succeed. Given that my path from Paris to wikipedia.org is 18 hops [excluding my immediate upstream hop], that is a pretty big swatch for hiding "compliant" ISPs. It is my understanding that Tor has defined entry points into the network. This mechanism obscures the diversion point even from the requesting user. It claims to have the added advantage that traffic is not provably subversive, unlike connecting to a Tor network which in and of itself raises suspicions. There are no positions which are good enough to complete such a form. Like a poster mentioned elsewhere: the interview process is also a strong indicator of the internal atmosphere, too. I don't want to work for any company which believes such a form is a good idea. For me, it's not the syntax errors that get me, it's the semantic ones. Oddly enough, I find that to be true when writing Java, also. That is the first time I've seen WebGL: what a mess . Don't get me wrong, I'm certain there is a segment of this community and the web-dev population at large that is thrilled by its standardization, but yikes. I didn't know about duck.com. Does anyone know the story behind that? Between yesterday's news about Download.com and my increasing cynicism, seeing a badge that says "No spyware, No adware, No viruses" strikes fear into my heart. Also, it is helpful to note that it appears to be an alpha release of the 2.01 series, which is even more incentive for me to wait for an official URL. I have some reservations about upgrading the Market app in my CM7.0.3; that strikes me as "plumbing" software, in the same way that I would not update com.android.dialer. Are my concerns founded or is it just inexperience raising its voice? Thank you, that was very helpful and informative. While I agree with you whole-heartedly, I am starting to suspect that ship has sailed. The only weapon I feel I currently have in that war is iReader or Readability. I have given some consideration to "mining" .swf objects, but it is not currently a big enough pain point to further pursue that effort. Oh, I take that back: the "mobile" version of many websites is also nice since they are (usually) more content-oriented and less dancing monkeys. I fear that, too, may change but for the time being it works well. I played around with this framework this afternoon and it's pretty slick. I am especially fond of the examples that it ships with, which include, but don't stop at, the ubiquitous calculator. It suffers from Yet Another Build System syndrome but it's a minor inconvenience compared to the gains from the actual software. I am so scared that this mythical new tablet will use a glossy screen, just like almost every other color tablet out there. I say soft prayers at night that Amazon will build on the readability of the Kindle's screen and make their new device have that same soft matte finish. FWIW, my copy of Parallels 6 has a "Download Chrome OS" in its File menu. Last time I tried it, after some delay I was met with a functional copy of Chrome OS (I don't even recall having to answer any questions). You may find http://www.diffbot.com/ handy for Freefall. I have not played with it a lot, but its claim to fame seems to fit your need. I agree with your premise, but I would like to point out that there is often a significant delay between clicking on a .dmg download and there being some action. I know that I am unlikely to sit idly and watch the download progress-bar; I'm far more likely to switch to some other tab or other application. And then, since my focus is elsewhere, we have returned to the focus stealing situation. Yes, that "beginner's mind" is an invaluable thing. It is true in life as well as in business. I have found that the ability to "revert" to beginner's mind is a skill which I believe can be mastered with practice, and thus improved. Also, thank you for taking notes and for being aware of that situation. I believe the world is a better place when people engage in those behaviors. Their website demonstrates a Qt GUI, as well as a web interface. What would, in your opinion, constitute a "real" Windows port? There are burnbit links for at least the two 64-bit ISOs: http://burnbit.com/torrent/177079/WindowsDeveloperPreview_64... http://burnbit.com/torrent/177080/WindowsDeveloperPreview_64... I get what you're saying, but want to remind you that this kind of math is a skill just like juggling or swallowing swords. Just because some folks train more in web applications, ORM, crazy legacy file formats, whatever, does not automatically make them less of a software engineer. I also quite often draw the distinction between "programmers" and "software engineers", with "computer scientists" sometimes being their own category, and sometimes a subset of the first two. I suppose I did not place the same emphasis on "great" as you did. Alternatively, I couldn't name a "great" Windows UI offhand, anyway. However, my experience is that some Qt apps on Windows behave normally, and depending on the application (but in this case, especially just the need to manage torrents) a web UI works just fine and avoids the waste of developer hours fighting against the local platform's quirks. For my enlightenment, what do you consider as an example of a great Windows UI? Is it common practice for a corporation to release code via one user's Github account? I would expect that if Twitter were open-sourcing something, it would show up as something like https://github.com/twitter/storm (that link is 404, to save you the trouble). What a fascinating site. It also could be used as an Apple advertisement (he said, writing on a MBP 17"). :-) I often wonder what the disadvantage is of moving to an existing, established, understood and already tooled language (such as the ActionScript family) if one is seeking to migrate away from a legacy language such as JavaScript. Now I am using ActionScript to make a point, since I have not yet programmed in it to be able to address how much Dart does or does not mimic the AS syntax. Is ActionScript "type-optional" as with Dart? One can also argue that VBScript is not tooling-friendly. I am talking a little out of school, since I have never had to use VB.net; it could be wholly different. But I have had my fair share of VBScript interactions and those were not fun (Microsoft-isms aside). It's rare that you can find candid descriptions of what it's like to work somewhere.... since Steve felt free to be candid, I figured I'd share my experiences. FWIW, I believe this is the exact kind of thing that glassdoor.com wants to hear. I don't think "self-hosted" means what you think it does, given that the "Source" tab links to https://github.com/gitlabhq/gitlabhq I wonder if I am just bitter, but it feels to me like the problem is not in the availability of software. Even this page on HN summarizes many open source or well-thought-out LMS packages. There seems to be some kind of bad intersection between bureaucracy and apathy (each individual institution scoring higher or one or the other, usually). Alternatively, the less bile-filled version says that it is closer to the old adage: "no one got fired for buying IBM." =~ s/IBM/BlackBoard/. Don't forget that the Google ecosystem is not just the "@gmail.com" or "@googlemail.com" domains. There are tons of deployments of Google Apps for Domains, wherein one authenticates using the DNS domain[1] of the hosted system, not via the "traditional" Google credentials. I could be misunderstanding your concern, however, since the vanilla Apps for Domains does store the credentials in a Google controlled machine, AFAIK. I cannot speak to whether there are any customizable authentication options available with Apps for Domains. 1 = and thus creates a new namespace for usernames I was previously unaware of "AFFS+" screens, and I didn't find a lot of visuals on them. However, I did come across a Flickr set which claims to be a set of photos of an AFFS+ screen outdoors (which is 50% of my interest; the other is whether it is available in a matte display). http://www.flickr.com/photos/51608380@N05/sets/7215762661863... I think the analogy is a little misleading, considering that the IE family is "choose one" but the JVM permits independent installations (most JVM products have gone so far as to just ship with the JRE bundled with their product). I suspect that even the ISS would still pose some significant logistical hurdles for such a long experiment involving so many people. I don't know anything about the physical setup of the on-Earth "shuttle", but I would hope it is larger than the crew quarters onboard the ISS (for sanity's sake). The trade-off, I guess, is that the simulation becomes more real when one incorporates the very real dangers of space. Yes, but on a page discussing a font ? I completely get the reason why code blocks were first introduced in these comments, but think the "int " versus "int " discussion is offtopic. Also, please don't forget that Fedora is available via BitTorrent: http://fedoraproject.org/en/get-fedora-all As a pedantic observation, it is far more likely you observed the normal Linux boot-up process, which sometimes hangs due to a sub-process waiting on a network event or fsck. It would surprise me if such a device had a kernel panic. I see this a fair bit and wonder if moving the arrows further apart (formally by PG or using GreaseMonkey in the interim) has been discussed? I don't have any down arrows, otherwise I would post code instead of just a suggestion. I absolutely would love to see the arrows resized when viewing using a mobile device. In my experience, it is usually an environmental assumption that is mismanaged rather than the "source code" itself being broken. Whether that is failure to check for a dependency, failure to document a dependency or failure to clearly specify which specific version of a dependency is required. And the pain of autotools is a completely separate chapter in describing how "my" environment can differ from "theirs." All of that just goes to show that state management is _the_ hardest part of software. Here is hoping for you to have even half of the marketing juggernaut of that other pig game :-) Isn't that the definition of a patent? FWIW, it appears the project also provides an Android application: http://sourceforge.net/projects/tunesviewer/files/Android/ I tried it on my HTC Desire (Cyanogedmod 7.1.0) and the search function in the app turned up the Harvard statistics class immediately. I hope those accounts below who lamented that they were on their Android tablets see this link. Sheesh, can we not catch a damn break? I didn't read the brief because I don't speak Legalese, but if it is true I cannot fathom what the thinking was behind such a decision. Why did you link to the blog when the actual story is here: http://edition.cnn.com/2012/01/23/politics/rand-paul-tsa/ind... ? I was expected the article to discuss how much the HDD on your machine thrashes (and the fans sound like a jet engine) from scanning every .class and .jar file on your machine, of which there are usually tens of thousands. And I wish I had a Euro for every client site we've had to manage where some javascript scanner thinks it's so smart and drags the performance of a web-app to a crawl. Oh, please, no. I already hate the chimes and beeps and twiddles that echo around the office. The very last thing in the world I want is to have it filled with the previous sounds and "computer: open file january report" And, personal preference aside, there is no way that I can speak the _commands_ as fast as I can type them. For long paragraphs of natural prose, voice recognition is okay; for specific things, not so much. > Let's not forget the big core library which you need to implement if you want it to be usable at all Wouldn't one just point the translator/compiler to whatever Ruby's equivalent is of /usr/lib/python2.7 and let it be "turtles all the way down"? As a pedantic note, I wonder if the cap is measured from your cable modem or access to and from the Internet. Because if it's the latter (ever how unlikely) then a P2P protocol could make a difference. I mean this in all honesty: how do you know that? There is also http://soundserum.com/ which features a ton of creative commons licensed music (3.5GB of it, based on the torrent they provide). "Can you imagine George Washington or Thomas Jefferson going to the airport and saying, `Go ahead and stick your hand down my pants. I need to get where I'm going'?" Ivory contends that Americans are slowly being conditioned to "just submit" to the feds. "Our liberties are being conditioned away," he told the Deseret News. I have mixed feelings about that lead-in argument. I agree with it in the sense that I am painfully aware of the erosion of liberties and rights. I donate heavily to the ACLU and EFF for that exact reason. On the other hand, the hypothetical George Washington and Thomas Jefferson quoted are just about right. How early, exactly, should I leave for my flight in order to stand up for my rights and still get where I need to go? Even an Alaskan Representative was barred from her flight. And I, lowly non-lobbyist-wielding citizen, stand what chance? These PayPal chumps are getting on my last nerve. Last time I checked, American Express does not prohibit me from purchasing any book or magazine I choose. I fail to understand why PayPal believes it has the right to assert those kinds of restrictions [barring the pedantic answer of "it's in their ToS"]. The only guess I have is that this is somehow tied into the US government's recent attempt to crack down on Things It Does Not Like&trade; by choking off their money supply. In that case, sign up at https://ScraperWiki.com/ and put your passion to good use! Am I the only one who finds the intermixture of video and text distracting [in the "read online" version, I haven't tried the .epub]? Maybe I'm too old school, but I find the context switch jarring when I am reading and click for the next segment, and am met with more A/V. I have different mechanisms for ingesting content, almost in a "introspective" versus "extraspective" distinction (study time versus lectures highlight this distinction). Thank you for the fix, thank you for the quick response, and thank you for putting your content online. I hope it proves to be a catalyst for the next great idea. I bet your co-workers loved you. Is there a demand for electronics/computers/etc within the general population of Spain? I get the feeling that electronics and computers (outside of the work environment, anyway) are not important to Parisians. That would explain why things are expensive here: there isn't a high demand for those items. However, in the startup-Ireland discussion, the very discussion was about startups, who I would think are the kind of people that would want fast computers and the associated peripherals. So there should be high demand in Dublin, but based on the websites I checked, my "flip the currency sign" metric still holds. I would think "leakedBin" would have been a better name, given its source of data. ;-) What is the significance of the "E-Mail Headers", such as http://www.leakedin.com/2012/03/17/potential-leak-of-data-e-... ? There are sales taxes, which vary wildly by jurisdiction: from 0% to I believe 10 or 12%. And you are correct, they are not ever presented in the listed price (which is a huge irritant). Due to a quirk of the Constitution, buying online usually falls under "interstate commerce" and is therefor excluded from sales tax. FWIW, forum.xda-developers.com and phone modding forums like it often use cyberlocker services, usually for the same reason: you have a lot of folks who want a file, you don't want the forum software to have to deal with the traffic and you certainly don't want to have to email it to everyone who asks. You do realize that telling HN is not an appropriate way to have that bug fixed, right? I know lots of Googlers hang out here, but your comment is buried pretty deep. > it would be nice to have something with all the power of XSLT and with a lighter syntax That thing you are looking for is XQuery ( http://www.w3.org/TR/xquery/ ) and it is fantastic . Don't be fooled by the name: it can produce content, too. I feel that "completely useless" is a bit harsh. For one thing, it is damn near ubiquitous (when one has a system that is already trafficking in XML). That blog has some of the weirdest spam comments I think I've ever seen. I can understand posting links to "lowest cost shoes" or whatever the current spam fad is, but I can't recall ever seeing that much lorem ipsum. I didn't check, so maybe there is a hyperlink hiding in the text somewhere. I hope they will at least look at XUL to try and understand what is good and what is suboptimal in that space. This sounds like a great thing (less C++ means wider availability of potential developers), but I will be really sad for my industry if QML ends up running into the same landmines that XUL has already uncovered.