I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble. Virtually all drugs come out of an NIH-funded lab, but so do a huge number of other drugs and therapies that don't work. The vast majority of things that come out of research labs have no hope at making it past a phase 1 trial. The drug companies do a lot of R&D to validate the ideas of drug discovery teams and to test for side effects. They spend incredible amounts of money on this, much more than the labs that initially proposed the drug. The soft core approach has many advantages, but FPGA companies have dropped the ball on single-unit (hobbyist) sales. Chips that cost $1000 from a distributor cost 1/10th to 1/100th the price when you have a relationship with the manufacturer, mostly because distributors can't sell them very quickly and have to keep a ton of stock to have the SKUs you want. On a modern FPGA, processor clocks of 200-300 MHz are possible to get with designs that aren't huge. C2H is terrible for the employee and you should know that, as a professional headhunter. Negotiating your salary upfront is likely going to give you the best deal you can get. Don't kid yourself into thinking that you can "show your value" to improve your negotiating position. Your first few months on the job are usually when you are at your lowest performance, since you are learning the company's processes. That is your trial period. You are in your best negotiating position when the company needs you more than you need them, and that is absolutely NOT after doing contract work for them for a while. Once you're at the point of converting, if you get a lowball offer, the contract position is a black mark on your resume that hurts your negotiating position with other firms. That said, I would be happy to do C2H if the following conditions were met: * Signing bonus paid in full at point of signing the contract, with no clawback. * Full health coverage during the contract portion (extra money plus the option to buy from their plans). * Severance pay at full salary for at least 6 months if you choose not to convert. * Non-exclusivity during the contract period (I can do other work if I want, and you don't own any IP I produce other than what I produce explicitly for you). I think this is sufficient to equalize the negotiating disadvantage that I get for taking the contract. I don't think any of your clients would go for it. I think the word 'learnings' comes to software companies from India. A company I worked at didn't use the word until an Indian senior manager came on, and then everyone started talking about 'learnings.' Conversely, I have heard it used in conversational English between people from India. There are plenty of other English words that work in context where you might use 'learning', like 'lesson', 'insight', or 'takeaway'. 'Learning' just encapsulates them all without nuance. Higher speeds mean less time wasted in cars, so presumably more time to work Twitter allowed the NY Times to post about Trump's tax returns after they were leaked by an IRS employee: https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1310474354967359489 The official policy appears to be flexible when the leaked supports Twitter's political opinions. Many of the immigration restrictions in america started around the time the first welfare programs were introduced. Before that, it was a bit of a free for all. I don't know if the same pattern holds anywhere else, but I'm suspicious that might not be a coincidence. Intel had some heat problems when they tried this. The FPGAs weren't able to use their heat budget dynamically, and as a result, the whole SiP had bad performance. Altera Stratix V FPGAs actually had more market share than Virtex 7s. They were better chips. That said, the production delays around Arria 10 and Stratix 10 and the time lag caused by the Intel acquisition totally killed their market position. The only reasons to use Intel FPGAs now are (1) 64-bit floating point support or (2) if your Intel salesman gives you a really good deal. Beyond the GCC/LLVM, you also really need a standard library. Nobody is talking about that. Today, if you want a std::map on an FPGA, you have to either pay $100k or build it yourself. That's untenable. It's a mess. School kids really should learn the US constitution, but somehow that doesn't sink in and the pop culture does. People honestly didn't think Alexander Hamilton was an important figure until "Hamilton" came out. Then they rely on media to tell them everything. Usually that's fine when it's straight factual news, but there's been a lot of spin in the news recently. Supposedly, in knowledge work like programming, the distribution follows a pareto distribution: for n people, sqrt(n) produce half the productive output. I used to play the harpsichord, whose keys are about 3-5 mm narrower than piano keys. I have huge hands with big fingers, so it was a challenge at first, but after a week it felt normal. I doubt that smaller piano keys will be much different. The baroque harpsichord literature is riddled with 12ths and fast 10ths for this reason. The keys are smaller than piano keys, so it isn't be a problem to hit them. Most of the time, jumps like that are done by touch. You often need to look at something else like the music, the other hand, or the conductor. Serious question: Who suffers at the hands of Mastercard? These are all really good points, but there's some nuance missing in this view. There is actually a fairly narrow slice of the financial world that you don't like, specifically central banking and fiat currency. Currently, crypto traders are busy learning that all the rest of the financial world, including things like credit and financial derivatives (encapsulated in smart contracts), can still apply to cryptocurrencies. Things like consumer credit and fractional reserve banking will show up in crypto soon (if they haven't already). It's just a matter of trusted entities offering specific smart contracts. The one thing I really dislike about most crypto is the traceability: unless you use privacy coins (which themselves have dubious security claims), every transaction is 100% traceable. Honestly, I think the only real solution is to sue these accusers for defamation. If there's actual evidence that you are racist, then you can just take your lumps and don't respond to them. However, if you want to accuse someone of racism, you better have evidence of you're going to pay. Zen 2 has has 8-wide issue in many places, and Ice Lake moves up to 6-wide. Intel/AMD have had 4-wide decode and issue width for 10 years and I'm glad they're moving to wider machines. Edited "decode" to "issue" for clarity. AMD CPUs are very hard to fully utilize with a single thread, and Intel has always held the single-thread perf crown. Most high-performance use cases are multi-threaded now, so the single-threaded performance delta isn't that significant. The Apple chip is really built for running a snappy GUI: in most of those cases, you need to run ~1M instructions super fast on one thread for a short time. Intel has historically had the crown on this metric, but not any more with all of their problems. The Intel ISA has some very powerful instructions that allow it to keep performance up, but unfortunately decoding n x86 instructions involves doing a number of things that are O(n) in latency and O(n^2) in chip area/power - both instruction boundary detection and micro-op scheduling (since instructions can emit more than one uop) are included here. This isn't too bad when n is 4, but it has stressed both AMD and Intel's capabilities to make it to 8, and I don't think anyone would ever seriously consider building a 16-wide x86 machine. Once memory and I/O buses get fast enough to feed a 16-wide general-purpose computer, x86 as an architecture is in trouble. They have quietly gotten fast enough to feed an 8-wide machine. LPDDR4 very quietly took the speed crown from DDR4 due to the fact that the signal integrity problems are less demanding (soldered vs DIMM being the standard interface), and it looks like the DDR interface may be near the end of its useful life. Transceiver-based memory modules using standards like CXL and CCIX may be the long-term fix to the problems of DDR4. In the short-term, those are going to hurt, but long-term they should be a lot better. https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 The actual instruction decoder is 4-wide. However, the micro-op cache has 8-wide issue, and the dispatch unit can issue 6 instructions per cycle (and can retire 8 per cycle to avoid ever being retire-bound). In practice, Zen 2 generally acts like a 6-wide machine. Oh, on this terminology: x86 instructions are 1-15 bytes wide (averaging around 3-4 bytes in most code). n-wide decode refers to decoding n instructions at a time. I have usually heard the top-line number as the issue width, not the decode width (so Zen 2 is a 6-wide issue machine). Most instructions run in loops, so the uop cache actually gives you full benefit on most instructions. On the Apple chip: I believe the entire M1 decode path is 8-wide, including the dispatch unit, to get the performance it gets. ARM instructions are 4 bytes wide, and don't generally need the same type of micro-op splitting that x86 instructions need, so the frontend on the M1 is probably significantly simpler than the Zen 2 frontend. Some of the more complex ops may have separate micro-ops, but I don't think they publish that. One thing to note is that ARM cores often do op fusion (x86 cores also do op fusion), but with a fixed issue width, there are very places where this would move the needle. The textbook example is fusing DIV and MOD into one two-input, two-output instruction (the x86 DIV instruction computes both, but not the ARM DIV instruction). Switches (L2 devices) recalculate Ethernet CRCs (L2 error detection codes), and routers tend to calculate TCP/UDP checksums (L3 error detection codes) and everything below. I've seen exactly this issue with switches that have bad RAM before, and I assume that they just have a router with bad RAM (and without ECC RAM, which looks embarrassing). The younger generation is always more likely to go to cities. As they get older they move out. And buy cars. IBKR does some of its trading off-exchange like the PFOF types, but they do it in-house, not on a paid-for basis. If you see "SMART" in the routing of an order on IBKR pro, often that order went to one of their darkpools or was filled by them off-exchange (at a price better than the NBBO). The price improvement per share also sometimes comes from exchange rebates that they pass through to customers. You should take a second to read the essay "On Bullshit." What he said there was bullshit, written to cause an outcome, not to tell the truth. These loans have destroyed any chance that a generation of underprivileged students will achieve financial prosperity. If they go away, the federally subsidized loan programs will likely be phased out over ~5 years or so. The private sector will replace them for students who are good bets, probably with income-share agreements or something similar and MUCH less predatory than the current federal loan programs. I would assume that based on the amount of money that is at stake, most software engineers would try to become extremely good negotiators. A 1% improvement in salary for a SWE could easily be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars over 10 years, so it is really silly to not try to understand how to get that money. Defamation lawsuits. Right now, a bunch of people can tweet "John Doe (some public figure) beats his wife" with no verification, and Twitter keeps the tweets up, and doesn't get in trouble when John Doe's life is ruined by the false accusations. What's more, media can then report "John Doe is allegedly a domestic abuser," citing the tweets as evidence that there are allegations that John Doe is a domestic abuser. You see this pattern with pizza gate (some dumb social media posts getting picked up by Republican news), and with Kyle Rittenhouse (dumb, false twitter posts picked up by left-leaning news). In the latter case, the news outlets have been getting sued for defamation because the reporting was damaging and so demonstrably false. Section 230 protection for these platforms erodes all standards of truth for news. I think most people who say they This are advocating for 230 to be rewritten, not misreading it. Personally, I think that individual curation of content should be considered an editorial decision, and not simply moderation. Tightly moderated forums where everyone sees the same posts are fine, but twitter/Facebook with their individualized front pages is not. Generally speaking, regardless of race and sex, upper management types tend to be sociopaths who are actually racist/sexist (see all the scandals about this every time an executive sexually harrasses someone). Embracing the idea of a "diverse workforce" is a great deflection tactic. Here's an alternative form of the "NYT/CNN should be canceled" argument: they should be held to the same standard as a private citizen when they behave poorly. If you write a blog post that doxxes a prominent figure and link to it from Facebook and Twitter, you are going to get banned from those platforms. The NYT can apparently do this with impunity, and calls for canceling other people and organizations who do this. In US law, there is a different standard for libel against "public figures" than against other people. The NYT gets to take advantage of this much looser libel law whenever they write a hit piece because they can argue that anyone who does something "newsworthy" is de-facto a public figure. As far as I have seen, the "cancel NYT" crowd is arguing that the NYT should be held to the standards that it pushes into others and obviously doesn't follow. It surprised me how well cloud providers have managed to sell "availability" and lack of responsibly for site downtime, and how much of a premium they can charge for it. Most people don't need 5 9's (not that any cloud actually provides that level of reliability) or infinite scalability, just a box that's good enough in both dimensions. They have usually gotten woke after becoming multi-billion-dollar companies. Being woke seems to be a luxury available when you have the money to spend on it. Cryptocurrency/blockchain is a valuable concept the way the internet is, but Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a nice proof of concept, but as a currency it has big problems that look like they won't be solved. Pets.com was also a good proof of concept. Except bitcoin isn't anonymous or decentralized at all... Transaction wallet ids are public and Chinese miners control the currency. This has always been a ridiculous argument. Human eyes have a much higher contrast ratio than commercial cameras, and have built-in stereoscopic capabilities with some degree of rangefinding thanks to the fact that they are quickly adjustable. Normal cameras have none of that. If there really have been no crashes with this system on the road, it is a testemant to how safe the average human driver actually is. That doesn't say good things about the future of self-driving cars. That is exactly what they should do, but the fact that a majority of voting shares are held by 2 managers makes the company have a huge conflict of interest that favors growing more and more rather than pulling cash out. I voted "no" on this. I didn't want to see Xilinx spend years working on getting acquired instead of working on new chips (which happened to Altera), and I thought that the acquisition price was too low given the current premium that AMD stock carries. My guess was the latter, given how high AMD's market cap is currently. However, Xilinx/AMD have some common technology requirements around 2.5d integration and 7 nm IP. I was hoping for an FPGA-SoC with some Xeon cores when Intel bought Altera, and now I'm hoping for one with Epyc cores. Intel at one point tried an FPGA-in-package with a server CPU. It turns out that you can't downclock/power gate parts of FPGA designs nearly as easily as you can CPU components, so the whole package had thermal regulation issues. You had to run the CPU at a very conservative frequency in order to let the FPGA use power as it needs to. There are FPGA-SoCs out there that are mostly FPGA, and that seems like the way to go if you want to combine FPGAs and CPUs, otherwise they should probably be on separate power and heat budgets. The move to the Intel foundry cost Altera a lot - I don't know if it was to position themselves to be acquired or if it was for some other strategy, but it was a very expensive decision. Stratix 10 on TSMC may have landed at the same time as Ultrascale+ from Xilinx. Generally, during and after a merger, there is a lot of instability in a company as layoffs in comparable departments get figured out and company infrastructures get merged. I assume that on the software side, you were insulated from this instability since they were going to need to keep developing Quartus (or its replacement) either way and Intel had no equivalent. I was an Altera customer before and during the merger (including after it was announced). It looked from the outside like sales teams and chip design teams had significant amounts of instability. I personally experienced months of delays getting Arria 10s (and associated FAE support) from our sales team immediately after the acquisition. Our new sales team from Intel (figured out 8 months later) was twice the size, had to push CPUs and Intel's software in addition to FPGAs, and was also dealing with the embarrassing situation around Stratix 10 delays. Unions in the EU have very different rules than unions in the US. In particular, American unions can essentially force an employer to become a "closed shop" through a majority vote. Everyone who works there then has to pay union dues and accept a union contract. EU unions involve more worker choice. By the way, one of the big proponents of gain-of-function research was Anthony Fauci. It makes sense that he came out and tried to control the narrative around the virus given that he may have been responsible for its creation. Some of us have to. Weirdly, the bitcoin exchanges are all there. Unfortunately, going one layer down, most ASIC tooling is extremely opaque about what it does, and it's hard to share chip designs that are open at all levels (you may have open-source verilog, but the GDSII might have to be closed-source due to vendor NDAs). I suspect that if you have problems with FPGA tooling, you will also have problems with ASIC tooling. However, the cost of an ASIC on an older node (~65-130 nm) is a lot lower than you think. There are (bad) free design tools and even older nodes may have open PDKs from foundries (the old scalable CMOS processes). I have been considering starting up a company to build hardware root-of-trust chips along the lines of Titan/Cerberus,but I don't know if there's enough of a customer base out there to make it a reality. It has not, and the type of design they show in the paper has a lot of room to improve (FIFOs everywhere, inefficient blocks, etc). However, video transcoding is suited to that approach since the operations you do are so wide that you can't avoid a speedup compared to software. Yes. Gain of function research involves putting evolutionary pressure on an organism to give it certain traits that can be found in the wild, but the resulting virus is anything but natural. I think a lot of people dismiss the lab leak hypothesis based on the idea that a lab-created virus must have an engineered genome rather than an evolved one. Fauci and his close colleagues (including the current head of the CDC) were ardent proponents of gain of function research, and funded gain of function research at the WIV to the tune of millions of dollars. Didn't anybody think it was weird that the head of the NIH, a research institution, not a public health institution, became the top public health communicator during COVID instead of the heads of the CDC? He had a massive conflict of interest and wanted to protect it. The problem with luck is that people who are extremely skilled at something seem to usually get inordinately lucky. Part of skill involves setting yourself up to get lucky. To some degree, problems of luck are also problems of volume: if you are president #45 and you have a 5% chance at creating a viral tweet, tweet 50 times and you will get one. While this is mostly true, there are some (very limited) circumstances where modern language constructs are legitimately the best approach. Generic libraries are probably the most obvious case where you may need some fancy metaprogramming. Move semantics and other similar tricks for avoiding copies are often used for saving much more than a 24-byte copy. Unfortunately, a lot of C++ enthusiasts who write this kind of code are language lawyers who might prefer to write in APL (a language with "expressiveness" and "beauty") than a language for humans. Honestly, I think the "killer app" for C++ was generics. If you could write a generic data structure in C without using macros (which are extremely hard to debug), nobody would have wanted C++. However, the Linux Kernel is stuck with AVL trees and primitive hash table algorithms due to complexity, while C++ programmers can blissfully use B-trees and fast linear probing hash maps without worrying about the data structure. 1. It protects his conflicts of interest by allowing him to routinely dismiss things like the lab leak hypothesis and control the narrative around the virus and its vaccines. It has allowed him to shape public policy in a way that deflects responsibility away from himself and his friends. 2. I was wrong. Wikipedia shows that the NIAID is part of the NIH. Still a research organization, not a public health organization. 3. Previous outbreaks, such as Ebola, SARS, MERS, etc. have _all_ been spearheaded by the CDC. The CDC is the branch of government responsible for managing disease outbreaks. The CDC head is therefore the "top public health communicator." It's worth noting that being a "communicator" here is much more than about talking to the public; it's also about who talks to the politicians. As a (former) FPGA developer, this revolution has been coming for a while, and I'm still waiting. Unfortunately, the programming model actually makes things really difficult for people who think in a software frame of mind. High-level synthesis gets part of the way, but not for low-level peripherals. PMODs are good for university/hobby projects with FPGAs, though, and I'm glad the bar is getting lower and lower. FPGAs are usually built on very high-tech processes, so the gap between an FPGA (at 28 nm) configured like an SoC and an actual microcontroller (at 90 nm) may be smaller than we think, and that may be the saving grace of FPGAs as hobbyist devices. I was an FPGA dev at a trading shop and moved to software at big tech. Hardware development in trading is fairly unique in that it is more like software than anything else. At other companies, FPGA dev is not well-rewarded, and is treated a lot more like hardware than software. That leads to slow development cycles and project-based hiring/management, which make it very hard to treat the project like software. In addition, lack of a standard library and bad tooling (buggy, slow compilers) makes developing simple things very difficult. The same attributes that made me a good FPGA developer have also made me a good low-level software developer (x86 assembly doesn't hold a candle to FPGA dev in complexity), so I do that now. FPGA evangelists like this really need a reality check. Programming in RTL is not easy, and it's not really a skill that most people need, so it doesn't make a lot of sense as an educational tool. The "killer app" for hobbyist FPGAs might be some sort of "SoC builder" tool that lets you build a specific microcontroller around a few high-performance cores, and then program it like software. But don't worry. Since 2000, mainstream FPGA programming has been right around the corner. Bitstream encryption is okay, but someone still has yet to make an FPGA that is truly secure. As far as I know, bitstream encryption on the Xilinx Ultrascale+ devices has been broken, so there isn't a lot of protection there against sophisticated actors. The tools are awful and software people don't know how good they have it. However, the tools also do a ton of optimization for you, and so it's somewhat justified that they take a long time to run. I think you are thinking of different types of tasks. A lot of RTL is brainless, but if you are actually trying to compute with it, it can get tough. A mediocre C++ programmer can write a (bad) hash table in C++ in a few hours. How fast can you give me one in Verilog? Nailing public figures who lie for personal gain to the cross serves a very important function by dissuading other public figures from doing the same. Otherwise, the math suggests that every public figure should be lying for personal gain since they can just get away with it. At least in the US, there are far too many politicians who think they can get away with lying through their teeth to the public. However, it looks like Fauci has outlived his usefulness to the ruling class, and they are currently in the process of throwing him under the bus. Fundamentally this comes down to the very American idea that everything legal is moral. What they did may not be illegal, but it certainly is immoral. People who do immoral things do deserve the public shaming they get. People do move there. Singapore picks up a ton of US expats, as did Hong Kong before it got swallowed by China. Bermuda and the Caymans have tons of companies and restrict immigration so tightly that they are less attractive. It's almost as if they get paid per click on that ad... There's no incentive for them to fix this, unfortunately. Everywhere else on YT there's a nice gray box that keeps the place of a UI element until that element loads. The first patent on a transistor was assigned in 1933 to a man named Julius Lilienfeld, who invented (conceptualized) the MESFET. He didn't get the same press coverage as Shockley, and also failed to commercialize. Shockley's 1948 patent was relatively late. Perhaps we just haven't had a "Shockley moment" in graphene yet. It would be nice if these other people stopped getting so much press, though. I tried the triplebyte test when I was finding a job ~2 years ago. The test was biased towards web developers (which I was not), and I failed it. It was an infuriating experience and turned me off to the whole concept. I went on with my normal job searching process (which generally involved recruiters who reached out to me, and friends giving referrals). I landed a very nice job at a big tech company and swore to never touch triplebyte again. This is just an anecdote, but I would bet that many highly qualified engineers failed the test once and then they decided not to ever go back. If the test had told you why you failed or what to study, I bet I would have tried it again. Stablecoins have ridiculous fraud potential. The idea of a crypto that holds 100% of its value in USD is just an unstable business. There's too much cash just sitting there, and it's too tempting to debase the coin just a little bit. Tether looks like they have been caught with their hand in the cookie jar a few too many times. I might trust a stablecoin backed by a big bank, but nothing else. Intel CPUs are also a bit more flexible on the high end: if you want 12T of RAM in one machine, you still need an Intel 8-socket machine. I wonder if this is costing AMD a bit in the server space. I actually was a hardware developer for a while, and I'm not sure this will pan out like the author thinks. A 1 GHz CPU on an FPGA won't happen, even a 7 nm FPGA. Also, host memory latency and bandwidth will likely kill any hopes of putting the special- purpose CPU far from its memory. The best outcome is a new RISC-V matrix extension, though, which sounds pretty cool and useful given the Apple M1. Good luck! HPC also sells a lot of GPUs. A lot of ML folks don't seem to appreciate that neural net training (outside of Google) is actually a fairly small market for the GPU companies compared to games and simulators. In college, I had the privilege of taking and then teaching a VLSI class like this. It was an amazing experience and I think more engineers need to go through the process. When I get the chance (no IP agreement with a company), I want to do the efabless thing that Google is offering 18 exabytes isn't that much if you want to uniquely address every memory byte in a (future) datacenter. Papers on RDMA-based unified memory systems are currently producing some very compelling performance results in workloads like pub-sub and mostly-read databases. It's conceivable that in the next 15 years, there will be special-purpose datacenter-scale computers networked with a unified memory space that need address spaces greater than 64 bits, especially with the high-capacity optane DIMMs that Intel produces. I used to think the same thing, but now that I work on SSD-based storage systems, I'm not sure this holds up in today's storage stacks. Log structuring really helped with HDDs since it meant fewer seeks. In particular, the filesystem tends to undo a lot of the benefits you get from log-structuring unless you are using a filesystem designed to keep your files log-structured. Using huge writes definitely still helps, though. A paper that I really like goes deeper into this: http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~jhe/eurosys17-he.pdf Edit: I had originally said "designed for flash" instead of "designed to keep your files log-structured." F2FS is designed for flash, but in my testing does relatively poorly with log-structured files because of how it works internally. Edit 2: de-googled the link. Thank you for pointing that out. I have been on both sides of patent lawsuits in the past, but I am not a lawyer, so this is not legal advice. You need a lawyer, but a lot of lawyers do this sort of thing pro bono for small companies. The EFF has a list of attorneys who can help. Interview at least 5 of them - ask for references, ask about past successes in this space, and ask about your case at a high level (give the one-minute overview of the case and ask about their plan). The good news is that most software patents are invalid (thanks to the Alice decision* in 2014), and will be struck down in a process called inter partes review, which is a cheap way to challenge the validity of a patent through the USPTO. When you interview attorneys, you might want to ask prospective candidates about the validity of this patent and if they see this as a viable strategy. Another dynamic at play here is that in many patent proceedings, the loser pays attorneys fees. You may not end up paying a dime, even without a pro-bono lawyer. Trolls like threatening lawsuits to pressure you into a settlement, but there's a lot at risk for them if they actually sue you for infringement. *The full opinion on the Alice case is here, and is very interesting: https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/13-298_7lh8.pdf EDIT: Also, if your lawyer suggests that you might be able to invalidate this patent, you may be able to band together with some of your competitors to share the cost of invalidating it. Chinese law is extremely hostile to foreign companies, forcing them to give up their IP and have a large operating presence in China (including a political arm of the CCP within the company). No other country is so hostile to foreigners, and international pressure should be applied to get then to change this behavior. It is antithetical to free trade and free markets. It is completely understandable that foreign companies are staying out of China, because China effectively bans them from operating unless they are local companies. Robinhood's spreads are much larger than many other brokerages because of the deals they make with order flow buyers. Yes, they are still at or better than NBBO, but many brokerages will give you price improvement on crossing orders down to near the midpoint price (unless you are very good at timing the market and already have a great price from crossing). I did an A/B test of this, and found that RH was actually an outlier in terms of how bad your executions are. In my opinion, a hash map that needs to chase an extra pointer to do a lookup and uses insertion order to provide deterministic iteration order seems like a hash map that hates me. Using keys that aren't strings is also table stakes for hash tables these days. If your desire is only deterministic iteration, just use a hash function that gives that to you. Many libraries randomize this in tests so you don't rely on it, but you can always set a custom hash function. This will give you a much faster happy path than something like this structure. C++ unordered_map unfortunately forces a bucket-based implementation. I don't know about Java. I suppose that most people don't ever erase anything from a Python dictionary? Erasing items would lower the effective load factor of the array (or be O(n) so you can do a big memcpy). It's interesting that this highlights how Python users use dictionaries very differently from how I use hash tables (as a C and C++ programmer). In the last few years, people have been designing hash tables to run at much higher load factors, but if the decision was made before ~2018, I can see why the iteration speed argument would result in a structure like this. In the EU, patents have escalating fees. They don't escalate very fast, but I think this would help with innovation a lot. IMO the first ~4 years can cost a few thousand dollars (so you can get your startup up and running), but the 20th year of a patent should escalate to several hundred thousand or million dollars. That way, building a long-lived "patent fence" becomes economically infeasible the way it is today. Most drugs appear first in publicly-funded research, but so does every other compound that can get past a p value of 0.05. The main value proposition of big pharma is that they take those results, find the ones that actually work (very few of them do), study them for side effects, and characterize them. There is a LOT of work between the published research and an actual drug (there is actually significantly more risk and cost to go from a paper to a drug than to write the initial paper). Louis Rossmann is a popular youtube creator who is a bit of a rambler, but the upside is that you can read something else while you listen to him. In the last year or so, he has done a lot of ragebait on commercial real estate and the abusive government of New York, but his original content was on right to repair, repairing mac devices, and running a small business. New York (the state and the city), Chicago, and California are the reasons why I will never live in a state or city with only one strong political party at this point. All of them are kleptocracies (and effectively dictatorships). I've never lived in Texas or Florida. You are correct that the main competing technology is throughput compute (GPUs, TPUs, ML processors) rather than "general-purpose" CPU-style compute with batch size of 1. The way we use CPUs is fairly unique, though, where we time share a lot of different code on each core of a system. Trying to move CPU applications to an FPGA-style device would be a disaster. I used to believe that FPGAs could compete with GPUs in throughput compute cases thanks to high-level synthesis and OpenCL, but it looks like most applications have gone with something more ASIC-like than general-purpose (eg TPUs and matrix units in GPUs for ML). That has happened to me so many times that my last company shreds resumes from foreign students with a prestigious American masters where the undergrad is not similarly prestigious (eg IIT and Tsinghua are good, but not many other schools). We did only hire from about 20 schools in the US. The unfortunate thing is that the masters programs did not filter nearly as exclusively as the undergrad programs. The reason is signal integrity. Running a high speed signal (never mind a bus of 64+ of them) through a connector is hard and takes a lot of power because the connector can seriously degrade the signals. LPDDR can be low power because it doesn't have a "memory stick" abstraction, just memory chips and controllers. It's not the resistance that kills the signal, it's the inductance and the impedance mismatching. I think you're referring to DDR3L DIMMs, which are just a down-volted version of DDR3. LPDDR has never had DIMMs because of signal integrity issues. They take power to resolve. The last barnes and noble I went to had a liberal shelf and a conservative shelf (not labeled as such, but clearly separated). I live in a county that biden won by I 100% agree with breaking C compatibility, breaking ABI compatibility, and turning off vintage C++. Unfortunately, CVEs come up when security researchers find something interesting to publish, whereas actual breaches usually come from a hacker exploiting some sysadmin's poor configuration. but it has brought food prices from 'Reasonable' to 'European.' I recently wanted to build a serverless application, but as far as I can tell, no serverless platform takes code in C or C++, so I was stuck working in a language I didn't know well. There may be an opportunity for someone to build a serverless platform that uses verified functions in C/C++/Rust, so you can get both performance and convenience. The learned index paper struck me as a bit of a marketing gimmick, but this paper also smells a bit. The central sleight of hand that both papers pull without admitting it is that they are creating mostly-read data structures (or in the first half of the learned index paper, read-only data structures). The learned index paper then compares them to read-write data structures and claims a win. Due to cache locality, cuckoo hashing usually underperforms compared to linear probing hash tables, except when you want super high density and you don't expect to do much inserting. It gets especially bad if the keys or values are large. 99% of the time, you're better off with something other than cuckoo hashing. 28 nm was a turning point in cost per transistor. Previously, unit cost of transistors declined with gate lengths, but smaller finfet nodes and EUV add enough complexity that cost per transistor is actually rising on more advanced nodes. The good thing about this is that capacity in "cutting-edge" fans will be lower and lower every year as more products find a "home" node that balances price and performance. You're right, benchmarks have shown that probing is better until you reach ~90% capacity. Cuckoo hashing sufferers from terrible memory locality, and you can only make up for it when a probing table would have worse locality. The "small error" in this article isn't so small when people want exact results. Unfortunately, a high-degree polynomial is necessary if you want 24 bit precision across the input range for functions like this. That said, I wonder if a rational approximation might not be so bad on modern machines... A Pade approximation is generally like that. Especially when you are dealing with singularities, it should be a much smaller polynomial than 17 terms in the numerator and denominator. I think I'm going to have to start a blog, and this will be on the list. Colleges used to be finishing schools for the rich attached to educational institutions for geniuses (the geniuses keep the prestige level up, and the rich provide funding). Companies started demanding degrees to get people who are geniuses or well-connected, so new schools popped up to produce more graduates, and so on in a feedback loop. Eventually the degree became a requirement and not a signal of "eliteness" any more. The people getting the degrees still feel elite, even though many go on to become baristas and store clerks. The problem is that college was never about the education (except for a small minority of students who were usually in the sciences), it was always about the signaling. The part that we think is good (the education) is just a side effect. This isn't so much about basic needs, which our societies generally provide. This is about having more than a minimum standard of living: seaside mansions aren't as abundant as 300 sq ft apartments. We're apes who are wired to show off to other apes to attract mating opportunities and secure the future of our genes (by helping our children get a leg up). This is actually the point of the elite overproduction hypothesis, although the article doesn't get that across. People who pose the theory don't believe that actual elites are being overproduced, but people who believe they should be elite and act as though they are. Many people with a degree believe that they should be elites (because they would be in the 1960s) and are disappointed that they are not. The elites have circled the wagons and use friendships to determine eliteness (see WeWork and Theranos - where elites started companies that are total frauds and still were billionaires for a while). At the same time, it is good for society to have a meritocratic component to the measure of "eliteness." This is why generals who won battles was a good example, and college degrees used to be: people who became generals or got into college were generally not there purely on merit, but the cream of the crop became apparent through challenges relevant to the society of the day. The meritocratic component also allows for social mobility for people who are really damn good at whatever the merit is: great soldiers could find their way into the roman aristocracy from nothing, and colleges always admitted a few exceptionally talented lower-class people who became great scholars. The "elite overproduction" theory suggests that there is too much social mobility for the wrong people, and not enough for the right people. Psychologically, the middle ground turns out to be an unstable equilibrium. You can give them some money, but then they come back for more. If you say no, your family may find itself breaking apart unless you give up everything you got in the lottery It isn't that this behavior is good because it's natural - it's good because it keeps people motivated. The problem is that unfortunately, people are not the same. Some are better physicists than others, some are better organizers, and some are better carpenters. You need some inequality of outcome to incentivize people to do what they are good at - the Soviet Union has showed us that. Having any inequality at all produces elites. You can have human rights while having inequality, and we generally do. In most places other than California, the problem of greedy politicians who raise taxes and spend the money on corruption and crap is to vote out the politicians. If you feel unsafe at tax time, your elected leaders should feel unsafe on election day. It's really telling that Californians instead passed a terrible market-distorting ballot measure (which incentives hedge funds to buy properties to avoid the tax being readjusted again and pushes up prices so that nobody other than a hedge fund could afford them). If you're worried about affordability of houses, prop 13 (combined with NIMBYism and restrictive zoning laws in cities) is one of the main reasons why they are unaffordable. It sounds like it didn't even register to Californians that maybe they should have voted for the other guy for a little while. The interesting question is whether voters can pass laws that are straight up unconstitutional. The courts are an important check on the power of legislators, but if they don't apply to the people, there may be some really interesting ballot initiatives in the future. CA's ballot initiative process is democracy taken too far. It is close the point where democracy becomes the tyranny of the mob. How about lowering taxes and giving that money back to people? This is fairly new. Magnet schools and accelerated classes for smart poor people used to be something that we considered good, because we want at least a few smart people getting educated. Now that "smart poor people" generally means "people of asian descent," we're changing course and getting rid of all of those programs. Marking the value of your company to market can make you richer over night. If you have a $10/year income stream, a bank might run a calculation valuing that income stream at $50-$100. If you can instead get investors to value it at $1000 (because it is a "tech company" and deserves an insane valuation), you are a lot richer than you used to be. Even if you lose 90% of your income stream, you are still probably richer. This comes down to the question: why do you want to own a high-value asset? So you can borrow against it to buy more assets. This is how Jeff Bezos can fly around on a $500 million jet while selling $0 of his stock. Because it's so hard to get traditional investment, entrepreneurs in the sex industry often see that they are a lot poorer (in quality of life terms) than people who own businesses that are much less successful. There is accountability at the ballot box, but only if you're willing to vote for the other guy. SF has been under one- party rule for a long time, and if incumbents don't fear for their jobs, they have no incentive to do what they say. eBPF has basically democratized the performance that used to be reserved for DPDK applications and other weird user space things. It's a big deal. Systems software engineer Location: Eastern US Remote: Yes Relocate: No Technologies: C, C++, Assemblers, FPGAs, Mathematica/Matlab, Python, Java. I have worked on performance optimization, hardware/software co-design, parallel (SIMD + hardware accelerated) algorithms, numerical analysis, time synchronization, and advanced networking (eg XDP, DPDK). Resume: Available on request (6 YoE, currently Senior Software Eng @ big tech) Email: pclmulqdq@fastmail.com ----- Hi everyone! I am a software and hardware engineer based in the Eastern US. I am looking for a small, remote-friendly company for my next role, preferably where I can work on performance optimization or products related to foundational technologies. Contracts possible. It is illegal, but that doesn't stop people from doing it. In the US, things like this have to go to court to actually be struck down, and there haven't been any sympathetic plaintiffs suing over these laws yet. When "positive discrimination" makes it before a judge, it usually gets stuck down. The other disclosure establishes prior art for other people and sets you up for more patents in the future with the same prior art date (continuations). The claims are the legally enforceable part. Some fraction of this is almost certainly due to taking them as an "academic steroid" rather than having a diagnosis for a condition that needs amphetamines. The abuse of these drugs is a very real problem in schools, but some students legitimately need them so it's hard to come up with a blanket policy. Edit: according to the tweet, all of this is due to recreational or performance enhancing use. Australia is already a failed state. That happened the second they decided to imprison their populace and started talking about the "New world order." The state has failed its people, and the only thing left is for it to crumble. Adam Smith also believed in a society where rich people would endow institutions for everyone to enjoy. Now that we believe that is solely the rule of the state, that assumption is gone. The chief medical officer of New South Wales said it during a press conference recently He actually did. He called for a very high inheritance tax and believed that the the rich should spend their wealth for the good of everyone (and society should inventivize that by allowing wealthy people to feel good about sticking their names on things). Where I live, the only philanthropic organizations normal people interact with are universities, museums, hospitals, and maybe arts organizations. The government runs libraries, schools, orphanages, parks, other museums and hospitals, and playgrounds. These all used to be nonprofit philanthropic activities. Philanthropic organizations have been forced into corners trying to solve very hard problems (like eradicating diseases and global warming) rather than helping people day to day. You can go through a decent life never directly benefitting from a billionaire's money, but you can't do it without a helpful government institution. Alice vs CLS bank threw out most patents saying "do X on a computer." Patents basically have to have a physical effect or give something a property it wouldn't otherwise have, so compression (saving bits) and encryption (giving security properties) are patentable, but most things like web apps and online shopping carts (an infamous patent troll sued many people over this pre-Alice) are not. The $10k is a feature, not a bug. Society shouldn't allow patents to be filed without commercial intent (because otherwise you are depriving the world of an idea for 20 years without meaningfully using it), and a $10k pricetag is a good signal of commercial intent. In the EU, patents have escalating fees to make sure that patent rights are only guaranteed as long as a commercial enterprise continues to be successful. And no, the intent to file and then sell the patent is not a good "commercial intent." Intel and AMD are both like that, and it makes me wonder how much space they have opened up for ARM. I would love a small x86 SoC if it came with the same level of support that an NXP or TI ARM chip has, but they don't. My impression is that if you are an open source project (especially one with a few already existing designs), you can actually get some design support from large companies. This is especially true if you either meet the right person in marketing at those companies or know someone on the inside. The Raspberry Pi uses chips from a very user-hostile company (Broadcom) because they started as a side project by a few engineers at Broadcom. I think the cleanest law here is to change the law to clarify that non-public information gained by public servants and representatives that can have an affect on a stock's price should be treated as "material non-public information." Then the SEC can do their jobs like they do with other insider traders. Remember that ONLY elected congresspeople are exempt from rules like that. Other public servants are not. This is one of the biggest signals that the US is an oligarchy and not a democracy. Judges also have strict rules about what they can and can't trade. So do congressional aides, and the capitol police (both part of the legislative branch). It's only members of congress who don't. You can do a lot more with index funds than you think. For example, you can buy sector index funds to get exposure to more limited stocks, and going further, you can actually construct linear combinations of index funds to gain exposure to single stocks. Maybe if you restrict them to only S&P 500 index funds then you could stop them from trading like this. I would rather they just be barred from trading on insider information regardless of the trading vehicle. The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, but the second best time is today. By continuing to oppose low-carbon base load power that is politically unpopular, climate activists are showing the world that they don't really believe there's a crisis. Put another way, they are saying: "there's just enough of a crisis for us to take things from you, but not enough for us to sacrifice anything ourselves." Also, with investment in nuclear plants, the cost and time to build one will decrease, but someone needs to put up the money to make that happen. The first step (borrowing usdt on a defi platform) needs you to collateralize that loan with some other form of cryptocurrency. You are forced to have exposure to crypto to make the trade that shorts it. Fed chairs have always received a lot of political pressure from the ruling party. Most administrations do it quietly. Yellen was particularly cozy with the white house in her day as fed chair, which is why she is now treasury secretary. The past three presidents haven't understood the danger of keeping rates low, but so far it has paid off for them. Yes, -O3 tends to include a lot of features that increase code size, like aggressive loop unrolling. If you are jumping around a large amount of code, -O3 generally performs more poorly than -O2, but if you are running a tight loop (like HPC code), -O3 is better. In the past, at a time when I worked on a very performance sensitive codebase that was also limited in scope, we compiled with -Osize and did all the loop optimizations we wanted manually (and with pragmas). That produced faster code than -O2 or -O3. 0% is fundamentally different than 1%. Modern monetary theory disagrees, but there is definitely a big difference between "cheap" and "free." Also, I mean since 2008. Pre-2008, rates were pretty healthy, but central banks haven't had the courage to raise them back to that level. Economically speaking, we are not in a crisis, and we have not been for a long time. In the application I referred to, PGO was also used. However, that only applies -Os to cold code, and if what you're doing is very branchy, it can help even in the hot path. One piece of friction that hurts here is that the C++/Rust and ARM memory models aren't the same, and the consequences of this are unintuitive - compilers and CPUs can both screw with execution ordering. People who write in C++ should technically _only_ be concerned with the C++ memory model, but x86 has let them be very lax and undisciplined with std::memory_order_relaxed. ARM has some alluring constructs that don't quite fit with the C++ model, which can tempt you to mix and match memory models for performance. All of this means trouble with atomics. My name is gender-ambiguous but I am pretty strongly male-presenting in person. People I meet over email/text communication often misgender me. Before 2016, when I met those people in person, they would joke about it. Today, it terrifies them that I might tell someone or escalate it, and I have gotten profuse apologies related to the pronouns. I don't like that this sort of thing terrifies people. It creates a real bias in people's minds against working with anyone whose gender they don't know. The ACLU used to agree with me. Academia unfortunately did this to itself. Look at all the published scientific papers that don't replicate, the political nature of modern work in the humanities, and the highly political funding and publishing models in science. The "recent" (1970s to today) attacks on the credibility of academia are mostly people saying that the emperor has no clothes. Academia need to raise the signal-to-noise ratio, drop the open disdain for certain types of people, and spend time both cleaning house (removing contributions and contributors of no value) and adjusting their promises to align with what they can actually deliver. The 20k and 11k fees here are for invalidating and proving infringement respectively. The second one should dissuade trolls who want to target small users. The 20k fee is not to defend yourself from an infringement claim, it is to invalidate a patent. That is very different than defending yourself. The equivalent filing in the US is about the same price, and the process of invalidating a patent is long and complicated, so in any jurisdiction you should expect to pay hundreds of thousands in legal fees for that process. On top of those fees, 20k isn't that much. There are a lot of different ways of invalidating a patent, and that is the simplest. However, that is also nominally what the examiner did during the issuance of the patent, so unless there was gross incompetence (eg the "shopping cart" patents), it's not that simple. Usually, bitcoin is demanded because it's easy for a target to acquire, then it is swapped for Monero to wash it before cashing out. It is, but it's a VERY aggressive line of defense. The OP was saying that this is an "SME killer" and that "No small company will be able to defend itself" against a patent suit. This is far from the case. A small company was never going to try to invalidate a patent to defend itself either way. All asset valuations have a numerator and a denominator. I think people sometimes forget that - if dollars are cheap, stocks with 100x multiples aren't that expensive. There is an inflation assumption baked into that price, but it seems to be coming true. This is a second price auction, so the person with the highest bid pays the amount of the second highest bid. If Apple is bidding $97, their cost to acquire the customer may be substantially lower than $97 (their cost is whatever the second highest bid is), but they are forcing others in the auction to spend at least $97 to get the customer. We weigh stuff against human lives all the time. Cars, bridges, buildings, and industrial machines all make tradeoffs between safety and cost. We generally value a random life at about $7-10 million - much less than a faberge egg. In reality, adding up all the grief of loved ones, $7 million might be about right. Treating life as some sort of priceless treasure really is divorced from reality too. I think most people would choose to shoot an arsonist before they could burn the Mona Lisa, and that's totally rational. It's not just "the little guy" in Argentina - it's everyone and everything. Everyone always demands increases to their flow of money in Argentina. It's no surprise that they get inflation. The reason why Argentina has inflation is just very inconvenient to central bankers. If the pool of money increases in size, prices go up, end of story. Central bankers like to think that they can use sophisticated measures to control the economy, but it looks like they can't beyond a few simple things. Print money and you raise prices, end of story. What if the students are interested in learning a subject to a high academic standard and will be bored otherwise? I was getting lower grades at my easy "teach to the bottom 10%" public school than the very difficult private school I moved to. By just dismissing academic rigor, you are alienating the high-performers who WANT to care. That's a bad group of people for a society to ignore. Arguably the point of public school was to develop all bright kids, not just the rich ones. Providing everyone a basic level of education is a very different goal, and I question whether a college-oriented curriculum is good for educating the masses. The fact that my parents had to pay for both the public school and some tuition for private school (I had financial aid) left a really bad taste in my mouth. On top of that, full tuition at the private school was less than the per-student cost of public school! To me, that is ridiculous. Do you really think that it is NOT bad for a society to demoralize and demotivate the people who might otherwise be very productive knowledge workers? There are arguably two goals to the public education system: giving a minimum education to everyone and raising up lower class folks who can't otherwise afford an education. It sounds like you only want the first one. You did not. Common core teaches some very weird methods of addition and multiplication, and has a "process over product" mentality - getting the wrong answer is fine with the right method, and getting the right answer with the "wrong" method is bad. Cargo is the one thing keeping me off the rust ecosystem. The fundamentals of the language are great, but the tight coupling of the rust language with cargo's package management really irks me - it introduces as many correctness and security problems as the memory model solves. I'm suggesting that "languages that have package managers" is generally the problem. I think the go package manager gets the closest to solving these problems thanks to its reliance on one trusted source that has STRONG incentives to make sure that packages are available and trusted, but fundamentally, a language and a package manager are very different products, and I don't want them to be bundled. I worked with Alain Martin at Caltech, and I always loved the idea of asynchronous circuits. When I became an FPGA engineer, I realized the big problem with both FPGAs and asynchronous logic: the tooling doesn't generalize well to other domains, so you have to be a narrow specialist to make progress. If someone could convert synchronous verilog to async circuits under the hood, they may see huge gains in speed and power use for their circuits, but that is a huge uphill climb. Their async tech worked fine, but FPGAs likely don't get the same benefit as ASICs from async logic. Not to mention debugging is hard, so if you're not committed to a design, you may not want to put in the effort. The Achronix folks are going strong today (still independent), but with a much more conventional FPGA. The on-chip network may be async, but they hide it well. I hope they have lots of success in the future. Monero is inflationary, but it has some other features (untraceability) that drive demand. It hasn't experienced the same swings that the gold-like cryptos have, though. People are actually scared of monero, since it actually does what bitcoin set out to do. It's a little funny. It doesn't have the same insane volatility, so it's not exciting, just "criminal". I wonder if that suggests that the volatility is coming from exchanges that don't list monero, though. If he's doing business under that domain name, he is using it as an unregistered trademark and still gets some protection from that. In some cases, including when someone new starts a similar business with the same name, it can have the same force as a registered trademark. Intel benefits from decades of being the preferred platform for people to optimize server software on. I would believe that they outperform Graviton on workloads that have done this (especially when they have optimized with AVX instructions), but tends to be near performance parity on other workloads. Databases and ML likely are winners for intel due to this optimization, while stuff like nginx performs just fine on the ARM chips. Intel is a value stock at this point. I have been loading up on shares, but it looks like the big money isn't interested in companies that make a lot, and more interested in "future potential for growth." I think some big hedge funds must be betting on intel failing. This workload looks really well suited for x86 cores. The x86 architecture has big advantages in both crypto and fast string parsing. It's interesting that graviton got cost parity given what you said. Also, the datapath is a lot wider: NEON only does 16 bytes per vector, while Intel has fixed most of its frequency issues and can go up to 32 bytes per vector without throttling. AVX is also a lot more expressive, and can do more per instruction. I don't have much data here that's public. That said, Intel's AVX instructions generally give big advantages to range scans and other analytical workloads (as well as ML inference), while they don't help much for transaction processing. It depends on the DB and the workload. I would expect transactional benchmarks to look good for Graviton. The carryless multiplication instructions are amazing and people should use them more often. They are just so poorly explained that they feel like magic. I completely agree. When I got an EE degree, most of the content was about how electric fields work. It's not a simple concept. That video was reductive to the point that it made me angry. For all practical purposes, he is wrong, and he should admit that. The unfortunate thing about scratch rewrites is that they are not a good business. Open Source has conditioned people to think that libraries should be free. It's not clear to me that the alternative where libraries are obscenely expensive (like in the hardware world, where a hash table is a $100k investment) is any better. Nobody has ever built a successful company charging between $0 and $10,000 for a library. That is just how people see things, and unfortunately it is extremely hard to change. Not having linux support is a big self-own for Altium. Its main high-end competitor, Cadence OrCAD/Allegro, has top-tier Linux support. Altium tried to do a "365" thing like Microsoft, and I doubt that's really what Altium users want. Altium was about to be a good high-end piece of software until they did this. Now it's homeless and it will lose to KiCAD for low-end things and Cadence for high-end. Looking at the moon landing and the Manhattan project, you hear about the very few PhDs on the program. They were outnumbered at least 100:1 by skilled tradespeople who manufactured components of those programs. None of those manufacturing jobs need a college degree, just time and focus, which a college degree detracts from by taking 4 more years of your life. You should look at the LHC for a modern example. Even these feats of science need a small minority of people employed in them to be trained scientists. This is the use case that the cloud is really designed for, and most people who are 100% anti-cloud don't realize how peaky many workloads can actually be. However, I doubt that most cloud advocates understand this. In New York City, I have been seeing decreased compliance with mask mandates as the pandemic has gone on. It really seems like people have limited capacity to comply with unpleasant rules. Carbon rules may end up in the same category, with rampant noncompliance. It could also hint that excess deaths from lockdown policies are higher than expected. COVID deaths are almost certainly undercounted by some factor, but suicides and drug overdoses are skyrocketing. These numbers would make sense if the cure is worse than the disease too. If the data suggests that lockdowns are causing excess mortality, that should be important to public policy discussions regardless of how it feels. Usually, when people say the cure is worse than the disease, they are suggesting that [cure + disease] is worse than [disease without cure]. I am sorry that was imprecise. There is an assumption here that the lockdowns have reduced the number of COVID deaths. That is not necessarily the case, and actually the evidence points to the contrary: looking at state data, it looks like strict lockdown policies taken in some states in the US were ineffective at best, and may have been harmful. You create a lot of unimpressive people by doing that too. You need someone to have passion for a project like this to do a huge rewrite. It's pretty clear that passion can't come from money. The world is also full of people who are not passionate about what they get paid to do, and they do it because it is high-paying and offers security. It has already happened, and nobody cared. Very early on, the bitcoin blockchain ended up playing host to some illegal images, but nobody took down bitcoin or bitcoin nodes for storing them. There may be an arbitration agreement in their EULA, and that may allow them to settle this more cheaply than using lawyers. Normally, your IPC structures where you put lock-free data structures are mmaped in tmpfs, which is backed by RAM only, not files. A lot of the problems with mmap-ed files only show up when the file is larger than RAM (which is the case with databases). Files for IPC in tmpfs are usually small and don't have that problem. Not now that companies like chainalysis exist: the transactions are on a public ledger. Monero was designed for private payments, and its value hasn't exploded like Bitcoin or Eth... There is a legitimate reason to oppose header bidding: it results in higher latency than using traditional ad services. Ads served at lower latency tend to get more clicks, and so they have more value. Unfortunately, that means that header bidding results in less money for the website. There should be a reckoning. NASDAQ is not allowed to trade on its own exchange with more information than their customers the way Google does. Even _Coinbase_ isn't allowed to trade on its own exchange in an unfair way. Google is an exchange, a broker, a buyer, and a seller, and there are no financial regulations for the ad markets. Facebook is the same. It's pretty fundamental: header bidding involves an extra hop through the client. It's encouraging that other commenters are saying that they are adopting header bidding despite this. There are good reasons to not use Google ads if you are a news site: you are competing with Google for being a news provider. Even if you would make more without header bidding, you might not want to use solutions like Google ads since that means supporting someone who is competing with you. I personally think header bidding is the next good evolution of the ad markets (and the ad market seems to agree), but there is a cost to it. The more I have seen of big tech companies, the more I think they need to split up from time to time. Complacency and ossification emerge as a product of scale. If you want to avoid them, reduce your scale. If your manufacturing engineers (really, the managers) need to be at the cutting edge of manufacturing or be out of a job, they will figure out how to get there. Intel has had a number of embarrassing technology misses that have put them behind: the first I remember was through-silicon vias for 3D stacking and it was only a matter of time before they missed something necessary for an advanced fab, and they missed on EUV. Their foundry engineers at the same time were recruiting more engineers out of school on the basis that they were the "best in the world." They thought their position was unassailable because they had high yield at 22 nm, so they rested on their laurels and missed technology after technology before it bit them. Contract Bridge is still untouched. I'm not sure if it's because of lack of resources, but it has a lot of difficult elements: cooperation, huge search trees due to imperfect information, and information theoretic aspects of bidding. Azure has a better product (Cosmos is damn good) and Google engineers have too much hubris to import something from lowly Amazon engineers. I thought NDAs were already pretty much standardized. If I need one, my lawyer has one made for all 50 states that is just a fill-in-the-blanks document. You have it a bit backwards: the energy demand has to do with the price of the coin. You can look at mining calculators to see what the relationship is between kWh and coins today, and some have historical charts. This relationship is baked in to the "difficulty" of the mining function and the block reward - higher difficulty means more hashes per block which means more watts per coin. In turn, your power company charges you per kWh, and in an efficient market, you are going to expand operations until your marginal cost (the cost of power) is equal to marginal profit (profit from selling the coins you mine). Generally, bitcoin mining has been done in such a way that if you have access to power at 5-10c per kWh, you can mine profitably (not including the cost of a mining rig). As the block reward goes down (and it is dropping), the rewards of mining also drop, so you have a reasonable argument that the power use is transitory until the block reward goes to 0. However, it looks like this may end up being made up with transaction fees because the transaction throughput of bitcoin is also really low. Lightning and other solutions are supposed to fix the transaction throughput, but they have limitations. Without hardware support, IEEE 754 decimal floating point can have some very sharp edges. I'm sure that the C# decimal format avoids these by spending more space. I'm personally surprised that this firm isn't using "integer # of exchange ticks" as their storage format for prices... I have been using Hugo for a new blog I am starting, and I have to say that it would be a lot better if the CMS was something like notion. Using an IDE will definitely have some growing pains past 100 posts. Wind and solar also have large subsidies right now, although the subsidies are decreasing. Nuclear should have been given the same chance as the other carbon-free forms of energy: subsidize it on its way up the S-curve, then drop subsidies after the technology is mature. These aren't supposed to be seen as ads, but they are ads. I've never heard "turn right at the public library," but I have heard "turn right at the tiny dunkin donuts across the street from the huge public library." Malte Skarupke: www.probablydance.com Also: apenwarr.ca Shameless plug for my own blog: www.specbranch.com This is a classic bait and switch strategy that recruiters use. They have contracts for 3-4 "sexy" 1M+ positions open, so they dangle them in front of you to entice you into a conversation. Once they have you on the phone, they ask you for a resume they can send around to all of their entry-level positions. IMO these recruiters are a big waste of time. In my experience, they usually won't tell you who the clients are unless they are actually interested in you for the role. I have tried this with one recruiter, and it didn't work well.