Well, I can transfer images from my A7ii to my phone in a few seconds. It's been done. No, you can't do full sensor readout at 960fps. You can only do 960fps by shooting at 2MP and keeping only 8 bits of data per pixel (or even less). Full sensor readout rates on phones are closer to 20-30 fps IIRC. And even that comes with caveats (no exposure adjustment, shutter speed must be faster than a certain amount, etc..). And that's at the low resolutions phones have. And then when you start hitting the limits of readout speed you start increasing rolling shutter issues and so on. Each country would have a given amount of vouchers say one per ten person to start and presumably only one individual could redeem them for the rebate otherwise its 50$ per month. Very disputable. They haven't made the .org tld, it wasn't a private resource (read: private as in used to generate profit), they just captured it and turned it into private property. It's still possible, but you will have statistical inaccuracies. If your analysis shows that say almost all events in this area can be abstracted up to this value without losing a significant amount of accuracy that makes the inner box smaller. Factor in our limited speed of travel and the one way nature of causality relative to us on the cosmic scale, you get a theoretically feasible simulation. I believe that due to our environment being based on "our type of math" and thus our thinking processes essentially running on that mathematical substrate in a way any mathematics you could imagine would just be an extension of our math and thus either there is no other math or we just can't imagine it. As for axioms and assumptions, it can work but it would probably be possible to formulate them in terms of existing math. And yet without thinking by themselves ordinary people won't be able to understand that philosophy, making it almost worthless given the underlying assumption that neglects the inherent value of philosophy. This can be well demonstrated by... Software engineers informally having viewpoints or ideas that were already refuted :) This does raise the question, what is the motivation for these vegans? Is it eliminating animal suffering, reducing global warming as farming is a major polluter, or are they actually just disgusted by animal products in general? As the article hints at, this claim only really makes sense if a sizeable section of the US is completely opposed to animal by-products independent of any ethical, moral or scientific component, just by innate disgust of eating anything that came from an animal. And I do believe the last category to be very fringe and small, and this would also mean being opposed to a large number of medical treatments. Personally, I don't think their claim holds any weight, unintentional cross contamination with beef isn't something the average vegan would find justifiably outrageous in a restaurant that also serves beef, and as far as allergies go anyone that has allergies should be asking around for cross contamination in a restaurant that specializes in what they are allergic from. Not exactly. While you could claim that due to technological advances a person working a low skilled job at full time in 2019 is better off than someone doing an equivalent job in 1980, you fail to take into account that in 2019 that person would be by major guidelines in a much worse position, ie, no hope of owning a house, taking public transit, can't support a family in a city, less likely to be in a supportive union, and so on. In the things that matter, the person in 2019 is worse off. And at the same time, a worker in 2019 has wildly increased productivity compared to one in 1980. So in a sense, purely by the standard of what they produce, they make more but has less baseline property and amenities. This is an issue. It's no coincidence that rich people have proportionally gotten much much richer in these 40 years, and it has 100% come at a cost to the majority. They possess essentially no power in labour negotiations, and most of them live under the yoke of debt. Capitalism is literally allowing greed to run wild and almost completely unchecked. It's the driving force behind greed being such a force in 2019. Working poor != working homeless I come from Morocco. There, until recent times, most left the family house to go buy their first home, after their first real job. "Renter" was an insult because you had to be really poor to have to rent. Now that speculation and foreign investment is flooding the housing markets and land prices have literally went up 3000x in some cities, it's changing. It's not a first world dream, it's a problem that's rising everywhere around the world. For religious people, there is really no sense to be made out of it. I say this as a Muslim. I did address alpha-gal by saying that those who have allergies should be mindful of cross contamination in restaurants that serve the stuff they are allergic to. Nope. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_property I can't speak for the rest of Québec, but Montréal's public transit is pretty good. You can definitely make it without a car there. There are good FOSS reddit clients for android. Build one then install it. The very idea of "corporate mindfulness" goes against the logic that led to mindfulness, and ultimately it only helps in misdirection as to what the issue really is. Or to massively decentralize so that you need to bring down the entire network. Good thing that computing power also scales exponentially with time then. So prosperous that raising the price of public transit by a few dollars has led to widespread protests. Isn't that basically just doing signal processing on the Fourier transform, because you know the Fourier series in advance? Yes, you don't need doing any fourier transform, but it seems to me to be equivalent to doing signal processing after a fourier transform with the knowledge that it's a pure tone. You forget Samsung. In Morocco at least they do ask for your passport if you want free or discounted cell service, but you can always go to a corner store and just get a Sim card from there. And yet they still are ahead of Intel. Because of the way floating point numbers work, you'd get an accurate amount for both cases, as it's really the number of significant figures, not decimals. Well, at least in Morocco when I lived there I got my SIM card from the corner store and used it for a good year and a half. They would have absolutely no grounds to sue. At all. There are already lying DNS servers, they haven't seen any legal threat for this exact reason. Tons of organizations also redirect DNS for their network. Form what I remember that AI could only do one pose. Not nearly as much in 2019's modern societies. And probably close to an order of magnitude worse. The attacker would be shifting screen sizes, in the given justification of bots. Time to add random delay and noise then. They just have to give it a massive fine. Then they can block it for failure to pay. Al-Shabab, but yes. This doesn't matter anyways, consoles haven't been sold at a loss for almost a decade. Because at least with make install you can have some trust in the delivery method, ie encrypted git or whatever. If you use just plain http.... I'm fine with the second too as long as the host is trustworthy and it's always https. Most of the time it isn't. Ericsson, Nokia You're thinking of a union. There should be a software developers' union. It's a valid remark on how companies do tend to treat their workers as little more than livestock. While it is denunciatory, the subject deserves denunciation. See the thing is you didn't do the work, they did. If you can't get anyone to make the tech yourself then that's just how it is. If they decide to make the tech and it is worth 250 million then pay up, or live without it, or try to make an equivalent in house. You don't own your team, you will do whatever is in your best interest and so will they. I disagree both with the premise that denuncing realities of the industry that go unnoticed in a relevant context prevents intellectual curiosity (I believe that as long as it isn't a bandwagon, it actually triggers interesting discussion), and I disagree with the slippery slope argument you present, as it seems quite unfounded. It's one of the reasons I use OpenStreetMaps, despite it's shortcomings. Uh, no. Lenovo and Samsung manage to make better HMDs than the Rift S for 250$. The only disadvantage they have is slightly smaller tracking area, but that's not cost, the cameras are like 2$ each. The only reason the Index costs 1000$ is because its absolutely cutting edge and its controllers and tracking systems are expensive. If it had inside out tracking and normal controllers it would be around the price of the Index. Well, system that has brain wave data and full information on your visual feed and body position and movement can do quite a bit of correlation It depends on just how huge the model is. Some models take multiple seconds to run/backpropagate and might take hundreds of gigabytes of memory, in which case it could be useful. CFD estimations actually put it to be a bit more aerodynamic than the F-150, actually. As we're starting to see, it was mostly Intel not keeping up, actually. Moore's law is mostly holding up till today, and probably for a couple more years before we really have to switch paradigms. The C-Series is using carbon wings, and an absolute fuckton of carbon fiber everywhere. I've seen tech that goes into their carbon fiber parts and geometries, it's incredibly impressive, and I'm confident Bombardier more or less got it down. Not to forget a joint venture with Canada. I'm actually relatively confident that you could get it down to 8-9 seconds to the basic X environment with an NVMe SSD and maybe even less if you were to cache some application states. Great UX is worse than fusion - at least once we get fusion done it'll be worked out, but UX will always be on the brink of regression. Wouldn't even dumping literally all ram contents take only a few seconds on an NVMe drive? It's probably something else. What you're doing is probably much more expensive in the long run than buying a GPU or using a dedicated rendering service. Ryzen threadripper supports ECC memory actually. And most server grade features you could think about. OVH is older than AWS and profitable as it is. Nope. It's just that GPUs carried the mantle. If you have a massively parallel number crunching application you should bite the bullet and port it to GPU, and you'll see a truly massive FLOP/$ increase. And unlike processors GPU performance is still rising 35-45% per generation, although that will slow if NVidia gets too far ahead. Also, if your goal is to get optimal cost/FLOP and you are computing pretty much constantly then you shouldn't be using the cloud, to be honest. If you are IO limited or if you have burst use then maybe, but for cost/FLOP the kings are still consumer GPUs and Threadrippers, by very far and large. Inch precision localization isn't out of the grasp of human drivers. Kimi Raikkonen at Monaco coming millimetetd from the walls repeatedly comes to mind. It also isn't out of the abilities of a bog standard optical SLAM+IMU. AMD is a fabless semiconductors company. They are more akin to low-level software than to the majority of hardware companies. When steam came out, there wasn't scalable cloud infrastructure, they didn't have literally billions of dollars, are there weren't any real expectations. Epic games pretty much has no excuse. Intellij only succeeds due to open source community editions. Not true. There are quite a few jobs that I would do for free, but I so happen to need food and shelter. So far, these are taxes, not tariffs. If they want to charge it to only foreign cars, then they would be tariffs. If they are tariffs, then that will fuck their trade deals, and their domestic car industry. Which they are not in position to suffer. It's just not scaled up enough yet. Many modern firewalls do Deep Packet Inspection, so obfuscation might be needed too. You can run gnome desktop no matter which login system you use. You just have go launch it accordingly. That's a hack. Deep packet inspection will almost invariably be able to recognize ssh/scp from the packet sizes, the patterns, the ports and so on. You really do need some kind of obfuscation. Starbucks won't catch it, but I know for a fact my former high school does, for example. Nope, you can buy LTE capable dumb phones. My local Walmart has them. I would do it. I get cell service over WiFi. It has absolutely no downsides for me. Yes, and the consequence is that there is a shortage of pilots and prices are rising back up. In the age of industrial warfare, economic output matters a huge deal to winning. China was overtaken by the West massively before it got subjugated. If that wasn't the case they wouldn't have let it happen. No it didn't. The first opium wars, at the start of the century of humiliation, began in 1839. Industrialization began in the 1780s. It was literally heavily armed, iron armored steamships versus middle-ages style sailboats. The Chinese were completely fucked at every single level economically compared to Great Britain, and that's why they lost. They literally didn't stand a chance due to their poor technological level, and that was pretty much their fault. Using GDP to measure economical supremacy when the two economies are as wildly incomparable as industrialized Great Britain and the agrarian Qing Dynasty is misleading at every single level. Yeah, China could grow hundreds of times more rice than Great Britain ever could. But Qing China wasn't able to make machine guns, it wasn't able to make steamships, it wasn't able to make any industrial equipment. And that's how Great Britain with 50 million people militarily crushed Qing China. It's because China failed to keep up with technology and lost it's massive lead during the renaissance. That meant that it got lost in the dust in the industrial wars of the time. It's really, honestly, a massive mistake that the Qing Dynasty made by not following western developments and not trying to industrialize despite its massive resources. It's economy was just a lot worse. Like, GDP per capita per year around 300$ (2019 dollars) bad. And that's what led to the century of humiliation, that plus their failure to adapt and industrialize when they had the chance, believing that they could buy the capabilities to face off with a modern army. I never said that Britain was justified in any way in the Opium Wars, far from it. But that's irrelevant to my point anyways. Britain had ulterior problems than the trade imbalance with China. Throwing out 2.6 million pounds of opium (weight) and refusing to talk about it as you denied an embassy, because you saw yourself as a higher form of civilization than those pesky barbarians in the east of the world did absolutely nothing to help, which is why incidentally Russia France and the US were supportive despite not having the same problem as Britain. Refusing to consider a peace treaty, torturing POWs, killing messengers and so on is also a good part of why the opium wars actually went through, there were quite a few times parliament almost shut it down, and I'm pretty sure were it not for the insult that Qing China kept imposing due to their frankly stupid feudal bureacracy and It is true that opium had a large part in it and the British did like the tax revenue it gave. But, as it happens, the fact that China wasn't particularly interested in British manufactured goods isn't relevant to that question, because the fact that China wasn't interested in industrializing its vast worker base has nothing to do with the benefits of industrialization. Your analysis of steamships is incorrect, by the way. 6 British steamships sunk hundreds of Chinese ships, and were able to manoeuvre in ways that Chinese didn't know were possible at all. They also single handedly destroyed hundreds of artillery pieces and by virtue of being able to access shallower waters and going against wind and current so easily they were able to attack Naval fortifications from a side they weren't designed to protect from, destroying them, and were able to carry firepower comparable to entire Chinese fleets. Read about the individual Naval battles in the first Opium war, it's actually incredible just how efficient steamships were since the very beginning of the Opium Wars. They were literally a hard counter to the entire Chinese arsenal, except for land-based artillery of course. My claim of GDP being a good proxy for military capability was prefaced by specifying it applied to industrialized warfare only. And it works pretty damn well, actually, if you take into account morale and readiness. Not realizing it at the time is a mistake that Hitler made invading the USSR, costing him his life, and a mistake Hirohito made despite the warnings of Yamamoto, which lead to Japan losing WW2. Its pretty damn accurate assuming two stable nation states and factoring in the monetary equivalent of throwing bodies at the enemy. Yes, the Naval blockade of the US couldn't use steamships because they didn't have enough of them to block the entire shoreline of the US while keeping them supplied. The geography of the Chinese blockades were incredibly different. Chinese logistics were centered around the main rivers, since, you know, no real infrastructure. The British only had to blockade rivers in order to cripple the Chinese economy. China being a huge exporter of low-value added goods and materials, it was simply impossible for Britain to balance the trade equation. The fact that that simple proposition had to lead to a war is a good insight on why we got rid of the gold standard. Also, even before the industrial revolution, I can think of about 10 counter examples to production capability being the main driving force behind military victory, actually. Logistics and keeping your armies fed was possibly the biggest factor behind pre-industrial empires. Saying that the industrial revolution brought no benefit to warfare until the later half of the 18th century is positively ridiculous. Using industrial weaponry European powers were able to impose disgusting imperialist régimes in a flash, because it was a huge advantage. To most of their enemies, it simply was economically and technologically (two sides of the same coin) impossible to fight back. But you can figure this one out yourself :) I'm sorry but this is ridiculous. China was 20% of overseas tax revenue for the British Empire, and the US wasn't selling any notable amount of opium Pointing out that there were more casus belli than what you think doesn't mean I believe any of them justified the wars. But, Qing China objectively saw the British Empire as lower than them, and objectively refused diplomatic channels that might have avoided this mess due to their perceived racial and cultural superiority. As in many things, it wasn't completely one sided. And yes, the flayed and tortured British Officiers for no reason but to see them suffer. You are completely clueless as to naval military technology of the time. Steamships did in fact have sails. They only used their steam engines in war situations. The steamships used in the Opium Wars were literally iron ships. The were superior in every single way to Chinese ships, which literally could not counter them at all. It was total naval domination due to technology, nothing else. Yes, the fact that the Chinese central government had terrible intel due to the nature of their terrible feudal bureaucracy played a role. However, the British were able to beat down fleets and armies far far far bigger than their own, repeatedly, in enemy territory. Plainly, they won because they had iron ships with the steam engine. That is the product of industrialization. Your perceived notion of the industrial revolution is wrong, that what you say is the start of the industrial revolution is actually after the end of the industrial revolution. Also, tea, porcelain and fine china are either raw resources, in the case of tea, or artisan work. They aren't industrial goods at all, and are the hallmark of a poor economy. China in the last 50 years is absolutely not that. While a lot of their goods are of lower quality, they are industrially produced goods, not artisan goods. That's because the CCP, even since Mao, for all their faults, recognized the mistakes of the Qing and began to mass industrialize. Telegram without GCM is incredibly fast. Compared to my computer with the app/website open, it's at most one second slower, and often times faster at delivering messages, even on battery saver. It also uses less than a percent of my battery per day if I don't open the app, and was 2% of my battery usage in the last two days despite being on the app for close to an hour. Telegram is GPL, I think it would be worth it to see how they use it, because it honestly is absolutely incredible. Yes but the implementation of the notification handling is impressive on the client side. The server side software as far as this is concerned should be easily deducible and isn't the interesting part. It's been a while ago but I think it was either a Kyocera, or one of those Samsung dumb phones. Otherwise there's also the 3310 refresh, although that's 3G. Cool, but an alternative will probably be made in the following months or wreks from the ashes of Corellium if you're correct, except that it won't be public this time, and they might not ever know about it. Security wise, that's the worst move they could do. The only argument for copyright abuse bring theft that is even remotely reasonable is that it possibly causes lost revenue/sales. If it doesn't, and in this case it can't, then there is absolutely no argument for it being theft that holds any more water than a sieve. So you pull a Telegram and create a good alternative to APN/Firebase. SGX is crypto that is already exploited and broken, it offers no real use in this context. Oh, and I forgot, you do need to essentially blindly trust Intel. Access can be defined as a subset of patient outcome for some definitions of patient, that I would argue are the ones that should be used. There's an additional advantage to the Kobo. The whole operating system is just on an SD card, unencrypted. You can copy it, image it, edit, modify it and so on very, very easily and it's impossible to brick it as long as you made a copy of the SD card. Wine and Proton are the last solution, and work exceedingly well, but companies such as EA are banning people that use those solutions for well no good reason. Well actually, they are allowed in the automotive world, re: Tesla. They won't necessarily lower the standard for some applications if the alternative is just regular people at the wheel. You know, all those same things are true of a lightweight XFCE or Mate Linux desktop. They've been true for over a decade now. Incidentally, I put Xubuntu on my grandma's computer for a few years. None, yet. But I don't see why it would be completely impossible. Also, Apple is what, 20% of market share? Less? Why compromise for 80% of users because 20% use a locked down ecosystem (read: jail) voluntarily? That complexity is useful and justified. Yes, but it's barely better when reconstructing the social graph is so easy. Also, Matrix offers a possible alternative. You can easily cheat in a multiplayer game no matter what. There is currently no counter to driver/ring 0 cheats. If you wanted to cheat there are much easier ways than a complete Linux install. Also there is an EAC version made for Wine. Obviously it can't counter cheats executing at Ring 0 or something similar, but it's the same for every OS. You're right, almost none of them do. There are many problems with the headline. First of all, a lot of Denuvo games no one cares about, either due to low popularity or because they aren't very different to the older, cracked version. These are a dozen of games that add times in the multiple hundreds of hours, warrantlessly. Second, cracking groups often voluntarily hold off on cracking games so that they are already updated by then. Often for multiple weeks to a month, where you see the crack to be on yesterday's update. In reality, I'd estimate cracking times to be around one or two weeks, with some high profile, usable at launch games to be cracked in hours. It's stateless the same way Chrome OS is: you put a systemd-timer on sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade, and you only use the web browser and libreoffice. ChromeOS also has a package manager and a full local filesystem, you just don't see it. Don't touch it on and XFCE debian derivative and it's the exact same. Yes, because the benchmark was using spinlocks incorrectly. There are many places where the Linux scheduler is more responsive, even in gaming, exactly because of what makes spinlocks inefficient. The Ryzen scheduler debacle comes to mind. Yes, they worked pretty well for OpenSSL. The issue was found eventually. In a proprietary system, it may have been there forever. Yep, it benefits everyone except exploitative employers that hire illegal immigrants to treat them poorly There are many many many games developped outside the US. Some of the biggest game companies aren't even American at all. F-22 weren't exported, it was probably just at Okinawa Good thing Stadia uses AMD GPUs then :) I have both an Nvidia and an AMD card. AMDGPU is the gold standard. Unity is also quite far from being known for the best performance. This is extremely pedantic and misses the point entirely, and I'm sure you know it. In Quebec at least everything is free before 18, after 65, and for those whose financial situation is dire, including vision, drugs etc... It really depends on your definition of programmable, I can see how it could be argued both ways. For anyone else, Cydia is a dpkg based package manager for jailbroken iOS That's why most countries have state exams :) Even at the height of the crypto boom my computer with a very fast graphics card at the time made like ten bucks a day. Well, I'm able to semi reliably play chess without a board and I don't even play a lot, go is a bit over twice the information so it's not that much. Also, 400 bits of information is about two sentences. Nope, not making enough to be worth the power drain and the noise anymore. What is the legal standard for say YouTube about not carrying illicit content? Just follow that. Make a list of banned hashes or something of the sort. It's different when its done as retaliation for a lawsuit. The courts look less than favourably upon that, in general. Here is a paper on it : https://arxiv.org/pdf/1002.2284.pdf And the second worse thing is to expose it to completely novel viruses. How about we expose it to as many common viruses as we want, but try to prevent novel viruses from popping up? 0.1 vs 2 is slightly over one order of magnitude. Hubei is estimated as being max at the 5th generation, and genomes so far have indicated less than 0.02% genetic variance. I don't see evolution playing a succincts) significant role in this timescale. The USSR was also exceedingly technically competent, except in some key areas and in administration. China could have averted this entire epidemic if they simply let the doctors warn the population of what was happening. Understanding the exponential fiction is key here. You can do 50x times as much effort with great technical ability and execution a month and a half later, it will barely be as effective as telling people to be careful a month and a half earlier. If the executives were paid as much as the workers, they would have very very different interests and concerns compared to nowadays. Even SGX based methods could be bypassed. You could do DMA on the video-game memory, you could plug the monitor HDMI cable into a raspberry pi 5 or 6 camera input and do framebuffer based aimbot, you could stealthily modify the GPU drivers to give you data before some processing stages (you could probably do that without leaving anything in CPU RAM for too long), and so on. You can just edit that code out from outside the hypervisor and no one will be any wiser. And a program from outside the hypervisor can just magically edit the instructions of the game to avoid such checks. You know that most cheats aren't free to begin with? They can actually get quite expensive. No reason you couldn't buy the device. Cheat production is a very big and very profitable industry. A state hero that the state arrested and silence just weeks earlier? That would be transparent. If it wasn't for companies like Facebook using and thus requesting that information to begin with, it would be a hell of a lot more difficult for American and Chinese agencies to get your data. If there is WiFi, the radios will be much much less active or even switch away from LTE/5G. Scaled for inflation? This is mostly Intel's fault. The day Ryzen came out, I almost quadrupled the computing power of my similarly priced Intel CPU. If I were to do so again I could get an eight times more powerful CPU for that money. There is no reason to believe that SARS-CoV-2 attacks the immune system. The study that suggested ADE for this virus showed a very mild effect in vitro. However, antibodies still prevented infection. More crucially yet, a high number of viruses exhibit ADE in vitro, yet only two exhibit ADE in vivo. Moreover, even in vitro, infection of immune cells by the virus did not lead to viral replication. It's therefore unlikely that it shows ADE in humans, especially since its far less severe than viruses that do. You might notice that for critical cases, lymphocytes counts are down. The issue is that lymphocyte counts are low, yet those patients show very high cytokine levels, and lymphocytes also exhibit exhaustion. Studies in a clinical setting have shown that indeed cytokine levels are a good predictor of lower lymphocyte counts. Thus this seems better explained by the cytokine storm. Another thing that's good to know is that this coronavirus seems to have a very good exoribonuclease, which is an error checking enzyme. Mutation rates are also quite low, empirically. It is thus probable that this virus will not evolve too much. Finally, the study that suggests that there are two lineages is deeply flawed. When you take into account the founder effect of international dissemination right before border controls are implemented, and the low mutation rate, you will find that the observation that led to the conclusions that there are two strains is not significantly more likely than the null hypothesis that this is simply a coincidence. Therefore it is not possible to make conclusions about the existence of strains, and certainly not possible to suggest they would behave differently in any way. Hopefully this will lead to the realization that most labour is in fact useless, and a normalization of that fact would be an incredible step forward, which will enable us to increase our quality of life by working less while sparing the environment. It probably won't happen. I would certainly be up for it, at least. A surprising amount of medicines have this incredibly foul taste. I was forced to take oseltamivir during the H1N1 epidemic, and I had to share a pill once (two of my siblings needed a half dose). It tasted so incredibly bitter and just mouth-wrenching Chloroquine is relatively easy to make. I think if prophylactic usage is recommended thousands of tons of the stuff will be produced in very short order. Actually, no. The therapeutic index of chloroquine in the treatment of covid-19 is relatively high. Some people take chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine at about half the acute dosage used for covid-19 (autoimmune disorders) for literal years. Given the half life as you mentioned, once or twice a week with enough lead time would be a sufficient dosage against covid-19 too. It's just that if you want to reach the concentration of chloroquine that you would have to take it over a long time otherwise, you need very high doses. And since you're already infected and have a ton of the virus, you also need higher concentrations than for prophylaxis. No, PCR test for a given RNA or DNA block. It will detect the virus, it will detect dead viruses, it will detect neutralized viruses, and it will detect virus bits. I think given the focus on ethanol and their request for partners they want this to be a mass market product I'm pretty sure one of the goals of freevalve was to make biofuels much more effective (and reach 50% efficiency) I doubt it. If people are able to photograph dark birds at night, I see no reason why a missile with much bigger optics and more efficient (wider band and monochrome) sensors wouldn't be able to find a plane. And those sort of family values come at other, massive societal costs. That honestly doesn't need 2.5GB. On my Linux machine I can run a web browser, KDE, Telegram and Pacman on barely over 800MB. So much more than an equivalent x86 box. That would also kill the person in multiple different ways at once. 384 threads at which SMT level again? What's the clock speed, and what's the IPC compared to say a 64 core 128 thread Threadripper? You'll find it won't compare favourably for 99.9% of workloads. Yes, yes I can. Pacman does background downloads, Spotify does music streaming, Telegram does voice chat. Firefox does the rest. Mind you, that's the amount of memory when I'm doing it all at once. You won't be listening to music, using the browser, downloading updates and streaming at the same time. Game streaming and live streaming are done in hardware by the GPU through accelerated encode. System memory is only really used for sending it to the network. I think the entire Turkey vs Syria situation is a misunderstanding of the tactical situation. Shooting down the drones would have been fairly easy, but Syria wasn't able to sortie its fighters because Turkey had F-16s on their side of the border that would fire off an AMRAAM as soon as a Syrian jet took off. The obvious counter would be anti air, but the issue is that Russia was unwilling to engage Turkish jets on Turkish territory on behalf of Syria (for obvious reasons). The real reason that Syria's tanks were destroyed is because Syria was unable to counter Turkish F-16s, not because of drones. Absolutely. China outside of Hubei has a CFR under 1%, actually. And they sure as hell didn't test everyone or even 10% of those infected in Hubei. If you have hackintosh level access, you would be able to inject kexts anyways. If anyone's wondering, atmospheric pressure is 101 300Pa, so 300 Pa is extremely low. No, they absolutely have not anywhere closed to the peak in Hubei. People with grave respiratory difficulties were given Kelatra and sent home. Outside of Hubei and after the peak, sure. This will likely get downvoted, but it seems to be the most accurate explanation. American culture is not able to understand the common good anymore. And it cannot understand the brutality of politics, nor the need to participate in it. This is the age of children of cages, forgotten in a week for the official opposition to complain about civility on Twitter. Meanwhile other Western countries burn tires and flip over cars for a thousand times less. In non Western countries, people stand up to bullets in order to complain about the government. But this country made mean people on Twitter the main issue in the election cycle, above Healthcare, War and Concentration camps. The American public has grown soft, largely by design. It's certainly a first person shooter, and I'd say an apt one. I would believe that if changing the user agent or toggling some flags didn't fix it. LG actually builds a surprisingly higher number of phones than one would expect. And citizens had to fight tooth and nail, against institutions and against violence to achieve that. Trust me, US elites would have been happy to keep it that way. This is simply false. Facebook creates phantom profiles to track users that don't even have a Facebook account. Companies ultimately respond to monetary incentives. So directly or indirectly, they are giving your data to Facebook because it gets them paid. This is Apple. Unless there is a major downside, they will keep the same prices or increase it. That's Geekbench. The differences in Geekbench for ARM devices and Geekbench for x86 are laughable. Why not compare them in a real life workload like a render on Blender or a kernel compile? Because the way the code is compiled or hand optimized even, which kind of extensions are used for ARM vs x86 (SSE, AVX and so on). Many of the worloads used in Geekbench are straight up directly accelerated, which is fine if the only thing that's requiring CPU power on your machine is Javascript, but not so otherwise. Other synthetic benchmarks of memory bandwidth and so on use all acceleration features of the plafortm on ARM but don't support AVX2 or AVX512, although some other workloads in the benchmark do. And of course you would have to choose exactly which instruction is used in which scenario in which processor(Intel vs Zen 1 vs Zen 2) in order to have the same kind of optimization as for ARM processors. Then comes the issue that vector operations are "hand-tuned", which is not realistic and depending on the skill of the programmer and their affinity with a given uArch can yield vastly different results. Which is why they should either use the fastest library for each processor, or leave all the optimization to the compiler. The only way to do a proper comparison between two uArch is with an open source benchmark compiled specifically for the processor. All of these tasks are "accelerated" by skimping on quality or using silicon dedicated to a specific program. It doesn't matter in real life unless literally the only thing you do is use a browser and nothing else, and even then only JS, not wasm. In which case, I don't know why you would even have a CPU with more than two cores, and an i3 would be more than enough anyways. JS acceleration really only matters if you want to maximize battery life and the only thing you're doing with your computer is contained in a traditional webview. That is to say, it matters little for laptops, as they already have 7-8 hour battery life, and literally not at all for desktops. So, for example, my computer can encode 4 4K videos in real time simultaneously. Why don't I use this feature? Because the encode quality is subpar. So unless you give me a benchmark of the iPad Pro on ffmpeg or any other open source, non-hardware accelerated video encode software, comparison is completely moot. And the benchmarks that have been done on ffmpeg on x265 or x264 show that the iPad Pro is multiple times slower than an Intel laptop. Now obviously x265 is optimized for x86, but not on the order of multiple times slower. Unless it is the case, and that means that your benchmarks don't apply either. Herein lies the issue, for many many workloads hardware acceleration while faster offers results that are not comparable to the CPU in terms of quality. So the only way to compare is by disabling hardware acceleration, and x86 processors tend to win. Metal is a trash API that no one uses in the real world. It offers literally nothing better than Vulkan. And the fact that the chip is "customized for the API" is vacuous. All GPUs are optimized for OpenGL, DirectX or Vulkan. Same for a lot of the "Core" APIs. They will not succeed outside of the mobile market. The T2 chip is simply a glorified security processor. There is absolutely nothing the T2 chip does that a traditional security processor in say a Zen chip can't do. x86 CPUs can already do AES at speeds so high you would need something like 4 RAID-0 NVMe SSDs to have a performance bottleneck, and even then the limitation isn't the CPU but RAM speed. There is no real world scenario where you would need to "accelerate" disk encryption or other kinds of cryptography beyond what an x86 CPU can do. Cryptography isn't some kind of magic you can't implement without some specialized chip, literally everything the T2 chip does can be done using a trusty old x86 processor and TPM. The only use of the T2 chip is for Apple to have more control over your hardware, and literally nothing else. I mean, that might depend on the type of encryption used by your computer but there is a ton of documentation about full disk encryption in the Linux world and for over a decade there is almost no performance hit. My experience with a 2008 MBP running Debian was that disk encryption on or off had a very small performance hit. >The dedicated AES hardware extensions in ARM and x86 cores are probably the same logic anyway, so it shouldn't matter too much who decrypts the data. Maybe it's a tiny bit faster with the T2 though, because then the CPU doesn't necessarily have to pipe all the data through it's buses for decryption then. But that is more or less a feature of having a dedicated separate chip for it, and is thus not tied to the question of whether that chip uses ARM or x86 or any other ISA. I don't really see how that would help, CPU i/o has to handle the exact same amount of incoming data encryption or not. Maybe a bit less RAM impact though. It's a fork of GIMP with a different name, basically. Indeed. It attempts to be a more sensitive name, which I appreciate, but it ends up being a pure negative for the vast majority of the planet save for ~500 million people, as it will lead to appellation and branding fragmentation that will make using and learning the software more difficult, all in order to appease anglophone sensitivities. Anglocentrism in tech as it applies to user facing elements is a very big problem in my opinion. The name is fine. I'd love to make such a benchmark, but I won't because I don't have enough money to justify buying a Mac. If you send me one I'll port the rendering engine over and do the benchmark, though. There is a difference between advertising on Facebook, and sending the data from your users to Facebook in order to advertise for cheaper. But yes, any business that sends your data to Facebook for advertising purposes is bad and should not be used. True, but my thought was that since AES decryption is mostly limited by RAM bandwidth anyways, the transfer from the SSD to the CPU, then from the CPU to the T2 chip, then from the T2 chip to the CPU won't be much faster than transferring from the SSD into the RAM, then decryption, then it being read back into the RAM. Not necessarily. A lot of Bailouts are interest free loans or just outright gifts. I wouldn't oppose them nearly as much if it was the government buying shares at a reasonable price with voting powers, but it's seldom the case. GIMP was installed on every single computer in my entire k12 education in francophone Canada. I disagree, this is a valid point. Making everything about the perceptions of Americans is very bad for open source software. It is a fact that this is a fork of a very well established open source project that will at best fragment branding and documentation because the name is offensive to some puritan Americans. I absolutely guarantee that if this name was a mildly offensive reference to something in pop culture in say Nigeria, no one would care. I agree that the wording of the first statement is provocative. I don't think it's an insult, and I don't think that it's wrong. And honestly I don't believe that a provocative comment is necessarily a bad thing, provocation certainly has it's place in discussion. And while "Americans should learn the rest of the world doesn't go around them" is provocative, in the americentric context of hackernews and essentially nowhere else, I fail to see how it a good faith interpretation of the post results in the conclusion that it was posted solely to provoke anger. It rather seems to me that it is provocative in order to force the reader to consider their personal biases. While you would certainly be in your rights at Ycombinator to remove provocative speech, provocation made directly against the status quo or against the dominant zeitgeist or group in a forum is most certainly useful. Provocative comments such as these help remove pretense and veneer around arguments for and against dominant positions, and when they are made from the less dominant position they help remove the gravitas of more widely held or convenient ideas. I'm not saying that this necessarily applies fully to the comment we are talking about, but stating the comment provocatively absolutely has it's uses. I also disagree that the intent of the comment was to provoke a nationalistic flame war, that depends wholly on the answers and the subsequent responses, and from what I've seen the answers to this comment are much more intellectually interesting that in the ~1 other thread, and I think if it was allowed to progress further would have been more interesting still. This is because it's the only top level comment that addresses the implicit subtext of the purpose of the project. There is massive anglo- and frankly americano-centrism in the tech community. Anyone who makes any decisions in tech communities acts or is expected to act inside of the context of English, American culture, and so on. This leads to, in my experience, a lot of programmers and other people in tech who's working culture is American culture and whose working language is the English language to inform the landscape of tech. This is almost never addressed, except for cursory comments that are almost always inconsequential. The very fact that tech culture is so overwhelmingly americano-centric and that almost nothing is ever done, or that it is almost never addressed when relevant, is why I think that provocativeness when addressing the situation can certainly be warranted. In fact, this is the main function of provocativeness in discourse, because it forces the dominant narrative to be questioned. I believe this to be in the good faith of allowing the discussion to go forwards. It is true that the spirit of the website is to be curious, and if the community did act in that spirit unavailingly all of the time equitably, provocation would not be useful. But this is not the case, neither will it ever be the case when the subject isn't objective tech, but instead deeply rooted almost unconscious assumptions about the world that frankly this community is not generally known for addressing well, direct provocation is, to me warranted. If you take the example of this project for example, the entirety of the project is an exercise in Americentrism. Literally all of it uses the "default" American cultural point of view in order to make prescriptive recommendation about what is culturally better or worse for an international community. And yet, this is not even mentioned in FAQ, nor in any other top level comment. You won't find anyone questioning this, and indeed you will certainly find throughout the website countless examples of people celebrating the Americentric nature of discourse in technology. It is not secret that Americans, in general, are more egregious in their Americentrism than other cultural groups are about their own relative ethnocentrism. This is sentence is, I believe in good faith, true. The only reason I can think of why one would find this less egregious than the leading sentence in the top level comment is because the interpreter would feel targeted by the former, or because one would be provoked. If someone is indeed provoked by that sentence, then I believe it is not a bad outcome - it forces the interpreter to be exposed to this very unpopular yet valid objection. In fact, strong and provocative language in these subjects may be much more effective in driving out interesting discussion than milquetoast, matter-of-fact discussion, which is much better suited to other subjects. Being provocative, even arguing for a position more extreme than your own, is important and when exploring an underexplored yet important subject can honestly be better than disaffected disconnected discourse for all parties. If one cannot answer in good faith to a provocative or attacking statement, then something is lost. Passion in discussion especially in such a profound subject that is difficult to understand because of cultural factors is not a bad thing. The dialectic between thesis and antithesis is very enriching when talking about non-material subjects. It shouldn't be eschewed simply because the opposition may attack the person indirectly, that is unavoidable in such discussions. Putting up more of a veneer is generally unhelpful. I didn't say this is an American thing is. I said that American culture is the "default" culture of tech, and that's a problem. There are very many names of projects, open source or otherwise that are problematic in one specific culture, and that's almost never seen as an issue (rightfully) I don't believe that claiming a group on average exhibits more of a characteristic is a generalization. And I don't think nationalism is when someone talks about average characteristics of the population of a nation. EDIT: I forgot to add, I don't really think that a community with 50% of it's citizens being in one country is highly international. Sure, but how long does a laptop actually stay on idle and not a sleep state or low power state (doing something)? And a significant part of R&D is in practice patent-engineering and slightly better solution to trivially solved issues. I can make you an insanely intricate door if you want with a cheap CNC machine. But I don't see a ton of demand for it. Also, the vast majority of the cost of a half million dollar home is the land. Damn, that's quite striking. No, of course not. The employee complains about not being quarantined for 14 days after exposure. That makes sense. The only way to fix that was to have made a better decision. Quarantining him 18 days later is entirely pointless and adresses nothing. Except when the only reason you're being told not to come in is to prevent you from organizing a strike. I don't know that it's necessarily a patronizing view. I know a lot of people that do sincerely believe that they are temporarily embarrassed millionaires, despite all facts pointing to the idea that they are not. Except if that free speech is an attempt to organize. I would like to add, if the quarantine order on March 30th is about the contact of March 11th, and it seems it is, and if he's the only one being quarantined, then I don't think there's any discussion about whether or not this should be in the right or in the wrong If the company is so essential that strikes by its employees are too dangerous, then it should be nationalized both in the interest of the nation and to prevent conflict of interest. Having a private company and having it's employees banned from striking is really contradictory ideologically and dysfunctional. If a company is private, then the employees should be able to have their private right to strike. Why is he the only one being quarantined then? And from what I'm seeing, the exposure was the 11th, so 14 days would already be up. The employee admits that he was exposed to someone on March 11th. That's already 17 days ago, so the quarantine would be up. So what's your solution then, companies can just tell employees to stay home for no valid when they try to plan a strike or organize, and then fire them if they still try to do so? Anecdotaly, my touch screen devices's screens are less durable than my mechanical keyboard, but I agree with your overall points, touch screens can be made incredibly durable. Fighter jets are starting to use touchscreens, too. I actually don't think it should be legal for a platform to buy software and then remove it from a competing platform. It's incredibly anti-competitive. If they made their own software and didn't put it on Android, sure. But this isn't it. The issue is that this prevents him from organizing strikes effectively. That is very problematic. KDE connect made plugging my phone into my computer basically obsolete, at least for me. I don't know that he can work from home, as a fulfillment center employee. It seems to me that Amazon was just trying to find a way to keep him away from other workers in order to collapse strike efforts. And I don't know that it's reasonable for a company to bar you from the office if you're trying to get the company unionized. gksudo and UAC don't let the process lie about what it is. Some of my teachers use jitsi, which works on the same principle. The teacher sends a link, you click it, and that's it. Works very well, and no limit. I think the best way to understand this reality is that when it comes down to it, a lot more things are political than one would think. For example, "I don't like cats" is apolitical because it doesn't take into consideration anyone but you. But as soon as you say, "we like cats too much", that's political. An example I would give is someone that's debating which feature an open-source project should work on. That's inherently political. The only difference between that and whether or not we should fund smartphones for homeless people, for example, is a matter of scale. An issue I see right off the bat, how do you deal with the reality that politics can and does exist without and within, not just between political parties? I think the best definition of politics is anything that relates to the making of decisions that concern a group of people. If whatever you are doing or talking about concerns how we should make decisions, then it is political. And I don't think that's an issue. To try to limit politics to what happens in an electoral party state is pretty sad and reductive, and contributes to political apathy. I think there's an issue with saying that extremism is necessarily an issue. For most theoretical thinkers, extremism is a necessary result of theory. And there is nothing wrong with that, if extremism in an ideology is an issue it's generally that the ideology itself is problematic.