Why do you have a hard time with that? Are we some sort of special snowflake? Was life formed all at the same time everywhere? For all we know alien civilisations have been around for a billion years already. I guess the difficulty with this is that we're faced with groups that are actively telling us what to do by ways of advertising. They ask more nicely, and are at times much less obvious, but it's still has a great influence. I'm not even in your country, and honestly, I don't want to live there. Where you see people shouting "freedom" the loudest, I see fear, distrust, and anger. I'm just pointing out that no one is as free as you think you are because you always have influences. But I appreciate your willingness for open thought and reflection. I can't wait to see the first team of 5 separate AI learn to insult each other. It'll be a watershed moment in history when the first vote to kick another AI occurs. Sorry, I don't believe in absolute freedom of speech. In fact I don't believe in anything absolute. But enjoy your black and white world. It appears to be a very angry place where one either lives in a fictional idealized America or North Korea. Me too. I'm just weary of it appealing via marketing to those without the skills to fully understand their choices or to understand that their are being advertised to, like children. That's what I keep telling my amputee friend too - just walk it off. That's what I'm wondering about this whole thing - by what metrics can we test MAGA? I'm beginning to feel like this is Obama 2.0 when it comes to a revolution - in 4 to 8 years we will look back and go "huh, pretty much business as normal". I'm not worried about a random scapegoat, but I do just see this fizzling, and the anger and division being there again in 4 years time. The hard part will be "and here's our alternative!" You think anything can astound the left after last night? Make robots pay taxes! I really don't think one can emphasize the health and life benefits of any sort of full-ish body strength training. I'm a huge proponent of full body movement based barbell training, but exactly like you said, pushups, pullups, that sort of thing makes every aspect of your life better. No one has ever regretted getting even a little bit stronger. I love rowing for conditioning. It's up there with prowler/sled for puke factor if that's what you're going for, and it's great for general cardio if you don't like uncontrollable body tremors. In my country / province (Canada / Alberta), IT workers are considered professionals and as such we are overtime exempt while we in no way qualify as "high earners" compared to a lot of the surrounding vocations - is that the same where you are, or are we just getting a raw deal up here? Yup... I'm in the wrong company. That's the philosophy I try to live by. I always assume that in 5-10 years I'll assume that current me will seem like an idiot. "Just run it off." http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/21/if-i-dont-re... Amnesiacs who ate a big lunch could eat another large lunch after they forgot the first one. Not perfect, but it helps indicate a leaning towards hunger, satiety, and the mind. I know for myself it really changed how I felt when I made the move to barbell training. Heavy compound lifts require a sort of zen-like focus that really clears my mind and re-centers me. I can't tell you the number of times I've walked out of the gym with my mood having done a complete 180 from when I walked in. > Good article but in essence, it only works for freelancers, especially the 20 something kind who programs or designs and interacts with his customer through skype. That's exactly my thoughts. I provide analysis & design work for government - even the fact that I'm an early riser is an issue, as leaving the office that 1-2 hours before the government mandated 4:30 end time causes them to be partially without the instant support and feedback they expect. Life, uh, finds a way. I guess the theory is you can't be too poor to gamble? That's my struggle with this - it feels like living in constant fear of something going awry and a bout of extreme anxiety every 6-12 months. I'll take my impostor syndrome and constant medium-high anxiety thank you very much. I need to figure out a way to bill for time I've spent thinking about the problem rather than the time my butt was in the seat. I made that mistake as well. Did what people were telling me to do and it got me nowhere. Got a useless university degree in something I liked because I thought having a degree would help, and was told by everyone that I was too "gifted" not to get one. Found out it just makes you super pretentious at retail jobs while you struggle to pay off the debt. I managed to pay that debt off, and 5 years ago I figured out what I should actually do, went back to school yet again, and again I've spent the last 3 years again paying off the exact average amount of student loan debt in a job that seems to pay about $100k less than what the valley pays. Just payed off the last of my student debt in one big lump sum on Sunday. I was super aggressive paying off my loans and I'm so very thankful they are done. Now in my mid 30's, used to living like a pauper but entirely debt free, and I can finally start putting my money towards things that matter. I really wish I'd gotten good advice about where I should probably head a decade and a half ago, when I still had savings and a larger support network. I would have only had to go through this once, though I know I'm one of the lucky ones in that I've been able to pay it off at all. I'm not against student debt in general, schools unfortunately cost money, I just wish the guidance counselors talked about the ROI of particular degrees and pushed the trades and technical colleges harder. My ability to talk about the socioeconomic results of the black plague doesn't enhance my employability. Thankfully I figured out that SQL, Python, and C# does on my own. Yeah, unfortunately I was a dutiful kid who trusted and listened to the advice to those who offered it. Made that first round of bad choices pretty devastating. Which is why I'm only finally crawling out of the flaming wreckage that was my initial career trajectory now. In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only ! And here I was wondering what my new anxiety for the day would be. They absolutely are. For example: http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150514-extraordinary-pollin... I'm trying to figure out whose idea IT professionals being salaried was. I just looked it up, as a Canadian living in Alberta I make the average yearly salary. I refuse to seem him speak. He's made some sort of otherworldly bargain, I just know it. Like Odin trading his eye for wisdom, Teller traded his voice for magic. Or maybe Penn traded Teller's voice for magic. I could see that. Does that mean that it fails at duck typing? That's my reasoning as well - while we don't do "our 40 and go home", it looks conspicuously similar, and we bill the client by our hours worked, and so any time I'm at work not putting in billable time is my own time I'm wasting. Working at a place that focuses on billable hours and the majority of work is time and materials, the answer speaks for itself. Given the other incredibly insightful posts from people who are going through this exact problem as we speak, and knowing that I'm in all likelyhood decades away from having to face such a problem, I feel incredibly silly saying this, but I totally agree with you - contemplating my own lack of existence is maddening to me. I want nothing more than to never cease being, to never stop learning and experiencing and seeing how the world and I change, and the knowledge that one day I'll stop fills me with intense dread and sadness. It's utterly egotistical, but I don't want there to ever be a time where I don't exist. Which is ridiculous, because I didn't exist for the huge of time, but now that I'm here, I really don't want to stop being. The idea that instead of moving on or experiencing something new I'll experience nothing, and I'll never come back from it, never get a chance to experience anything ever again, is horrifying. I can hold over a HP for a minute, and that's it, I need to go throw up. But it was a fun goal. I love #1, I just find that it never comes without #2. Problem solving is great, problem solving on deadline is much less relaxing. Probably a human bias for us. We can pick out differences in human faces easier, so we can tell the difference in the images. Looking at those pictures, I'd say that the monkey brain puts on 10 lbs. I take water and coffee breaks to try and think, but for some reason most of my inspirations occur at a urinal. Should make a nice nest to put your bottlecaps in. In Firefox Developer Edition everything happens faster than in regular Firefox, though they seem to end at the same result. I wonder why that is. Animation doesn't seem much faster. I think the "neither instance seems to actually make physical sense" is due to a lack of friction. As a Canadian, to get 2.5 GB of data from a larger cell phone company costs me over $100 / month (there are smaller companies that will reduce that, but still, it's little data for quite a bit of money). I'm very happy I can force things to download only over WiFi. I'm 6'6" and haven't flown in nearly two decades - I have no idea if I'm going to fit into a seat at the moment, and have no idea how to check. I'm facing my first work flight next month and a honeymoon in January, and don't know what to do to make sure I'll have enough room. I know there's seat length available online, but who knows if I'll measure correctly and end up wedged into a seat I can't possibly sit into. Funny about all this is that they are charging $200 to remove the immobilizer, and by immobilizing the vehicle it's clear it's not been removed... so why are they immobilizing his vehicle for the $200 charge for removal of a product that they didn't remove? My brain, it hurts. They are asserting that it's their property, but they want to charge to get it back, and will punish you if you don't pay. Man, I love car dealerships. I think it really depends on what you're using them for. I know I use both every day. I find myself using VSCode for more of my coding (taking advantage of intellisense and the built in debugger for my python work), while I find that Sublime has a much better "find in files" (as we use CVS for version control), and its general better for opening one-off files or lengthy debug logs with its amazing speed, and having enough respect to not leave little .vscode folders everywhere you tinker. If you entered gibberish into the site, it seems it would randomly tell you if you were compromised or not. https://techcrunch.com/2017/09/08/psa-no-matter-what-you-wri... International Gibberish Day - they still haven't even made an effort to identify those in Canada and the UK who were affected. It's a whole world of nonsense. Just like everything else in regards to this issue - who knows? It's a noisy mess, and the only thing we can be sure of is that it's going to be a never-ending nightmare for a lot of people through absolutely no fault of their own, requiring constant vigilance for the rest of their lives, and the system that built and continues to support this monster isn't going away any time soon. Sadly, being the commodity and not the customer, even though it directly affects our lives, and in spite of it being a private company, we can't do anything about it. And is the hope then that Equifax will go out of business? Are we under the assumption that either of the other two are better, or are they just the same, and they haven't had their day in the spotlight yet? Absolutely, they IQ test and the relative results are constantly changing according to the population's performance, but if you take a snapshot of the test by using the original test and scoring rubric, you can determine if your IQ changed from your 30's to your 60's in relation to the original distribution. I think this may be an example of the Dunning–Kruger effect - when they complexities aren't understood, it's easy to makes assumptions where you simplify to absurdity. I guess the fun here is if he's intellectually honest about his observations meeting his theory, or whether the cognitive dissonance will keep his beliefs on the rails he expects. Ideally he'll find himself being drawn back towards the evidence based solution. Also, I believe it's hard for smoking craters to rationalize about their observations. Is there statistics for this? I recently dropped 20% of my bodyweight, but didn't find that my behaviour changed at all. If anything as the routines set in it became easier. I would be interested in reading on this phenomena. I've heard this 10% before, but didn't find there to be much of a bump myself. The diet at no point was particularly difficult to stick to once I'd developed the initial discipline. I did find my strength performance to decrease after about 3 or 4 months, but I don't know if that's due to a particular hormonal shift, or being on a caloric deficit for an extended length of time, and a general decrease in mass making lifts harder. So if we took away 1% of that 1000x it's own weight it would be able to lift it? It can't. It will never be able to. Only thing I got out of my engineering dynamics class - ropes don't lift. Well, that and jokes about couple moments. A lift is not a hold. A human can hold a ton of weight against gravity, but that's not them lifting it. See the squat. You can put a huge amount of weight on your back compared to the amount you can actually move. If you put them on an escalator, they could probably even move a distance with it. But that isn't them lifting it that distance. "I guess he kind of bench pressed that steam roller... kind of." That sounds like a twisted sort of indentured servitude - "I gave you life, so you owe me". I think you might be better served getting yourself a dog. More than half of my work is time and materials work (as opposed to a fix bid project), and so it's directly billed to the client. My putting in hours is directly proportional to how much the company makes. I don't like it either, and I feel like I could contribute a lot more effectively on the fixed price items if I wasn't constantly scrounging up T&M work, maybe I'd even have time to think up decent solutions instead of justifying why I have to spend another 2 hours on issue #blah, but it's an example of why required hours exist. That'll make all the "fake news" links a very interesting affair. At the moment the American quality of life is objective worse. The American healthcare system of today is killing people or bankrupting them, but Sweden's quality may one day decline to American levels, so that's a strong enough argument to say it's the worse choice? I feel as though art can have a much greater payoff, and money can be produced in bulk, at a guaranteed value, but even $27k for a card, which you can make a small number before that market is saturated, probably has poor ROI. I think humans are a bad example - we use our own relatively highly developed intelligence to solve problems, and that means we had to feel safe enough from the environment long enough to develop that. But if we look at older organisms, like the tardigrade, there are some incredibly robust creatures out there. I'm getting married to my long term partner in a week, and that's the biggest things that's weighing on our minds. We both want to have children, but we live in a big city, just bought a house, and our economic situation is quite dreary. We'd like one of us to be able to stay home with the kid, but we just can't. Where I live a programmer isn't the best paid position, and both of our jobs are important to our financial success. It'll probably be a matter of getting back to the workforce as soon as possible, and that's really disheartening when you want to give the little one as much of a chance as you can. It's a huge burden on me that I won't get to see all the wonders that will follow after me. Knowing that one day I'll be forced to stop learning and experiencing in a very real and final way really affects me. I want to know if we ever make it off this rock in a real way. What is out there? I'll never know. I want to see how things turn out so badly. Doesn't stop me from wanting to go for a hike. Isn't that the point of projects like folding@home? And hive mind AI is literally skynet. I feel like it was absolutely a money issue. In my experience it's a matter of going "well, we'd like to redesign the screen for $x, but we could throw another link on there for a quarter of $x", and the user will always go with the cheaper option. You can't just say "No, we need to go with the more expensive option" because that makes the client unhappy, and we don't want that, and if you only go with the more expensive, the client will suggest the second themselves. And once the precedent is set with a second link, you're out of luck when you try to redesign for link #3. It's a no win. Well that's more reassuring. Recent project I worked on the dev cost ended up being about 10% of the total cost of the project. It's amazing how much effort it takes to move the institution any. "Should 'FOR REAL' be all in capitals? Bold? Or maybe a different font? I know! We can find a proprietary font that's 99.9% like Arial, but we'll need to throw in specific rules to who can use it and how..." Many animals actively work towards obesity every year before hibernation. They can absolutely gain weight on all natural foods. I think every labrador retriever on the planet would be 200 lbs if they had their way. Regardless of whatever metabolic damage may have been caused, the biggest loser is a bad approach to weight loss, as well as a bad case for trying to see if a weight loss approach works. It's like an addict taking a 3 month detox and then throwing them right back into a pile of needles. They are divorced from every trigger they have in their everyday lives and forced to exercise and restrict, and when they get out, there's the cash prize to try and keep their weight loss until the final episode. After that these people don't have any healthy, sustainable habits, just insane routines and rules. Given how warped their initial approach to food and diet was before the show, it's no wonder they revert to form given enough time. You didn't address their point that zoo animals have to sometimes be kept on diets to remain slim, in spite of their all natural diet. This article seems to think it's a whole gamut of things that keeps these animals thin. http://sciencenordic.com/can-wild-animals-become-overweight Appetite and satiation are far more complex than just "eat until your full and then stop", for instance amensiac patients have been observed to eat waaay more than they should have just because they did remember eating (Rozin et al. (1998)), even they should have by all rights been physically full. There's whole layers of cognitive, emotional, and behavioral patterns with excess food consumption. Personally, I have been able to effectively lose and keep off weight while still enjoying all manner of unnatural foods (Ice cream, McDonald's and candy, oh my). Even farm dogs do their best to get fat. Either way, that's an indictment of activity level then, and not of food quality. Having your metabolism drop should mean that the individual can adjust their eating / activity levels to compensate, but only if they are paying attention and NOT falling back into old habits. I'll bet they aren't. The article says that Sean Algaeir put back on all the weight he lost (~170 lbs). That's not yo-yo weight. That's return to normal behavior weight. "Mr. Cahill knew he could not maintain his finale weight of 191 pounds. He was so mentally and physically exhausted he barely moved for two weeks after his publicity tour ended. But he had started a new career giving motivational speeches as the biggest loser ever, and for the next four years, he managed to keep his weight below 255 pounds by exercising two to three hours a day. But two years ago, he went back to his job as a surveyor, and the pounds started coming back." Like the quote from Dina Mercado says - "The cravings are there.” I'll bet after a time they gave up and largely went back to your old habits. I did that too - I made sure to get my protein (via protein shakes), but after that just ate what I wanted. I developed the same habit too - I ended up restricting things like rice or pasta because I'd rather "spend" those calories on an ice cream cone. The pool. And yeah, we're vastly over simplifying. Imagine all the reflections and refractions that an urban center would introduce. The exception being Tom Bombadil, but he is a strange creature. Ok, that was awesome. I don't buy it at all (if Sauron was indeed a threat to Tom, or if Tom could be bound by the art of the Valar, I feel as though the ring would effect him as well), but it was a really fun read. A fun thought invoked by this, and given Tolkien's intent to create a creation myth for our Earth, is somewhere out there Tom still sits in his forest, waiting, for when the might of the Valar fades. Feels almost Lovecraftian. Do we see these same trends of ridiculous costs across other philanthropic and "liberal" (you seem to apply more meaning to the word than I) countries? Because as a Canadian I can say that I fear no bankruptcy via health issue, and trust that I will be taken care of if I am in medical need. That's true, it's not flawless, but you certainly aren't getting too much unnecessary medical care! That has scary implications now that Google exists. We have a project manager who asks "are you done, or done done?" The two are very different. I recently traveled to the states from Canada and was amazed at the number of places that didn't even have the infrastructure for chip & pin - I was at a popular tourist spot and it was all iPads & Square Readers. That's a super important clarification. I'm sure a lot of us loved algorithm optimizations and solving fun problems, but for the majority of us programming devolves down to "Modify a CRUD website template for the next 20-35 years". Yeah, that's something that a developer learns better as he gains experience, but as a younger dev I know that I craved complexity for complexities sake, and to prove that I COULD work with complexity. I've since grown out of that. It was the audio jack swipe readers. Apple Pay lets you spend that much money? I think with Google Pay + my bank the limit is $100 / transaction, after which you have to use your card + pin (which, let's be honest, makes sense. Do you partake in any sort of sports? As someone who is avidly into strength training, I can't imagine the damage that does to gaining and maintaining muscle mass, and sabotaging your ability to push hard and perform well in the gym. >It's actually interesting how many people I meet at the gym that from the outside appear very fit and healthy, only to find out they're actually pretty ill, from IBS and other gut issues, thyroid problems, etc. The gym is actually masking many diseases for people because physically they appear healthy. Any idea how that compares to the average population? I'll bet you'll find that the gym population is pretty much the same as the regular population, with the exception of possibly greater cardiovascular health. I just take exception to treating a 40 day fast as some sort of panacea, it seems like it's going to do more harm than good to a lot of people. There's no way the rest of your life won't suffer after a couple of weeks of starvation. You're right, being rich initially isn't a prerequisite of being rich later on, but it certinaly does help. If you were look at percentages of those who came from haves and have nots in a 400 person list, how would that turn out? You listed The trick is that you can't just ask questions as a way to enforce your own will, "Why aren't we using Vault again?", but to genuinely try and understand what's going on. "What's our configuration management strategy?" "What lead to us using X?" Absolutely. Ask questions, all the questions. Just be smart about it. There will be time later to discuss these things, and the company will have reasons. If the reasons are ones you can't live with, get out, but you're not in a position to affect real change at this point. But for me when a junior dev is asking questions, it tells me they are actually invested. Yeah, more of a "Keep pumping even if the brain upstairs talking to me" would probably the answer to that. I doubt it cares much for beer. I wonder if it's a less romantic statistic if you look at neurons in, say, the left butt cheek or something. That's how I know a date is going well, when she's looking up at me with a deliberately neutral expression. Things were more affordable 50 years ago when there was a single parent working, then the precedent shifted to two parents and the cost of living adjusted accordingly. I don't see any reason that that wouldn't happen again in this case - to keep up you'd need to steadily increase the number of workers until you're an ant colony. It absolutely is a natural evolution - the pineal gland in our brain, which regulates the sleep cycle via hormones, responds to blue light as a signal to wake up. We see blue light - it's a sign the sun is up and the sky is lit and it's time to go hunting. According to wikipedia, the moon full moon provides about 0.05–0.1 lux. The sun, even on an overcast sunrise provides 40 lux, and can provide up to 120,000 lux. Even assuming a logarithmic response (as in hearing), that's still a huge difference, so I doubt that it provides enough stimulation to get us to regulate the hormones poorly (though I'm sure the moon did affect our sleep regardless). Yeah, cause I want a subscription service / micro-payments for my cpu as well. That's assuming the poor thing doesn't choose to immediately self terminate. I guess it does work in that it makes society more efficient by doing it's best to get rid of the health sprawl - the sickly, poor, and old. This is clearly for specific areas of the world. In Canada "gas furnace" is really the only option, and solar panels aren't terribly feasible. That being said, I recently bought a home that checks a lot of those boxes (gas furnace, clawfoot tub, hardwood floor, central vac, mid-century) and it was on the market less than 24 hours with multiple offers, so clearly the items are valued. I just question the ability to add those percentages to it. The article says that guests can't attend because of the travel restrictions, so it's moving to accommodate those individuals. Are you saying that the conferences shouldn't be allowed to move because "almost the majority" of Americans made a decision? The tech industry, a very small group with specialized interests spread across a global theatre, and specifically, a particular set of conferences, an even smaller sample, is beholden to the almost will of the almost majority in one nation? Yeah, I didn't get that from their statement, seemed a "well, this is the will of the people, so put up with it" sort of thing. Hopefully they'll clarify, because, yeah, I could be totally off base, and I don't want to mindlessly add to the hostility for an unwarranted reason. Thank you for the clarification. In that case I absolutely agree. If the US and the "Will of the People" (which is largely decided through apathy it would seem) decide that they really don't want tech minds from around the world in their midst, I'm sure Canada will gladly take that on. You can, but it's not a lot of fun. I did it for years as a modified BBB element in 5/3/1. I have, at various times done 5x5 squat past 4 plates as well. Didn't last more then 3 weeks before I had to back off, I'm too old to recover from that, but I was working Texas Method at 415 lbs, which was just as hard as it sounds. To be fair, we could make the same complaint in regards to the web - it's largely all plain-text on a line, as opposed to some form of compiled bytecode (I know, it's coming). What we lose in using human speech for precision we make up in it being pretty much universal. Talk about an adaptable interface. You can phone the restaurant and do anything from reserving a table to ordering takeout to informing them that their cat is on fire. >The danger comes in that when you want to supplant the best practice with a new practice, you have to genuinely understand the problem in your context, and be able to articulate a full explanation about why the new practice has an advantage. We're experiencing that exact problem - we're introducing for the first time a company wide best practice, which isn't even defined yet and in a constant state of flux, but it's become a shield the strongest evangelists stand behind "why would you want to do that? It's not best practice?" - the "best practice" might not last the month, and it's not clear why that's the "best practice", but it's become a magic seal of approval. A lot of our work is done on a "Time and Materials" basis, so going home means that the company can't charge my rate to the client. Getting done early only helps my list of tasks and gives me more work to do. We deliver early and get on with the next project. There's little incentive to get done early. I will never cease to be amazed how relatively orderly that evacuation was. Only two people died in that evacuation and that was due to a car crash. I think it's great evidence that, when the going gets really tough, people band together and try to do the right thing. Carriers will still be able to track you via the cell towers you're connected to. I'm sure they can triangulate based upon signal strength, and that's strictly using your cellphone as a dumb phone. And somehow people trust those bribing companies more than the politicians? Some say "bulk morality", I say "immoral, unrelenting, greed". Not exactly a benevolent goal. The Architect was off in terms of the ACTUAL time it takes for the earth to rotate - 86,164,100 milliseconds. What a "stellar" mistake for numerical perfection. Did The Architect screw up the math? There was never a Matrix trilogy, there was one very good movie and that was it. But "milli" implies the metric system's version of a second, which is defined as per the decay of a caesium-133 atom. I doubt very much The Architect wanted us to mix our units of measure, unless The Architect was referring to that window of time where "milli" existed, but we hadn't yet changed the second to a uniform length of time (as opposed to one that would be affected by the variable rotation of the earth). If so, we are already past His golden age. Not only that, but as a Canadian for things like Cobra Kai I need to pay outright to view - that'd be months of subscription payments in one web series if I wanted to watch it. I don't think that it's a matter of worldwide standard of living. I wonder if developing nations have an easier time with a young person reaching a comparable standard of living with their parents, and the developed ones have a much larger discrepancy. In a developing nation success might be somewhere to live, and a job. Before someone from north america is "doing well" you need a partner, a 5 bedroom house, two cars, two jobs, and a university education. We can't meet our "needs" until much later in our life. That's exactly what I'm saying - the goalpost for what "doing well" is has moved, we now expect more of ourselves because of the visible relative affluence of our immediately previous generations. We don't see how the baby boomers started, but we see how they are ending, and that's set the goal for our own success. Could you define "got anything out of it" for me? And what is a universal item that literally everyone will use in their life? We could probably stop general education after grade 3 if that was the goal of education. Is there not value in a basic understanding of, say, history, geography, or political science? Those ideally teach new modes of thought, but at worse they give you a fact or two. Even if they retain 1% of what they learn, they now know that the world isn't as small as it seems, and the world isn't limited to their own experiences. Based upon that older neighbourhoods should lose value as they age and they lose relative space. I'd recommend Starting Strength as well for a novice - it's incredibly simple to start out. https://startingstrength.com/get-started/programs Starting strength and stronglifts are strongly interchangeable the biggest difference is the volume - starting strength is a 5x3 and stronglifts is 5x5 and stronglifts has a row while starting strength has a power clean. For learning starting strength the book is invaluable as the author describes each lift in exhausting detail, and that's important to understand when you're starting - every day in the gym I see people squatting who should have read some instructions. I'd argue that at the novice range the extra two sets of volume aren't required - you will literally adapt to anything at this point. That's why there are so many programs that people feel great on for the first three months before they stop making progress. I do, however, like the row instead of the power clean, as many gyms don't have a setup for a power clean, and it's a technically challenging movement. Many years ago when I first started I did starting strength with a row substituted for the power clean, and that took me a good 8 months before I stopped making progress, at which point I jumped over to a 5x5 intermediate program. You use the same equipment, but it all depends on how nicely you can put the clean down afterwards. If the gym doesn't have a platform and instead has iron weights and a concrete floor, you could be doing some damage to the equipment. The same could be argued with deadlifts, but they are much easier to gracefully put down. Belly fat would be a poor measurement of a lot of powerlifters fitness as well. The article seems to be mixing up "fitness" and "chance of death", which, while they are related, are probably not as directly correlated as they seem to be in the article. That changed drops my BMI two points, and as a tall person, really seems more in line with where I'm at weight wise. The goal for a normal weight is actually realistic and attainable. I've noticed that tall people only seem to be within the normal BMI range if they are the slender sort - if you look a more normally proportioned tall person you're automatically overweight, and very little extra weight put you in the obese category. I tried to skipping immediately to the sound (0:02) that said the words and found that I couldn't hear "brainstorm" no matter how hard I tried, it seems like the whole noise needs to be heard to effectively reset and let the user hear the other word. You can weight 108 kg (238 lbs) instead of 100 (220 lbs) for a BMI of 25 (top of the normal range). 18 lbs is quite a lot of difference, even at that weight. I stand at 198 cm's and hit 238 lbs last summer. At that point I had very little belly fat - 220 lbs would probably get me close to visible abs (the top few at least), which I don't think should be the top of the "normal" category. When you say the majority vs the minority, what do you mean? edit: To Clarify, which groups are you labeling as such? I speak as someone whose largely the sites demographic (20-35, liberal leaning male), so I'm looking at this from a place where I don't feel threatened or marginalized, so bear with me. What's to stop other groups from starting more focused subreddits? I understand what you're saying /r/Politics has a clearly left lean to it, but /r/Conservative seems to be relatively healthy (from my occasional peek in). Even something like The_Donald still survives, and I'd dare to say it's not the content, but its constant attempt at stunts and controversy that's causing the most ill will towards it. I know we've seen hate subreddit's deleted, but I feel that's largely understandable when the very goal of the subreddit is toxicity toward a particular group. I guess the fun with this is that the biggest items on Reddit are going to be the ones that have the biggest population interested in them, but I don't know if it's necessarily hard to create a sub group, it just won't make it to the front page. I'm subbed to a ton of subreddits that meet that criteria. Wouldn't removing the down button just end up with more trolling, and wouldn't the same stuff sink to the bottom anyways as it's passed over for the more upvoted material? That's entirely true. If you want to be in the more popular areas you gotta walk and talk a certain way. It's in the text at the bottom: "The economy of alleged US nemesis Russia is less than 9% as large as the US economy and hasn’t grown consistently in years." Same reason I don't trust cash at all and only trade in goods, services, and jaunty tunes. The value of a dollar could disappear at any moment! Absolutely. A generation or two ago you didn't have depression, you were just a mean drunk. It could also be indicative of poor self-control - if you know that buying the cereal means you'll eat it too quick, it's easier to avoid buying it than not eating it once you have it. I'm not saying that's the case here, but self control can cut both ways. Veggies are also perishable. - Rice and Beans don't go bad. You need to have a plan on what to do with said veggies when you get them and need to make sure you use them before they go bad. Rice and beans are as simple as two pots (one if you're lazy), a little bit of water, and 20 minutes of barely looking at the food. I remember trying to free up memory by throwing LOADHIGH in front of everything. With no internet we were all just making it up as we went along. It's almost as if someone planning an unlawful (however unjust the law) rebellion wouldn't be deterred by gun control laws. There'll also be a lot less energy consumed in the cooling process - A/C is probably grossly inefficient compared to moving water around. I'm sure it's a distribution rights issue - probably someone who didn't want to deal with Humble Bundle owns the book rights in those regions. As a non-American I see it all the time with media. I've got a i5-4670k and I was all set to upgrade my processor this year, but then I looked at the numbers and realized it would barely help what I use it for (coding and gaming). Made me very sad, as I just couldn't justify the upgrade. So now I've got it running a 4.5 GHz overclock to see if it'll give me a reason, and to make up the 10% performance in the meantime. Robin Hood LLC. > It's amazing to me that they think it's a good idea to have people prowling their stores to harass their customers. Every time I have to tell these people to leave me alone. I think the trick is to convince yourself you want to see one of them - I find with the regular staff the minute I break down and go "ok, I'll ask where to find it" is the minute the orange aprons all disappear, like a gang of fluorescent batmen. > Tech companies should sponsor universities or even create their own. I can see some of the major companies saying "hey, we have this university, which you can attend for FREE only if you work for us for 6 years." Sign up? Who do you think would the tech companies recruit for these positions? I think you just described a large scholarship with strings attached. I don't think a company would be willing to foot the bill unless they think the investment is really going to pay off for them. I'm sure the monitors won't help people with air sickness at all. Sigmund Freud was a 19th century doctor. The modern medical field is not comparable to the one 150 years ago when the treatment of most things was "go breathe near the ocean for a bit". The SPE was full of actually innocent people - you had to make a mental leap to imagine their guilt. People in jail are there because someone assumes they've done something wrong - it's (unfortunately) a mental leap to assume they are innocent, even though the law says that they are. I've found that's the best for any sort of physical task - for running it was "ok, I'll run to that light post" - a run could be an hour and a half of light posts. And for strength training it's always a lie on the bad days. "I'm not feeling great so I'll only do three sets today." - I always end up doing my prescribed five, but the size of the lies change as I need it to. For relaxation absolutely - for polio, not as great. It good to see a focus on weightlifting, and I'm glad to see that research like this is proving the same sort of benefit. It seems as though it's kind of faux pas to focus on strength when other options like cardio are available. The standard for physical excellence these days has become the marathon, triathlon, or iron man, where I think that a long term focus on strength training is it's own unique reward, and it's own unique challenge, taking years and years of hard work and focused dedication to achieve peak performance, as opposed to a marathon where (a quick google says) one can achieve with 20 weeks of training. Do we have quantitative research into other forms of physical activity? You're right, athletes still commit suicide, but marathon runners still drop dead of heart attacks too - does that mean the general consensus that running is good for your heart is a bad one? You're absolutely right, it's a bit of a false distinction, and there are years of benefits one can see in either discipline. I just find that with strength there are obvious aesthetic changes for years, it seems to offer its most visible rewards on a much longer timeline. Strongman is an incredibly impressive discipline. The energy one can expend in 30 seconds is just awesome. According to Wikipedia, it has evolved since Freud, so it may not be valid to say it hasn't moved past Freud. On the other hand, I'm sure homeopathy has changed in that time as well. I guess that depends on a bunch of factors - if it's a mild acute depression why wouldn't exercise be useful? Absolutely, long term chronic deep depression needs different therapy, but exercise may very well be a sort of chicken soup for a the blues. I know it's helped me immeasurably, and enabled me to cope with my anxiety disorder and its co-morbid depression to the point where I no longer require medication. It's an extraordinarily unique mental exercise to fight HARD for 30 seconds, to put the bar on your back and immediately start to panic from the weight pulling you down, and to push through that and squat down, feeling the whole time like you're going to get crushed, only to push back up, as hard as you can, and get to the top, and then realize you have to do it another 4 times. Undergoing that level of acute hardship on a regular basis gives one a different type of confidence, and changes how one sees the every day struggles one goes through. It's the exact same thing as people with bad backs. Bed rest may help the acute injury, but the best solution is to strengthen the problem area, not let it atrophy. > Societal standards - Like rituals and ceremonies - Aren't private, though, and should never be subject to secrecy. I guess the term "secret society" is an oxymoron. As I understand it while doing the initial research any time someone says they experienced something on a medication it has to be listed as a side-effect, which is why you end up with "Side Effects may include: naseau, diziness, heartburn, stubbed toes, and spontaneous pregnancy" Given any sort of decent sample size, someone is going to be experiencing depression while under pretty much any medication. "A proprietary program puts its developer or owner in a position of power over its users. This power is in itself an injustice." This seems to be slightly ideologically loaded. Absolutely, there's some shady stuff going on in a lot of places, and they do post some good examples, but I'm not sure that their argument for free software is supported by their evidence. I'm not sure what the alternative is - 100% free, non-monetized software? Is every piece of software to be developed gratis, and for every developer to rely on the generosity of strangers to make a living? > software as a service (aka: data ransom) Isn't it understood that that's what that potentially could be? I have my photos in the Google Cloud knowing that they'll stay there only as long as I can pay for the service. I trust they won't raise their prices like that, but I have no control over it, and if they do, yeah, that's something unethical going on. What is the alternative to SaaS though? SaaS is not only the software, it's also the cloud, and I have a real hard time arguing that charging someone to use the hardware is some sort of physical malware. There's actually money in exercise, and it has huge health benefits, but similarly dismal uptake rates. I wouldn't blame the illuminati just yet. Protein powder is just protein - it's a specialized food source. Are there bad supplements? Totally - but dodgy salad will give you salmonella. Bodybuilders actually use intermittent fasting - the unhealthy bits is the supplement abuse, but that's the sort of thing that happens with any extreme lifestyle. That's also a super limited view of the strength world. What's an "unhealthy exercise routine"? Literally anything is better than doing nothing. Is it optimal? No, but if it gets you moving it helps. Are you talking injury or things that actively make you less "healthy"? I could see an argument from injury, but I'd rather someone have a ruptured ACL now than heart disease later. I feel like we're about to enter "No True Scotsman" territory here. > some testcases of required behavior, and then refactor only code that is supported by tests The difficulty is making sure that you have all the requirements and aren't missing any, and once a system gets big enough, that gets really difficult. And once (or while) the student loan debt clears up you then get a mortgage and start a family - both of which now make you crave a stable paycheck while you get a hang of this house ownership thing and to take care of your loved ones. It's hard to take that gamble when you feel like the world is riding on your shoulders. Totally. If you already feel like you're in a space where everything is riding on you, it's not exactly appealing to expand that responsibility. If you felt freer, you may be willing to take on that burden initially. >naked if-else bodies For my own interest, do you have examples of the way other languages do it? I'm interested, and but I'm afraid to google that. That's the real kicker - be aware of what you're eatings calories. A Big Mac from McDonald's can be less calories than a 6" from Subway, depending on the choices you make as far as toppings. Just because it looks healthy doesn't mean it's a better choice for weight loss. It's a 50/50 change once 105, and given that the odds of 32 coin tosses all coming up heads is 1 in 4,294,967,296 does that mean there's a 137 year old person running around somewhere? But then you're having THEM dump the heat into your environment, doubly so if you have to burn dinosaurs to get there and are expelling a bunch of green house gases. Think of your neighbourhood! I'm only in my early 30's and I am already considering myself 35, at 969 you'd think you'd round up to an even thousand. I'll only believe that exact time if someone counts the rings. A communal eating area tries to follow the same logic - let's get everyone eating at the same place and collaborating that way. Instead it's the same group of extroverts talking loudly and the majority of the office scampers back to their desks to eat while they work. I feel like a once a month mixer would be social anxiety hell. It would be the one introvert per table making noise. What does staring across your paired desks at your tea-slurping coworker feel like? Do your relationships not suffer? My wife would be unhappy with me (and I would be as well) if I only came home to eat and sleep. > people usually get free time in exchange for overtime and not money Either of those are unique among a professional largely salaried. I'm surprised they didn't disassemble the fan proper- while it's not useful as a USB spy device, if we're going to go full paranoia, those lines could still be powering something in the fan chassis itself. I'm referring to the ones that provide power to the fan, not the data lines. That greater agility comes at a cost of stability. It's better for those with the means to not worry about the instability - those who are better able or willing to gamble upon an unsure thing, but it punishes those less risk adverse, or less capable of taking advantage of the system (the poor, those with dependents or debt). I've experienced the opposite - I'm a lefty with the mouse on the right, but with the exception of mouse use my hand has gotten no more dexterous - I still write like a toddler. We shouldn't write off the difficulty of the problem, just because it feels self-evident now. It's much easier to come up with a thought experiment once you have the answer. It's completely intuitive that "0" is a thing, I mean, you can just go "whats 2-2?" but it wasn't always the case. It's very hard to get into a frame of mind that includes only those items the contemporary discoverer would have known. Привет, добрый сэр тролль. They go on to mention that they'd have to put it on credit card, or ask friends, so while the article says savings account I don't think they are that literal. But you're right, it's a flaw in the language. Saving that $300 a year at a highly unlikely 10% interest ends up being $36k after 25 years. It's not solving any problems. To even save up that $500 minimum would take 2 years. We can't just blame it on a single straw-man. I don't know if we can say Zuckberg is boring compared to Buffet - it would seem to me an intraoffice messaging system is comparable to a paper route in terms of the required skills for either profession. In regards to the need for opportunity, I fully agree with that - I was trying to teach myself to code at an early age, but the computer I was trying to teach myself QBASIC with didn't have enough memory to load the help file, and I didn't have access to any other resources growing up in a rural community in the late 90's. Reverse engineering Gorillas and Nibbles was beyond me without outside assistance, so it was wasn't until my late twenties that I was able to rediscover the passion of my youth and turn it into a (still growing) career. What the evolutionary purpose of the senescence cells inhibiting other cells? I feel like it may be a "let's slow down until we heal" type thing, which would indicate there's other mechanisms at play that explains why they aren't being replaced as they should. I could be totally off the mark though. Also, I just looked up how they test grip strength on mice. It's equal parts funny and sad. Hmmm... perhaps the "self-eating" is consuming those weakened cells. They may be the first to get consumed when the body needs the nutrients it's deprived of. I really doubt that outcome - I feel like whoever is advocating this has never actually used SkipTheDishes. It's neither as good as a restaurant, nor as good as a home cooked meal. And we have cheap clothing because of outsourcing cheap labour and material overseas - that's one mighty fast drone. So it's their inability to be replaced that's the issue - some other mechanism is failing us. I suppose in the short term removing the cells "manually" would help. >> I’d give out a one-page handout I’d written titled, “Tips for Working Successfully in a Group.” We’d go over it, line by line. Some students found my tips beneath them. They rolled their eyes. But the most self-aware students embraced my advice Sounds like that arrogance didn't necessarily get fixed.... > Yes, autophagy is selective. Is it? How does it affect lean body mass and muscle mass? Is there any difficulty in working across the border like that? I work for a Canadian company due to having my roots here and find the thought of dealing with remote work in another country intimidating. Is it much hassle? >> and it could be employers who end up paying [their workers more] What a bizarre statement. Who else would pay them more? And why is that framed like a bad thing? Other than the remote work (which I imagine can be isolating and leave you feeling less effective), that sounds like the perfect set up. I've never found pants there were so uncomfortable I'd pay to get out of them. In fact, the dressier the pant, the more comfortable they seem to be. So the extra effort is all in dealing with your own taxes / benefits, and the rest is basically the same? I think the dividing line is deliberate communication - a dog barks because it "wants" to communicate. But then the counter-argument rejects the will, and comes down to "aren't all our actions because of basic chemistry?". I reject that assumption - not because there's a some sort of supernatural element, but just because a whole can be greater than the sum of its parts. There's a massive rift between "sun makes tree grow, preventing other trees from getting the light" and "I'm trying to sell my wares by expressing concepts of value, numbers, and desire". > "Satanist dancing" Wow, I've never been so embarrassed by someone dancing I've called the cops before. That's impressive. Reading the article it feels like this is a combination of the 80's satanic panic mixed with a dose of evangelical convulsions and a dose of the Harlem Shake. Are you arguing that's communication, or somehow driven by a tree's desires?