This will easily break the clove. Ok if you are going for finely chopped but less nice if you need thin slices. Another way is to roll the clove between your hands for a few seconds. Trim the top and bottom off, roll, peel. Also if you use a garlic press, there's no need to peel. Actually it's easier to clean the pres if you don't. Use plastic bags or containers to keep vegetables fresh in the fridge. Things like carrots dry out in no time in a fridge but stay usable for weeks if you simply keep them in a plastic bag. I've thrown away vegetables for years before figuring this out. For a good tutorial on sharpening & honing, checkout this insightful tutorial by French Guy Cooking: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWYIU1L_8vA&t=5s I can recommend setting up audit beat & kibana or similar. Auditbeat is a recent addition to the Elastic beats agents and it sends audit logs for a lot of things, including ssh logins, system calls, and you can monitor changes to files/directories as well. So, you can flag boxes where people are poking around in /etc, and see which boxes are being accessed via ssh by which user. We have this and a few other elastic beats on most of our vms in amazon baked into the amis we use. So anything deployed by us starts sending lots of data to our logging cluster for metrics, auditing, internal application events, stacktraces from our docker infrastructure, syslogs, etc. How can you write an article like this without bringing up self driving cars? The end game for Uber is to get drivers out of the loop completely. So, this is just a temporary problem. It's going to get a whole lot worse if your plan in life is to drive vehicles around to make money. This is not about the gig economy but simply about a lot of jobs becoming commodities before being automated away completely. Anyone with decent navigation solution in their car can compete with whatever awesome skills this medallion used to represent in terms of geographical knowledge. It's an outdated concept that dates back to the days that actually taxis were horse & carriage and it was kind of helpful to have some guarantees that the driver knew where to go. Not a thing any more. I've used both; ant as well in the distant past. More gradle than maven lately but I still have a few maven projects. True for both is that you don't want to push them beyond simple stuff. It just gets ugly and most of your team will look the other way when it is time to sit down and fix the build (usually that job lands in my lap). There are maven and gradle plugins for just about everything and it is tempting to use them but your build files will quickly become very complex and unmaneagable. Worse, a lot of these plugins are poorly documented, if at all, and tend to not add a lot of value. And that's before you start hitting the corner cases, bugs, and left as an exercise to the reader type stuff that just requires copy pasting bits of half working stuff from all over stackoverflow. Once you go down that path, maven and gradle are equally frustrating. Solution in both cases is to simply not even try to do everyting in a build file and fall back to simple alternatives: use a small run.sh instead of trying to get some unholy maven xml blob or gradle script to fork off a jvm just right; really a script is a lot easier to write, maintain and it does exactly what it says. And even better, you get to reuse it in the last line of your Dockerfile where you start your software. Speaking of Docker, packaging things up as a docker image (or rpm, or whatever), is also definitely out of scope for build files. I'm sure it is possible to do with some unholy combination of craptastic plugins in both; but why even bother? Just use a Dockerfile and docker build for that. They are nice and simple and any decent devops person knows how to work with them. Actually, in some of my projects the whole build is a docker build. It's great! I let it take care of downloading the jdk, gradle/mvn, and then let it download the world as a separate docker layer before letting it build the software. Most of the builds it jumps straight to building software unless I touch the build file. Also makes for really simple CI: all your build server needs to know is docker. Also people can build and run your software without installing anything else than docker (and git, and maybe a few other bits and pieces). Add some docker compose and you can do integration tests (another thing that you should not attempt from a build file). Also, with both maven and gradle: avoid multi module setups. They slow down your builds, multiply your complexity, and all for the illusion of not quite having reusable components. Once you have two modules, you will need three, and four, etc. There's no end to it. Just don't. Usually you are just looking at Conway's law in action: it rarely buys you anything but misery and slow builds. KISS & YAGNI. Funnily, 10 times harder is exactly my experience with most maven plugins. Maven is fine if you stick to compile, test, and jar. Anything beyond that just tends to escalate into madness. Was wondering the same. I've been using csvkit a lot lately. This looks like a subset of functionality using more or less the same approach. Csvsql uses sqlite under neath and you can do some nice things with this like joins, using sql functions, etc. There is also stuff like amazon athena that allows you to do similar things in s3 at scale. Csvkit is great with pipes and you can also easily convert between csv tsv and even stuff like json. The reason RSS is still here, is that things like feedly, inoreader, and others that filled the google reader gap continue to have millions of loyal users and just about every blog and news publisher still publishes rss feeds because it is easy to do and you lose potential clicks if you don't. Google killed Google reader to make buzz work (failed) and the several other thingies they have been pushing since (also failing). FB, twitter, and the "more of the same old shit" algorithms that they try to pass as machine learning are currently failing in the market. FB is losing users because it has nothing interesting to show to them and because they have been taken hostage by paying customers that depend on idiots clicking on click bait. Twitter is desperately trying to get rid of real time because they believe it is more "interesting" to keep week old tweets on top that are somehow "more relevant". The branding thing is a bit disingenuous; this is really about ads and tracking. Good luck with that, blocking all of it like most serious users these days and also GDPR is not going to help your cause. RSS as a publishing mechanism is fine. The firehose needs work though. It needs reliable filtering, curation, and aggregation. That's the gap filled by hacker news and other aggregators. And having access to the firehose is nice sometimes. Back in the day at Nokia Research we were abusing their N800 linux tablets (mind you, this was 2007, way before the iphone shipped and when android was a mere rumor). These things were running a debian linux based OS with X based UI, and a mozilla based browser. Pretty much anything command line just worked after a simple apt-get install and most gui stuff kind of worked except for formfactor issues (low resolution screen, touch based interaction, keyboard overlay, etc.). The N800 specs were very modest compared to this stuff (something like 500Mhz and 256MB if I'm not mistaken). So, for command line stuff, most of the stuff you'd use 12 years ago would still be valid today. Stuff hasn't really changed that much. If anything, some things might run a bit faster than they used to on the same hardware due to ongoing optimizations and cumulative fixes. E.g. python has improved a lot since 2.5, which I think was current then. Compilers have gotten better, kernels have improved a lot, etc. However, these days, a minimum requirement for most would be to be able to run a modern browser (i.e. with all the security holes patched) capable of browsing all popular websites. Unfortunately, that just requires a lot of memory and CPU these days. Websites have gotten a lot more complex in the last 12 years. I'd say memory is actually the biggest bottleneck here. Most laptops are effectively idling most of the time and grow extremely hot if you actually run them at 100% CPU. So a modern low power ARM SOC with enough memory suitable for e.g. a mid range smart phone of around 200$ should have everything you need for comfortable browsing. I tend to regard interviews as an opportunity to determine if the company doing the interviewing is worth working for. People like me are highly employable/contractable. So, the way an interview works is very simple: you got lucky enough for me to take note of the fact that you are looking for somebody with my skill-set and I've determined that you are worth talking to. Fantastic, because I ignore all HR & recruiter spam so you probably found me through some mutual contact that I trust. Great, now we meet and my expectation is for you to decide to hire me on the spot and be extremely enthusiastic about it and get in a mode where you are selling the job to me as something that I want. We both know that nobody else similarly qualified is just going to walk in and take the job. If so anyway, my advice is to hire them on the spot. No hard feelings. So, very simple choice. Either we like each other or we move on. You don't get to ponder your decision for very long. The words "home work exercise" typically don't feature in such a conversation. This solves part of a real problem. There are a lot of tools out there but end to end integration is left as an exercise to the reader. I'd love some out of the box sanity when it comes to devops, CI/CD, and cloudhosting. Instead I'm stuck building nw architectures, deployment scripting, dealing with archaic broken by default configs of misc bits and pieces, host configurations, build servers & CI/CD pipelines, etc. from scratch. Add log aggregation, security auditing, and other nice to haves that are actually not optional these days (what are you running blind and ignoring failed ssh attempts?) and you have a full explanation why so many companies make a mess of all of the above. IMHO a lot of stuff in this space are either focusing on making life harder through added complexity to up-sell support or more services or on solving a narrow problem in such a way that you have to still take care of a lot of other stuff. Basic income for some is not basic income. No country has tried this yet. Most countries actually do have a form of basic income where they are subsidizing food, shelter, healthcare in some form or another for essentially all people falling outside of the safety net of income, pensions, social security & welfare, charity, etc. I tend to think of basic income as the former without the absolutely massive bureaucratic overhead. An enormous cost saving in other words. To put this in perspective: many European countries spend almost as much on unemployment programs and related bureaucracy as they do on the actual benefits payed to the unemployed. With a basic income you could abolish minimum wage, make labor cheaper for companies and less risky, make it easier for people to take multiple small jobs to supplement their basic income and reduce their risk, stop forcing people to retire or forcing them to work until they are allowed to retire (both are bad), make all forms of income insurance opt in (pensions, disability benefits, unemployment insurance), etc. It just simplifies things a lot. The reason this is not happening is that dismantling the existing bureaucracy is highly disruptive and will be hugely unpopular. I love this book. Still very current despite the fact it was published in the nineties. I re-read most of Neal Stephenson's stuff every few years. Just finished Anathem, again ;-). I see this as a form of hidden unemployment that we just happen to favor sponsoring collectively for whatever reason. These people would fall back to basic income and be free to take jobs just like everybody else; depending on ability and willingness. But I take your point and this is why I pointed out that dismantling this will be highly disruptive and unpopular. Ironically, the problem is bigger in countries that are more likely to otherwise be in favor of a form of basic income. I.e. countries with extensive existing social security systems. Sure, just like today's disabled people are not left to die on the streets. Many disabled people never had careers to begin with so it is not a massive change. And you could always opt in to some form of disability insurance. Varies from country to country of course. The UK has comparatively little job security and benefits and it is an expensive place to be out of work. I did the back of the envelope calculations for the Netherlands a few years back and the amounts spent on this are quite high. I've confirmed with friends from Finland and Germany that the situation is similar there. But based on the numbers you cite, the UK has about 66M inhabitants. So 167 billion/ 66 million, is about 210 per month per capita. Not great to live on of course but it's a start. And this is absolutely everybody counting babies, children, the elderly, etc covered. I quickly googled some numbers https://fullfact.org/economy/welfare-budget/ that are loosely aligned with what you cited with a little more detail. Based on their number of 217 billion, you get to about 273/month. That's a little under what wellfare gets you per month ( https://www.gov.uk/income-support/what-youll-get ). Interestingly that 217 billion includes only 2.4 billion as unemployment benefits as opposed to a category of 'other' that is listed as 14.5 billion or 18 pounds per month per capita spent on what I assume is bureaucracy. That 217 excludes NHS, which is another 110 or so billion; or about 138 per month. Since that basically already takes care of healthcare for everyone; no need to change that. You get where I'm going with this. if you start doing back of the envelope math like this, stuff starts adding up towards an admittedly lowish basic income for everybody being feasible at the cost of 23% of GDP. It gets better if you take into account that some people live together (aka. families) and can pool resources. It gets even more interesting when you start looking at the tax situation. Income tax + social insurance fees don't quite add up but can be supplemented by VAT, corporate taxes, and other fees. Arguably, if you make labor cheaper, you could raise the corporate taxes a bit. Also, people that work still pay taxes over what they earn extra. There are a lot of people that are not working at all right now that might work a little bit if it earned them some extra. So, it's not a zero sum game and there are lots of financial knobs to fiddle with here of course. They invested in and are partnering with Here for maps and navigation. Having worked there, providing global maps and navigation is a very non trivial thing to pull off; which is why there are only handful of companies doing their own maps. It took Apple and Google many years to stop depending on third party maps that they were licensing from Teleatlas (now owned by Tom Tom) and Navteq (now part of Here), which were at the time the only suppliers of maps and navigation world wide. Apple is still in the process of shifting away from Tom Tom I think. Ironically both got more serious about doing their own maps after Nokia bought Navteq. So, Amazon did the smart thing and simply partnered instead of reinventing that wheel so they could have a maps solution for their Android fork and not depend on Google Maps while still implementing the relevant APIs for app compatibility. Here is in fact using AWS so that ticks that box ... OSM is nice but entrenched in licensing issues that are preventing adoption by big corporations. That's the reason that you'll be hard pressed to find anything but niche products for navigation based on OSM. It's a great solution if you are not mixing your own data sources with what OSM provides but that is not an option for most commercial players and OSM licensing is all about preventing exactly that. Microsoft had OSM maps for a while on Bing but they couldn't do any fancy features based on their own data on top of it so it got scrapped. The only meetings engineers should have are 1) regular status/planning meetings and other agile related meetings. It's a good idea to block these in a single time block. 2) one on ones with managers. These are short meetings and can be planned well in advance or be very adhoc. 3) whiteboard meetings for problem solving. Everything else tends to be a waste of time. 4) very infrequent all hands type meetings. Since leaving the corporate world, I've been doing startups and freelance work. I tend to not use a calendar for meetings because they are so rare these days. Likewise, I've all but eliminated email from my life. It's just not a thing anymore to read and write lengthy emails. We use slack to replace both meetings and email. I use Umlet in the rare case where I actually need to produce a diagram. Umlet has a nice delarative syntax and allows you to create complex diagrams with a minimum of fuss. Which for me is the key point because Imho, most diagrams are completely pointless. The less time spent on them, the better. But sometimes you just have sit down and waste some time on them. I don't get a lot of value out of diagrams for the work it takes to produce them. The problem is not saving the publishers and aggregators (aka. newspapers, magazines, etc) but reinventing journalism. All major publications, including the big ones, have been squeezing on journalistic quality. There's a surplus of journalists that are either unemployed or peddling their services writing freelance articles where they are payed by the word. That's not sustainable in its current form but it might be the beginnings of something new: offering these people a way to get revenue. This business is essentially reputation driven; good journalists get payed more and have an easier time getting their work published. Right now they do this at fixed price by selling themselves to media syndicates that are taking most of the profits for themselves. There seems to be no way other than monetizing through largely ad driven media silos. This is a race to the bottom. You get shit articles that offer confirmation bias to pre-selected demographics based on what ads they can publish. I'd gladly pay up for a netflix/spotify style news subscription model with a fair distribution model. This would enable niche publications and journalists to do their thing in the same way that niche artists and series are thriving on spotify and netflix. But it would have to be an inclusive platform; I'm not paying for a handful of big brand publications with some filler content that I can get elsewhere for free. I want basically a good subset of all relevant publications in the same way that most artists are on Spotify. I don't want to have to micromanage subscriptions either. Just measure what I read, and how long I read it, etc. and make sure the relevant copyright owners get their cut. I want good journalists to get a fair cut of the earnings. That's money the journalists are missing out on. I've not bought a news paper in years, I have no online news subscriptions and never payed for paper subscriptions. I also have an ad-blocker and routinely bypass naively implemented paywalls with private browsers. That's billions of completely untapped revenue potentially and none of it ad based. Enough to pay for the work of tens of thousands of journalists. At 5$/month, 20 million subscribers is about 1 billion in revenue, which at a generous 100K per year could pay for 10K journalists. I'd say a good enough platform can easily do better than that in just the US alone. Companies like oracle typically require copyright transfer for contributions. This allows them to use differently for their enterprise version since they are the only copyright holder. It is designed to have properties similar to currency. So yes, it is money technically. But from a legal point of view this is less clear with some countries treating them as securities instead. And from a practical point of view the high transaction cost, slow throughput, and big exchange rate fluctuations make crypto currency unusable for day to day usage. However, this can change. Proof of stake and other approaches can fix the technical issues and some countries are further than others with legislation. That's the case right now; except I don't read any of that. To get my money, journalists would have to up their game. And mind you, I pay 0$ right now. So changing that changes the incentives. If people still mostly want the stuff they are being fed right now AND are happy paying for that, well ... who are we to complain. Recently getting into kotlin and to a lesser extent Rust; also from a Java background. First of all, there's more to learning a language than understanding the syntax. That you can accomplish in a few hours, depending on your understanding of the underlying concepts. But from there to grasping new idioms specific to a language and generally being productive takes a lot longer. You have to engage with it for longer time and be forced to solve all the day to day problems you are going to have. So, learn by doing that. Just pick any modestly scoped project you are interested in doing and start doing it. Start with something not critical but still interesting enough that it is worth doing. I tend to avoid completely academic stuff. Then build on that. In my case, I've been converting Java code to Kotlin for a few weeks now and am getting to the point where I'm comfortable with the language. Kotlin is of course the easy thing to pick up if you are doing Java since it is designed to be easy to make the switch. So definitely would recommend doing that provided your team is OK with that. It starts paying off pretty early in terms of reduced complexity and verbosity and extra type safety. Rust is a bit harder but the only way to learn is by doing. I've been taking baby-steps there but it looks worth my time. There I've been reimplementing some OSS stuff I did years ago with an eye to reviving those projects. Progress is more slow because it is too academic. But rust has a lot of new idioms for me to wrap my head around before I can use it professionally so slow is not necessarily bad. I've been spending some quality time with Kotlin the past few weeks and have been converting some of our Java code. The fact that this is easy and that you can mix java and kotlin code makes the transition very easy. Mostly the transition has been pretty smooth and I'm liking this enough that I don't really care about switching back to Java at this point. For reference, I've been doing Java since 1996. It's been my primary language for most of that period. Kotlin is a big deal for me and I'm not doing this on a whim. I've been following Kotlin progress for years before deciding to switch. What this author seems to get hung up on is that not all Java idioms port well to Kotlin. Some of his criticism is fair, e.g. the companion object thing is indeed a bit of a kludge. No matter how the Kotlin people spin it, the fact is that it is coming up frequently in forums, stackoverflow, etc. It's clearly a problem and it is entirely fixable. So, it would be helpful if they added proper support for static fields and methods without requiring ugly annotations and offer full back and forward compatibility to Java. The JVM supports it and clearly their compiler supports it if you get insistent with the right amount of ugly annotations and verbosity. So, I see no sound technical reason for not doing this. However, it is not a show stopper. Companion object with some functions, add @JvmStatic annotations, problem solved. There definitely are some more ugly corners in the language but mostly is clearly better than Java. And just because it's there doesn't have to mean you have to use all of it all the time. Adding question marks all over the place doesn't look like idiomatic Kotlin to me. Better to just have null safe code and not having to deal with nulls. Also, java.lang.Optional works just fine in Kotlin and kotlin probably adds some useful extension methods. Otherwise, sane generics, extension functions, flexible property definition, data classes, no difference between boxed/unboxed primitive types, etc. All great stuff and kind of refreshing after dealing with Java's broken type system for years. Add to that the upcoming support for co-routines, javascript (you can do react apps in kotlin) and native compilation, and the endorsement for android development, awesome tool support, etc. and you have a great language that is ready for just about anything. So, mostly good stuff to say about Kotlin. As for Scala/Groovy, I never really cared for either. I'd say Kotlin's strength is that it cherry picks a few popular things from those and other languages without really trying to be those languages. It's seems to be succeeding where those languages failed in trying to get Java developers to abandon Java. Java 10 is a nice incremental change but doesn't really address most of the things that Kotlin fixes. Hmd/Nokia succeeded where Essential failed in roughly the same timeframe grabbing a lot of marketshare. So it can be done. Essential fought themselves into a corner with a product that was too expensive and not that remarkable or indeed essential. Wrong strategy and they failed to deliver something to differentiate their products. Nokia took a more simple approach by first covering the low end with attractively priced and relatively well received products. Crucially, by shipping stock android, they took software off the critical path and wowed consumers at the same time by not exposing them to the usual crapware and focusing on hardware quality instead. Then they started doing the same for the mid and high range. It turns out there's a market for well built phones that simply run the latest android. Reminds me a bit of intentional programming, something that Charles Simonyi has been pushing for a few decades. As far as I know he might still be pushing this but I haven't seen much progress since 2002. Or use csvkit ... Pretending to do agile seems to be widespread thing in our industry. There are literally no companies out there not claiming to be agile. So, the word has become meaningless. Scrum is the lowest common denominator in our industry when it comes to that. Agile implies getting things done and getting things to market. If scrum helps you do that great. If not, ditch it. In my experience, Kanban is a step up on the evolutionary ladder. Both have issues with not prioritizing essential activities related to research, refactoring, etc. that you need to guard against. There's a difference between agile and firefighting. One worry with scrum is the roles of product manager and scrum master. In my experience these things end up being formal job titles in bigger organizations. This is bad because they are typically on the very low end of the scale. That means you end up with the least experienced people filling these roles and a lot of corporate politics. I've seen more than a few organizations that were hiring accordingly. I tend to not use desks at home and have my laptop on my lap. I can use a couch, chair, or bean bag on my balcony. Key is to not put strain on your shoulders or neck and move around during the day. For me, using a normal desk for extended times actually feels uncomfortable. Having to lift my arms and elbows to reach a keyboard feels wrong. Dockless bikes can be found as well via an app. I use mobike in Berlin. They have a map in their app that you can use in the unlikely case there aren't multiple bikes in visual range. Berlin has a ridiculous amount of competing bike share companies. Multiple companies put many thousands of them on the street. Docking is not an option at that scale. The article seems to imply some inherent advantage of the docked variety that I just don't see. Also despite success and excellent safety numbers the article is calling for regulations. Why? From my point of view, dockless is clearly winning in Berlin. Getting people moving is a good thing. Ensuring every steet corner has plenty of bikes means grabbing one is a no brainer. Correct, github sold out to investors, which then owned them, which then sold them out to get an exit when it turned out the company was in no shape for an IPO which is the only reasonable other exit if you are looking for a 10x ROI on a company that burned through hundreds of millions. Investors were in this for a huge exit and they just got it. In fairness, MS bought a valuable social network of essentially the entire OSS and developer community. As an independent entity, Github would have had to evolve in a very different way and gone more aggressively after making money, fixing their cost structure, like most of their competitors like Atlassian, Gitlab, and other companies selling developer tools as a SAAS service. So, even though these are comparable companies with comparable offerings, the value proposition is very different. There is no way in hell Gitlab is worth anywhere near what MS just paid for Github. Being based in silicon valley means Github paid a premium for being there and burned through loads of cash paying for expensive developers, fancy office space, etc. Much cheaper if you are based elsewhere, have less emphasis on wanting to have every OSS project on your platform and more emphasis on selling tools to corporations. This is in a nutshell the strategy for Atlassian and Gitlab. Both also offer freemium layers for OSS but mostly their deal is upselling to their paid offerings. Growth that way is much slower. Though, I would say, Gitlab is now pretty well positioned to succeed where Github struggled. There's a lot of snake oil for sale if you are looking to spend money on solving this problem; this probably is more of that. The reality is that mostly we've gotten better at avoiding things that clearly don't work or are historically obviously misguided/inappropriately expensive (waterfall, CMM level 5, etc); and instead emphasizing things that don't work slightly better: managing risk by doing iterations, not attempting to plan the unplannable eventualities too far ahead of time, etc. Some people refer to this as Agile. Other people as common sense. Either way, not wasting time on things that clearly don't add value tends to free people up to do something productive (duh). There's a pattern with agile with mostly non technical people higher up the management chain getting overly excited about things like estimates, velocity, burn charts, etc. I usually call stuff like that the illusion of progress and waterfall in disguise. Scrum particularly seems to have devolved to decorating offices with post its and employing busy looking people with moving those around and manually tracking them in convoluted tools like Jira. But undeniably, we've gotten better over the past decades at building stuff with huge groups of people. Any idiot can probably gobble together some lines of code that does something vaguely useful. But committing to building stuff with hundreds or thousands of people is a different game. It requires lots of money and focus and there are quite a few companies that are doing this successfully. A bigger pattern in our industry is that people seem to have shifted to calendar driven roadmaps for the most important bits of software where they ship whatever is ready on a fixed dates instead of committing to a long list of stuff shipping whenever it is ready. E.g. Apple ships OS versions once a year, Mozilla, Linux, Chrome, etc. ship every few months, typically with massive amounts of code changes. You are extrapolating an opinion that I don't have. I don't consider the founders, investors, or MS evil. The only mildly controversial thing here is that a big corporation like Microsoft with a long history of hostility towards anything OSS ended up buying the goto gathering place for the OSS community. I don't think that ever was a dream scenario for any of the early founders or early adopters of that company. It will be interesting to see if e.g. Linus Torvalds migrates his linux repository elsewhere. But obviously, Github was never a charity. It is owned by a group of investors that invested hundreds of millions. An exit in the form of an acquisition or IPO are the only two reasonable happy endings for such a company. This was like this from the day the founders decided to sell ownership to investors. That's what it means to play that game. Usually a first round leads to follow up rounds. Which leads to revenue and ultimately to an IPO. That's the scenario you pitch to investors. In the end it is about shareholder value. So, normally an acquisition is considered the less ideal outcome of those two. It implies some sort of failure to deliver. Github running without a CEO for a while, reported cash flow issues, and then getting acquired by MS sort of supports that kind of story. I'm assuming the founders did indeed well for themselves. I'm wondering if the same applies to their employee stock option programs since typically those are a bit lower in the pecking order. I don't really know enough about the ownership structure to say anything here but I imagine for most employees ending up working for Microsoft might not have been the dream outcome. And as for most Github users, this probably was a bit of an surprise/shock. In my case, I'm a paying customer and I see no reason to change that. Love the product so far and MS seem to have the right intentions and strategy to keep it that way. Performance reviews are a form of legal ass coverage for companies. Their purpose is to re-enforce the notion that there are rules and that everybody is treated equally and have a paper trail to back that up. This paper trail may be used for defending choices for promoting certain people and not promoting, or worse firing, certain other people. They are a formality if nothing is wrong but in case something is wrong, it can be key in e.g. lawsuits or other forms of conflicts. Of course the sad reality is still that e.g. women get treated unfairly in a lot of places and that your mamager's bias or their relation with their peers play no small part in how you get treated. It's far from perfect as a system. The bigger the company the more likely it is to have very elaborate ass coverage when it comes to these things. So, keep in mind that it might be less about you and more about them when you are having that conversation. They are required to have that conversation with you. It's not optional; it's a box that must be ticked. However, performance reviews are not necessarily a bad thing and I've had some great managers give me great advice. I would just add that a good manager would not wait until the review if things aren't going great and some of the best managers I worked with made a point out of doing regular one on ones. Coaching happens outside of performance reviews. Performance reviews are also your opportunity to speak up. I once pointed out that I had nothing but good reviews but no recent raise. It went up the chain, they checked their records, and I got my raise. It was a modest one but it felt important to me. These things work both ways. Club mate is the drink of choice in the start up community in Berlin. I've made the mistake of drinking that in the evening a couple of times and regretted that at 4am by being wide awake and unproductive the next day. If you are not familiar, mate tea which this is based on contains a form of caffeine that is particularly potent. It's like drinking multiple espresso shots. Don't drink this if you have blood pressure issues. In general, I've learned to moderate my caffeine intake and restrict myself to mornings only. The more you consume, the more you need of it to work at all, and the more likely you are to have side effects like feeling tired, having poor sleep rythm, headaches, etc. When used in moderation it's a great tool for getting yourself productive after a lazy weekend on a monday morning. However, if you feel tired all the time, stop drinking coffee and get a few nights of good sleep in. As much as I appreciate the conflict of interest here between doing good, making money, helping the US government do its thing, and simply chickening out for PR reasons; I'd like to provide a few sobering thoughts. AI and misappropriation by governments, foreign nations, and worse is going to happen. We might not like it but that cat has long been out of the bag. So, the right attitude is not to decline to do the research and pretend it is not happening but to make sure it ends up in the right hands and is done on the right terms. Google, being at the forefront of research here, has a heavy responsibility to both do well and good. I don't believe Google declining to weaponize AI, which lets face it is what all this posturing is about, would be helpful at all. It would just lead to somebody else doing the same, or worse. There's some advantage to being involved: you can set terms, drive opinions, influence legislation, and dictate roadmaps. The flip side is of course that with great power comes great responsibility. I grew up in a world where 1984 was science fiction and then became science fact. I worry about ubiquitous surveillance, un-escapable AI driven life time camera surveillance, and worse. George Orwell was a naive fool compared to what current technology enables right now. That doesn't mean we should shy away from doing the research. Instead make sure that those cameras are also pointed at those most likely to abuse their privileges. That's the only way to keep the system in check. The next best thing to preventing this from happening is rapidly commodotizing the technology so that we can all keep tabs on each other. So, Google: do the research and continue to open source your results. It's not so much bias but demographics. The amount of people in the software industry has been doubling every five years since programming became a thing. At 43, that means I mostly get to work with people much younger than me. The median age seems to be about 28. I also have friends that are in their fifties of which there are even less than my age group . For every 50 year old there are four 40 year olds, 16 30 year olds, and so on. I actually think it's great. Keeps me young and valued because experienced people are so scarce. Here's a related article that circulated in finnish media a few days ago: https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/finnish_researchers_use_a... This is about the apparent work of a Finnish researcher to come up with a scalable way to produce fuel from air such that it can be done locally. Think gas stations producing their own gas. Right now this would be relatively expensive because of energy cost but as those drop and the technology is improved, that cost can go down. Stuff like this not surprising for anyone that has followed news around renewables lately and a very cool side effect of the fact that renewable energy prices have been dropping exponentially for quite some time now combined with the fact that the cost of lots interesting chemical processes are primarily driven by how much energy is required. As energy becomes cheaper, those chemical processes become more feasible and the demand for more energy causes people to invest in making that cheaper further. The same economic dynamic that is causing us to destroy our planet is also producing the solutions for saving it. For example, producing clean water is a trivial process if you have cheap energy. This is why desalination plants are popping up in lots of places where clean water is scarce and they tend to be paired with wind/solar plants. You can also produce fuels out of water and the resulting fuels, whether it is hydrogen or hydrogen peroxide, are useful ways of storing energy. Oil is a scarce resource that is hard to procure and therefore relatively expensive. If there's an energy intensive way to produce oil from CO2, that's great news because that means it's just a matter of time before the price of that energy drops enough to make that worthwhile. Things like this can go from being too expensive to only slightly more expensive to being magnitudes cheaper in the near future. What I love about this is that climate change can be countered with simple economics rather than idealism. Once we stop pumping new co2 in the atmosphere for cost reasons because we found a more cost effective way to just suck it from the atmosphere, nature will do it's thing and help us revert the effects of the past centuries. We don't actually need to actively clean up the atmosphere, our planet is fully capable of doing that by itself given enough time. Also worth pointing out that oil is used for more than just fuel. So, stuff like this is relevant even if we switch to electric vehicles. We still need to produce plastics and other materials. All of that can in principle be done with co2 harvested straight from the air as well. Your math is not wrong but your assumptions are. We only need to remove enough to produce fuel so that we can stop dumping c02 in the atmosphere by consuming oil and replace that with what we produce from co2. Once we do that, nature will do the rest. Slowly of course but it will trend the right way. So, there is no need whatsoever to actively remove that many tons of CO2. That's pretty much what I do. One or two cups in the morning and I tend to skip that on weekends. Yeah it works. It's just not very appropriate in a lot of situations because it is insanely expensive because it adds a lot of non functional bureaucracy and time consuming activities to the critical path of delivering software. I limit my intake because of the sugar content; but you are right. There are several club mate alternatives including bio mate, fritz mate and probably a few others that are widely available in Berlin and look and taste similar. I'm not very fussy about which I pick but I tend to prefer club mate. Like many soft drinks, a lot of the popularity is marketing driven of course. It's like pepsi vs coca cola. Always a bit disappointing when you order a coke and end up with a pepsi. For some people it's the other way around of course. I'm not native indeed but fluent enough to deal with the subtleties. I like to use strong language when making points in public fora. It's a style that is admittedly a bit over dramatic but tends to provoke people a bit more into engaging. From my dealings with VCs my understanding is that they are mainly incentivized by investing and less by the success of those investments because the timelines are half a decade or more and they reap their rewards long before that happens. Basically the job of a VC is to spend money in some fund. It's a very competitive market to be in. Acquisitions are the tool of choice to make sure under-performing investments are not a total loss. A lot of acquisitions and acquihires are effectively investors consolidating their losses. It's common for them to have stakes in both the acquiring and acquired company. In this case, that's probably not what happened of course. But still, the investors are probably quite happy with this outcome. I make these tradeoffs a lot. Automating is fun but time consuming. Doing things manually is tedious. However, automating has one benefit: you make things easier for the next time you do something similar because you learn something. Usually requests for tedious things are not isolated incidents. So I have a bunch of commandline stuff that I know how to glue together like csvkit, jq, xargs, and a simple bash script that adds functions to do rest against our api server. Using that I can do easy bulk operations against our db without investing in product features, ui, etc. Java 9 released last year changed the internal string representation to not be UTF-16 anymore Up until then characters took at least 2 bytes in Java. Of course the internal representation and what is written to IO streams are two things. UTF-8 has been supported pretty much from day 1 along with a whole range of legacy encodings that used to be common. Using UTF-8 instead of UTF-16 internally is mostly a memory optimization and does not actually break any apis that I'm aware off (I'm sure there are corner cases, but am not aware of any issues here). Using UTF-16 was always somewhat valid in non western scripts where the most used characters would be represented using two bytes instead of just 1 like for most western scripts. But you are right it was a bit of a regrettable choice. If you consider that, e.g. asians mix western script with their local script, it is a lot less clear cut. Throw things like html in the mix and you are looking at a lot of ascii with bits of asian script here and there. I can confirm I ran into this issue this year with AWS Aurora Mysql which definitely does the wrong thing by default. Basically the only reason we use mysql at this point is that aurora mysql works fine with t2.small.db and posgresql requires bigger instances somehow and is thus way more expensive to run. These days, I definitely prefer postgresql if I can get away with using that. I've also been eyeing cockroach db for a while. Their transactions are serializable by default and work in a clustered multi master & sharded setup is intriguing to me. Aurora updates still involve down time because you always have a single point of failure in the form of an active master. I spent some time working out of WeWork in Berlin (one of their 3 offices there). A few observations: - Being there is expensive for individuals. It seems to be mostly small companies and projects renting space. They get a decent deal of having an office and all stuff that comes with that as part of the package. - They seem to use space efficiently, I did not spot many vacancies and it was packed with people. - It looked to me like they are not having demand issues and they are basically billing per seat. - Setting up these spaces must be costing them a bit as a one time investment. The space looks nice and clearly they are going for quality here. Seems to be part of their brand. I imagine the latter is what is driving recent losses, because they have been expanding like crazy. The flip side is that if each of those new offices has similar occupancy, they are growing their revenue as well. The initial investment can be amortized over the lifetime of the lease probably, which presumably is many years. As soon as they stop growing, they should be making money. My guess is they are instead expanding as fast as they can get away with. This means that these losses are in fact solid investments. Somebody else in this thread is citing 40% profit margins; this sounds legitimate to me. The per building revenue should be substantial based on what I've seen. This is how big layoff rounds work. Tesla just fired 9% of its people in a hurry. That means somebody had to come up with a huge list of people and make tough choices based on cost, budgets and spreading the pain across departments, etc. Usually that involves quite a bit of bartering between departments, quotas, etc. The main reason here is cutting cost; not performance of the individuals. Looks like a job well done to me. Minimum amount of fuss and the they got it over with in a day or so. Most people did not see it coming, which means they contained the chaos nicely. Having disgruntled employees panicking ahead of this kind of stuff is very bad for morale. And once it is done, you basically want these people out of your building ASAP. Tesla is not a charity and dragging this out for weeks or months while they went department by department would have been very bad. Kotlin seems pretty nice. Been using it a lot lately. It's not perfect since you can still get into trouble but it forces you to opt in to that. You need to add a question mark to the type to indicate it is nullable and dereferencing without a null check is a compile error. You use two exclamation marks to bypass this to opt out of this. Of course if you are then wrong you may get npes. But it works well enough that you can write code pretty easily that simply cannot produce npes. Excluding that as source of bugs is nice and should be built into any new language. This came just too late for me to benefit from. I was doing a project in Munich last year and traveling back and forth when Air Berlin went bankrupt (I was on their second last flight) and Lufthansa flights became a combination of stupidly expensive and unavailable. Door to door the plane took about 3.5 hours, which is pretty good. Most of that is waiting, dealing with security, and public transport, etc. The flight itself is less than an hour typically. So, I took the old ICE a couple of times which took over 6 hours and indeed never really gets anywhere near it's maximum speed. They had a particularly slow variant taking nearly 7 hours. The new one should be a bit under 4 hours. So, the new line is very competitive with air travel and I'd prefer it over taking a plane. It's a much more relaxed way of traveling. German trains are pretty comfortable. They could improve things further by eliminating stations from the route and improving the track. https://www.openrailwaymap.org/ has a nice visualization of the speed limits on different routes. There are only a handful of segments where trains can go full speed in Germany. If you look at the Berlin-Munich track, it only goes full speed about half of the route. IMHO, Berlin-Munich could get to about 2.5 hours but it requires a lot of investment. Faster if they get proper high speed trains. Compare this to France, which has proper high speed tracks and trains ride at 300 km/hour there. I have a paperback version of LOTR in a single volume. Very convenient. Has the full text in relatively small font in just under 1200 pages. Spring boot 2 does all of that, out of the box. Kotlin is pretty sweet and supported well. The browser wars are back; that's a good thing. The web started moving forward again since Firefox upped their game on the performance and ux front. I converted back (from Chrome) about a year ago and haven't looked back. MS has been bleeding market share for a long time. The IE to Edge transition basically fragmented their market, destroyed their brand name, and they never really got back the market share they had gotten used to with Edge. Most people I use that actually use windows, have Chrome or Firefox as their main browser. Apple has the same problem with Safari. I only ever use it to download Firefox or Chrome. Mobile browsers are completely dominated by Chrome and Safari. MS killed their mobile platform and basically serves a niche market for people that really want a MS branded platform there. I actually use Firefox on Android and like it a lot but I'm a minority. IMHO wasm is approaching the point where it will (finally) create a viable ecosystem for languages other than javascript to be used for mainstream web development. MS, is well positioned with their tool chains to take advantage of that. So, not strange to see MS investing there. Though I do think they need to cut their losses and put their money behind either Chrome or Firefox and retire their in house browsers. Edge at this point is not an easy sell. They did the right thing on mobile killing of windows phone and eliminating that as an internal distraction and I don't see them getting away with having any edge only websites these days. I imagine maintaining it is a big effort and keeping up an even bigger one. Sure they make billions, but still. What are they really getting out of this at this point. The industrial revolution already made a lot of work meaningless. Mostly, we're not working. And when we are working, the work we do is comparatively meaningless; as in not directly related to esssential things such as producing food or other goods people need to survive. The tacit deal is that we all pretend to be 'productive' and in exchange we receive cash which we use to spend on stuff we never really needed but are sort of nice to have. Things like restaurants, dog walking services, netflix, etc. So AI is just rubbing our noses into just how shallow and meaningless most jobs really are. So, your life's achievement was moving things around in some production line in some factory? Well, machines can do that faster than humans. Maintaining the machines is of course going to be a thing, until we automate that as well. The real question is what will drive the economy when nobody has any money to spend because we are all out of jobs. All those automated factories will be pointless if nobody is buying the output. The answer is very simple: print money and hand it out. That is in fact how economies work for the last century or so. You may think you have a meaningful job but it is just the illusion of productivity. In all likelihood what you do is not nearly as important (if it matters at all) for the economy as how you spend what you earn. Do the math: how much of your life in hours will you spend actually 'working'. In most western societies, the answer is about less than 5% on average since your productive life is only about 50% of your life span, of which you only work 20-25%. The rest is free time, weekends, vacations. And that is assuming you have a job and are actually part of the working force at all, which is not necessarily true for more than half the population. The current designs are close to a year old now and apple updates infrequently and generally does not cut the price. So you are paying a premium for buying a one year old design. Imho the best moment to buy is early in the product cycle. You maximise the period the design is fresh and reasonably current. I bought my 15" mbp last October when it was just out. The flipside is of course that recent models are rather disappointing in many ways. It's only marginally faster than the 2012 model it replaced, contains the same amount of memory and cpu cores. And there is the keyboard, which is a severe downgrade and has many flaws and the well documented reliability issues. That 2012 model was the best piece of hw I ever owned. So, you can wait but don't expect any miracles. Welcome to middle age ;-). I had a stern talking to a few years ago by my doctor and was forced to take measures as well or face the prospect of likely complications. This stuff is hard because we people are not very rational. So, here's a few simple practical things. - Get a scale, put it in your bathroom, and use it as often as you can. Step 0 is simply knowing how you are doing. I know down to a few hundred grams what I weigh most of the time and I've learned the impact of my behavior on the scale. A big dinner, excessive drinking, etc. has a measurable impact that peters out over several days before I'm back to "normal". Simply knowing, has a moderating effect on what I do. - Make changes in your behavior that you can turn into habits. Starving yourself definitely works short term but you'll bounce right back as soon as you resume your old habits. Kind of pointless. Regular fasting is great though because it becomes a habit and you don't have to take decisions. - Try not to set your self up for being tempted to eat too much. In my case, going shopping after work when I'm tired and hungry leads to predictably bad decision making. Make sure you eat before you shop. - Be honest about alcohol. I actually quit drinking completely for a while. Turns out that going for after work beers multiple times per week has a insanely huge caloric impact. I identified it as the single biggest thing that was impacting my weight and duly eliminated it for two years. These days I drink but much less than I used to. In my case I found it easier to not drink than to drink a little. One of the side-effects of alcohol is bad decision making. 1 Beer always leads to more beers. If this is hard for you, that's a good sign of being addicted. All the more reason to try to change things. Bold claims. Either this company will be bogged down in patent lawsuits for decades or they'll be acquired if there is even a hint of them being genuine. Doubly so if they have the in house patents to defend themselves. Reading between the lines suggests acquisition is the goal. Ramping up production is going to take lots of investor cash, which they may not actually have. I hear Intel is getting mildly panicky about their loss of relevance ... IMHO things like WASM, web vr, and LLVM are all converging this year after years of cool demos, prototypes and gradual progress. Having Rust out there as a first class citizen is awesome. This year we should see the beginning of a minor revolution in front end development, where essentially anything targeting LLVM will be able to compile to WASM, be bundled as an NPM, and be usable in the context of web application for essentially anything done in javascript until now whether it is performance critical algorithms, manipulating the dom, writing to canvas, driving IO via web sockets, dealing with web gl and web vr, audio, etc. Breaking the monopoly Javascript has had on this space for close to 25 years is a good thing. Perhaps people will continue to use it but it will have to be on merits rather than just merely being the only game in town. In any case looking forward to having more choice in this space. IMHO, modern JS based frontend development is a combination of tedious, error prone, and backwards. If this honestly is the state of the art, then WTF. happened in the past 20 years. I've been in this space pretty much throughout the whole period. Applets never took off as a serious option. They peaked briefly around 2000, then flash took over and by 2005 Ajax happened and JS took over. As for build times, modern javascript is like having all of the disadvantages of a tedious build process without most of the advantages. You are spending the time, yet still don't have static type analysis and exclusion of whole categories of bugs. The reality is that, mostly for political reasons, javascript was the only thing that ran in a browser and after particularly MS (but certainly not them alone) ran into trouble with security issues, nobody really dared to do much else for a long time. Plugin APIs were deprecated, proprietary browser specifics were abandoned, etc. So, what's happening now is a long over due correction where people compile to some heavily optimizable subset of js called wasm. As soon as that becomes commomplace the whole argument for javascript needs to be revisited, pretty much for the first time this century. I'd argue against using abstract classes in general (just use interfaces) and stuffing logic in domain classes. Domain classes should be simple, not contain any algorithms or logic, and preferably be immutable. If you are putting ifs in domain classes you are doing it wrong. If you are moving logic from service classes to domain classes, you are no longer separating concerns. If you have sixteen polymorphic methods in one service class (which is of course possible), maybe using a switch statement would actually be a bit shorter and easier on the eyes. It depends. I think about this in terms of unit tests and code paths. More ifs means more paths. Units with lots of code paths are complex and hard to test. On the other hand having code paths cross many classes and methods just moves the problem. It's a tradeoff. A few other tricks you can apply here is using enums with e.g. lambdas and other feature flags. That's a nice way to tie functionality to types or associate some default functionality with domain classes without littering them with logic. Not using abstract classes is somewhat controversial for some but I have disliked them for quite long and find I don't need them and can trivially refactor them away whenever I encounter them in an codebase. Preferring delegation over inheritance is a good thing IMHO and using inheritance generally is something I end up regretting. I find framework code (Spring, cough) that uses abstract classes to be mostly unreadable and convoluted. You have a Thingy that is also an AbstractThingy that inherits an EvenMoreAbstractThingy that implements a gazillion interfaces that are also implemented by other thingies and yet more AbstractClasses, etc. If you have to control click through six classes to actually get to a place that actually has logic, something is deeply wrong. Deep inheritance hierarchies are a good sign your type system is struggling with your abstractions and sets you up for maintenance problems when the cohesiveness of your classes drops and coupling increases as you are forced to add stuff in places where it really shouldn't be for API compatibility reasons. Overly dramatic; Apple is doing fine. But they are definitely behind in appeasing the pro user segment with decent hardware and not doing nearly enough to fix that. I replaced my 2012 model (essentially the last model that had Steve Jobs' fingers all over it) late last year with the 15" model. So far so good with the keyboard but not looking forward to having to cash in my overpriced apple care and lose it for a week or more while Apple does whatever it needs to do to fix a problem that shouldn't need fixing. What I want and what Apple sold me are miles apart at this point and they came very close to losing my business. Technically, I could be up and running using Linux and not lose a lot of time having to switch tools. Essentially everything I care about should just work. I do backend stuff. In the end I chickened out and had to replace my old laptop in a hurry and went for an easy upgrade to not lose time dealing with a different OS, configuring shit that shouldn't need configuring, shopping around, etc. That's what it means to be a pro, I just don't have time for that stuff. I don't even mind the steep price. I'm totally OK paying 4K for a laptop that I use every day for 3-5 years. Not a problem. Earns itself back within weeks. I bill more per week. But I do want quality and performance. I'm getting neither with the latest model. It's fine but nothing special. Mind you, I have the tricked out version with the extra GPU memory, faster cpu, etc. But it's 16GB, just like the one it replaced. Has a slightly faster 4 core CPU, just like the one it replaced. I guess the SSD is a slightly faster but don't really notice much difference. The retina screen is nice but I would have preferred a non glossy one. I clocked my builds before and after and they're about 30% faster on the new machine. That's appalling for a state of the art laptop replacing a laptop that was half a decade old. On top of that the keyboard absolutely sucks. It's loud, flimsy, lacks keys I need, the arrow keys are tiny, etc. Terrible job in form over function style design. The touch bar is a nice gimmick but not getting a lot of value out of it. Definitely not worth losing the function keys over. I don't think I would miss it. If I were to shop right now and had more time to do so. I'd be looking to get one of those nice new CPUs with 6 or more cores (yes, I actually use them), 32 GB, or 64 GB even. Decent cooling so the laptop doesn't throttle itself every time I need some performance. A keyboard that doesn't suck. And less dependence on dongles would also be awesome though not super critical for me. If that means 0.5cm thicker laptop: great. Not a problem. On a positive note, I know several people that have abandoned Apple. They seem quite happy with their windows/linux laptops but they seem to be replacing them fairly quickly as well. My observation with issues they are having is that competitors still have some catching up to do. You get issues with trackpads on linux, webcams that are in weird positions (dell), build quality issues, etc. All that means in my book that all Apple needs to do is slightly up their game on the quality front and they'll be fine. Yes but at that price, it's a very bad deal. You might as well buy a refurbished second hand model. Gdpr is very straightforward to comply with. Yes there are fines but you pretty much only get them at the end of an escalation process with plenty of opportunity to fix things. If your business was breaking the pre gdpr laws by doing things that were dodgy already, then, yes, this is now more likely to happen. That's a good thing. As for legislation and jurisdiction, doing business internationally has always been complicated. Many big corporations have legal entities across the world and funneling revenue via the eu is a popular way to dodge taxes in the us. If you do business with such companies, that makes gdpr relevant for you even if you have no direct eu ties as these companies may be forced to reconsider their relationship with you otherwise. Think anything involving ad based revenue, e-commerce, and other sectors involving non trivial revenue from the EU. Anyway, read the law text. It's surprisingly easy to find and digest and it puts all the idiots interpreting each other's interpretations a bit in perspective. Good summaries are available. The way I see it, logistics aside, Tesla has awesome cars that are loved by those that manage to get one delivered, customers are actually lining up to buy them to the extent of paying just to get in line for that years ahead of time, and they are pretty much guaranteed to sell anything they ship for the foreseeable future. Better still most of their would be competitors are either not shipping at all right now, years away from shipping at scale, just plain not even bothering to compete, or shipping limited volumes of not so great products, and generally being vague about timelines, volumes, etc. On top of that they and are struggling with over production of vehicles based on legacy petrol/diesel technology. E.g. the Germans are doing a lot of hand waving around maybe shipping some electric cars in the next decade while the likes of BMW continue to ship seriously underwhelming electric cars. Ford just discontinued a lot of their petrol sedans. And diesel gate continues to impact most manufacturers involved with basically anything Diesel based. The way I see it, Tesla will be essentially unchallenged for the next 2-3 years. That's a lot of time to get on top of some simple logistics. And that's assuming the existing car manufacturers actually get their act together. IMHO, most of them are at far bigger risk of bankruptcy than Tesla since they'll be bogged down in demand issues, layoffs, and restructurings for the next few decades. I don't see the logistical situation as something that can't be resolved by Tesla. Kind of silly to short Tesla under the assumption that this won't be solved; cannot be solved; and that Tesla will perpetually be unable to solve this. The argument seems to be that it is simply impossible to produce the vehicles for Tesla. If the latest rumors are to be believed, they are pretty much close to the promised rate of 5K cars/week. At 50K price (conservative) that means 250M per week in revenue, or 1 Billion per month. That sounds like a decent business to me. I'm assuming they are not stopping at 5K per week. A few years ago, there were several promising alternative mobile operating systems. WebOs, Ubuntu mobile, SailfishOS, Tizen (a continuation of Nokia's Maemo/Meego), and of course Firefox OS. Nokia also had another in house OS that was killed off before it got a chance to ship called Meltemi. Most of these had a few things in common: - they were linux based - they were aimed at cheaper form factors where Android made less sense - (mostly) web based development kits - all of them struggled to get traction/market share - at the core of their failures was the success off the android and apple app stores. So, what has changed? App stores are less relevant than ever. People still install apps of course but mostly apps are struggling to compete for attention. It requires a huge marketing budgets to get anywhere near the top hundred of apps and if you are not in there, people won't find you. So, a good mobile web experience is key for a lot of services out there and with stuff like progressive web apps (which Firefox OS sort of pioneered) you can get away with not having a fully native app. Many 'native' apps are in fact partially web based these days. So, KaiOs makes sense. Android is still expensive to run and producing hardware platforms in volume based on chipsets that were considered state of the art ten years ago is really cheap. Android never really ran well on those. Which is why you see these operating systems targeting cheap platforms. Web based development kits make total sense. Of course, mobile linux makes a lot of sense since it basically runs on all of these platforms and there is a huge existing investment in things like drivers. Google investing in this also makes total sense. Android is not going to run well on these devices but they still want people to buy into the Google eco system. Fuchsia is not aimed at this space either and instead intended to replace Android, eventually. It may scale down better than Android of course but everything I'm reading about it suggests that's not the main goal. So investing in this is a low risk, high reward type situation for Google. Apple of course never really cared about low end. The margins are too small for them. They only do high margin products. So, that's about 1 year of revenue at 5K cars per week or roughly equivalent to their revenue last year. Or half of that if they manage to double that to 10K per week, as they seem to have promised. That doesn't sound like an impossible situation to me. Unless I'm missing something, a default on these debts is unlikely and given the numbers, access to more capital should be feasible. I agree that these are high risk investments though. High risk and high reward go hand in hand of course. Elon Musk may owe a little money indeed but he's also a shareholder in SpaceX. I'm not up to speed on how much he owns of that exactly but I believe it is a fairly large chunk of that company. And given the amount of rockets going up lately, his shares are probably worth quite a bit at this point. Magnitudes more than the 600M you mention, I imagine. So, I don't think a personal bankruptcy is that likely for him any time soon. Tesla 'lost' money investing in production capacity, R&D, opening up a huge battery production facility, etc. That's not wasted money unless demand for utilizing these to full capacity disappears. As it is, the opposite seems to be the case. Tesla is talking about opening additional Giga factories even. That will cost more money of course but I think they can make a case for that being a good investment given demand in their products. That's perhaps why it's stock valuation is so high: shareholders are expecting these investments to translate into revenue and growth. People that shorted Tesla seem to be getting a bit nervous about maybe ending up on the wrong end of that bet, which could end up being an expensive mistake for some. Boring and Solar City are interesting wild cards. I think owning Solar City is not necessarily a bad thing for Tesla. Solar panels are in demand and Tesla seems to consider charging infrastructure as part of their strategy. Also up-selling batteries that they produce to people that install solar panels seems like a smart move. Unless there's something wrong with their product, I see no reason for that to fail. They do seem to have acquired a bit of a cost overhead problem, which they have been fixing through layoffs. But other than that, this could very well turn out to be a pretty good bargain. Boring seems like a weird project at first glance. But it wouldn't be the first side project that Elon Musk is involved in that turned into a real business. One angle that is missing to this story: Nokia. Nokia bet big on Intel by partnering with them at the worst possible moment. In a nutshell, Intel was looking to get in on the mobile action and Nokia was willing to partner. This was ten years ago. When platforms failed to come together because Intel was not delivering the goods, Nokia had to scramble to get new phones ramped up around alternative platforms. Nokia lost a lot of valuable time this way right when Apple and Android started kicking its ass. I wouldn't point at it as the root cause for Nokia's rapid collapse but it certainly was a contributing factor. E.g. Meego was years late to the market partly because of this and ultimately killed off in favor of the deal with Microsoft (another ill fated bet). And yes, Intel Atom was a big part of that failing as well. Bottom line is that Intel tried and failed to get into the mobile market repeatedly and failed while being way too comfortable milking desktops and servers. Now that that market finally seems to be drying up, they have a problem and still no viable strategy to deal with it. Atom flopped. Itanium flopped. AMD is back looking stronger than ever. MS is has retired the wintel brand years ago and is seemingly open to running on ARM and getting quite cozy with Linux. Apple is widely rumored to also consider switching to their quite credible in house ARM based processors. Some thoughts from the inside. My company (Inbot) is currently in the pre ICO phase: we're selling tokens but not on the blockchain yet. We're very hesitant to move to the next phase precisely because of the tendency of many ICO companies to collapse almost straight away. Investors dumping your coin on the day of the ICO is kind of deadly for its valuation and if your ICO is attracting that kind of investors, something is indeed wrong. Quite many ICOs are set up such that this is actually the goal rather than something they want to avoid (pump and dump). We're kind of going against the trend here by planning to survive this initial phase (hard). The reason many companies are doing ICOs regardless is because it actually makes sense if you look at it as a financial instrument that gets you funded quickly to the extend where you get similar capitalization comparable to a big series A or even B round. Like with high risk investments, ROI is pretty bad; except when it is not. Most ICOs will fail but some will not. This space continues to be so hot on the premise that there are a few unicorn ICOs out there that are actually going to make it. Ironically, this is leading to a lot of misguided investments by, well, idiots. This in turn is leading to a lot of successful attempts to separate these idiots from their cash. Blame the idiots, not the ICOs. Hence Dogecoin, PonziCoin V3 (this is a thing !!!), and similarly poorly veiled scams. I applaud these people for being able to make so much money with so little effort. There are many issues with dapps. IMHO it doesn't make any sense to write dapps right now unless your roadmap spans several years because the technology is very immature, the infrastructure is not there, and the fixes are years out from becoming proven to the point where you can rely on them to function as advertised. This requires more than proof of concept. Ethereum and bitcoin are out there with many users that are trying to exploit it in any way they can. That makes it battle tested. Alternative technology stacks exist but lack this type of user base and scrutiny. Most of these alternative stacks still have serious flaws conceptually and practically. Quite a few of them seem to be moving the problem rather than solving it. What's needed is orders of magnitude improvements to throughput and scale for dapps to be usable by the masses. 50k transactions sounds nice until you realize that is globally and needs to service the entire ecosystem of dapp applications. That's not a lot compared to a modern db running on off the shelf hardware. Once users actually show up, that kind of traffic can be caused by a spike in usage on a single dapp. If you have many of those, that will be happening all the time. Right now the only things dapps make sense for are things that are relatively high value so you can justify the cost and have enough per transaction revenue and very low in transaction volume so that the whole thing doesn't collapse when you actually get some traction. That pretty much narrows it down to limited amount of trading of coins on top of ethereum, which is indeed the dominant type of dapp in use today. Some successful ICOs are actually about fixing this problem. They are long term investments in tech companies that are likely to fail but very lucrative if they don't. E.g. Telegram is a high risk investment but they are now well funded and have enough runway to execute whatever it is they are doing for the next few years. And they have a decent tech team. Similarly IOTA, QTUM, HashGraph, and others are well funded companies well capable of executing roadmaps that will take quite long to deliver results. Are those bad investments? Not if they succeed. Is that any different from e.g. the likes of Google bank rolling Magic Leap? Or indeed any kind of VC tech investment? Firefox mobile can use the extension and the native android app is fully supported by Android's password completion support as well. People should get a bit smarter about where and how they get their education. You can go for a big brand university in the US and pay a premium, or you can go to Europe; pay a tiny fraction, gain a lot of life experience in the process, and stand out from the play it safe & stay at home crowd. All while not building up any debt. I see lots of US students and expats here in Berlin these days. Not surprising. Life is nice here, universities are good, and there's plenty of opportunities in the local startup scene after you are done studying. Sort of what SFO must have looked like when it was still cheap and habitable a few decades ago and when smart people moved there because it was genuinely a nice place to be. Likewise, unless you are investing in the SFO housing market, there are more interesting ways to burn cash than to fund the local housing bubble through vastly inflated engineering salaries. For example in Europe where where you can hire entire team for the price of a single mediocre engineer in SFO (forget about getting the really good ones until you land that big series A and can afford the 300K/year salaries). True, but calling out the milestone of beating operational cost of state of the art coal/gas plants is worth doing. If you extrapolate the downward trend, it's very obvious that anything you build right now that burns fossil fuel is going to be a problem in terms of being able to compete throughout its projected life span. Prices are trending to the point where it will become economical to shut down existing and operational plants in favor of replacing them with solar or wind. The next milestone will be when existing coal/gas plants will start getting decommissioned. This will start with the older ones but very soon after may be followed by the new and shiny ones Trump is trying to build right now. That is if he manages to get investors to back that at all. It would be kind of a dumb investment given the above. And to preempt the battery comment, batteries were included with this bid, as is common these days. I think this summarizes really well why I never became a Scala developer and am now a Kotlin programmer. I like Kotlin. It solves problems I had as a Java programmer in a way that is easy to understand. It's easy to move from one to the other. Tools are great. Documentation is great. Etc. Based on this talk, it's not likely I'll ever become a Scala developer. For reference, I learned FP in the nineties while in university; was exposed to monads, and a few haskell dialects (Gopher mainly). Been doing Java for about 20+ years at this point as well. However, despite this background I have trouble wrapping my head around Scala. The documentation seems to require a phd, which I have, just not in esoteric type system kungfoo. I find most Scala code completely unreadable. I admit, it's me. I'm probably too stupid or something. But if I'm too stupid, then most people I work with are definitely not smart enough either. So, that in a nutshell is why I ended up doing Kotlin instead. I kind of like where this is going. Plug and play performance and less noise. I'm not really interested in dropping thousands of euros on the latest gaming hardware. I'm not in the pointlessly blinking leds equipped PC market. And I'm done building my own PC after having to replace the power supply in my last effort three times. I do tend to have up to date mac hw. For me the whole point of that is buying one and then using it for 4-6 years. I actually have the MBP 15" from last year with 16GB. It's not great for gaming though. My four year old imac 5k still gets better framerates in things like x-plane. Both have the issue that they run quite hot when doing anything 3D and cpu intensive. My imac needs to emulate a vacuum cleaner just to keep it from throttling cpu and gpu. My imac 5k is coming up for replacement somewhere in the next two years. I'm probably going to drop around 3-4K on whatever replaces it. I'd totally consider something with an external GPU. I actually like the form factor but would spend money on an external GPU for casual gaming and VR. I'd prefer something that focuses on just cpu/memory/ssd and then plug in storage and gpu via some cables. So, this is going the right way. Apple should focus the next mac pro around this concept. They tried with the previous one but then messed up by soldering the GPU in, which turned out a deal breaker since the whole point of mac pros is 3d graphics. So, simply ship something with plenty of ports and CPU sockets and sell GPU, Storage, screens, etc. separately. CPUs are barely evolving anyway. I got about a 35% build speed improvement by replacing a late 2011 MBP with a late 2017 one. Both were quad core i7s. Seriously underwhelming. And yes, I max out 4 cores with my builds. The Wasm tool chain is built around llvm. So, you can take some complex C code and target wasm instead of X86, ARM, or whatever. That works right now and you can already do things silly like compile emulators and vms to run in a web browser and get them to boot e.g. windows 95 or linux. So, you could try to recompile the entire python ecosystem (interpreter, libraries, extensions, etc.) to wasm. This might be tricky right now because not all stuff readily compiles to wasm yet probably or uses gcc instead of llvm. Als, python has its own vm and compiler that would need to be reengineered on top of wasm. Of course people have been working on moving python to llvm for some time so this might actually become feasible. Obligatory mention of this tongue in the cheek and visionary look presentation "The Birth & Death of JavaScript": https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/the-birth-and-death... This is basically what is happening with wasm and it's happening much faster Gary Bernhardt was anticipating in that presentation. IMHO wasm finally displaces javascript as the only practical language to run stuff in a browser. Frontend stuff happens in javascript primarily because browsers cannot run anything else now that plugins have been killed off. Wasm changes that. At the same time a lot of desktop apps are in fact javascript apps running on top of electron/chrome. Anything like that can also run wasm. Finally people have been porting vms to javascript for pretty much as long as wasm and its predecessors have been around. So booting a vm that runs windows 95 or linux in a browser is not very practical but was shown to work years ago. This is what probably inspired the presentation above. I've actually been pondering doing some frontend stuff in kotlin in or rust. I'm a backend guy and I just never had any patience for javascript. I find working in it to be an exercise in frustration. But I actually did some UI work in Java back in the day (swing and applets). Also there's a huge potential for stuff like webgl, webvr, etc. to be driven using languages more suitable to building performance critical software if they can target wasm. I think wasm is going to be a key enabler for that. Most of the stuff relevant for this has been rolling out in the last few years. E.g. webgl is now supported in most browsers. Webvr is getting there as well. Wasm support has been rolled out as well. Unity has been targeting html5 + wasm for a while now. And one of the first things that Mozilla demoed years ago with wasm was Unreal running in a browser. I would not be surprised to see some of this stuff showing up in OSes like fuchsia (if and when that ships) or chrome os. I'm not doing this for gaming though and what I buy is not optimized for games but for comfort, looks, and I just like running OS X. So spending 600$ to actually be able to play games and plug in some vr kit, sounds very reasonable to me. I'm used to it now but they are quite loud when you sit in a quiet space. I've noticed a few stares my way when hammering away on the keyboard. Totally with you on the arrow keys. I absolutely hate those and I still hit the down arrow around 50% of the times I aim for the up arrow. Not a bad idea. I wonder how this compares to ubuntu's snaps. Seems like a good idea to me but I've not really seen it used much yet. On OS-X apps have been distributed in a .app form for ages. It's very uncommon for OS X apps to have installers or a more complicated installation (and uninstallation) than drag and drop. So, good idea and it kind of fixes a big issue where most linux distributions seem to insist on dll hell with just about anything littering the file system with cruft and just about every interpreter out there reinventing ways to create virtual environments. Also check this analysis of the same report by German Handelsblatt (in English): https://global.handelsblatt.com/companies/german-fears-cover... For reference, that's a quality German news publication making the point that German car manufacturers are getting worried, which is probably an understatement. Basically last year, Tesla outsold the German manufacturers in their home market for electrical vehicles. This year is not looking much better. The total amount sold in Germany per month last year was about half what tesla is claiming to do per week last recently. Meanwhile the model S is outselling essentially all similarly priced traditional cars in Europe as well. Unsurprisingly, VW, Audi, Mercedes, etc. have all announced electric vehicles starting to ship "from next year" (numbers unknown, presumably nowhere near 5k a week any time soon). Most manufacturers are being hand wavy about early 2020s type time frames for volume production. If they do have cost issues like this analysis suggests, they'll be struggling to compete on price and volume for quite some time. So, Tesla undercutting them on price and volume is a big deal. Tesla doing battery production and other components in house is a big deal as well. Tesla opening up more giga factories in places with cheaper labor (e.g. China) or in Europe (Germany is being rumored) is a big deal as well. I've been reading all these comments about the imminent implosion of Tesla here on hacker news and I just don't see it. Basically people pulling numbers out of their ass and predicting they won't even last until end of the year. Last time I read comments like this about a company was when I was reading internal comments on the iphone launch while working at Nokia. Needless to say, Apple did rather well regardless of those comments. Basically high placed Nokia seniors were arguing passionately the iphone was shit, the cost was way to high, and no way Apple could match their logistics, and btw. the latest Nokia phones had feature X, Y, and Z so obviously Apple was fucked. Spectacularly wrong on all fronts and Nokia was history five years later because it never managed to recover from being so spectacularly wrong in time to come up with decent, competitive products. I learned a lot about seemingly smart people being completely wrong and suffering from confirmation bias in that phase of my career. I'm seeing exactly the same patterns in the car industry today. I'm seeing a company doing more or less what Apple did to traditional phone manufacturers about a decade ago doing more or less the same for cars. The same kind of arguments and the same disbelief as Tesla ticks off milestone after milestone. Also the same kind of excited user base. Teslas are selling in a way that is very similar to how the iphone market has been rock solid for a decade now. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that most Tesla owners were also early iphone adopters. Sure Tesla is behind schedule. But what schedule is that other than their own ambition? What clock is ticking exactly? What other manufacturer is shipping 5K electric vehicles per week; or even planning to, or realistically close to our producing and undercutting Tesla on price and quality? Just tried it quickly; didn't work. It did something and then I got a blank page. Probably some config missing that it needs but the point is: no zero conf and doesn't work as advertised. I use smcfancontrol on my imac to force the fans to do their thing. The problem seems to be that osx prefers throttling over turning the machine into a vacuum cleaner. For me this is the only way to play games. Without smccontrol throttling kicks in and the fans never go on fully. Was just pointing out that the tool did not work as advertised (i.e. without configuration). As in parcel index.html does not produce a working app for me. There's nothing to screw up here. Either that works or it doesn't. In my case, it doesn't. It fails to self configure as advertised and it fails to tell me what broke and why (or even that it broke). But it is quite obviously not producing a working application for me. I imagine this relates to a whole range of broken assumptions it makes about where files actually are in my project, how things are configured on my system, etc. Normally you'd fix that by configuring these things. Since it doesn't provide a whole lot of documentation or guidance other than this thing needing no configuration because it is so smart, I decided against pursuing this thing any further and uninstalled parcel. I think car manufacturers are acting like they are behind schedule on a number of fronts and are cutting corners to catch up. The fact is that Tesla has a good 2-3 years ahead of them where they are essentially unchallenged. IAA is nice for product demos but it's not the same thing as shipping products in volume. Tesla announced the model 3 years ago, revealed it two years ago and only started shipping in volume this year. The other car manufacturers are talking about revealing products next year that they will start shipping from 2020. Tis article suggests that Tesla has a pretty strong competitive advantage with their batteries. That suggests that existing manufacturers are going to have cost issues even if they get their production capacity ready on time and batteries completely dominate the cost of the cars. The way I see it, they are several years away from meeting current cost/production levels of Tesla today. Apple doesn't license their OS to OEMs. I'd say them blocking alternative browser engines is controversial though. Also they dislike people using certain libraries, emulator technology, providing the ability to execute downloadable scripts (e.g. flash), etc. Until AJAX happened around 2005, GET and POST were the only verbs you could actually use in a browser. Before then, REST was not a really a thing. It used to be that semantics of HTTP verbs had meaning in the context of e.g. caching and other middleware. But now that everybody uses TLS, having caching proxies acting as middlemen and interpreting http messages is not that common any more. REST was a nice idea when it got (re)invented about ten years after Fielding's thesis but it left too much open for debate, ambiguity, and nitpicking and quickly degenerated in different opinionated camps trying to retrofit new ideas to the existing practices around http, which mainly boiled down to interesting ways to do RPC. Before HTTP, people were already long doing RPC using e.g. DCOM, CORBA,RMI, etc. Reinveinting RPC over X has been the fate of pretty much every way we've come up with to make two computers talk to each other. I built something like this a few years ago. We ultimately did not really succeed but I think this could be potentially still very interesting. Location is interesting when you combine it with time. News archives contain a lot of valuable content that would be interesting in the context of a location. For example, I live in Berlin and when we started digging around in archives from news papers, we found all these gems about David Bowie visiting certain bars, being on certain streets, etc. This is interesting to people in that area, years after the fact but not necessarily for people outside that area. Just having a historical view on a place via the things that people published about it is interesting. Our problem at the time was coming up with enough of an MVP to convince users and investors. One thing we explored was using nlp to extract clues about location references from the text. This is surprisingly hard but not impossible. People use a lot of ambiguous language to refer to locations but taken together you can sometimes deduce correctly that people are referring to a street in Prenzlauerberg (a neighborhoud) in Berlin (the capital of germany, not the village near Bremen). This is of course flaky. The good news is some content is actually geotagged, which makes this easier. However, we found a lot of low quality geotagging as well. Technical debt is inevitable. If you ignore it, it becomes worse. I've never been on a project without technical debt. Of course not every little problem is technical debt. There are plenty of nice to haves, we could do X, etc. style improvements that aren't really that critical. My advice for those: just apply the boy-scout rule and improve things when you work on them. For the bigger stuff, somebody needs to step up and take decisions. Ultimately for big chunks of work related to technical debt, that's a CTO decision that involves taking into account the interests of both tech and business. A CTO must have the power to do this and be wise enough to use that power responsibly. Stuff to watch out for as a CTO is when seemingly simple stories snowball into a lot of firefighting, bugs, or deployment issues. That's usually a good sign something is wrong. If that happens a lot, you are definitely experiencing technical debt. Firefighting eats away development budget. If your team spends half their sprint diagnosing weird issues instead of getting stuff done, cleaning that stuff up is probably time well spent. The problem is the references to locations in text are ambiguous. There are many places called paris (most of which outside of France). Many streets called Main street, etc. Also lots of articles mention several locations. Then there are lots of informal names for neighborhoods, people being a bit loose with boundaries, etc. You can usually guess the city but getting from there to e.g. street level or neighborhood level is a lot harder. Anyway, good luck. Government sponsored R&D can yield great results. The US sponsored an actual 'moonshot' last century, with well known results. That spawned a lot of industrial activity. What China is doing here is both smart and strategic and they have been doing it for decades. Their solar activities can be traced back to the 1980s. They are creating new export industries and stimulating economic growth by investing in disruptive things where they believe they can succeed. Meanwhile the US is pretending coal is fine, and the EU is pretending Diesel is fine or that shifting from either to the euphemistically called natural gas is an actual solution. Change is slow there because politicians are not acting to provide the necessary incentive for industries to do what is needed. As a consequence, there are several major industrial players at risk of disappearing or being marginalized. This will hurt, a lot. Politicians are afraid to do what is necessary. This creates the opportunity for China to take over; they spotted that years ago; and they are now succeeding. Does it actually still serve a purpo (other than putting people to sleep)? As in are sailors tuning in to figure out the weather in the middle of the night. Surely there are better solutions for this now. I know most airports have automated weather reports that broadcast continuously on dedicated frequencies (ATIS) at least. The same information is available digitally. Many pilots have tools providing them with near real time updates on weather. There are even dedicated ipad apps for this. On premise is apparently not big enough as a market for Atlassian. This does not surprise me: it needs a lot of hand holding; and saas gets you revenue much cheaper because you get economies of scale and much less support headaches. On top of that people get stuck on old versions of your product, which you then need to support as well because they payed you a premium for it. With SAAS you just have one version to worry about: the current one. So I don't expect Slack will be very eager to do on premise installations any time soon. The whole point of Slack is not doing that. In the same way, on site salesforce installations are not a thing, or on site Google docs. Even MS is moving away from on premise with office 365. Seat based, annual license revenue is a nice thing too for them. Those who really want to do on premise, will find their way to one of several niche products in this space. But I don't think any of these players will grab a lot of market share. Ultimately anything run on site is going to be expensive to support and why bother when you get cloud based offerings. Compliance issues can be addressed in the cloud as well. Java has BigDecimal in the standard library. That gives you arbitrary precision. Also, using a double instead of a float gives you a bit better precision. The performance hit of using double instead of float on modern hardware is not something that should be a showstopper. I don't get the argument about libraries and performance. We're talking about companies using emulators of ancient hardware to run decades old software. Pulling in some library is a complete non issue from a performance point of view. Speaking of hardware, that is magnitudes faster than anything imaginable when most cobol was first written. Performance is not the key concern here. There are lots of tech companies active in countries like China, Russia, Iran, and other countries with varying ideas about privacy, human rights, etc. This generally requires complying with local legislation, whether you agree with that or not. Singling out Google for not opting to exclude a fifth of the population of this planet from their products is a bit overkill. I'd rather they offer choice to the Chinese people on their terms than opting to not be in China at all. Google has huge stakes in China with Android, related production of many Android devices, and a lot of their other products. I imagine pulling out of China is not very practical for them at this point nor is selling phones without Google search. When I was still working on search Nokia Maps (now Here maps) we had to comply with all sorts of rules internationally, including for China. In addition to being weird about certain POIs (e.g. Tien an mien square) we also had to deal with their obfuscated GPS coordinates. They use some weird shifting algorithm that you have to license from them. The point is not the algorithm (you can find it online if you dig hard enough) but the fact that you had to talk to them to get a license. It's a control point for them. Another weird thing was that Iran insisted on referring to the Gulf as the Persian Gulf. One nice edge case there is the inflight maps of planes flying over their territory. The point here is that doing business internationally is hard and taking the moral high ground basically means not doing business with a lot of countries. The problem with package managers/installers/setup scripts/etc. is that they turn file systems in a mess and that filesystems tend to be different between linux installations, even of the same distribution. So snaps do for user facing software what docker did for server side software. Good idea in general and since most distributions struggle to stay on top of release quality updates from upstream, a great way to stay up to date, quickly try out some sofware package, or download software that your linux distribution hasn't gotten around to absorbing into their repositories. Sort of the Linux equivalent of dragging an OS X .app file to your /Applications folder (or to trash for uninstall). There's no good technical reason for application install/uninstall to be more complex than that. Normal user facing software should not require modifications to the OS to run. The linux practice of packages basically taking a royal dump on the filesystem and generally requiring root access to even get installed is no longer something that is remotely sane to do. IMHO, operating systems should ultimately be immutable and basically be similar to a snap. You update it as a whole and you don't modify parts of it. Linux has had a hard time with end users despite decades of "surely this year is the year of linux on the desktop". Never happened. A lot of that has to do with software installation, package managers and upgrades being a convoluted mess that always ends up in somebody doing stuff in a command line terminal to fix. Post agile is a thing. Everybody is pretending to be agile these days. So, the word has become utterly meaningless. Every bank, insurerer, etc. is doing agile. And they are just as boring, stupid, and ineffective as 20 years ago. Government IT projects still go spectacularly wrong but they all pray to the church of Agile now. When the agile manifesto was signed (yes old enough to remember), this was not the case. Agile was a new thing then. People were doing all sorts of stuff at the time and confusing processes and modeling techniques and requirements engineering methodology. Universities taught waterfall then (mostly because academics have no clue how development actually works). Rational Unified Process was something pimped by a company specializing in UML tooling! They ended up in the hands of IBM; probably the least agile company in existence at the time. Blue suits/white shirts were very much still a thing then. RUP was considered modern in the late nineties. UML itself perpetuated the dogmas of waterfall, which was to first do detailed designs (using UML) after doing requirements specifications and before doing implementation work and before testing would commence. Automated testing was not a thing at the time. With rational unified they added a thin layer of iterative; meaning you got to do waterfall multiple times in a project. Rational's premise was that this required tools, lots of tools. Very complex tools that required lots of consulting. This is why IBM bought them. Iterative development is of course almost as old as waterfall. The original paper by Royce on waterfall is actually a pretty good read but was soon complemented by papers on spiral and iterative development. Feedback loops are a good thing; every engineer knows this. What the agile manifesto accomplished was that the UML bubble was burst. Having a lot of design documentation slows you down when iterating and makes it hard to do that. When people figured out that the added value of this typically incomplete and out of date documentation was questionable and that iterating was a good thing the result was that UML became a thing for whiteboards and from there an entirely optional thing. Same with requirements documentation, which was a bit of a black art to begin with. With agile people figured out that it's much easier to specify small deltas of what you want changed then the whole thing up front. Issue trackers empowered this. Bugzilla was the first popular one that got a lot of traction. They turned requirements into a way of working. In a post agile world, everybody uses similarly capable tools. Typically git, some issue tracker, async commnunication tools like irc or slack, etc. I exclude email here; relative to 20 years ago, I spend a lot less time looking at email. It's rapidly disappearing from my life at least. Async communication is at odds with meetings and empower having distributed teams. The open source world was always distributed and never relied on meetings. They were an early adopted of asynchronous tools. With post agile people are discovering that the added value of meetings is questionable. Agile initially replaced tools with structured ways to organize teams. An unintended side effect was lots of meetings. Meetings are inherently synchronous in both time and (usually) space. They require heads in a room at a specific moment. Video conferencing sucks and remote attendees are typically at a huge disadvantage in such meetings. So meetings are an obstacle for having remote teams. With post agile, people are keeping some of the tools but are abandoning meetings. This is similarly liberating as saying goodbye to convoluted out of date UML diagrams, crappy requirements specifications, and the glacial pace of waterfall style development. Other post agile trends are continuous deployment: if it's ready, ship it now, not after the next retrospective in two weeks. And it's key enabler: continuous integration: aka. automatically assess whether you are fit to ship right now and do that after every small change. The former eliminates release management as a role and the latter relieves product managers from having to manually test and approve releases. That cuts down on meetings and eliminates Sprints as a necessity and allows you to iterate in hours instead of weeks. With sprints out of the way, you can delete the associated meetings. Standups are not practical in a distributed team, so those go as well. Post agile is about asynchronous communication and work distribution and getting rid of synchronization bottlenecks in processes (aka meetings). DNS over HTTPS is a great idea. There's nothing wrong with the protocol or Mozilla's implementation of it. This article is all about Mozilla's default choice for a DNS provider. I think Cloudflare is actually a reasonable choice though I'm not a big fan of their annoying captchas that I get served whenever I use vpns. There's nothing sneaky going on here; which the article seems to imply. Currently there is no UI to configure any of this yet (other than about:config) but you can trivially select any DNS provider that implements this in the same place where you turn this on. The relevant setting is network.trr.uri. Also, you need to opt in to this to turn it on so you'd be reviewing this setting as well. Also you can configure how this is used, how and when it falls back to normal DNS, etc. You can run your own server if you want; or use the one from your provider if/when they implement this. For obvious reasons, there are not a lot of usable servers yet but it seems Google has implemented this as well. So I assume they plan to roll this out for Chrome at some point. The premise of this article seems to be that you should trust your provider to do DNS and do it well. I'm sorry to say but for the vast majority of providers I have experience with the opposite is the case. I've had providers redirect dns failures to advertising pages in the past, shitty performance (600 ms or worse), and generally trying to rip me off with bad network infrastructure related outages while charging me a premium for bandwidth clearly not delivered via obviously very congested infrastructure. I have no reason whatsoever to trust them, at all. The less they can learn from my traffic the better. I think we're past focusing on proof. We need to focus on probabilities and insuring ourselves against possible or likely outcomes. Reality check, we have a sample size of 1. So, if we get it wrong, it's game over and we mess up our planet for centuries or millennia. The question is how comfortable we are with being utterly wrong on that gamble. For me the answer is, pretty damn uncomfortable. Even a 1 % gamble on getting this stuff wrong has a pretty significant chance of backfiring on us. Russian roulette has only a slightly worse probability. And to be fair, our odds might actually be considerably better putting the proverbial gun to your head considering what some scientists are saying. Are they 20% right 50% right or 80% right? I don't know. Is the water going to rise 1 m by 2060, by 2100, or later? I don't know. I do know that would be highly annoying for a lot of people and it would be awfully nice to live in a place that has dikes or is well above sea level by then. I happen to believe it is probably ballpark closer to 95-99% but I'd argue even a 1% chance that they are not completely wrong about this should be more than enough motivation to do something about it on the off chance it is needed. The number doesn't actually matter that much. What matters is acknowledging it is not 0%. We have a non zero, potentially very large chance that we are actively killing this planet and everything on it in either the next decades or centuries. That's too big of chance to just go "Meh, lets wait and see". As soon as you acknowledge that, opposing any action that mitigates that risk becomes madness. A better option could be synthetic fuels produced using solar/wind from air and water. Some gas plants are already being converted to burn Hydrogen Peroxide instead, which can be produced from sea water using wind power. Of course a lot of that stuff might be obsoleted by improvements in batteries and other ways of storing energy. Then there are a few projects that are attempting to convert co2 back into fuels using solar energy. Even producing diesel this way could become feasible. Of course scaling production up is going to take time. A lot of this will ultimately be cost driven, the current fuel burn rate makes operating these vessels enormously expensive. Short term the cheapest option is simply to continue to burn huge amounts of oil. That's not going to get cheaper or better over time and will create incentives for people to become more creative. The same is true in the aviation industry BTW. Fuel is the driving cost factor there. Anyone that can figure out how to slash that cost is going to get a lot of business. Right now solar and wind are enjoying exponential growth and price drops. Using that cheap energy to produce fuel might become feasible very soon and cost effective soon after. They should de-emphasize Dart and refocus Flutter development around Kotlin and make that a first class citizen and untangle flutter from Dart. Kotlin already is the language of choice for Android development has a very similar style to Dart (as in Dart provides few if any advantages that I'm aware off). Google already supports Kotlin in Android studio and adoption over the last few years has been enormous. Providing continuity for Android developers is hugely important. There's a Kotlin native compiler in the works that will support IOS, Android (native), servers, and WASM as outputs. This makes it a proper full stack language. Compiling to WASM to target frontend code is the sensible thing to do. As far as I can tell, Dart 2 compiles directly to javascript instead of using WASM. This does not make sense to me as a thing to push in 2018. Kotlin has one as well but they have shifted development towards their native compiler and supporting javascript vial wasm. The new Ux is pretty bad and confusing and introduces new problems the previous iteration did not have. I did a video call with my mother the other day and we both had issues trying to figure out the video part of that. That is not acceptable. At some point I ended up with a full screen view of myself and a tiny version of the other side overlayed. Eh just wtf?! Why? In what universe is that useful? No obvious way to fix it either. They seem to have removed all the relevant buttons that used to be there. I actually don't mind the look and feel. But the product is a lot more confusing than it used to be. It seems both Ms and Google are stuck in loops of reinventing video chat in increasingly worse ways. Given the legal wrangling with Oracle, I don't think they will be eager to support Java. However, Kotlin has a native compiler (llvm based) as well. You can target Android/IOS with it as well as Wasm or simple desktop/server executables. So, the smart move would be to deemphasize Dart, move flutter on top of Kotlin native/llvm (and why not expose it to other languages as well; e.g. swift). Then they cab move the entire Android ecosystem on top of llvm and provide some level of continuity for people with Kotlin/Android codebases. The main challenge here is the API gap between the old java 6 APIs that underly the current Android API that won't be there on native Kotlin. Flutter solves that problem. This is not a problem but a huge opportunity. Instead of shutting down capacity, they need to find ways to utilize it. There are plenty of things you can do with energy. Water desalination, splitting water into h2 and o2, etc. all take lots of energy. California has a huge water shortage and apparently too much electricity. The US never abolished slavery, it just replaced it with prison labor and an endless supply of poor people that are fed into it on all sorts of minor offenses that would in most countries not result in a conviction. I know of no other countries that lock up this large a percentage of their population and then still manages to rival major war zones in terms of gun deaths per capita. It's offensive how ridiculously ineffective and cruel the US prison system is. Here's the fix: abandon slave labor and bring back prisons under local government control fully funded out of tax money. Then allow local politicians to decide what is reasonable to do with that funding. The whole problem is simply that people are profiting from locking people up and bankrolling the whole process. The problems between oracle and google are related to copyright and APIs. Androids OSS java bits are licensed differently(Apache license if I recall correctly) and technically a partially API compatible implementation of Java about 10 years ago with lots of Google specific additions and some code inherited from IBMs harmony project. In any case, compiler technology has moved forward a lot and as Apple has been showing with IOS and Swift, you can do some pretty decent app ecosystem around native code without having to expose your developers to doing C/C++. I think AR definitely has a future but it clearly isn't here yet. Magic Leap has been under a lot of pressure to prove that they are not vapor ware. Which, is why I assume that they chose to launch this now. Unfortunately, their vision and their product are obviously still miles apart and the content is a little underwhelming right now. Probably the best way to look at this would be as SDK for early adopters. The first version of the product that doesn't require a ton of NDAs to be signed to even be allowed in the same room with it. However, the price point is such that this is clearly not intended to be a mass market product. For a mass market product the price could actually be fine but then the experience needs to match the price. People spend way more on fancy TVs, high end laptops, gaming hardware, etc. For that to happen there needs to be a supply of compelling content. The UX for AR is going to have to be substantially different from whatever your current OS does. Overlaying a lot of 2D windows in your peripheral vision doesn't really make a lot of sense. Sure, it's a neat trick but probably not that practical. Similarly a lot of mobile UX is inherently 2D currently and actually optimized for tiny screens manipulated by clumsy fingers. Slapping some AR on that is not going to be very compelling. With VR this was more straightforward since there were a lot of 3D games that with a little work can be awesome in VR. So far gaming is the killer use case for VR. People spend money on the latest VR kit so they can play all the awesome games that are out there and immerse themselves. On the AR front the most popular thing so far has been pokemon go and a range of me too style clones of that. That was only possible because of a critical mass of cheap, camera equipped mobile phones. With AR we need new content specifically made for AR. Most VR content does not port over well to AR since the whole point of that content is full immersion and the whole point of AR is not replacing reality but enhancing it. Clearly magic leaps strategy for this is to have their own OS, app store, devices, and platform. This sounds like a risky strategy since clearly all their marketing is about the qualities of the device and how cool the technology powering that is. It's significant how they are not talking about the rest of the ecosystem. From what I've heard via a friend of a friend on the hololens team, MS is putting a lot of resources into building out that with a lot of cool R&D in the pipeline. MS of course has a long history of cool R&D projects that ultimately never turned into products but this looks like they are pretty serious about it. You forgot one: The companies that produce these pills figured out that it is a hugely profitable thing to be selling heroine in pill form (which is more or less what we are talking about) and have been heavily marketing their drugs to doctors and patients. As a consequence all of the things you list are happening and it is hugely profitable. And when I say marketing here think ads on the tv, heavy lobbying with politicians, inviting doctors to exclusive events and pampering them, sponsoring studies on chronic pain, etc. Keeping it quiet might be a thing given the moral outrage this would trigger. The main obstacles here are access to donor eggs and surrogate mothers willing to carry. This may already have happened. Additionally, failure rates acceptable with dogs and livestock are going to cause moral outrage. Though if you look at IVF, the success rates there are not great and it is considered acceptable anyway. Never mind the discarded embryos, miscarriages, etc. Many couples try for years before succeeding. Ongoing progress might make a few of these things easier. E.g. producing egg cells from normal cells might become feasible. Also there is some progress with artificial wombs. Add to that improvements to gene manipulation and you are looking at industrial scale production of clones of all sorts of species. I see this more as a question of when than if. Human cloning is inevitable. The main obstacles for this are entirely non technical. There are enough religious and political constraints that this will have to happen under the radar and in less strict countries for a while. Barbara Streisand cloning her dogs sort of moves us toward that though. Puppies are cute and so what if they were cloned? Are human babies so different? You can bet that there are some dictators, billionairs, etc. out there that would love to have a "mini me". It's the ultimate in narcissism and hedonism. Trump might be interested, just saying ;-). He's insensitive enough to not give a F * what everybody else things. This baby is going to be great. I will be the best child ever! Actually price stability and a lack of predictability are what is killing oil business. Sometimes it is cheap, sometimes it is not cheap. We've seen prices range from the lower thirties to over a hundred dollars per barrel in the last decade. Countries like Russia, Venezuela, and Saudi Arabia are suffering economically when prices go down. They 'fix' it by over supplying and subsequently under supplying. This then causes production bottlenecks and shortages that drive the price up again. Meanwhile their production is getting more expensive because they've exhausted all the cheap options which means they need the prices to be high most of the time or they are losing money. Likewise fracking based extraction in e.g. Texas is only economically viable if prices stay high. Over supply due to countries dumping their reserves to balance their budgets are keeping prices low. This makes investments in more expensive ways to produce oil less attractive. Eventually cheap reserves will run out. So cheap oil is a double edged sword. That's why wind projects like typically have investors behind them that used to dabble in oil. Just makes more sense to that than to invest in exploiting oil reserves that may never deliver enough ROI to be worth the trouble. Material science breakthroughs have improved the efficiency and cost effectiveness of turbines. Simply put, less friction means higher output and less maintenance. There are a lot of exotic ceramics and other materials available now that simply did not exist only a few decades ago. Also, economies of scale have matured the industry around this to the point where installation and maintenance cost are down and much more predictable. With solar, panel efficiency has gradually improved and economies of scale is driving panel production and operation cost down as well. Coal prices have been kind of stable since there is plenty to be mined. But since clean alternatives dipped below the coal prices a few years ago, coal has become a lot less attractive. That combined with heavy pollution means that coal plants are slowly being shut down and most plans for building new ones have been shelved. Meanwhile a lot of the remaining coal plants that are still operating are facing likely shut downs over the next decade or so because they won't be able to make a profit as clean alternatives drive prices down as they come online. Ironically, software is replacing pilots and their checklists. Check lists are essential in planes because they are complex machines with traditionally low levels of automation. This creates extremely high workloads for pilots. The only way to deal with that is checklists. The solution is automation. Compare a modern fadec engine with a 50 year old piston engine. The engine manages itself. You basically turn it on and it regulates itself. There are still checklists of course but they are a lot shorter. Similarly fly by wire, auto pilots, etc. have reduced workloads. There is still plenty of opportunity to fix things. Software could do with a lot more checks and balances. But you have to balance the workload, overhead with the added value. Also, you need to think about automation. Continuous deployment is basically doing exactly that. It can only be done if you have automated tests and deployments. We've been using CF for a few years as well. IMHO it is very complicated to manage and getting stuff working involves a lot of trial and error. Also you end up waiting a lot. Waiting for things to spin up, waiting for things to become available, waiting for things to rollback, etc. On top of that the failure modes can be ugly and hard to figure out. My recommendation is to treat CF as a single point of failure. Once it gets in a broken state, you may have to destroy your stack and rebuild it. Even if it is fixable on paper, being able to just nuke a stack and replace it is a very good thing. This has happened to us multiple times and having a plan helps. So what I do with elasticsearch for example is use 3 CF stacks (one for each AZ). This allows me to do things like rolling restarts in a sane way without having to do some flaky deep integration into CF to make it orchestrate a rolling restart without destroying my cluster state simply by replacing the stacks one by one. If I were to build this again, I'd probably use terraform. Also, I'm looking forward to moving most of our stuff to kubernetes. For some footage, check out Trent Palmer's recent series of youtube videos of his journey to and from Oshkosh with a group of bush planes across the US: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqhuK4JnA4E&list=PL6JekVPw0E... Lots of awesome footage of these people landing in all sorts of crazy places. Also some videos about this plane and its owner. It's sad at a sentimental level but at the same time, the aviation industry provides plenty of statistical material on safety. The general trend of getting humans out of the way through automation is a good one. Checklists are critical to make sure humans don't fail to do something. Anything they don't have to do is an item less on the checklist and one less thing that can go wrong. With many modern planes the startup check list is "push the start button". Of course you still have the pre-flight checklists and other checklists but engine management is typically fully automated. That means no more complex failure modes because of cowl flap management, wrong mixture or prop settings, over torquing the engine, etc. Disclaimer, I'm a big Neal Stephenson fan. Reamde, is a fast paced techno thriller. It's arguably one of his lesser novels but still a ton of fun IMHO. The premise of the book is that of an online game that is essentially similar to world of warcraft with the difference that the entire point of the game is the in game economy. This part of the book is pretty well developed and ties in nicely with his other novels that also deal with money, gold, crypto currencies, etc. The crisis in the game is when a group of enterprising chinese hackers deploy a virus that encrypts people's laptops via a bit of ransomware distributed via email. To unlock their computers people are to pay some of the in game gold in a particular area. All goes sideways through a set of rather unlikely coincidences. There are a lot of other elements being dragged into this including a fair bit of gun wielding by terrorists, russian mafia, and the protagonist and his somewhat libertarian family. This is is not the most innovative plot and it is ultimately a relatively one dimensional plot that is in places a bit cringeworthy. I still enjoyed this book and have read it multiple times. It's got plenty of side plots, detailed musings, and so on that are typical for Neal Stephenson. If you enjoy that kind of thing, this book is fine but it's no Anathem or Snow Crash. This looks somewhat different to me than other rankings I've seen lately. Python is a nice language but putting it in first place kind of raises a lot of questions about the methodology since it is nowhere near that spot in essentially all similar rankings I've seen, ever. Also, python for embedded development?! I'm sure people do that but it hardly sounds like a typical use case for python. I spent some time doing adapting some geometry algorithms to work with geospatial coordinates a few years ago. The problem with the poles is that latitude converges to 90 degrees whereas longitude degrees are all over the place if you move even slightly. This combined with precision issues with floating point math causes all sorts of issues. A good example is a simple algorithm I did to draw circles on a map by turning them into polygons: https://github.com/jillesvangurp/geogeometry/blob/master/src... This works perfectly fine if you stay away from the poles but if you get close enough the circles become a bit irregular. The algorithm tries to work around some of the issues but the results don't look pretty. Other issues I encountered were several datasources with invalid degrees due to rounding errors. This is an issue along the dateline (180 degrees longitude). E.g. 180.0000001 degrees is invalid. Another fun edgecase in geo is null Island, a fictional island of the coast of Africa at (0,0) that has become a fun little easter egg in many datasources. A friend of mine dedicated this website to it: https://www.vicchi.org/2014/04/05/welcome-to-the-republic-of... +1 on hubspot. They also have nice APIs and their freemium package is very nice. API usage is part of the freemium package. We use it to send leads from our backend system. I think their premise is that CRMs are a commodity and all the value is in upselling the type of features that they charge for. So making sure the baseline CRM is very good drives sales for that. Either way, it's a decent product. Did they ever fix the global interpreter lock? Sort of a show stopper with doing stuff concurrently in python. I've done a bit of batch processing using the multi process module; which uses processes instead of threads. This works but it is a bit of a kludge if you are used to languages that support concurrency properly. Annoying but not the end of the world IMHO. In any case, I have a dockerhub account so I can publish containers there; so I might as well use it. Similarly I have a Github account and am actually a paying customer as well. The bottom line is I have accounts left right and center for things that I depend on professionally. Some of these I even pay for but most of them I don't pay a penny. This is a closed source product distributed for free. They are well in their rights to charge money for it even. Given that and given how important this product is for my day to day routine (I run lots of docker stuff all the time), and given that docker has been contributing a lot of OSS code in this space, I think this is a relatively small and entirely fair price to pay. I don't agree with the sense of entitlement in this thread. Docker providing a free community edition of a product they've built that allows running docker on top of Mac/Windows is not charity but a means for them to up-sell their commercial solutions. That's the only reason it exists. I'm grateful that it exists and I hope that they can make this work so I can continue to depend on this. An alternative is getting a linux laptop and running pure open source versions of whatever containerization you require. C# emerged around the time that Java IDEs emerged. Basically, MS did a decent job with the C# language and tooling. However, it was very much inspired by Java, Java IDEs and Microsoft's own Java IDE (Visual J++). I think IBM was first with supporting refactorings for Java in Visual Age and Eclipse. Refactorings themselves emerged out of the Smalltalk community. MS was very motivated to support that for C# as they were getting worried about losing marketshare to Java at the time and because J++ got a lot of negative press (compatibiltiy issues, vendor lockin, the usual MS stuff). In the end C# was held back by the same factors that held back J++ and it took them until very recently to openly support it on platforms other than Windows. Not so strange if you realize that an IDE needs to do essentially the same type of things as a compiler in order to offer things like refactorings, autocompletion, etc. Idea developed Kotlin as a better Java. Most of their IDE is now written in it. Deep integration with the IDE was a design goal from day 1. They release the IDE plugin and compiler with the same version number. They are basically developed together. I usually find out about new Kotlin releases because my IDE prompts me to update the plugin. Happened to me this morning with 1.2.61. Yes, it potentially also helps solve another problem many greek islands have: water shortages. With surplus clean energy they could invest in desalination plants to produce drinking water and stop depleting their natural resources. I think they were very much inspired by Delphi and other Borland products at the time. Delphi was pretty awesome in 1996/1997. Irc is all but dead. I see less and less places where it is used. In the same way NNTP is dead as a doornail and completely irrelevant. Last time I saw that used for something else than filesharing was something like 10 years ago. The same place also used IRC. Both failed to modernize or keep up with progress. The only places where this stuff is at all still used/tolerated is places where the average age is well above forty and where the audience is engineers only. Most millennials that I work with don't even know what this stuff is because they simply never encountered anything where this is still in use. The ones that do tend to be male and heavily involved with OSS. It's a somewhat elitist thing at this point. People seem to like to hate slack and similar solutions. The OSS way to deal with stuff like this is to build something better and not get too nostalgic about decades old stuff that did not keep up with a changing world. Here are the design goals for a modern team chat solution: - It must be stupidly easy to create a private team. Think minutes. This is not something you put an engineer on either. That would be a waste of time/resources. - There must be zero admin overhead. This is the first thing you do in a new project. SAAS is the way to go here for most places; sign up, click, click done. There's absolutely no excuse to waste any time setting up software, servers, and committing to managing that for the vast majority of teams. - It has to be inclusive. Anywone should be able to jump in. Especially non technical people. Like your manager, designers, users, etc. - It has to have mobile apps that are usable and fully featured. I think the general idea here is that these are biodegradable materials .... Sure, but why would you assume it is? Also, you'd need a lot of this stuff to do any damage even if it was that much of a pollutant. I've been working with the author of this article for the last five years on building Inbot taking care of the backend and technical strategy. For most of this year we've been planning to do an ICO and a few weeks ago we decided to not proceed with that for essentially the reasons outlined in the article. We are actually keeping the utility token but are no longer planning to do an ICO with that. The plan is for this to be a proper utility token that our customers can buy (using fiat or crypto) to buy services from our user base. This makes it a proper utility token where the value is coupled to economic activity in our platform. Simply put, it's a function of how much our customers are spending on these tokens. We are launching the token on the Stellar platform. This is after having prototyped our token on Ethereum as an ERC 20 token. Smart contracts have a lot of potential but the current state of affairs in Ethereum makes that a very impractical platform for doing business. There are challenges related to regulation/kyc, UX, performance/throughput, and getting your token listed on an exchange. Simply put, launching a token on ethereum is currently extremely expensive and using the tokens is comparatively hard. It also requires you to do business with a lot of unsavory types in the industry. This is a big reason for us to move away from Ethereum. Stellar is so far looking pretty good for us. It has a distributed exchange and compliance protocols. It is proof of work based, which solves the scaling issues with Ethereum as well as enabling microtransactions. Unlike ethereum, we can actually use it to build out our usecases and expect to have reasonable performance and cost. It also has a federation mechanism that allows us to shield our user base from the complexity of dealing with crypto currencies. The source license and binary distribution license are different. The source code is MIT licensed; nothing wrong with that. Great license for this. The binaries are provided with a different license that also covers components from third parties that may not be in the vs code repo as well as telemetry and other data gathered. If for whatever reason you don't like this license, you can build from source. This project seems to do that and remove all of the MS branding and telemetry. There are only a handful of commits on the project so it does not look like it is massive change. The big question is whether that adds enough value and whether this project will make enough effort to keep it's fork up to date. I agree that for the vast majority of users, using the official binaries should be perfectly fine. MS did a fine job with this product. But nothing wrong with having the choice. At less than a gram per lens, there's only so much damage those are going to do. I looked it up, we're talking about 23 tons worth of lenses for the US. A lot, but it pales in comparison to other stuff we do to the environment. Like traditional batteries for example, which we're talking about replacing with something bio degradable. Yes from what I can see in my feed, Facebook is rapidly imploding. A lot of my friends, family, etc. have stopped engaging with it completely. Younger people are simply not on it at all. Long time active posters have gone silent one by one. As a consequence my feed is now completely dominated by just a handful of people that are still actively using it for whatever reason. It's less relevant to me now than at any point in the 11 or so years I've been on it. It helps. But a few decades of deliberate infrastructure investments is what has made this a viable mode of transport in the Netherlands. This has been policy for decades and given the success in increasing safety, the policies have only become more pro cyclists over time. It's a data driven thing at this point. If repeated accidents happen on a particular bit of road, there will very likely be some follow up in the form of infrastructure work to fix things. Any new infrastructure that gets planned, this stuff is designed in from day 1. Much of this work is planned in order of priority based on things like accident statistics. Many US cities are actually quite suitable for adapting them to cyclists. The roads are wide and there's plenty of room to start fixing the infrastructure to have separate bike lanes, safer intersections, etc. You can start simple with some road markings. It's not rocket science. There are technical solutions to all of this. I come from a country that has been fighting back the sea for centuries (Netherlands) and that has been exporting it's knowledge to do so for a long time as well. The basic consensus is that we'll need bigger dikes and a few other things over the next decades. Plenty of time to build that. Not a problem. At least not in places that can afford to invest in solutions. Basically build some dikes, desalination plants, pumping stations, etc. and start planning which areas to protect and which areas to abandon. Problem solved. All of this requires money of course. Luckily, Miami is still a pretty rich city in a relatively rich state; it can handle this. If the worst happens, it will be because of ignorance and mismanagement and not because of a lack of solutions or means. It may take a few minor incidents before people figure this out but the smart thing would be to not wait for that. Electric planes still have a few challenges ahead but basically technical progress seems to make short haul electrical flight feasible within the next decade. The reason this is being pursued by so many companies is that electric planes solve a lot of problems and represent an enormous disruption to the aviation industry. Modern air planes are very complex and expensive to operate and need a lot of maintenance. The cost of operating them is completely dominated by fuel cost, maintenance overhead, and expensive taxes and fees at airports related to noise and pollution. With electrical engines, all of this changes. They are light and simple and tend to have a long operational life with very low maintenance requirements. Recharging batteries is extremely cheap compared to burning tons of fuel (literally). Filling up an A321, which takes 24K liters of kerosene, will take you somewhere between 10 and 15K and gets you a range of around close to 8000 km. Most flights are much shorter than that meaning a lot of their weight and range is redundant. Also, you burn a lot of fuel on takeoffs and most planes need to get up high to get to an economical fuel burn rate to cruise. So you pay a huge price for getting all that weight up on every take off. Electrical planes don't need to get up that high and can cruise efficiently at both low and high altitudes. Once cruising, operating them as a glider is actually feasible as well because you can safely turn the engines off and on again (unthinkable with a jet). It's worse, basically students are taking loans to pay for this. This requires even more admin work so they hire even more administrators. Apples and oranges. You also need to factor in the weight of the engines and the reenforced fuselage you need to support jet engines. It's not just the fuel that is heavy. Electrical engines are really light and compact. The resulting planes can be much lighter. Also electical engines can be throttled up and down with much better granularity. An idling jet engine still produces a lot of trust and burns a lot of fuel even before it leaves the ground. So the efficiencies you get from better control over the output are substantial as well. Basically the current state of the art gives you a flight time of typically 1-1.5 hours with most electrical planes. If you double or triple that capacity through better batteries you basically get planes that can do short haul. The expectation is that that is basically happening over the next decade. Depends, it takes about 20-30 minutes to start a jet; do all the pre-flight checks, etc. Add to that boarding, cleaning, etc. and most planes would be on the ground for at least half an hour and probably closer to an hour in between flights. That's plenty of time to recharge. You're taking current batteries as the benchmark and comparing them to a 747. A 747 takes about 50K gallons of kerosene. Or roughly 150 tonnes; according to wikipedia the maximum takeoff weight for a 747 is around 500 tonnes. That's also a good explanation of why these big planes are being replaced by smaller ones; using that much fuel is stupendously expensive. The reason why the engines and fuel are in the wings has more to do with the center of gravity. This needs to be where the wings are for the plane to be stable because of the non trivial amounts of fuel that get burned and the weight of the engines. If you'd store this in the back or front of the plane, the plane would get progressively harder to control through the flight. With batteries, this is a non issue. You can put them wherever as long as the center of gravity is in the right place. It won't shift as you deplete the batteries. But still, the wings are probably going to be a popular place for this. Comparing with a long haul 747 is of course a bit unfair. It is worth noting that these planes are being replaced by more efficient two engine planes that are lighter and much more efficient. But I agree it will be a while before we see cross Atlantic flights at that scale. But we're talking short haul here; 1-2 hour flights. For short haul what matters is balancing how much energy is spent getting up high vs. how much benefit you are getting from being there. With an electrical engine you'll go as high as needed to maximize your range. The energy cost is not really a consideration here, it's all about the range. With a jet you will instead be optimizing fuel flow since that fundamentally drives your cost. That means taking the minimum amount of fuel you can get away with and the maximum number of passengers to ensure you actually recover the cost of the fuel you are burning. Or build desalination plants and stop draining the natural reserves of fresh water. Probably a lot cheaper. The point of the dikes would be to prevent flooding; not protecting fresh water supplies. The laws differ per country, which makes this super complicated. One of the complexities is that you cannot actually opt out of copyright in many countries and semi private institutions exist that by default will start demanding fees for other people's works based on vague notion of them being the designated organization to do so. The legalities around this are super complicated but it boils down to private institutions having the right to charge fees for copyrighted work by default. In Germany, this organization is called Gema and they send takedown notices and demand to be payed for work to which they do not own the copyright which they then distribute among their members. This happens even when this goes against the will of the legal copyright holder and you get absolutely nothing unless you are member. Becoming a member is very long process and is not free. So you have to pay to eventually get the right to get payed. It is effectively the bigger Gema members that grab most of the cash that it collects. Effectively organizations like Gema are legalized extortion schemes. They get to play judge, prosecutor, and police. Real judges routinely and blindly rule in their favor. Lawmakers are lobbied into submission, etc. Wikipedia has a nice overview of how artists are getting ripped off, misc fraudulent schemes involving Gema, and how money rolls to their exclusive members rather than the artists: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GEMA_(German_organization) . What happened in this case is that the recordings are in the Gema database which parties like Youtube are required to use to check for potential violations. Of course Gema has no interest whatsoever to prune this database of stuff that shouldn't be there (like public domain stuff) and good luck convincing them to remove stuff from that db. More entries basically means more money for them and the burden is on the payer to prove otherwise. Their strategy is to make this as hard and tedious as possible so they can maximize their profits. They already have haptic feedback on their trackpad, which is non mechanical. Merging the touchbar and trackpad would make a lot of sense; it's a lot of real estate to waste. Oled is the way to go here though. That's what they did with the touchbar. There are a few electric ships out there powered by batteries. They have a really short range though and of course a lot smaller than what Maersk needs. A few examples of electrical ships: https://phys.org/news/2017-05-norway-self-sailing-electric-c... https://electrek.co/2017/12/04/all-electric-cargo-ship-batte... I'm guessing battery cost rather than weight is the main issue here. The Chinese ship is powered by the equivalent of about 24 teslas apparently for a whopping range of 50 miles. Compared to the overal weight of these ships, I could imagine extended range with more batteries would be feasible. I imagine the capital expense is the bottleneck here; not the weight. But it makes a lot of sense for shorter routes. Having solar and wind to supplement energy might help extend their range by a meaningful percentage but probably not enough to make it worth bothering since you in any case have to recharge frequently; which is probably comparatively cheap (compared to buying fuel) Wind powered sail drones already exist as well: https://www.saildrone.com/ These are tiny of course but they can be out there for months by themselves. You could imagine a scaled versions of these transporting cargo. With no fuel cost and no staffing cost, you can get economies of scale by simply having more of them rather than bigger ones. The reason big ships are popular today is that they minimize staff and fuel cost. Big ships require a lot of power but they are overall more cost effective per ton of load than smaller ones. If you take people and fuel cost out of the equation, you can start thinking about different solutions. Most european cities and countries have government run public transport or semi private monopolies running the transport. Privatization is usually singled out as the root cause of the sorry state of the rail service in e.g. the UK. Basically it leads to companies cherry picking the most lucrative routes and shutting down the rest. So, I don't think you can blame the shift from private to public for this. It's not that black and white. I think the car lobby has been a much bigger factor in driving both the construction of highways, suburbs, and destruction of local tram networks across most cities in the US. This did not happen in Europe. I was in San Francisco a few months ago. The public transport there is pretty bad compared to what I'm used to in Berlin (clean, fast, efficient, etc.). The local muni trains are tiny and infrequent and you basically have to step over hords of homeless people to get into them. I was kind of shocked to see a 1 car muni show up after waiting for that for close to 15 minutes at Powel station. It's like they're not even trying. Exactly. German car manufacturers are announcing to start shipping products from next year. They are not announcing at what price and volume they expect to be selling those. But you can safely assume this will be very high and very low for quite some time. Everybody seems to be going on about Teslas well documented struggle to reach 5K cars/week in production. My guess is that it will be quite a bit of time before the traditional manufacturers will be able to boast similar numbers. All indications are that German car manufacturers are taking the same path as Tesla has over the last ten years: start shipping in low volume at the very high end of the market and (re) learn how to build products in this market. My guess is that they are themselves expecting it to take quite a while to catch up; probably in the order of five to ten years. The currently announced and rumored models are stop gap solutions to not fall behind any further. They are behind in specs and pricing and they can't ship them in large enough volumes. But it is better than having nothing in the market. It's what is going to come after those that is going to make or break them. Look for the second or third generation models of these vehicles by 2023-2025. By then they should have sorted out logistics and battery production issues and figured out how to make better EVs for less money. Meanwhile, Model 3 sales alone are outpacing their high end conventional models in the same price class in the US. Considering that that is where car manufacturers make their money, that has got to be hurting financially. Likewise, Model S is selling pretty substantially in Europe, and out selling several of the BMW an Mercedes models in the same price class. In Germany! Model 3 has yet to start shipping here in serious volume. With Tesla steadily increasing production, improving efficiency in their production, opening new factories (and planning to build more), rolling out to more countries, and dropping prices over the next five years, that is going to be a problem for other manufacturers for a while. I never really got into Evernote. It's me, I'm horribly unproductive with so called productivity apps and end up abandoning most of them. But I get that the product was hugely popular back in the day and had a loyal group of users. My impression when I last tried it a few years ago was that it was a product that lacked focus in a bad way. Basically they were bolting on everything and the kitchen sink. The UX wasn't particularly good either. It was trying to be too many things at once; none of them particularly well. To make this work, they need some fresh ideas and focus. More of the same is not going to cut it: they have to do something different. So getting rid of the CTO, CFO, and CPO sounds about right since clearly things weren't working out with them in terms of technical vision, monetization, or product focus. The question is of course whether there's a better plan now or whether this is just stepping stone towards inevitable acquihire of whatever remains. There are a couple of related topics: 1) Complex decision making in stressful situations. When you are under stress, you won't be thinking properly or have time to weigh all the pros and cons. However, you can plan ahead and consider what you would do under particular circumstances. Having a plan means you can act, right away. 2) Avoiding taking premature decisions. This helps you avoid the stress and distractions that come with deciding things that are not immediately relevant and frees you up to focus on more urgent things. Deal with it when you need to and when you have all relevant facts but no sooner. Yes and no. IMHO Lean has generated a lot of startups that had too much of a narrow focus and optimized away all the potentially interesting parts of their products because they were focusing on a MVP that turned out to be lacking in the V part because they were focusing on the M part. There's this great presentation by Don Reinertsen "Second Generation Lean Product Development Flow": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6v6W7jkwok&index=55&list=LL... Which is a perfectly valid way to fix some of the worst offenses of the original Lean movement, which were to throw out the baby with the bathwater by focusing on only doing things that had low option value and low risk. Sort of the opposite of what you need to do in a startup, which is to do something genuinely new and creating value while taking calculated risks. Don does a great job of providing some nice economic rationalizations of how deal with things that are risky but valuable, planning and estimating these things, etc. He also makes a great argument for shipping value fast, which is to maximize the economic life span of your product and prioritize getting revenue earlier vs. getting revenue later with a potentially better product. Many tech startups get sucked into building the perfect thing and missing their window of opportunity for both raising funding and monetizing their product. Unless of course your startup is not about the tech, in which case definitely avoid taking risks on the tech front and focus on shipping a product fast. If you are building a market place, the last thing you want to do is reinventing how those work. You instead want to focus on whatever the hell it is you are selling. Lean was always popular with those type of startups. I tend to think of them as no-tech startups. You get a bunch of MBAs, marketing and other non techies and then bring in the full stack hipsters to copy paste a bunch of crappy js files together to fake it until you can afford to hire a proper team. There are a lot of limitations with Amazon's hosted offering. Mostly you will find out about them when your cluster needs maintenance (upgrades, outages, etc.). Elastic cloud is a much better product in terms of features, support, performance, documentation, price, etc. I've used both and ran my own clusters as well. Elastic Cloud is my default option these days. Handelsblatt reported on this: https://global.handelsblatt.com/companies/tesla-model-s-outs... Well, it worked for Nazi Germany. Loads of them ended up in South America after their Third Reich collapsed; which from their point of view was probably a doomsday scenario. Many of them had been hoarding their riches there for years before that and lived out their lives in luxury after the war. I think the key thing to look for though would be extradition laws. From that point of view, New Zealand looks a lot less attractive. Reminds me of a ted talk a few years ago: "The pitchforks are coming": https://www.ted.com/talks/nick_hanauer_beware_fellow_plutocr... Because on moder hdpi screens, text rendering involves pushing around a lot of pixels. Especially if you do stuff like having translucent windows, aliasing, complex font rendering, smooth scrolling, etc. So, it kind of makes sense to use the GPU for this. Of course on OSX, much of the desktop is already hardware accelerated so it is easy to overstate the impact here. Apple fixed this when they launched OSX in 2000 or so. I've been using iterm for years; when they introduced their metal rendering backend the impact was very subtle but noticable. Anyway, given the amount of time I spend using cli stuff, it kind of matters. Yep, I started out doing java swing and awt UIs in the nineties. That stuff was a walk in the park compared to the craptastic react garbage that passes for software engineering these days. Looking at the JS landscape right now, it feels like we are running backwards in a hurry. Back in the day you could drag and drop simple uis together in minutes in range of IDEs for several languages. Any idiot could do it. In fact there were lots of idiots being productive in stuff like VB. The pros would do it programmatically in basically not a lot more time and end up with something that was easy to maintain and evolve. You'd struggle to replicate most of that stuff in javascript even if you had days/weeks to do it. You'd be reinventing off the shelf components along the way that were completely bog standard 25 years ago; hand crafting event handling mechanisms; dealing with hard layout and positioning issues; etc. That style of development seems to have died out for no good reason that I can think of other than that Javascript has been the only thing that actually works in a browser for the last 20 years. There's no other good reason for people to tolerate that. Looking forward to WASM fixing that problem over the next few years. I might even get back to doing some frontend stuff. Nope, looking forward to having some quality of life and increased life span down the road courtesy of some cool biochemical cocktails, dna hackery, and ample supply of spare parts for things that are clearly at risk of needing replacement at some point. That may very well happen a lot faster than you think thanks to Tesla. Certainly manufacturers seem to be in a hurry to announce stuff they can't quite ship yet to make it seem they are not doing nothing. But I agree volumes need to go up more. We're talking about 1% of overall cars sold. It will take a while for that to get to double digit numbers. Certainly nobody else than Tesla seems ready to produce at any substantial volume. Tesla may double or quadruple their production in the next years and it won't be enough to get there. However, them doing that would be very disruptive to manufacturers trying to currently trying to sell cars at the same price points. System programming is definitely a bit overloaded these days though I believe it is now widely understood to be languages like C/C++ that can be used for OS, kernel, and embedded development. I would agree though that the language ecosystem is shifting a lot in the last few years. IMHO there are now a few languages that are becoming proper full stack languages in the sense that they scale from embedded all the way to browser development. Rust is a great example. I'm really impressed with what the Rust community has done in just a few short years. All my life, C/C++ was the only game in town for the stuff that is now done with Rust with arguably the same or in some cases slightly better performance. Stuff like WASM allows the use of system programming languages in places where they would not be used in the past. Using Rust transpiled to WASM makes it a proper fullstack language. And people are using it for that. And people do server development as well in it as well as OS development. This will start changing as technology improves. Specifically it will change as applications emerge where these things provide a concrete economic benefits that offset the risk. Basically when that happens, money starts flowing to regions where the legislation is more favorable and more innovation happens. At some point there's a tipping point and legislation adapts due to pressure of local parties missing out. E.g. the agricultural sector in the US has enormous power on this front. They already use lots of drones as well as e.g. helicopters to dry cherry trees, crop dusting planes, etc. That business is quite expensive and an obvious target for replacement by drones. When technology gets to the point where legislation is the only real obstacle, there will be lots of pressure for legislation to change. I'd say that's a question of when not if. What will need to happen on the safety front is for drones to play nice with regulated airspace and controllers/pilots in the area. Mostly drones currently don't have stuff like ADS-B or transponders on board. Given how cheap and light stuff like that is getting, I think it's a matter of time before there will be some drone specific versions of that that allow controllers to monitor any drone activity in their area. I imagine stuff like that won't be optional for any commercial operations. Mostly drones are a danger only because they stray in the path of other planes. If there's collision warnings, controller advisories, etc. things get a lot safer. For those dismissing this as a yet another lab breakthrough without substance, the article is about this company getting quite substantial funding for what looks like a pretty nice series A funding round. It looks like there are some serious investors involved that clearly believe that these guys know what they are doing. They presumably did their due diligence. That generally means this company used some seed funding to do proof of concepts and prototypes that are showing some promise. In any case, 20M is nice but clearly nowhere near enough for mass producing stuff like this. So, what this means is this company just received funding to do more R&D from a nice consortium of investors that would clearly benefit from having a stake in a company like that if it had at all any chance of succeeding. Presumably there are still some hard problems left to work on otherwise, we'd be reading about some company investing billions to actually build the factories to mass produce this. Since there are now several companies working on solid state batteries, the chances seem pretty good that one of them will eventually come up with viable products that can be produced at a quality, scale and cost that is interesting. IMHO that will likely happen second half of the next decade or so. One application where this stuff might be applied early might be electric planes. That's a use case where improved energy density and safety is so valuable that even a very expensive solid state battery might still be interesting. Only under a closed world assumption. If e.g. Mexican and Canadian farmers start seeing real cost reductions by using drone technology there will be some very real market demand to sort out any legal obstacles for doing the same in the US. Basically this article is about the Swiss being a bit more pragmatic here. It's probably not the only part of the world where this is the case. I imagine the Chinese are very eager to get a head start in this market as well. So, the only effect of this legislation will be that likely successful companies in this space may not necessarily end up being US based companies and that the US will end up being late to the game. That in itself might be enough incentive for this to get fixed sooner than later. In the same way, self driving cars are being invested in despite legal obstacles that currently make operating them illegal in most places. Well, I'm seeing people doing web apps in Rust and doing operating systems as well. Certainly the Rust community has been all over wasm and rust tooling for that is relatively mature compared to other languages. Precisely because it doesn't need a garbage collector and they don't have to wait for standard solutions for that to ship in the next year or so. But I agree, languages like Swift and Kotlin are a bit more logical choice as fullstack languages. Both of those are also extending their reach. Particulary, Kotlin code is a very nice upgrade from javascript in terms of expressiveness, tooling, and safety. I'm using it on top of the JVM currently. People are doing Android with it and the native compiler currently under development is explicitly targeted at doing native IOS and Android apps (i.e. not the current java based DEX vm common on Android). Series A funding usually means a certain level of viability and risk. Presumably with battery prototypes it is pretty easy to assess if the thing exists at all in some kind of prototype form or not and whether it works at all. When I say due diligence, I'm assuming that stuff was checked and triple checked by investors. Also, Theranos owed a large part of their funding to the fact that the CEO was cute & female. Stuff like that is super sexist of course but that doesn't make it any less true. Investors were a bit less critical than they might have been and the company certainly got a lot more press and exposure due to this than would otherwise have been the case. Not all investors are idiots. In any case, I checked, there's very little chance of that happening with the CEO of Solid Power. Looks like a pretty solid linkedin profile for somebody running a company like this. Agreed, once the final missing pieces are in place (mainly garbage collection at this point) javascript will be an opt in kind of thing rather than the only available choice. Personally, I might get my hands dirty with Kotlin on the frontend. I'm using it on the backend currently so the transition should be relatively smooth for me and I have some crappy JS code that I would love to get rid of at the earliest convenient moment. I imagine there are also a lot of Android developers that might be willing to work on Kotlin based web apps that like me would prefer to not deal with Javascript. I imagine short term things will be a bit rough as tooling and frameworks are still evolving. But as that improves, there will be a very sharp increase in the amount of non JS code running in browsers. Currently the big milestones for Kotlin would be the 1.0 release of the native compiler (0.8 is the latest, I believe), related work on WASM support, and the finalization of things like garbage collection in WASM. Looks like that should all be happening over the next 6-12 months. I think this choice may be partially inspired by the fact that lots of people never switched to Inbox and people like myself actually switched back at some point. For me pinning UX kind of sucked and I really missed the Gmail density of information. What's sad is that Inbox stopped evolving almost immediately after they released it. This seems to be a thing at Google. Release something, hype it, and then just walk away instead of maintaining and improving it. If there was anyone working on that at all in the last 3 years; sorry I failed to notice that there was anything happening at all. It looks to me that there was a skeleton maintenance team at best. So, it looks like there was some infighting and the Inbox team got starved of resources. Gmail on the other hand was improved a lot over the past few years. In general it strikes me that essentially all attempts by Google to do a bait and switch of their products in the past few years have been impopular and somewhat underwhelming in their outcome. They've killed a lot of popular products in favor of things that then flopped. They've repeatedly walked away from products that maybe had issues but were entirely fixable only to replace them with something worse. There's something deeply wrong with how Google is being managed since Alphabet was created. They are lacking a clear direction/strategy. Is it Fuchsia, Chrome OS or Android that is going to be the OS of choice? I'm not sure they know the answer themselves. I'm not sure their OEMs know either. My advice, kill two out of three and get it done within the next 12 months. IMHO, Android would at this point be by far the most disruptive thing to kill. There's a big risk of forks surviving any attempt by Google to kill that and ending up being a headache for Google. Similarly, which of their billion chat clients are we supposed to actually use at this point? Same advice, pick one, kill the rest ASAP. IMHO keeping and fixing hangouts is the best course of action at this point. It's the only one that's been around long enough to actually have a user base (despite it's many flaws and terrible UX). China is well on its way reversing the roles with the US where the in the past the US was supplying knowledge and technology their way, it is increasingly the other way around. They have less and less need for US produced research and technology since they are able to do much of it under their own power now. Some time soon, they will out pace the US GDP as well. US universities have been running for decades on foreign grad students (many of which are Chinese). At the same time the US education system is not producing a lot of domestic talent at this point. Not surprising given years of under funding, budget cuts, the excessive cost of getting educated, etc. The fix is simple: invest, spend, nurture instead of divest, cut, and kill. Modern economies are primarily knowledge driven. Not investing in that is bad for business. I've been in big companies, this has infighting written all over it. Two competing teams, one gets shut down. Classic stuff. Usually means two separate business units with competing middle management fighting over resources. One of them won. My guess is this happened quite some time ago and most of the team was reassigned years ago already. Type systems have improved greatly in the last decades. There are now many statically typed languages that have type inferrence, generics, and other goodies. Likewise many dynamically typed languages have added support for type annotations (typescript, python, and now apparently php). The resulting code is more or less comparable in terms of verbosity and readability. IMHO the minor overhead of documenting your types is well worth the improved readability and resilience against whole categories of bugs that should not be allowed to exist in any software system. There are very few good reasons to not want that. The trend seems in any case for people to have tools in their pipeline that transpile and verify code. E.g. most javascript code gets shipped in minified form. If you are doing that, you might as well run a transpiler, some sanity checks like linters, code analyzers and type checkers. Many people do exactly that. Those type of tools benefit a lot from having more typing information available. Hence the popularity of things like typescript and recent additions to ecmascript of things like classes. Once you have that, the step to a full fledged statically typed languages is the logical next step. It seems the hack people have reached that point. They are definitely biased towards people that are interested in companies like Tesla. However stuff like this is kind of factual ("an investor reported X ... we thinks it means Y") and it comes with some fair caveats. I come across their articles regularly and I haven't really seen them misrepresenting facts. In this case, they add the following to the stuff they cite from the investor: "Electrek’s Take: I would take this with a grain of salt since those tours are controlled by Tesla’s investor relations department and there are obviously made to impress, but it’s nonetheless some interesting color on Tesla’s battery operations.". So credible source but they take their opinion with a grain of salt. So yes, it's definitely a pro Tesla article and the 100$/KwH metric is an interesting one regardless. Definitely looks like they are doing better than their competition (which is not really news) and they seem to be out producing everybody else at this point at lower cost with more cost reductions likely due to economies of scale and improvements such as discussed in the article. Also interesting is Elektrek's take on the infamous 35K variant being more likely to ship towards the end of the announced window. We'll see. Cost reductions definitely make this more feasible. But I can't blame Tesla for wanting to cash in on the apparently greater demand than supply for the more profitable high end models. I imagine they are not in a hurry to drop prices given the lack of competition and given the pressure on them to show positive results on their balance. Nice but a lot of form over function style design does not make the web a better place necessarily. Nevertheless, WebGL is still a bit underused and this is a nice showcase. I imagine that together with WASM it will enable a lot of slick experiences when people start doing the things that currently require native applications. E.g. most games have very slick and responsive UIs. There's no good reason why the web has to be the stuttering laggy mess that that causes your fans to spin up as soon as you scroll. Easy to forget there's a difference between models and the reality they try to represent. All abstractions are leaky. In the case of maps there are all sorts of issues that relate to projections and size, the 2d nature of maps vs. the 3d nature of lots of places, editorial decisions as to what is relevant and what is not, etc. There are a lot of political subtleties as well, historical changes, temporary changes, etc. Also, continental drift and gps accuracy are a thing; especially in earthquake sensitive regions. Most banks suck at doing software and are being outcompeted by startups that have made building good software their core business. E.g. N26 in Germany is rapidly growing marketshare in Europe (and soon the US apparently) with products that are modern, user friendly, and 100% guaranteed cobol free. There are a few similar examples of bank startups that invest primarily in R&D and UX to grab market share from old banks that are simply not competitive. Their marketshare is melting away rapidly. N26 bootstrapped with way less funding than most of these dinosaurs spend on keeping their old crap on life support. Per year. I had a fun incident at Commerzbank here in Germany a few years ago where a request for some older statements that I needed for our compmany taxes was first impossible and then turned into a "we have to send get somebody into an archive to make a copy of the microfilm; this may take a few weeks". This was this century. This decade even. No joke. A major German bank is storing customer records on microfilm. Incompetent banks like this deserve to go bankrupt. They are sitting ducks for any kind of competition willing to simply show up. We took our business elsewhere after that incident. I will never do business again with that bank. The real problem is that zombie banks like this have no in-house competence left to do anything productive when it comes to R&D. They are running on automatic pilot run by incompetent idiots. They outsourced all their core competence to consultants that happily come in and pile on more crap as long as they get payed enough. Mostly they evolve simply by copying what other banks do via expensive consultancy projects. They tend to not have CTOs or anything resembling a technical strategy. Kind of odd if you realize that modern banking is essentially a software driven industry. In related news, Bombardier is deploying a battery powered train in Berlin: https://montrealgazette.com/business/local-business/bombardi... Most of the rail system in Germany is electrified anyway. With batteries to power the non electrified bits, why bother with hydrogen? Covered here just a few weeks ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17850960 This article is similarly alarmist with some stupid click bait title suggesting that you are too stupid to read the documentation that comes with VS Code which points all of this out but somehow smart enough to read the genius bit of journalism that uncovered this terrible truth. Just checkout what vscodium actually modifies. There are a few small diffs to disable telemetry and take out branding and a few other things. But this is hardly some secret plot by MS to do something evil. It's a nice product provided to you by free by MS that is almost entirely open source. Yes it has a bit of branding and a bit of telemetry, which is presumably there to help them improve the product. If the handful of stuff in there that isn't OSS bothers you for whatever reason, you can indeed build from source and take these things out like vscodium seems to be doing. You'd be well in your rights to do that. And it's very relevant for e.g. linux distributions like Debian or OSS purists. The article I linked uses the same statistic. Basically this train is intended for local trains on such tracks. I imagine that with some power just at the stations, it could recharge there as well. 100km with the updated batteries they are planning apparently. I imagine, you could stuff quite a bit more battery in a train at the cost of passenger space. Harsh but fair. I've been doing java for about 25 years and consider myself an expert in that language. I know absolutely nobody that does desktop applications in Java these days (swing or javafx) at this point and that has been true for well over a decade. I get approached by recruiters for lots of shit I would never do but Java desktop aint one of those things. The last time I did anything swing related must have been 15 years ago and it was a questionable choice then already. The only popular swing applications I know of are developer tools like intellij. I've never encountered anything javafx in the wild. It's called confirmation bias. They are looking for positive evidence confirming how awesome they are and are blind to evidence of the contrary. Not only are they blind but they seem genuinely confused why people are disagreeing with them so much. From the outside this is an obvious PR disaster. It shouldn't need debating. It's that bad. I imagine the internal mailing lists are going to be a fun read the next few days. I was on similar mailing lists in Nokia when the iphone launched. I'll spare you the details but Nokia suffered from a similarly bad case of confirmation bias and it was decision making based on that in the years before and after that ultimately led to them getting out of the phone business entirely a mere 7 years after being the dominant market leader (and not by any small margin). Confirmation bias kills companies. Anyone from Google/alphabet still capable of making a difference reading this, here's some free advice: sort out your management ASAP. This is one of those issues that stems from a lack of leadership. Heads need to roll, especially the ones doing too much nodding. I'd start at the top. I've had my doubts about the current CEO for a while. Too invisible and stuff like this keeps happening on his watch. Also the product portfolio seems a mess lately. There's something wrong there and current leadership is part of the problem. If you are getting money for not working because you automated your job away, good for you. But you should be aware that your company will likely not survive very long because it is being mismanaged. Chances are that it has smarter competitors already. Usually it is just a matter of time before the shit hits the fan. So, you might want to consider using your time preparing for that eventuality. E.g. spend some time learning new stuff or jump ship to a better company. Thanks, I've only been using macs for ten years or so and never knew :-). Discoverability of features is a thing. Having something that is hard to discover is almost the same as not having the feature at all. Sounds like a good idea. Most users have so far very little control over android dns and using TLS sounds like a good idea in any case. Makes you wonder why this is not more widespread given that there are a lot of nasty attacks that involve dns hacks. Agreed. Long term this should work similar to autopilots in planes. They make a loud noise when disengaged so it is very clear when it stops working for whatever reason. Some modern planes actually take control and engage the autopilot when things get out of hand to recover from dangerous situations. It seems to me that a self driving car is preferable to having a driver that is asleep, zoned out or dangerously distracted by whatever is happening on their phone or in the care. Many accidents have that as the root cause. And that's not counting people's own charging points at home. Most people will rarely need a public one as they can probably do several of their daily commutes on a single charge. I'm guessing economies of scale will finish the job somewhere over the next decade already. If you operating any kind of vehicles commercially, eliminating fuel cost should be high on your agenda. Whether it is taxi's, buses, police vehicles, delivery vehicles, etc. For that kind of market what matters is the total cost of ownership. This is why many taxis were early adopters of hybrids. As soon as they become affordable enough, they'll be going full electric. Currently battery cost and production volumes are the main limitation. As that improves, the market will gobble up whatever is being produced. This just puts the pressure on a bit more. 2030 is not even that ambitious. I think the number of containers rather than the number of machines should be the leading factor. IMHO it makes sense for most setups that have multiple micro-services that need to interact with each other. A single node cluster running a single container is kind of pointless; I agree. And you are not going to run much more than that on a micro instance. So, I agree with the main point of the article that this probably is not an appropriate setup for any kind of home setup unless of course you really want to have kubernetes (which would be a valid reason for attempting this). If you run multiple microservices you have most of the problems that kubernetes solves out of the box and attempting to solve those by manually gobbling together bits of infrastructure outweighs the financial overhead of running kubernetes. So any moderately small setup where you are in any case going to have 2 or 3 machines running multiple containers, you probably should be looking at kubernetes. So, if you are in Google or amazon, hosted kubernetes is definitely worth considering. You probably want a loadbalancer as well. So, at that point you are looking at ~50-100+$ per month anyway for a couple of instances, a LB and whatever else you need (e.g. RDS, S3, etc). For anything running commercially, that's entirely defensible. Yes you can run cheaper on bare metal but people tend to forget all the hours doing devops stuff are also cost you. A day of a competent dev will easily run you kubernetes for quite some time. Unless your devs are super bored, make them spend their hours on more valuable stuff than reinventing wheels. Given how hard these things are getting to repair and how long it takes, I think you could argue that Apple should just offer to replace faulty devices with new ones. Having a pro device out of action for more than a week is just not acceptable. If it breaks, I want to have the replacement up and running ASAP. If Apple can then repair and refurbish the original at their own leisurely pace, fine. That will also put the pressure on cutting down on repair times and cost for Apple. They seem incentivized to milk their expensive care package a bit too much currently. Anyway, my 2017 MBP keyboard is starting to become faulty. I've been dreading having to turn it in because I actually need this thing up and running. I'm actually considering permanently switching to a linux machine and then getting it repaired. After it comes back, I'll probably sell it. The man deserves credit of course for helping create the first browsers and promoting the early web and his work for W3C. However, Tim's track record is not great when it comes to backing new versions of the web. E.g. Semantic Web never happened and arguably this is his latest attempt at flogging that dead horse. So, my prediction is that this won't get very far. It seems the website is a bit hand-wavy on the actual substance or vision and from what I'm seeing there's not actually a lot there. This looks like a research prototype to me. I like the idea of decentralized as much as the next geek. However, there's a tendency of complex decentralized stuff being something that normal people don't really grasp or see the value of. Also, a lot of this value is not very tangible or even real. Most p2p systems have a hard time competing against a well run centralized system. A lot of these decentralized Facebook/Twitter alternatives are being populated by people that, well, aren't that social. If you are like that, the empty room problem (you have no friends until world + dog joins) is not a big problem. You might even consider that a feature and not a bug. However, solving the empty room problem really is the key problem for social networks. How do you get all the social media whores, self pro-claimed influencers, etc. from endorsing your super duper decentralized platform and wanting to be there? Mostly that never happens. The problem with SQL is that most products that implement it have subtle (and not so subtle) differences with custom functions, types, syntax for all sorts of things, etc. Sqlite is actually rather limited and lacks a lot of stuff you'd find in e.g. postgres or mysql, both of which tend to implement the same things very differently. That's of course aside from things like joins, sub selects, etc. ANSI SQL only gets you so far. I'd argue decoupling how you distribute data from how you store data, and how you are going to query it is probably a good thing. CSV is indeed not a great format because it lacks structure and types (everything is a string). Flattening complex data in csv format can get ugly quickly. I recently had to deal with some proprietary object database dumped out as csv. I had some great fun trying to reverse engineer their schema from the raw data. XML has the same problem unless you dream up some schema that explicitly states the type. Json has some basic types for strings, booleans, and numbers. This makes it a bit more useful than XML out of the box. Both xml xml and json objects represent trees of information and SQL databases represent tables of rows. Of course some databases can store json (or xml even) and allow you to do some queries over that. E.g. Elasticsearch does a decent job of guessing schemas for json documents. It will figure out things like dates, geojson, numbers, strings, etc. So, distributing data as sqlite files is not necessarily a horrible idea but it doesn't really solve the problem of how to move data between different data tools. What's lacking is a standard way to to distribute strongly typed tabular data. Most databases can import/export csv and native inserts for their flavor of sql but not much else. Most (open) data get shipped using some custom schema on top of xml, csv, json or whatever else seemed fashionable at the time. There have been plenty of attempts over the years. But even if you have the exact same feature set, looks, ux, etc., you still have an empty room. You need an incentive for people to actually switch. That's what's missing. Decentralized is an implementation detail for most users that they don't really understand or appreciate. I do believe there is an opportunity for something new to displace facebook. FB is not a healthy network at this point. It's shrinking and users are disengaging or even afraid to use it. Obike failed because of bad execution. Bikes were malfucntioning, hard to find, and they upset the locals. A few of their competitors seem to be doing better. I've tried out a few in Berlin before settling on Mobike. Obike has all but disappeared here. But Mobike seems to be pretty popular and is very similar conceptually. Part of the attraction is flat fee subscriptions. You can either pay like a euro for half an hour, or just get a flat fee subscription and grab a bike whenever you need one. I'm currently on a 20 euro for 3 months plan with mobike; which is really good value. I grab one a few times per week. Multiple times on some days. I'm saving a ton of money on public transport. And I get a bit of good exercise (these bikes are hard work). Financially, this makes a lot of sense. They are getting reliable revenue from me and probably a couple of thousand users plus some less frequent revenue from maybe 10-20k users. To keep the money flowing, all they need to do is make sure that they have enough bikes distributed around the city. These bikes are not that expensive. Probably they cost around 100-150 each. Maybe less. Very sturdy, not a lot of parts that can break, etc. So, Mobike did the obvious thing: flood the city with bikes. From what I understand they have at least around 5000 bikes on the streets here and are planning to deploy even more. Whatever it is, the end result is that I can find a mobike whenever I need one with relatively little effort. At 100 euro per bike, we are talking half a million of investment for 5k bikes. With thousands or tens of thousands of users, this becomes meaningful revenue pretty quickly. In my case, if I keep on paying their flatfee, I'll end up paying around 80 per year. Only a few thousand people like me means they earn back their investment in a year. I imagine there's other cost as well but probably the per bike expenses are pretty modest. Ballpark, they should be making money. From what I can see most of their competitors are trying to compete with far less bikes and failing. The trick is having enough bikes on the street to keep users hooked and doing that in as many big cities as possible. That's more or less what Mobike and their VC funded competitors are doing. Well, kind of looking forward to getting back to using languages like Java, Kotlin, C#, Swift, ObjectiveC and other languages people have been using to make UIs for quite some time in a browser. It will take some time for proper frameworks to emerge. But things are moving fast. Driving the DOM via react and other js frameworks from these languages is kind of possible. But it's probably just a stepping stone for getting something a bit more appropriate to these languages. I have high hopes for Kotlin here. With Kotlin native they are targeting native IOS and native Android. Being able drive browsers from the same code-base via WASM seems like it will be a useful feature. Also, they seem to be really serious about tool support with Kotlin; providing dom/webgl and other bindings, and having decent end to end support with IDEs and other tools. I imagine, Microsoft might have similar plans for C#. And it wouldn't surprise me if Apple was working on some Swift WASM support either. It's a simple binary format similar to e.g. protocol buffers. You write an idl and then generate code for different languages. The reason they went for this is that is compact. This kind of matters because this stuff is actually stored in stellar in large quantities. It's a pretty old ietf standard actually. I recently had a discussion on this on their slack channel making the point that the choice for this was a bit unfortunate given that this is a relatively obscure format with not a lot of developer ecosystem around it. Because of this, the stellar guys are actually maintaining their own code generation tool for this because there's nothing else out there apparently. It's called xdrgen. It generates code for a few languages. If you want to understand xdr, that's a good place to start. You can find the idl in stellar core. I actually have an open bug for the java code generation with them, it generates broken code currently. I recently started moving our token from Ethereum to stellar for the simple reason that I came to the conclusion that Ethereum is too far from being production ready to be of use in an application that has actual users that generate any kind of sizable amount of transactions. Ethereum is cute until you have use cases and uses that require it to actually process transactions. The Ethereum ecosystem is a big mess right now. All the proper solutions for this are years out from being production ready and widely used. I'm talking about sharding, proof of stake, etc. It's going to take several hard ethereum forks to get there. I think Vitalik is thinking 2020/2021 type time frames currently for this. I would not be surprised if that shifts some more. This stuff is hard. Until then, smart contracts on ethereum are only useful for very limited volumes of transaction that, so far, have been mostly about ICOs for shit coins. Essentially all of the transaction volume on Ethereum is trading in these coins. So, unless you are doing an ICO to raise funding, Ethereum has no practical value whatsoever. And given the scams happening there, it is not a great place for that either. Some people use side chains to work around this, i.e. a centrally run private blockchain. There are several proof of stake based platforms with smart contracts in the works (e.g. hashgraph, IOTA). Mostly that stuff is really immature (or not ready at all) and lacking the broad user base that bitcoin and ethereum have. Bitcoin is nice but useless for custom tokens. There are not a lot of options here that are usable now, scalable, and reasonably widely used (critical if you are going to lock up millions $ in value in it). Stellar may not be perfect but it works right now and it scales and it is reasonably widely used. They have built a few things into stellar that largely remove the need for centralized things like exchanges or convoluted smart contracts that need auditing. This is why it is gaining a lot of traction lately. Specifically: - any stellar account can issue tokens - any stellar account that trusts (this is stored in stellar) those tokens can receive those tokens - any account can create offers to buy/sell any tokens (that they trust) on stellar - when offers are matched by a counter offers, the trade happens. There are no websites where you need to go to get your token listed, no middlemen to bribe/deal with, no transaction fees (beyond the 1/10^5th of an XLM), no smart contracts to write. This stuff works out of the box. You can be up and running in minutes if you know what you need to do. If you want to issue a token on stellar the process is as follows: - create an issuing account with a minimal XLM balance - create distribution account - make your distribution account trust your FOO coin issued by the issuing account - pay some FOO from the issuing account to the distribution account. This creates the token. Paying it back to the issuing account destroys it. - write a stellar.toml file with some meta data and put it on your domain foo.com in the .well-known directory. This tells your users and exchanges what your coin is, who issued it, etc. - set foo.com as the home domain on the issuing account - fiddle with the issuing account options to further control things (multi sig, preventing more tokens from being issued, etc.) Done. They have lots of other stuff built in that is highly useful like federated accounts, a compliance protocol for people to pre-clear transactions, etc. If you start reading the documentation, it becomes very clear that this was developed by people who deeply understand the needs of those that develop complex financial products. To trade tokens, you simply create offers and counter offers on stellar. This works right away. The recently launched Stellarx.com is just a pretty UI around the built in functionality. To get listed on stellarx, you need some positive evidence of trading happening with your token. I think this currently means evidence of a (small) trading volume and a minimum number of accounts that hold your token. Other than that there are no bribes, listing fees, etc. I imagine that over time the requirements for this will change and there will be competing websites getting involved as well. People making the point that stellar is a centralized system are of course somewhat right. However, it is a system that can be used right now and you can easily scale it to meaningful numbers of transactions. The shared database of transactions that stellar produces can be validated by anyone and if you run a full node, that's exactly what it does. So, it's not as black and white as this being 'controlled' by a single entity. In practice the companies that are active on stellar end up running their own nodes and validators. Many people do. I haven't got much experience with EOS. My feeling is that they are a bit newer to the scene than stellar in terms of adoption/traction. They only launched this summer and stellar has been gaining traction since late last year so they are a bit ahead on that front. Regardless of what you pick, you are taking a leap of faith in long term viability/stability of what you pick. We went for stellar because we saw some traction there, kind of liked the notion of being in an ecosystem with a bit more serious players, and we liked what it did functionally. they wanted something standard and I guess did not realize that the IETF standard for XDR is not that widely used. I agree it would have been nicer if they went for something like thrift instead. However, it's done and I don't think they can fix this without breaking compatibility. I do wonder why XDR sort of failed to get used and why people went ahead and created protocol bufs and thrift as alternatives. I tend to look at developer traction: people converting money into code as a good signal that smart people are deciding to give it a shot. Logically, since it has been only about 3 months since they launched, there cannot be a lot happening yet in terms of companies launching products based on EOS, running EOS related infrastructure, etc. I did not look at Stellar for the first half of this year for the same reason. That changed when I started hearing about people using stellar or switching to it from Ethereum around the same time I started having serious doubts about being able to run our product on top of Ethereum any time soon. I wanted to understand why stellar was suddenly a thing and found that there was a pretty mature ecosystem of companies and developers using it already. I'm not getting that kind of vibe with EOS yet. In any case, a lot of blockchain related trading is speculative and most of that is not based on technical merit but the investors irrational perception on the chance of exchange rates going up or down. Speculators make lousy CTOs, so I tend to ignore them for technical decision making. So, EOS doing brisk trading beause ETH holders are panicking and acting like lemmings, or because Vitalik farted in a particularly interesting way, or whatever madness of the day drives the market does not constitute meaningful developer traction in my view. It just means EOS core development is likely well funded for the next few years. Good for them. We (we is inbot.io if you are interested) are not doing an ICO, which is what well over 95$ of the Ethereum tokens are. Most of those are little more than a whitepaper and a pretty website. Most of those will never translate into anything tangible with actual economic value. Ethereum is great for that and not much else. It's a funding vehicle and most of the real liquidity at this point comes from equity investors taking chunks of your shares in exchange for token purchases. This changed over the last year. Most early ICO investors got ripped off. People are a lot more careful now and want something more tangible than a token that will depreciate 99% on the first day. ICOs as a crowdfunding type vehicle are completely dead at this point. We're actually building a business based on our customers paying us cash for services we deliver to them. Not even future tense; we have been doing that for some time and we have actual paying customers. We want to pay our users to help us deliver value to our customers using our utility token. So, they earn tokens for stuff they do. They can then trade on stellar. A pump and dump would alienate both our customers and user base. This makes it easy for us to let our international customer base and international user base help each other without getting bogged down in admin work, invoices, payroll, etc. You'd be surprised how hard this stuff is to do in the traditional financial ecosystem (we tried). The volume at which we do these things requires a side chain in any case: it's not technically feasible to run this on a platform that has global throughput of only 4-5 transactions per second (on a good day), high and variable transaction cost, and high degrees of uncertainty around transactions actually clearing in a few minutes (or worse). IMHO Ethereum is years away from being of practical use for anything other than acting as an investment vehicle for speculators. It only makes sense for very low volume and relatively high value transactions. We picked stellar as our side chain and then concluded we don't need another chain on top of it. It does what we need it to do and we get trading for free through stellarx. Transactions are close enough to free that we don't care about the cost. I'll look at Ethereum again after miners go away, proof of stake has happened, and Sharding is the norm. The problem is that newspapers are leaving money on the table. I'd sign up for a Netflix style subscription service that offers me access to a broad range of media. I have a Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Spotify subscriptions as I'm sure many here do. That's good value for money. Netflix is making way more than I ever spent on dvds & cinema visits combined. Same for Spotify. As it is, all I have is paywalled niche news sites each thinking they can charge similar fees for very limited access to just they tiny corner of the market. I'm not going to pay per article. I haven't bought a news paper in years. I get all my news through ad sponsored crappy websites. Because they are so offensively bad, I have adblocking, tracking prevention, and other extensions trying to limit my exposure. Works great for me So, that's money not spent by me or millions of other users that news papers are neglecting to make. Bruce Schneier's point is that this stuff needs to stop being optional and there needs to be accountability and liability. There currently is none. This is not true for other domains. If your car crashes because of some systematic defect that might result in expensive recalls and liability suits where the manufacturer might end up having to pay damages. Electrical engineers have a legal responsibility and certification is not optional for them. If it is optional and just a nice to have feature for which you charge extra, there will be companies not bothering. And there will be companies offering cheaper certificates and confusing customers with important looking but utterly meaningless certificates. Our industry is already full of snake oil sellers offering meaningless certificates and guarantees. This type of ass coverage only works when there's a legal stick that makes companies make sure they qualify for the right certificates. Currently companies get away with really bad stuff. There's no liability. This needs to change. Liability leads automatically to people covering their ass to avoid ending up paying damages or ending up having to do expensive product recalls. E.g. router manufacturers stop shipping updates as soon as they can get away with it; typically when they have a new model they want to sell. If the old one gets hacked their solution is selling you a new one. Not their problem. That's what needs to change. If it has a network connection, it has to be able to receive updates and those updates need to be for the lifetime of the product, not the warranty or the calendar year. Failing to ship critical updates for known vulnerabilities needs to have consequences. Google currently believes it is totally acceptable to stop shipping security updates for their phones after 3 years. Not their problem if you get hacked apparently. They don't care. The only responsible alternative (from a security point of view) for them to do would be to effectively brick phones when they stop supporting them so that users are not able to get into trouble. That would obviously be unacceptable but somehow leaving your users exposed to known security vulnerabilities is perfectly OK, perfectly legal, and completely without consequences when the obvious things happen. When bad stuff happens, there needs to be positive proof from all parties involved that they did their legally required best to prevent things. If it's a zero day bug, fine, you had no way of knowing. Shit happens. But if it then goes unpatched for 6 months because you can't be bothered to do anything about it, that's different matter. If it is a bug that was reported and fixed years ago and you product gets hacked because you couldn't be bothered to update your products that needs to have consequences. Not a pilot but familiar with the aviation world and procedures. Obviously the plane had issues getting off the ground. Probably because it was too heavy. Typically, pilots calculate a speed beyond which they can no longer safely abort the takeoff. Beyond that speed, the plane is basically going to fly or shoot off the runway and crash. That point is decided based on weight, wind, runway length, etc. It's entirely possible mistakes were made with that or with loading the plane. Maybe there was some wind shear as well, which could explain a sudden drop or unexpected challenges getting off the ground. Usually the co-pilot's job is to call these speeds out and if either of them calls to abort, there is supposed to be no discussion or debate on this and pilots are trained to act right away because every second counts. Obviously that did not happen So, the pilots were not aware of issues before the abort speed (or they should have aborted) and committed to getting off the ground. I'm sure the in cockpit recordings will be part of the investigation. They sort of succeeded in the sense that they hit some objects but ultimately did not crash and got off the ground. Their climb rate must have been terrible. Usually the gear comes up as soon as you have a positive rate of climb (reduces drag). I imagine they called gear up seconds after leaving the ground before they hit anything even and the gear was likely transitioning. Wind shear could have caused enough change in airspeed to cause the plane to not climb or even descend a bit. A heavy plane would have used up most of the runway in any case. They then proceeded with what looks like normal procedure to get to altitude. Presumably they would have almost climbed out and changed frequencies from tower to local traffic controllers after 20-30 seconds or so. Recordings of that are going to be interesting. Presumably the damage to the ILS equipment would not have been noticed right away on the ground and people would have needed some time to figure out what the hell happened and what caused it and what plane hit it. Likewise the damage to the wall would not have been reported right away. By then the plane would have transitioned out of their area. The question is whether the pilots noticed that they hit any objects and what the communication was with these controllers on this. The plane would have been pitched up (restricts visibility to the ground in front of you) and the damage occurred pretty far behind the pilots. So they may not have seen the obstacles immediately in front of them or heard/felt hitting them. These planes are big and heavy and there's lots of noise and vibrations when a plane takes off. The damage looks dramatic but you wouldn't be able to see it until after the landing. Obviously the plane was flying and climbing and cruising normally. And they also landed safely. So flight operations seem to not have been directly affected. So, I can see them concluding that they had a stressful takeoff but had gotten in the air successfully. Then some time later they got the news that they hit some obstacles and that there is probably damage to the plane. The big question is why that took 3 hours. I imagine it involved a lot of communication on the ground.