We use SVN exclusively for our projects at NeoSmart Technologies (private and public); and a huge number of highly-popular open source communities are also built around SVN... Examples similar to Drupal: WordPress, Gallery2, etc. I use Consolas, and it's been my favorite until now. The thing is, Consolas is beautiful.. but not as functional as Liberation Mono. It's a very "plain" font, but for screenful after screenful of code, fancy isn't what I need. Liberation Mono isn't going to win any beauty awards, the MS typography team did a great job with their Vista fonts... But I think Liberation Mono is the ideal "productivity" font for hard-core coders. I can just imagine it: "And Hans Reiser was heard arguing with his wife - just like he'd practiced for years on the mailing lists of open source communities where overly-violent and highly-sensitive people are known to dwell and practice verbal abuse quite often." Funny.. I found Liberation to be huge. At size 10, it's about the same pixel-size as Consolas at size 12! More importantly, sounds like MS is not really to blame. I really recommend Atlassian's FishEye (similar to trac) and Crucible (peer code review, with a friendly forum-like twist) - both of which are tightly integrated - for anyone into some serious teamwork-based coding on SVN, CVS, Perforce, or several other version-managed development. Fisheye: http://www.atlassian.com/software/fisheye/ Crucible: http://www.atlassian.com/software/crucible/ Atlassian's great about open source, and give free licenses to any non-profit or FOSS projects. Entirely. I was shocked at the original BBC article, which touted the claims as "hard science" and made it all seem like we could be regrowing our limbs back in no time thanks to this amazing new "extra-cellular material" discovery. Is this article for real? It's 8 short paragraphs long, and a single sentence at the end indicates that nVidia has big plans without any details, facts, or techniques. The link to "more info" at EE Times is broken, and there is no indication of "shaking things up." The article is entirely subjective, and misses out on all the finer points of parallel programming.... Putting aside any possible biases, anyone interested in an easy to use LaTeX-like program should give Microsoft's Word 2007 a shot. The new equation editor and symbols functionality is quite powerful, and incredibly easy to use. I still maintain its easier to get your professor or colleagues to upgrade to Word 2007 than to convince them to learn LaTeX. It's brilliant. Everything from the limitations (real text files that can be indexed) to getting people to link their own stuff from other sites is very well thought-out. There's a double-incentive for users to get their stuff at the top of Digg, Reddit, etc. First is the MBA they win, and second is the fact that it's _their_ stuff that's getting popular - pure brilliance! And Scribd's slick licensing clause will make people submit their own, original content under an open source or CC license just for the chance of getting that MBA. The real problem with a 120-135 degree posture isn't the tendency to slide off, it's the tendency to slack off... and the difficulty of getting things accomplished from that posture. I don't think the study has factored in the use of a keyboard. It's not as easy to type when you're reclined backwards - it adds extra stress to the wrists and triceps (assuming your still typing on the desk). He's in his 30s; young but not exactly a "boy...." The "new crappy ones" are the ones that I'm referring to in the OP - I got myself a 50 dollar MS keyboard, and my mistake ratio went up like crazy as a result of un-even tactile feedback that resulted in letters appearing out of order far too often. Stay away from them :) Has anyone used a DiNovo Edge? I hear it has great tactile feedback, but haven't had the chance to try it out yet. Wow! I had to re-read the second point several times before I could get it through my head: "Compile-time type errors annoy students to no end. It's better to at least let their program run and do SOMETHING rather than fail to compile and do NOTHING." This is non-sense. It's encouraging bad coding practice, and it's the reason why languages like ColdFusion, JavaScript, etc. gave real developers so much trouble: amateurs write code that "runs" but is wholly broken. I agree that Python is a great beginner (and pro) language, but not for this reason!! PHP is going towards where other languages have already tread long ago. I highly recommend anyone considering writing a webapp in PHP think twice about alternative languages, Python in particular. Perl, Python, Ruby, and ASP.NET are all great webapp languages; but Perl is old, Ruby is heavy, and .NET is Microsoft - however PHP developers have no reason not switch to a real OOP language like Python and save themselves from a wheelbarrow-load of trouble. It wouldn't. But it would make good coding easier for a good developer though. Don't get me wrong - I'm writing a PHP webapp _right now_ on the other monitor... The only reason it's in PHP is because it's a for-redistribution script and everyone knows PHP is easy to deploy and popular. It has its strengths. They've obviously done something right to garner that huge userbase and support. But for a developer looking to write an internal webapp where only a couple of people get to look at the sort; I maintain that a good developer will be better off coding in one of the other languages that are, shall we just say, more "built" for the hard-core coding sort of thing. As previous news articles state, Facebook has some implementation of XMPP going on. XMPP was designed from the ground-up to deal with exactly the issues that he highlights, and is the ideal real-time implementation for any system where everyone is expected to be aware of the statuses of all others on the network (verses the traditional "poll the server every x seconds" methods). Even if Facebook isn't using XMPP per-say, they have full access to its implementations and source code for internal use for sure. Granted, Facebook _does_ have the "slight" challenge of having 70 million active users; in light of which near everyone else's IM/XMPP networks are a mere pittance; but the core framework and algorithms are wholly addressed and implemented in XMPP standard. It's one thing to make a more-efficient implementation of an already-existing standard that scales damn decently verses _designing_ a whole new system to serve their needs. Note that the article doesn't once mention XMPP though. I'm still looking for the rest of the article. For an Economist article, this one was pretty short and thin.... I don't see how it's difficult to see the "right" thing to do - it almost never is, really. "The right thing" (TM) is to treat the poor like you would any other social entity. You (as a businessman) can profit off of them, but not by taking advantage of their desperate situation. You make a fair offer, you get a fair return, and everyone lives happily ever after. Now if you choose to give them a more-than-fair offer (interest rates that just cover inflation, pretty much no profit involved) out of the goodness of your heart - kudos to you. Keep in mind the most important thing: the current sub-prime woes were all caused by banks taking advantage of people who couldn't afford to pay them back; "balancing-off" the high risk of investment with even higher interest rates - and look where that's put the global economy. There's a lesson in there - you can't make a quick buck, and ripping people off can never help society as a whole in the long run. This is a stupid PR stunt. Linux is great and all (using it now), but everything has its place. Just as it doesn't make sense to bundle 31 Cents ice cream with all Nike shoes, it doesn't make sense to stuff Linux down all motherboards. There's a time and a place for everything; and adding features we don't need to products is just going to drive their price up, increase their complexity (and vulnerability). Oh, and the penguin inside me is screaming "Score another one for the good guys!" But "grabbing" is a less-efficient solution. Just as moving the mouse around may be less efficient than typing on that keyboard; grabbing stuff to interact with them can be a waste of time. More intuitive != more productive; and the current problem (IMHO) with mobile devices is that they have such low efficiency rates that their productivity _despite_ the advantage of being always on and always with you still suffers (as a result of size, awkwardness, and time-consuming adaptations we need to use). I felt strongly enough about this to post a reply as an article: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/asus-linux-whether-you-need-it... Bottom-line: You're going to be loading your full OS when you come to work in the morning anyway.... How often are you going to need your Skype and you're PC isn't already on, running your full OS? Thanks for sharing your experience in this field. But (and forgive me if I'm mistaken) your application was a special exception where the option of using the touchscreen UI made more sense, just as the Nintendo DS has a usability edge with its touchscreen. But for the more-general "productivity" applications - from email clients to word processors to graphics design software (where the "word bias" isn't an issue), I don't see touchscreens being the more efficient way to go. In my opinion, delight is great, but not when it comes at the expense of productivity. For games and leisure, productivity is a non-issue and - you're absolutely right - delight and simplicity should be the developer's number one focus. But for productivity tools, making things easier and quicker to get done is the most important thing. There's nothing more frustrating than banging out an email on a touch-screen keyboard; for productivity tools, increased productivity is the delight. It could be argued that the reason they touch is because they haven't learned to use other (more efficient) senses in-tandem with the unique human ability to deduce and comprehend. We can touch things to see what they do, or we can process what we see and hear to arrive at the same conclusion but with less physical effort and in less time. It struck me as quite clever (perhaps too clever, which seems to be a common thread in these recent Thinking Machines articles...). Just to put "recent" into perspective, this article is from 1981 :) Number 1 is already possible and its even advised by Google. However, you don't get email updates. I can't find the link that advises its use right now, but this link talks about hosting ga.js on your server: http://www.google.com/support/googleanalytics/bin/answer.py?... "The study was lent some credibility by the finding that the Russians were the most unhappy." ...and the Guardian's credibility was ripped to shreds when turns out that Russia did NOT score lowest on the UN Human Development Index report (as seen at http://hdr.undp.org/en/statistics/ ) Russia is number 67 out of 70 in the "highest development" section, and number 67 out of 177 total. Sorry, Guardian. It seems that phones also transmit a phone number along with the IMEI code; and a phone number certainly isn't anonymous. Discussion is in the comments here: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/mapping-computer-techniques-to... They're in the ocean. Typically, that would involve eating fish and drinking water :) Then again, this is the 21st century. I cannot imagine the food they eat would differ too much from the food you're currently eating in Seattle/Chicago/SV/London/etc. In this day and age, whether or not something is available is no longer really a question. The only thing that is relevant becomes how much it costs to get it. In this case, the cost of shipping perishable goods to these "islands" on a daily/weekly basis. Even if fish were sufficient, I don't think any of the inhabitants would appreciate eating fish and fish alone day in, day out. Non-perishable goods like crackers, chips, Pepsi, coffee, sugar, flour, etc. can be shipped in large quantities and cheaply (via barges). But stuff like eggs, milk, fresh meat, and other goods that can be held in storage for long periods of time without adversely affecting the quality and nutrition of their constituents need some other solution. At any rate, they'll have an easier time at getting something to eat than the inhabitants of the International Space Station for sure :) How many programmers own a half share in their own business at 25? How about the whole thing at 19? I think this is directly applicable to the current situation at Microsoft. The number of contributors to the Windows codebase has risen dramatically over the last couple of years, while some other teams have remained at a fixed size (such as the XBox team and the Office team). It could be a (highly-unlikely) coincidence, but the end-user satisfaction with both the latter products is far greater than for Windows Vista. Obviously a correlation does not imply causation, but it's certainly food for thought (even if slightly rehashed/redundant). From M-W: deleterious: harmful often in a subtle or unexpected way Just in case I wasn't the only one ;-) I know it's his name, but the OCD within makes me want to sed 's/Ive/I\'ve/g' Pay close attention to the bit about being generated on a WAMP system. This is clearly an issue with PHP using a faulty random-number generator on the Windows platform, and not a general fault that necessarily exists in all programming languages' random number generators. (Just for the record: Windows has a number of random number generator functions in its cryptographic libraries, some of which are on-par with those that ship with *nix. It's just that PHP on Windows isn't using them the right way) Microsoft Research has some brilliant developers that make some real-nifty stuff (despite what you may think about the rest of the company). For instance, a while back they had a tool that could be used to connect a single wi-fi card to multiple wi-fi networks simultaneously, reviewed here: http://neosmart.net/blog/2006/multiple-wireless-networks-wit... 3. Scribd EDIT See the comments at http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=195067 for more on the Scribd issue. Agreed. Excellent points here, especially the bits about the rationale behind patching major packages when maintainers should be taking the extra time to submit patches upstream instead. Another vote for the IronPython + Mono/.NET. An added advantage is far faster runtimes thanks to bytecode-compilation (vs the default interpreted-code nature of Python in most circumstances). You can write your code in Visual Studio on Windows or MonoDevelop on Linux. On Windows, it'll use the native Win32 controls, on Linux Mono will "draw" controls that look like the native ones without actually calling the native binaries - it allows for a huge compatibility boost and still manages to look 99% native (technically it's drawing the exact same native controls, but the drawings aren't perfect). Or Stetic. It's not easy. As the founder of a 4-year-old non-profit tech company, I can tell you that it's not easy and your best bet is to make it your number 1 short-term goal to become self-sustaining. By borrowing money, asking the right people, getting donations, etc. you can get off the ground and get started. Form there, focus on finding steady income source (ads are a good way) even if it's not a lot of money. Finally, don't underestimate end-users willingness to donate. Paypal buttons don't work because everyone assumes everyone else has donated money. We started using "donation trackers" by ChipIn (chipin.com) and they've been quite effective. Make sure you set a "goal" because people love to feel they're helping you work towards a particular amount. (For instance, we always get our most donations at the beginning and end of each month, when people send the donations percentage to 5% and to 100%). Best money-saving tip: find a webhost to donate a dedicated server; it's the most important way to save money and keep afloat. One of the comments to the article references the Dreyfus learning model (described at http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/000203.html ) which should - somewhat - allay those fears :) I see a lot of RPC-bashing going on here... I actually use it (typically via higher-level wrappers in Java or C#), and it's OK.... but what do you guys recommend as an alternative? I can vouch that BZR has one of the best plain-text diff tools - whether or not it's number 1 without numbers to back the claim is a different matter though. However, what I really want to see is BZR and GIT catching up to SVN when it comes to binary diffs - SVN remains the most efficient at finding and commiting changes to binary data between revisions. It may not seem so important, but if you're ever in a backwards country on business and need to upload to a repository via dial-up..... and of course, the smaller the binary diffs the more space saved on the server and bandwidth charges. Yeah, because Linus is really impartial on the matter ;-) Mostly binary dependencies. Some are executable files (for instance, GRUB Stages 1 & 2), some are DLLs, and some are redistributables. Reason they're under SCM is because we maintain some of them; with varying degrees of changes. Some have their own repositories, naturally, but others involve minor changes and/or just simply take too long to build. And for some of the redistributables: we don't have the source code for them in the first place. I don't get why most everyone on HN assumes all hackers are I know plenty of middle-aged experts in the computer industries with wives and kids who love it out "in the country" and wouldn't trade it for anything else. While there's a lot to be said for the bling and bang of living in somewhere like NYC, Seattle, SF, Chicago (my hometown! :D), or the valley; there's a whole 'nother side to the coin that involves a quite family life away from the city and the people. We have both public and private accounts with assembla - they're great. We used to use their entire package (bug reporting, trac, etc.) but now we're only using them for SVN and use locally-deployed software to manage the rest of the toolchain (mostly Atlassian software such as Jira, Confluence, Crucible, and Fisheye) OK, so reading this article is enough to thoroughly convince one to rethink the usage of Singletons. But what other design patterns would you guys recommend? Most of the common design patterns are some form of Singleton implementation or the other and suffer many of the same drawbacks Steve points out in the article - what are the alternatives? (I've been making do with custom interactor classes that perform object sharing by using linked-list of class instances with a custom "mapper" and though it works great it's really hard to explain to anyone). Also - any books you guys would recommend as an alternative to Design Patterns? When you write your own MVC you'll come right back to the original patterns question. MVC is just the thing programmers interact with so they don't have to deal with inter-class interactions directly. But the MVC framework itself needs to manage those interactions somehow, using one pattern or the other. Looking back at my post I see my mistake. I understand OOP programming and class interactions very well, and as I mentioned have my own "pattern" that I'm using to great satisfaction; built, like you say, from the ground-up to serve that particular purpose. Getting there wasn't easy and certainly not reproducible - it was a mess. So, my problem is that my solution is specific to my case and it's terribly complicated to explain to someone asking for advice on design patterns. So my question isn't actually how to write a good controller but what resources to recommend for intermediate-level coders asking for advice on the matter. ...but that essay basically says micropayments are dead and will never stand a chance? What if pigs could fly? EDIT To clarify, it's ridiculous to just make a conjecture like this and build a case around it. The same thing could be done for anything else, not just gas and the current state of the economy. If the foundation of the article is this wild, then any of its conclusions are just as off-base and pointless. Well, I wish you luck :) You're partially right. I'm a Windows programmer, and that's probably why I switched to Linux with the Vista release. I still program for Windows, but from the safety and comfort of a virtual machine. What you say about spyware and trojans and viruses simply isn't true - it's really easy to keep a Windows machine clean: NOD32 + Windows Defender is more than enough. However, the reason for "which hasn't been an enjoyable experience" can be found in the lack of stability and performance that we're seeing on the Windows platform. A decade's worth of Win32 gunk has caught up with Vista, and it's made coding Windows applications a serious PITA. It seems that somewhere between Windows XP and Windows Vista the proverbial "last straw" was added, and it's made coding for Windows Vista such a dreadful nightmare. It's not fun; & more to the point, it's exasperating. Using a framework like .NET helps like crazy (.NET:Beautiful::Win32:Ugly) but the performance and reliability issues still persist no matter what you build your applications on. Take for instance my current Vista install. Out of the blue it won't resolve DNS addresses - for no reason. Basically, the mess of code that is the TCP/IP stack - just like the other stacks in need of a from-scratch implementation on Windows - has gotten corrupted somewhere along the way to the point that reinstalling networking drivers, clearing ARP routes, etc. just won't fix. Too much gunk === impossibly difficult to keep stable/reliable for any period of time. Thomas Edison or Benjamin Franklin. Such brilliant minds with some many little anecdotes us hackers can relate to. Add WYSE to the list - some really intriguing problems there. Depending on how much you're sending out and to how many people; Google Apps is a good choice. Looks like the dupe-detector is broken? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=203122 links to the same URI..... I'm not sure what you mean by "quite manual?" You just need to set up the Google Apps service manually; everything else (including creating accounts, new addresses, sending emails, creating email aliases, etc.) is fully "automatable" via their API; with wrappers available in Python, PHP, C++, Java, Ruby, Perl, and more.... Writing parallel-processing applications isn't easy. I run a non-profit tech R&D organization; and we have internships where under-grad students can try their hand at coding in "a corporate environment" with joint development, toolchains, and the whole shebang. We gauge the students by how much they accomplish in how much/little time and how elegant their solution is. And at towards the end of the internship, we invariably ask the best students to add some form of multi-threading or parallel-processing to the application they're working on (in C++, C#, or Java mostly) and even our best students have trouble with getting proper parallel-processing code working (and these guys had done brilliantly elsewhere). I personally learned it the hard way, scouring the 'net for all the different methods until I built my own "templates" that work great for me. If you don't mind being restricted to mostly-Microsoft platforms, C# is the race horse you'll want to place your best on. It's multi-threading support is great (the best I've seen so far w/ regards to the balance between control & simplicity). The way its delegates (callbacks), thread pool, and invokes work is quite impressive & powerful. And, of course, C# can use any C++ library you throw at it w/ P/Invoke & a lot of marshalling. Not every Web service is expected to grow into a real company, and be sold off or enter the public markets through IPO. Many of these are hobbies. Others should be seen with the same light as shareware, in that most content is for free, and if they make a few bucks, that's just fine. Sometimes, a Web service will launch and help a developer pad the resume, or use it as a springboard to the next job. And whether it's one person behind a product or a hundred, there's no value in prematurely suggesting they wave the white flag. A lot of people seem to have forgotten that in the light of all the money pouring into the current startup waves. I began my "startup" as a hobby, and now as a way to help others out - I'm perfectly content to run it part-time and seek money elsewhere if that's the way it has to be. It's not "dead," it's just different. ...but wasn't the whole point of Google buying YouTube in the first place? I thought we all knew that? Type-3 iNTj (44-50-50-22) I used to be an INTP (i think) in high school, but since then I've become a highly social, highly popular but really-geeky geek; which gave me the above score. PostIt notes. They're hard to manage but they give me so much creative freedom!! http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/postit-notes/ Congratulations. You are not the target of that kind of fear-mongering. IMHO, the majority of the people intelligent enough to be on HN aren't either. Books like 1984 and 'State of Fear' are intended for consumption by The Proles (to use the term from 1984 itself). They're intended to raise awareness for what's going on to those that willing trade liberty for a (false) sense of security. I think our bearing the presence of these books is well worth others waking up and smelling the coffee for the first time. Better yet, ban the idiots up-voting such stories; because they clearly don't belong on HN. I really like/appreciate/admire the Yahoo! Developer Network for what they're putting out. I don't have much use for most of Yahoo!'s other services (Flickr excluded); but most everything to come out of their Developer Network is pretty damn nifty. The YUI JS libraries are pretty brilliant (esp. the WYSIWYG editor) and this "design stencil" is just inspired - it's the kind of initiative webapps in general need to make them even more viable alternatives to desktop applications. (As a desktop developer myself, I say that with a huge twinge of sadness; but it's true nevertheless). If Yahoo! were to be gobbled-up, Flickr and the Yahoo! Developer Network would be the only things I'd pray aren't canceled. For me too - and, of course, 1984 was just brilliant. I personally enjoy reading this type of stuff; my only point above was just that if anyone's about to complain that this "fear mongering" is getting old they should think twice about the alternative. Alas, it seems people are of the opinion that I should be downmodded for expressing such a thought. But don't we have a moral imperative to share our knowledge? Why is it a law that children must attend school if not to underscore the value of spreading knowledge that we've acquired. The instinct to teach (not to convert, but just to teach) is human. We can't force them to adopt our ways; but shouldn't we show them the alternatives and give them the choice of accepting it or not? I highly recommend LunarPages. Best thing is their low latency and modern systems. They're one of the few with a lot of clients yet almost universally positive reviews. I love how you assume we've "fixed" that problem :) More seriously though, I suffer from the same problem. My issue is that I can't clear my mind - so I'm lying in bed and actively thinking (verses "passively" letting my mind wander) about people, events, projects, etc. until I get bored and get back up. My only solution (more of a workaround) is to just do the same as LogicHole: stay awake for 36 hours - you'll force your body to go to sleep thereafter. Good to see the Twitter team reply to that disgusting Blaine-bashing that TechCrunch had engaged in: The folks at TechCrunch singled out a former employee of Twitter by name in their questions but Twitter is a team—we share responsibility for our victories as well as our mistakes. cURL can't grab the thumbnails - you need to run the HTML through a rendering engine to do that. He means someone set up a a JS library over HTTPS on a server for _others_ to use. Like you would grab a JS library off of Google's HTTPS servers and use that on your non-SSL pages. Everyone repeat after me: Coincidences happen. Correlation is not causation. Then again, I highly doubt the author of the post seriously believes it's anything other than a coincidence himself - but whatever brings the traffic. December 22nd, 2012 is the day the day the Aliens come and the whole world ends - I think the internet is the least of our worries. Hopefully Mulder has a plan. The interface on the Google service is identical as best as I can figure - does "Do no evil" include saying thank you to the authors of open source code? Then you might as well join a big company, because the entrepreneurial/hacker spirit dictates that you _must_ be willing to learn something new every day. Four years since starting my organization, Press@NeoSmart.net still redirects to my email address (as the founder & Director). As if TechCrunch doesn't know that's what small companies & organizations do! There are four screenshots in the post and throughout the comments... doesn't that count as some evidence? Same here, except with VMware instead of Photoshop. It's rather disconcerting when Firefox takes up as much memory as an entire virtual machine running Windows XP.... I can't help but think of Twitter every time someone mentions FriendFeed. I know I'm going to get a lot of flack for saying this, but FriendFeed now is exactly how Twitter was at the time of the SxSW rage. Everyone who wasn't using it "didn't know what they were missing" and it was going to be "the greatest thing since sliced email" and whatnot... Flash forward just several months, and the fad is over. These things can't sustain themselves, they take too much work, they're huge timesinks, and they have no real & tangible long-term benefits for their users. They may be fun at first, but as soon as the novelty wears off the number of users will also drop - as will he number of hard-core users that can't hear the service's name without wetting their pants in excitement. That's just silly/stupid. A good resume speaks for itself and is instantly obvious from 1) The grammar and words used 2) The length of the resume (yes, believe me, size does matter) 3) What it says. Content is king, it doesn't make a difference if we're talking articles or resumes/CVs. A resume isn't where you show off your humor, that's what interviews are for. I highly doubt that. Freedom of speech covers your right to give out your password to anyone who asks for it :) If some stranger came up to you in the street and asked for your SSN & bank account number and you were stupid enough to give it to them, who would be at fault? Would that stranger have done anything illegal? To the contrary, I found the WSJ report showed the direct correlations between the times when Ballmer began to pick up the majority of the work and the decline in the _innovation_ coming out of Microsoft's camp. Their report makes the Gates/Ballmer division of how MS plays ball quite clear. As they explain, Gates is all about MS innovating and building their own tech. Ballmer is about finding a compromise and playing it slightly more safe (because he's a businessman first and foremost while Gates is a hacker). Sure, it's a huge risk to gamble with one of the world's biggest companies, but Gates knew how to play that game. Just take a look at the "innovations" that have come from MS post-2001 and compare them to their work prior to that. There's a clear distinction in the aim/position MS took on in the market. Of course correlation isn't causation, but it's still food for thought. OpenOffice Impress is free. And it automatically downloads my updates for me, too. PHP's scalability isn't the big question. It's not the thing that gives people pause when they hear there's a PHP project looking for a developer. As far as dynamic languages go, PHP scales better than most and performs pretty damn well out of the box. But it's whether or not you can be productive in PHP that's the real question. And men write more code, period. I guess I should have made the tongue-in-cheek humor a bit more obvious (my reply was referring to the sensationalist headlines) - I actually have two brilliant women working for me and their coding is awesome :) It's not that hard to read. Plain is good - though it does look rather awkward on my widescreen. Copy and paste the text into Word or OpenOffice if it's that bad :) He's taking into effect the opportunity cost of spending that dollar verses investing it in something, if I'm not mistaken. What's more is that going through any form of proxy kills your speeds. I'm in Jordan and paying through the eyeballs for 1MB internet (80USD/Month with a 10GB cap) - going through either a private VPN or Socks5 effectively castrates my web-browsing speeds so you can imagine how badly it affects streaming 480p video :) Thank God ValleyWag is banned, because their article on the matter is obscenely light-hearted about the matter. I pray Jobs is OK, cancer is no joke :-( Correction: It's not small, just thin. Which doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things, actually. Everything is relative. "Breakthrough" scalability and parallel computing on OS X , but more importantly compared to previous versions of OS X. The fact that OS X is currently in last place (I read the same article you're referring to - I think it was on OS News but I'm not sure) is the very reason why they can improve so drastically. Basically, what Apple meant to say is, they're going to be backporting all the FreeBSD scheduler patches to OS X - perhaps even using the ULE Scheduler which would be 1) easy enough to switch to without too much development on Apple's behalf and 2) totally capable of delivering the promised improvements. http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/os-x-snow-leopard-to-use-ule-s... Take a look at the link I posted below - OpenCL can be accomplished by using a thread scheduler that's "aware" of asymmetric processing capabilities across the different cores (and treating the GPU as a usable processing core in non-OpenGL code). I suspect they'll be using ULE or something similar to it to pull this off. Even without much experience with some of the frameworks on the list, I was blown away by how blatantly biased some of those comparisons were. (No, the disclaimer on the first page warning of "possible" biases doesn't cut it). I don't much like the concept of "Site-Specific browsers" - that's what desktop applications and client-server models are for. But you definitely can't deny the appeal it has to Startup and "web 2.0" developers. Damn - why did you have to post it this early? It's going to slip off the front page before Sunday.... and I won't remember! Same here, but PostIt Notes are my best friends (instead of note cards) :) I'd bet it's a line or two of code that, at one point, seemed like a downright brilliant hack/idea to the engineer writing it - and, like so many other "inspired moments," it's come back to haunt... Definitely weird, though! Ubuntu 8.04 x86_64 fully updated - everything working fine here. Parts of it are stunningly beautiful, but they've been wasted: Square corners? Check. Windows 95 shade of gray? Check. Fail? Unfortunately. Thanks. I have a pretty good relationship with some university professors who I could ask for a hand - but I've heard scary stories about professors taking all the credit? Awesome recap.. That link is to the first ten minutes only though, here's the link to the second half: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9OkFTDG4fY&feature=relat... Question: why are you posting the same comment to multiple stories? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=216787 I upvoted you, tried the link, and found out it doesn't resolve? "What a lovely grain of sand you are... Too bad you're lying on a beach." I was just struck by how elegantly and simply those few words got such an important and fundamental point across. Submitted because of the first entry of the ten... it's the steampunk Model M IBM keyboard found here: http://steampunkworkshop.com/keyboard.shtml Honestly, this reads like a (poor?) PR move on Google's behalf - explain why .exe is a bad idea to cover up the obvious flaw in blocking .0 extensions. Everyone knows exe is executable, but .0 can (very easily and clearly) refer to non-executable stuff... Only problem: Google doesn't support x64 Linux installations. http://code.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?answer=83194... (note that the nspluginwrapper link on their site doesn't work for Gears - it was reported by a poster on a mailing list as working, but future posts confirmed it doesn't do the trick) ...whereas both Flash and Moonlight work quite well on x64 now (nevermind the past). Actually, it doesn't explain why Yahoo! passed up on the offer - nothing does. As a publicly-traded company, Yahoo!'s number one goal is required to be that they keep their stock prices going. Microsoft's deal was for more lucrative, but Yahoo! turned it down (yet again) for murky-clear reasons that aren't backed by numbers or facts - just Jerry Yang's insistence that "Yahoo! can do better." (Note: I'm glad the deal didn't fall through, IMHO, it would've been the end of both MS and Yahoo!) I love how she makes 1:30 in the morning out to be "sleeping late." Sorry, but IIS is free (assuming you have Windows) and I'm coding .NET and MySQL as I write this. Oh, and I've never seen a server run by a proper IT admin get a virus - only people who use the server as a workstation get infected. At the risk of sounding like an idiot... was this the link you meant to send? http://kara.allthingsd.com/20080613/microsofts-not-bluffing/ Because the one you're linking to is about the creators of email trying to fix it. Expected by whom ? If you're saying Google expects this kind of URI format, then they should probably say so :) First good TechCrunch article in a long time - it's nice to see Arrington can still write a decent, fair, and sensible article once in a while. Am I the only one that's saddened by the potential for even more fragmentation of communication and info? I personally like having all of my information in one place, and that's my personal email account - not my social network. I don't need another email address. I agree with what you're saying.. but most hackers I know can force themselves to get up sevenish if they're going to sleep that early. IMHO, late is 3am+ That links to the top 42 commercial games for Linux. Top 42 Free Games: http://www.linuxlinks.com/article/20080510052539217/Games.ht... And another 42 Free: http://www.linuxlinks.com/article/20080522164112313/Games-Pa... AOL has released partial specs for parts of OSCAR but neglected to include the sections necessary for ICQ compatibility, and there is an obsolete draft RFC for MSNP. Both of those protocols have been reverse engineered and documented fairly well, but there are no open source implementations suitable for use as jabber gateways. Sorry, but that's just not true. OpenFire has an excellent opensource IM gateway plugin with support for all of the protocols he mentions. The only one still missing from the open source community is Skype. I don't understand the last two paragraphs (before "Power Points").... the article is mentioning "for the greater good" and some counter-arguments to points that haven't been made in the article itself! The benefits of their technology is clear, but they're defending it against arguments that have (presumably) been made without telling us what they are... Absolutely no disrespect intended.... but perhaps it is not the companies at fault? I mean to say, are the other fellow hackers/employees present just as disenchanted with the management and direction of the company as yourself, or was it always just you? The karma situation isn't anywhere near as bad as you're making it out to be. While what your suggesting can be done, there's absolutely no reason to do it. Hacker News is still a great place and a great community and there's no reason to turn all rebellious over a perceived injustice, and certainly no motivation to try to turn the whole karma system upside-down when -- on the whole -- it's working OK.... He didn't give any reasons for not doing number 2 (waiting for the Blackberry Bold)... IMHO: not really. Sure, for the while it takes to catch on (assuming it does) it would work and we'd know ourselves. But then when it becomes the "standard" for low ratings to mean high quality then people will start up-voting like crazy, and we're back where we started. The numbers are relative, so it doesn't make a difference if there's a leading "-" sign or not, it's the way people read and treat it that counts. When HN first started, + was the convention and people respected it (at first), then they didn't. If you switch to a "-" convention, people will respect it for some time, then the same thing will happen once more... Then it'll have no meaning. You'll downvote my reply because you think its worthy and someone else will come along and upvote it for the same reason (and, remember, everyone can upvote always). Or you'll upvote my reply because of how nasty, trollish, and a waste of bytes it is and someone will come along and take points away... it'd be chaos. As a matter of fact yes, but with some workarounds. However, let's assume the answer is "of course not" instead: But it can be easily adapted - that's like creating a new filesystem from scratch because ext3 or reiserfs hasn't yet been ported to whatever platform you're working on - and going on to claim that no open source filesystem exists simply because you don't use any of them :) It's not an "attack" - it's the normal course of events. If 50% of the community follows one convention and the other 50% follow another, it's inevitable. I'm sorry, but why is this such a big deal? I'm not referring to the fact that's listed here, but rather why is it headline news that a particular not-so-special FOSS program has reached 500k downloads? I've had my free software reach the 500k, and 1MM marks; but didn't think to make such a big deal about it.. can someone enlighten as to when it's considered a news-worthy accomplishment verses when its meaningless self-praise? God, news agencies are so gullible these days! First it was BBC swallowing the story about the magically-regrown finger via "pixie dust" hook, line, and sinker and now we have Reuters equating DNA to life........ I'm not a mobile developer, but if I were, that wouldn't bother me. The concept of an app store shipping on every iPhone and Apple doing the marketing for you... it's pretty enticing and IMHO well worth that 30%. I'd imagine a high-profile application (read: fad) would gather more money, traffic, and downloads on a forced-down-your-throught app store on the iPhone than on Android where your users have to go more or less out of their way to get it. Good point. I guess the only possible legal alternative to the AppStore is an application installed via the AppStore that does the same thing, but the odds of Apple allowing something like that to be listed on AppStore are near nil. It doesn't help that 37Signals isn't linking to the actual source, just the domain it was found on. I think the author is wrong to dismiss both image and video search as complicated and expensive. All either of them needs is the right algorithm, which can come as a "stroke of genius" and land someone a lot of cash, real easy. Can we stop posting all these articles that claim to know the secret of why men like some things and women like others? These ridiculous articles aren't accomplishing anything! IMHO this is a PR stunt... there's no real benefit to using a OS X server instead of FreeBSD or even Linux... if I'm wrong, please enlighten me as to any tangible benefits to using Leopard purely as a webserver... I see a lot of people bashing Confluence here.. may I ask why? Having used Twiki, DocuWiki, MediaWiki, and now Confluence; it has become my enterprise wiki of choice. If you can get over its J2EE requirements which make for a huge PITA when the time to upgrade to the next version or make it work with other J2EE applications on the same Tomcat instance, it's a pretty productive tool. It gets the job done, its straight-forward to use, and performs quite good. Can I ask why there are a lot of disenchanted Confluence users out there? They couldn't pick a more crowded day to release such a major milestone? I don't think anyone in the press has the time of the day for Wine when FF3 goes gold simultaneously... Inside every small program is a large program struggling to get out. So true!! I've seen tiny self-contained applications turn into huge suites of software that no one - from the developers to the end users - had anticipated. I'd like to point out that Opera 9.5 alpha had this feature before "Mozilla went out there and tried to change things around." It doesn't exist. According to a number of users at Metafilter ( http://www.metafilter.com/28301/Scrambled-Text ), they've scoured the net and found nothing... Why the second half of the title? I could give it a less if it was "broken" by Digg or Twitter or Slashdot or email - the only thing that matters is whether there is ice or not on Mars. You don't see CNN headlines suffixed with "as AP told us" or "and Reuters had it first!" etc. This is a good business opportunity to start a VPN service in Korea or Taiwan... Is it? Uploaded On: 2007-11-04 I'm pretty sure the fail whale was around before Nov. 2007? While a really nice idea, it's inefficient and won't work. Time has proven over and over that technology requires a different perspective, and what we're used to doesn't always work. From the first attempts at flight by creating artificial wings and flapping them up and down to sowing machines that attempted to thread a needle through one side of a cloth and out the other, science has shown that what we're used just doesn't always translate to success in the machine world. Upvoted in hope that you were being sarcastic :) I don't know if it would be against HN policy to do so, but I think this is something that should be moderated (i.e. marked as dead). I don't know what's worse: people upvoting the story, or defending it. Sorry, but Windows has had the ability to generate summaries of privacy settings ever since NT and the creation of NTFS w/ ACL configuration. It's called "Effective Permissions" and tells you - bottom line, all settings and configurations taken into account - what each user can access and what they can't. Obviously MS hasn't contested this patent yet, but I wonder what they'll do when they read it up.... It isn't novel. See my reply above. No, you're not supposed to "forgive it," you're supposed to use Google or SearchYC, and see the reasons it's there and why it's hard to get rid of for yourself. Most C/C++ programmers should be able to pick up Ct quickly, since less than 5% of the language will be new, according to Rajagopalan. Obviously written by a non-coder; because 5% new/changed keywords is HUGE. And learning the keywords isn't the problem, it's knowing how and when to use them. Every modern (real) language has multi-threading support (albeit not as described in the article), just most people don't know how to use it. At any rate, it uses a runtime environment. If I wanted multi-threaded code that uses a runtime environment, I'd turn to C# or Java, not Ct. What Intel should have focused on (in addition to the extension to the language's own library) is making pure compile-time changes to the language that enable such features, not mixed compile/run-time platforms. From M-W: Pertinacious: stubbornly unyielding or tenacious Get rid of Scribd.com integration. Then I will wear pong so I dont' have to behave well :) But the whole point/problem with the "Long Tail" is that it's inefficient. A single person can benefit from a single portion of the Long Tail without trouble, and all the different single persons benefiting from all the different little portions of the Long Tail add up to make something huge; but for one person to mine through the entire Long Tail isn't easy. It's been the concept of many social networks, from Technorati to Delicious and even to HN - the Long Tail is difficult to mine, inefficient to follow-up on, and generally not worth the trouble when you can keep up with the A-list instead. I'm sure there are some non-Blockbuster movies that would fit me perfectly and that I'd enjoy them far more than my current "top 10" Hollywood moovies; but, you know what, the effort it would take to locate these, the time wasted watching billions of hours of NON-good stuff just makes it not worth it. That's the perpetual problem with the Long Tail. That's rather unfair. Visual Studio 2008 is several orders of magnitude faster, more powerful, and much more responsive than NetBeans. NetBeans is cleaner, but once you get used to VS you'll realize it's the best IDE. This, coming from someone who used to live and die by IntelliJ & NetBeans. Visual Studio is a really great IDE, and togther with the .NET Framework is one of Microsoft's greatest achievements and a huge boon for coders working on MS' platforms. I agree with the rest of what you said though, but I don't think it's applicable to VS.NET. For instance, you could have talked about how bloated Office has become; while it still has tons of good new features, they're inefficiently done. You could have discussed how while Windows is a decent design/principle it has an increasingly more shitty implementation with each and every revision. But Visual Studio?? Well, I wish I could use it on Linux right now! This is the kind of rephrasing of concepts that's just so ingenious and makes you wonder why no one thought of it before. Props to the people behind the (so obvious, so effective) idea! I was really surprised to see how little research is done in the CS fields until I realized something: the lines only show the quantity of citations going in and out across different fields . They have bio and med listed separately when they're really closely tied - so they naturally have a huge amount of information exchange going on between the two, making for the seemingly-gargantuan research count/amonut for those areas. In CS, on the other hand, the amount of research is huge (probably biggest of all since the barrier of entry is so low and isn't limited to people of that field alone); but it's mainly CS people citing other CS people's work(s). We effectively live in a bubble, albeit a very huge one. We interact and share with one another, but not that much with the rest of the industries - and we probably should, since there's a lot of ideas in cyberspace that can be mapped directly to real life..... IMHO, the internet enabled us to discover the existence of the Long Tail and appreciate that it's there and is of huge potential, but is ill-suited (at least in its current format) for making use of the Long Tail. I had high hopes for "the semantic web" and unlocking the tail; but that - most unfortunately - amounted to nothing. OK, then props to whoever is bringing this idea to the USA :) That's like pointing out the Arabs invented algebra before the Europeans started using it, so the European mathematicians don't deserve any credit at all. Props to these guys and the entire denizens of Europe, if that makes you feel more politically correct :) Brilliant. Now if only I could find out who tagged it as "Humor" on Delicious, because this is one of the most important & serious diagrams I've seen online in a long time.... I'm particularly interested in how users use and interact with tags, but it's a really complicated topic.... I blogged about the need for a tagging standard in the past, and raised a number of questions & concerns therein.. a couple of commenters promised to share their findings if their social networks took off, but to no avail: http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/the-need-for-creating-tag-stan... I'm afraid I must agree with the commenters on Om's site - what a fluff article! Honestly, if it weren't Om, I would say it was written by someone who named a startup for the first time and is overly-excited about his role in it... No substance, conflicting points (re: twitter) and bad conclusions (ArchWeb? names should flow ). People upvote if they liked the story, and they vote just to share. Bipartite graph algorithms and topological manifolds are not as important as Gardasil and alternative energy. I highly disagree. Drop by any R&D lab at your closest university and see how badly they depend on the latest software, the most efficient algorithms, and other CS-derived "sciences." If it weren't for languages like Matlab & the libraries of numerical methods and algorithms, alternative energy R&D wouldn't exist. I was at the Nuclear Engineering department of my university earlier today, and they're using CS stuff we haven't even looked at yet! CS is far more important in the grand scheme of things than it's being given credit for, but we silly hackers are content to appreciate ourselves and not look for more. I agree with you absolutely with regards to no two people having the same exact idea, but I don't think even the latter case is an exception - brief may be efficient but not "stylish" and "beautiful." Just like the other properties, it depends on the person looking at it:) Brilliant guide, thanks. I need an MP3 player right now, so this is real helpful. (OT: Anyone know the closest thing to an iPod with WMA support?) encryption please :) EDIT Thanks for changing it :) Not really - Apple's hardware market is driven by marketing principles not hardware costs or availability. Vista required UAC to be enabled in order to install any network printer. And with UAC enabled, the drivers won't install for non-made-for-Vista products... it's a total Catch-22. http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/windows-forces-you-to-use-uac-... Dude, give it a break already. Constantly crying about how HN doesn't suite your taste isn't going to make it any better and certainly doesn't raise the quality of the front page articles. It's the Inq, what do you expect? Microsoft has long been Intel's greatest ally (Wintel, anyone?) and they're still best friends despite whatever "Charlie Demerjian" may think. Vista is broken, no doubt about it, but that's a very far cry from "Intel is abandoning Microsoft." I only buy Crucial ram, but from NewEgg. I can't imagine wanting to convert another language to PHP, except for JavaScript maybe but that's not exactly useful. Now converting PHP to a different, more-useful language? that would be something :) Works great here, fast and snappy. FF3 final on Ubuntu 8.0.1 - I'd check my plugins if I were you. OCD also applies to coders - speaking from experience here. You haven't seen truly refactored code until you've seen somebody with OCD try to infinitely refine it :) Online Asperger's test: http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/9.12/aqtest.html Pressing "Calculate Score" though will show you the source code of the Perl script instead of calculating your results - however the code is easy to follow :) My score: 24. I really don't see what's the big deal. Lots of programs do lots of things without using lots of space.. Same here. 0 or 1? WTF! But what do you mean by the dates reference? I understood that to mean "what happened on this day," spotting patterns in dates, knowing ahead of time what date things will happen, etc? You can't deny that this is someone who gets software and knows how things are supposed to be. Now whether Microsoft gets software or not is debatable, but BillG most certainly does. Anyone that's spoken to him in real-life (even some of the most fanboyish Apple users) has confirmed this fact time and time again - it's a real shame for the software industry he "decided" to pull back from his company in 2001. I've tried it time and time again, along with Phalanger (PHP -> ILDASM) and RoadRunner (PHP -> C) and they all fail. Perhaps. However, my goal would be to take a large project already written in a nasty, buggy language and translate it to something fun to maintain and modify and easy/reliable to run. errr... he did - he's been stepping out since 2001. Your programming skills: No. Your talents and engineering senses? Most definitely. The idea is the same, the venue is different, that's all. "Does Tesco want .supermarket or .groceries?" said Graham Hales, of branding consultancy Interbrand. "Or maybe it wants .value or .everylittlehelps. The choice is endless." While this may address the lack of domain names now available thanks to squatters and collectors, it'll make the web a mess! It's already bad enough with some of the more exotic domain names in use, but with custom TLDs it'd be easier to just memorize the IP address instead! Depending on your projections for future growth and how much cash you have, I'd consider opening my own data center for that kind of storage..... Actually, it's more like 50 hard drives without redundancy (keeping in mind TiB vs TB) and at least double that if we're talking quality redundancy (assuming this is a for-profit company hosting people's sound clips then they better have duplicates of everything). I don't know enough about their model and what services they provide though. I'm thinking 40TB a year storage, but ~100TB transfer per month or more - which isn't a little. But my biggest point is future expansion. 40TB in year one... how many in year 2? From the BBC article on the topic: "Does Tesco want .supermarket or .groceries?" said Graham Hales, of branding consultancy Interbrand. "Or maybe it wants .value or .everylittlehelps. The choice is endless." While this may address the lack of domain names now available thanks to squatters and collectors, it'll make the web a mess! It's already bad enough with some of the more exotic domain names in use, but with custom TLDs it'd be easier to just memorize the IP address instead! I don't think he gives a damn about his 20% of the company as far as cash is concerned. It's more of a legacy thing. He created Microsoft - it's his legacy, it's what he'll be remembered by, and he really cares for it.... it's a part of him. The problem is that such technology isn't monetizable. I mean, you can sell the API or library or whatever that you use to interface with the inbox to people looking to develop such software, but the kind of money it would generate isn't really worth the hassle, IMHO. There's no need for an article, it's a one-word answer: Yes. TLDs are there because at one point they made sense. First it was locations... and, if there is anyone here who recalls before the dot-com boom it was actually pretty damn difficult to book a .org if you weren't an organization or .com if you weren't a company. But then with the huge surge of websites and startups back in the 90s these rules were highly relaxed and a TLD became meaningless and without value. Read the article. It claims he's using certain technology to detect fake red-eye flash from real flashes when a photo is being taken.