Webkit is LGPL, Chrome is based on Webkit, and the entire OS is built around Chrome. It's also speculated that their "new window system" is built on DirectFB which is LGPL. It makes a nice story, but I think a black triangle moment is something programmers should strive to avoid. Progress should be incremental and visible as much as possible and the system as a whole should always be in a working and testable state. Working on something for weeks before getting it into a testable state is a surefire recipe for an over-designed system with superfluous features and long debugging sessions. Turns out software isn't like buildings. Buildings can't be refactored during construction, nor do their requirements change halfway through. Developing software incrementally requires diligence in refactoring to keep the code clean, but development goes faster despite the "extra" refactoring time and the end product is better for it. Every week you can't show visible progress to a customer is a week your code drifts farther from their actual desires. The feedback loop is essential to writing good software. It may be difficult to achieve at times but it should always be our goal. Just look where the money is: they didn't list stats for ad clicks but I'm willing to bet IE6 users click more than their share of ads, and Firefox users less. In your example there are ways to do development incrementally. You could generate some files that only use a tiny subset of the features of Parasolid, in only one version. Once you have that working you can add feature and version support incrementally guided by your customer's priorities, which they might not even be aware of themselves but can easily be found by testing your code on a sampling of their most important files. Your incremental progress is loading of files with progressively more features, closer to your customer's files. It might turn out that you can avoid implementing every version and feature of the format, and it's much easier, faster, and more accurate to figure this out by testing working code than trying to write a spec ahead of time. I prefer the analogy posted by norkakn on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/90tge/hey_rprog... L1 - There is a sandwich in front of you. L2 - Walk to the kitchen and make a sandwich RAM - Drive to the store, purchase sandwich fixings, drive home and make sandwich HD - Drive to the store. Purchase seeds. Grow seeds..... .... ... Harvest lettuce, wheat, etc. Make sandwich. One better: OpenGL in Firefox via Canvas: http://blog.vlad1.com/2007/11/26/canvas-3d-gl-power-web-styl... I'd argue that most simple UI animations are in fact presentational, not behavioral. One of the nice things about defining animations declaratively in CSS instead of procedurally in Javascript is that browsers will have control over the implementation. Your browser could easily have a "no animations" mode, or selectively disable certain animation types. Browsers can implement animations much more efficiently if they don't have to call Javascript every frame, and they can also separate animation from whatever else the page is doing; animations could be slowed or stopped in background tabs or low-battery situations while the page's Javascript continues running. Everyone is focused on this removal of the null check by the compiler, but to me that's a red herring. The real bug is the fact that SELinux allows you to map memory to address 0! Fix that and this is much less serious. GCC's code isn't incorrect. As per the C standard, after you've dereferenced a NULL pointer then all behavior is undefined. If GCC emitted code that launched ICBMs after a NULL pointer dereference, that wouldn't violate the spec either. The real WTF here is that people are still building "secure" software in a language where programmer mistakes cause undefined behavior... I'll grant you that OWA does work in Opera (and other non-IE browsers) but it really sucks compared to the IE version. Perhaps you've never tried it in IE; if so then you don't know what you're missing. Thankfully, Exchange 2010 will finally bring full OWA support to non-IE browsers. http://www.robichaux.net/blog/2009/04/exchange-2010-owa.php I've always thought a YouTube jukebox would be a good idea. If this gets popular, though, there's no question it will be shut down, if not by the RIAA then by YouTube itself. My feedback: needs more AJAX. Clicking items in the interface like "friends" or "music" shouldn't reload the page and stop the playing song. Also, get rid of modal dialogs. (For example, when adding a song or playlist, give it a default name instead of asking for a name in a modal dialog.) Also, don't ask for my real name up front; wait until later. You should budget for your free service under the assumption that people will create multiple accounts. Then you should allow merging multiple free accounts into one paid account to provide a tempting upgrade path for multiple-account people, who after all are among your most dedicated users. If you can detect multiple-account people then you can advertise the account-combining feature to them directly. I guess you and I have different conceptions of what's "perfectly sufficient". My guess is that GCC's dead code warning is produced in a pass that runs before the optimizer and isn't smart enough to prove the code is dead. A "radical" new router? Perhaps a more apropos 80s adjective would be "tubular"? edit: OK, HN doesn't like puns? Good to know. I don't think it takes any faith to say that a sufficiently precise simulation of the physical characteristics of the brain would produce output similar to that of a real brain. To the contrary; saying otherwise would require faith in new physics (some sort of "spiritual energy"?) that we have no evidence for at this time. 30M synapses * 2^28 ~= 10P synapses That's 56 years of Moore's law. I think you're right that they'll have to do something other than scale up. Luckily there's room for tons of optimization, especially if your goal is an AI instead of a medically accurate simulation of the brain. Simulations like Blue Brain will reveal the key features of neurons as they relate to computations performed by the brain. That will allow us to drastically simplify future brain models without losing accuracy, possibly even wiring them directly into hardware. I think it's plausible that this approach could yield a humanlike AI within 20-30 years. The technology to end humanity is already here (nuclear and soon biological weapons). In the long run superhuman AI may be the only thing that can prevent us from destroying ourselves. Even if it were desirable, stopping the advance of technology is impractical. If superhuman AI is possible, it will be built. A more practical argument would be that superhuman AI should be strictly controlled, though advancing technology will eventually make that difficult too. The only solution in the long (really long) term is for us to become superhuman ourselves and attempt to preserve the things we find important in the transition. What's broken is the C preprocess/compile/link process. C needs to get a modern module system and ditch the antiquated preprocessor and linker. It is possible to do strace-like stuff on Windows too as evidenced by Process Monitor. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645.asp... If scanning atimes is too slow or unreliable, perhaps fabricate could be updated to use procmon? I doubt you could make the border smaller than a pixel; pixels are tiny these days. Having worked with display walls in the past, even a 1-pixel border between displays is really distracting, to the point where I'd rather just use the 2 displays separately as in a normal dual-head setup. If you really need a borderless display the way to do it is with a projector. You can seamlessly combine projectors to create a display as big as you want. Normally the projected images are overlapped a few pixels on each side and blended together to cover up alignment issues. I'm certain this is how they make that enormous display that towers behind Steve Jobs during his keynotes at Moscone Center. If you're interested in joining the displays from multiple computers together, check out http://code.google.com/p/synergy-plus/ . It's like VNC in reverse. Also, X Windows theoretically allows moving running application windows from one device to another but I don't think any implementations really support it. Basically, if this thing is for real, it's the most important invention since the transistor. It completely replaces batteries in every application with better performance in almost every dimension at lower size, weight, and cost. It's quite likely that the EEStor guys are fraudsters or crackpots, but it's fun just to think about the possibilities such a device would unlock. Cheap electric cars! Phones that charge in 10 seconds! Rechargeable batteries that never need replacing! The American cultural thing you're missing is that it's now considered gauche to brag about how you don't watch TV, even if it's true. For a while not owning a TV was fashionable; now there's a stereotype of "goody-two-shoes" people who go out of their way to avoid watching TV and brag about it repeatedly to anyone who will listen. Here's a specific technology that's going to be a huge boon to robotics in the next 5-10 years: Flash LIDAR cameras. This is the technology behind the XBox 360's "Project Natal", but it's a lot more than a game controller. A Flash LIDAR camera directly senses the distance to every object seen by the camera by measuring the time-of-flight of a reflected laser pulse. With accurate distance data for every pixel a lot of really hard computer vision problems suddenly become much, much eaiser. It could not possibly be more clear that these statutory damages are excessive. How could any court fail to rule that a $600,000 fine (let alone $2 million!) to an individual for non-commercial copyright infringement violates the eighth amendment to the constitution? "Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted." Hopefully the defending lawyers in these cases can stop pissing off their judges long enough to make this blindingly obvious argument. IANAL either, but I doubt the framers of the constitution meant their definition of "fine" to exclude a case like this. Even if it isn't a "fine" in esoteric legal jargon it fits the definition of "cruel and unusual punishment". After all, $2 million is more than the expected lifetime earnings of an American individual. $2 million is essentially a monetary life sentence. edit: I did some research and you're correct that this doesn't fit the modern legal definition of a "fine". Apparently fines are for criminal offenses and in civil cases like this they're called "penalties" instead. Again, however, I don't think this necessarily applies to the eighth amendment. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/fine That's awfully risky for the defendant. If I was the one on the stand I don't think I'd permit my lawyers to risk sticking me with a $2 million fine just so they could set precedent, even if they were from Harvard. Personally, I don't understand why ISPs haven't become payment processors. They already have a monthly billing relationship with their customers. Wouldn't it be cool if your ISP provided a service whereby you could buy things online and charge them to your ISP bill? If done right such a service could be more secure than credit cards for online purchases, make micropayments much more feasible, and provide a separate revenue stream for ISPs. Why haven't they jumped on this? Something that might not be obvious is that, since shaders will be supported, this will also enable GPGPU from Javascript. If JIT-compiled Javascript is still too slow for you, you'll now have the option of running your code on the massively parallel vector co-processor that's in nearly every modern PC. The obvious next step in this direction is OpenCL. WebKit has been implementing a different approach, doing 3D effects via CSS. I think both approaches to 3D are useful in different contexts and they should both be implemented. http://webkit.org/blog/386/3d-transforms/ What are you going to do with only a pasta strainer? You're going to need a whole kitchen's worth of attachments and the cost could quickly become large, especially if the appliances and fixtures need to be modified. Afterward the kitchen will be less useful for humans and the robot will still be useless for anything but kitchen tasks. We already have kitchen devices that do one thing well: dishwasher, mixer, breadmaker, toaster, cuisinart, etc. At some point it will become cheaper to make one robot that can do it all. "But really, what do we want as a society? For a two-digit number of extremely wealthy people to have access to the world's best prosthetics, stuff that is in the realm of sci-fi? Or for everyone to have access to "good enough" prosthetic technology that advances more slowly?" If you choose the latter then you are short-sighted, because in the future everyone will be worse off. I thought that was a flaw in his article. It should be possible to make a bidirectional gateway between a Wave server and and SMTP, and then incremental adoption becomes easy. So his argument is that we should ignore all possible risks to our oil supply and let everyone have cheap oil? That works great until one of those risks becomes reality, the price of oil instantly skyrockets amid dire shortages, and we don't have any alternatives because oil was cheaper than all of them. I hope that none of the people railing against speculators are also environmentalists, because oil speculators should be an environmentalist's best friend: nothing could possibly promote alternative energy better than high oil prices. Computer vision for autonomous robots. I've done a lot of 3D graphics and I think working on the inverse could be fun too. I think a lot of progress is going to be made quickly now that 3D depth-sensing cameras are becoming available. Most interesting to me are self-driving cars (e.g. the DARPA Grand Challenge robots) or dynamically balancing 2-legged anthropomorphic robots (e.g. Honda's ASIMO). I don't know anyone in the field, so if I was really going to pursue this I'd probably start by going back to school. I don't expect this to be a problem within my lifetime. As we get more efficient we can easily reverse the trend toward 2-income families, and then start shortening the work week. Who could say no to a 32 hour week, or even shorter? At some point we may have to switch to an alternative economic system not based on labor (perhaps Cory Doctorow's "Whuffie", and I recommend "Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom" for anyone interested), but that will be a long time from now and I suspect by then the choices will be more obvious and incremental. "today's unskilled workers aren't going to be the robot owners of the future" Careful with your crystal ball there; you might end up sounding like the people who predicted similar things about computers. Robots will become very cheap in the future; they won't be exclusive to the "bourgeoisie". "You can't just start making everyone work less" Who said anything about making? That's far too authoritarian for my liking. People will choose to work less when they can achieve the lifestyle they want with less work. It will take a while for this to become socially acceptable, but I think it will happen. I am less than 40, and I would be happy indeed if this became a problem during my lifetime, but I'm still skeptical. As nanotech advances we will gain the ability to replace more and more rare elements with common ones. In the far future there's no reason why our technology couldn't be based entirely on nanoscale structures made of only the cheapest, most abundant elements. After all, nature does it just fine. "we [will] have automation that is expensive, but cheaper than humans." I don't think that's true. The expensive part of robots is the hardware. I think we will have hardware able to replace humans long before we have the software. ASIMO's body is probably capable enough to do many tasks today. The hardware will become cheap long before the software becomes capable enough to replace humans in most jobs, and the software will improve gradually. People will have time to adapt. Furthermore, this argument seems based on the premise that there's a huge underclass of people who can't possibly be trained in a skill once robots take the manual labor away, and that's an elitist view I simply don't agree with. America is already a country full of people who shun manual labor; only immigration fills the lowest level of jobs. Americans are not genetically superior to the immigrants who do our manual labor; we just have better opportunities. As robots make us more productive those opportunities will be offered to more and more people, and the number of workers willing to do manual labor will naturally dwindle. Interesting, you guys must be on one of those A/B tests that Google does without telling anyone. I certainly don't get AJAX results in the classic or sandbox searches. Your questions are about resource allocation, and the answer as usual is free markets. An argument about the efficacy of free markets vs. central planning would be offtopic, so let's just agree to disagree on this one. Pixar has their own style that is intentionally not photorealistic. Also, Toy Story is from 1995. Try instead comparing Crysis to the effects from a modern blockbuster, which have to hold up well when compared to the live action shots. Ditching the fixed-function pipeline isn't all about realism, though. More flexibility will allow more experimentation with non-photorealistic rendering. Maybe we'll see more games with graphics that look like they were painted or drawn. Another benefit of more flexible rendering should be easier game development. Writing a complete renderer from scratch will be hard but most games will use middleware for that. The most expensive part of a modern game is the art, and a flexible renderer could do a lot to make generating that art easier. I do share your pet theory about Larrabee trying to avoid stepping on toes at Intel by labeling themselves a GPU. However, in order for Larrabee to be worthwhile for Intel it needs a mass market, and graphics is it. If Larrabee fails at graphics it will likely not survive. The images aren't procedurally generated; they really are that large. Stamping is just an easy way for artists to generate an image that large; the stamps are baked into the texture as soon as the artist places them, and afterward the artist can go back and individually edit every pixel. Obviously you can't ship an image that large on a DVD, so there's a lot of compression that has to happen, and a lot of that data will eventually just get thrown out. I believe id is using a system that uses recorded player sessions to figure out which parts of the texture are likely to be shown on-screen in actual gameplay. This is why I cringe when I hear people say that the current economic crisis is an indictment of capitalism; a proof that free markets behave irrationally. To believe that you have to ignore the enormous distortions government has created, not just with recent legislation but with things like the mortgage tax deduction that are so entrenched and popular we take them for granted. Of course markets aren't perfect. They can cope with distortions like the mortgage tax deduction but the cost is reduced efficiency and resiliency. The mortgage tax deduction didn't trigger the crisis but it amplified the effects by increasing the number and size of mortgages. (BTW, I'd like to clarify that I didn't downvote you and I agree it was uncalled for. I don't yet have the ability to downvote.) "it is incapable of investigating, understanding or dealing with human purposes, eternal values, spiritual realities or the challenges of the meaning of life" This is only true if you believe the brain will remain forever inscrutable. If we come to a complete understanding of how the brain works, we will be able to answer all these questions (at least as far as they relate to humans) far more completely than any amount of introspection ever will. Actually, now that I look at it, this guy's entire argument can be boiled down to "consciousness is not a physical phenomenon and is therefore outside of science". He could have said so using a lot fewer words, but then it would be too easy to disagree with him. I feel that the problem you describe is exacerbated (as so many philosophical "problems" are) by the imprecision of the language used in framing the problem. Rather than bicker over word definitions, I would prefer to wait until we have computers powerful enough to simulate the brain, at which time we can answer such questions using the precise language of mathematics. Of course I can't prove that we will be able to create such computers. If we can't then that would be evidence for a non-physical basis of consciousness. However, I feel that right now the burden of proof is on the people who claim that consciousness doesn't obey the laws of physics, as we haven't yet found any other process which doesn't. Like I said, I believe the "problem" itself is ill-defined. Philosophy in general has a tendency to devolve into arguments over word definitions and I simply don't think that's productive. A simulation of the brain will give us the data we need to frame the problem precisely enough to actually answer it. > If we find something that doesn't obey the laws of current physics, we just modify the laws. If consciousness is truly outside the domain of science then logically there would be no law we could create to account for its effects. But I'll go a step further and say that I believe consciousness obeys the laws of physics as we currently understand them . Again I don't have a proof of this, but neither do the people who say it doesn't. The problem was stated by christopherolah, and labeled as such. I'll quote it here for your convenience: "The problem is this: Consider perceiving the color red. An outside observer can explain this as photons hitting my eye and me reacting. The only problem is, I can actually see the color. How can a series of chemical reactions cause me to feel?" As I have said, the respect in which it is ill-defined is the imprecise definitions of the words used. An argument about this will eventually turn to haggling over the definitions of words like "see", "perceive", and especially "feel". "what is your reason for believing [consciousness obeys physics]?" I don't claim to have a strong argument. This thread is already too long so I'm not going to list my reasons, but the point I'd like to make is that the opposing view doesn't have strong arguments either, and I feel the burden of proof rests more heavily on that side, considering Occam's razor. I recommend watching Carmack's QuakeCon '09 keynote here: http://www.quakeunity.com/file=2919 It's 2 hours long, but he has a lot of interesting stuff to say about selling id Software to ZeniMax, Armadillo Aerospace, the Tesla Roadster, the future of games, and even the possibility of a Commander Keen game for iPhone. (The most interesting stuff is in the Q&A section at the end). I have driven a piece of farm equipment (bin carrier) which has a pedal that works this way. The pedal is on a pivot and instead of depressing the whole pedal you press on the top to go forward and the bottom to go back. Braking is a simple matter of pressing the pedal in the opposite direction you are going (though normal mechanical brakes are also present as backup). I found the system to be rather touchy. When coming to a stop it was quite easy to overcompensate and start oscillating back and forth. It was quite fun to drive though, and for the kind of work a bin carrier does the ability to reverse without changing gears is very useful. Incidentally, in order to achieve this continuously adjustable drive a diesel engine runs at a constant RPM turning a hydraulic pump which in turn drives hub motors in each wheel. The whole thing makes a very distinctive sound as it drives around. http://www.shakermaker.com/bin-carrier-images.php http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=limit+of+x+-+(x+-+1)+as... Also, http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=infinity+-+(infinity+-+... If nothing else, Wolfram Alpha is useful for math. I'm impressed that it understood my syntax for limits that I made up on the spot, first try. The "hacking" aspect is that during the interview instead of mentioning you've heard the problem before you're supposed to pretend you're a genius who solved the problem on the spot. Actually I think that advice is misguided, as in my experience when you tell an interviewer you're already familiar with their favorite brainteaser they're just as impressed as if you solved it yourself, and you don't feel dishonest. This technology is not interesting to me. The efficiency is too low, the coils are too big, the distances are too short, and too much alignment is required. The talk of replacing batteries is just hype. But the real reason I'm not excited is I don't believe this technology is going to improve much. People look at this and think that it's just like computers, so in 10 years these things will be 10 times smaller with 10 times the range. That's simply not true; there's no Moore's law for wireless power. We've known how to do this for over 100 years and the basic physics aren't changing. In 10 years the coils will still be that big, with the same range and the same alignment issues. Batteries, on the other hand, have plenty of room to improve. In 10 years batteries will definitely be storing more energy with less mass at lower cost with faster charging and longer lifetimes. That's a technology I can get excited about. There's still a demand for newspapers, it's just shrinking. As a country we're myopically focused on growth, but isn't there a place for businesses which are shrinking too? What's wrong with saying "the newspapers should reduce their size in an orderly way, in sync with declining demand"? Shouldn't it be possible to manage a shrinking business in such a way that it continues to generate profits until demand vanishes entirely? I don't think any useful generalizations can be made without information about the CPU and memory usage of the algorithms. It's technically possible to put a site on a top level domain. Now that ICANN has started allowing the purchase of TLDs we will soon be going to http://google and we'll probably see a URL shortener at http://l Huh, the link is missing an apostrophe. How did this get on the front page that way? http://www.kbsc.com/WhitePapers/1982%20-%20Marvin%20Minsky%2... "And now pick up a pencil or a pen (if you're really courageous) and practice on this very page." 3 things: 1. How quaint! 2. Did anyone else notice that the entire article was a giant .jpg? 3. Good on them for not being afraid to start a sentence with "And". I've never heard a good reason why it wouldn't be possible. But even supposing that it isn't, AI research is not wasted. It is clear that products related to AI (natural language processing, computer vision, game opponents, etc) can be exceedingly useful even though they're not sufficient to produce a conscious AI. So don't worry! My personal belief is that the reason progress in AI has been so slow is that AI optimists vastly underestimated the computing power needed to produce good AI, and when our computers are finally fast enough (20-30 years perhaps, and the most important metric is probably not FLOPS but memory bandwidth) AI will actually not be that hard to achieve. Those are the standard sounds made by some brand of walkie-talkie (Motorola I think) to mark begin/end transmission. Now that you mention it, they do sound an awful lot like the sounds Commander Keen made with the PC speaker. It uses thrust vectoring. The engine is on a gimbal and is constantly moving to keep the vehicle upright and on course. The fact that you can hardly see the movement means the sensors and software are doing a really good job keeping it stable. Choosing Linux for stable APIs would be rather silly. X11 is evolving rapidly nowadays and audio APIs are in a state of constant flux, where the different APIs often interfere with each other and there's no obvious best solution. Linux changes ABIs all the time and is notorious for C library incompatibilities. This recent mess with filesystem write semantics ( http://lwn.net/Articles/322823/ ) has proven you can't even rely on POSIX. Meanwhile, Win32 has been far more stable over the years and Microsoft has put a ton of effort into backwards compatibility. Don't get me wrong; I like Linux but API stability is not the reason to choose it over Windows. Yes, X11 is backwards compatible and that's been really great for the Linux desktop. But the article bashes Windows for rapidly introducing new APIs even though the old ones remain compatible; I'm just pointing out that Linux does that too. As for the audio situation, the problem is sharing between multiple apps. ALSA sucks at it so "sound servers" were invented but they caused more problems than they solved. Now it seems like every distro has a different sound solution, and meanwhile OSS was never removed from the kernel so you can't even rely on ALSA always being there. The filesystem problem can't be blamed wholly on apps or kernel devs; IMHO the problem really lies in POSIX which doesn't specify a way to achieve what app developers need in a way that can also be easily implemented in the kernel with good performance. I would argue that the behaviors app developers were using became a de facto part of POSIX and the way kernel devs broke them was irresponsible even if it didn't break the letter of the standard. Contrast with Microsoft which goes far, far out of its way to avoid breaking apps even when they flagrantly violate good practices (there are some great examples on The Old New Thing: http://blogs.msdn.com/oldnewthing/ ). When ALSA was imported into the mainline kernel, software mixing became possible without servers and they largely died out. My experience was completely different. A few years ago, ALSA software mixing was not enabled by default and didn't work well when enabled. When not enabled, apps couldn't share the audio device at all. KDE created aRts to allow sharing at the app level, but aRts sucked, plus it hogged the audio device so non-aRts apps wouldn't work at all. Later aRts added a timeout after which it would release the device but this obviously wasn't a good solution. Gnome had ESD which I didn't use but it conflicted with aRts. JACK came along but was only ever used by high-end audio programs. ALSA finally did get decent software mixing support, but now people are used to running sound servers. PulseAudio is the newest thing but last I heard a lot of people are still unsatisfied with it (e.g. http://jeffreystedfast.blogspot.com/2008/06/pulseaudio-solut... ). Furthermore, people who know what they're talking about are recommending a move away from PulseAudio and ALSA and back toward OSS! Personally, I think the case is quite convincing: http://insanecoding.blogspot.com/2009/06/state-of-sound-in-l... To my knowledge, the only filesystem which has poor performance when using fsync() is ext3 in data=ordered mode (which is not the default). Not according to http://lwn.net/Articles/351422/ Yes, disabling sound mixing will prevent multiple applications from using the sound card at once, in much the same way as disabling graphics drivers will prevent X11 from working. X11 never came with graphics drivers disabled by default. aRts is for pre-ALSA (ie OSS) applications. aRts isn't "for" ALSA or OSS applications; in fact it doesn't play nice with either. aRts is for aRts applications. aRts has backends for both OSS and ALSA. There's no reason glitch-free playback and per-application volume control can't be done in the kernel. The only feature that makes sense to do in user space is network transparency, which is of limited utility. I just can't get on board for another specialized program with more regulations. I wish we could just open the floodgates and let people in; xenophobes and protectionists be damned. If they're motivated enough to actually pick up and move here they're the kind of people we want. The muffin-sorting robot sorts muffins faster and better than any human could, whereas walking robots are still pretty terrible at walking even when compared to a below-average human. Minimap for Visual Studio: http://www.hanselman.com/blog/IntroducingRockScroll.aspx Let's combine this with the zip file approach. Your app is distributed as a zip file containing only the app folder. Safari unzips it automatically, then the user double-clicks your app icon. Your app notices it's in the "Downloads" directory and asks "Would you like to install me to the Applications folder?" If so, the move is done visually by opening two finder windows and literally moving the app icon as if it was being dragged. Afterward the Applications folder remains open displaying the app icon in case the user wants to drag it to the dock. How about a Seadragon interface? http://seadragon.com/view/avv The thing that bothers me about TechCrunch is that the comment section is a cesspool. Every time I scroll down there I regret it immediately. Tinnitus is not necessarily caused by dying cells or permanent hearing loss. Tinnitus is merely the name for a false perception of sound in the ears (normally but not always a ringing sound) and can be caused by a number of things. This treatment is not intended to cure hearing loss but simply to relieve tinnitus. Edit: well that's the impression I had based on the article, but at their actual site (restoredhearing.ie) they make claims like "restore hearing sensitivity back to the level it was before the damage was incurred" which sound rather dubious. I've never been big on exercising for the sake of exercise, but I do regularly go to a rock climbing gym. It's good exercise, but more importantly it's fun, unlike lifting weights. It requires the use of your brain: a good climb is like a puzzle you solve with your whole body. Great way to meet people, too. The only concern for hackers would be strain on the wrists. If you have wrist problems climbing probably isn't for you, but personally I feel like climbing has strengthened my wrists and actually been beneficial. What's that song they play? The beginning sounds really familiar but I can't place it. And it's the song from the end of The Bourne Identity. Thanks! Sorry, this cites a previous discovery of a superconductor at -24F (-31C) from May of this year. If that was actually true I guarantee you would have already heard about it from somewhere more prestigious than a self-published website. I have several Yahoo Pipes running which take various RSS feeds and replace the blurbs with the full article text ( http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.info?_id=b26addb2e01415dbf... ). As a programmer I found it quite frustrating to use; very limiting (as with all "visual programming" interfaces) and somewhat buggy. However, it does get the job done and it's free. I actually much preferred AppJet for this sort of work, as it could execute arbitrary Javascript and make arbitrary HTTP requests with cookies, etc. I wrote an RSS feed munger that logged into my WSJ account to download full articles with AppJet. I was really disappointed when AppJet was discontinued. Sweet! That must be new since the last time I looked at YQL. Looks very promising. Hopefully YQL lasts longer than AppJet did... Because you have to hold it (likely between thumb and ring finger) while you do the gestures. You'd have to use both hands to pull off a four-finger gesture. OK, the analogy is dumb, but the point stands on its own. Dynamic linking has been around for so long that it's a sort of dogma, never questioned. Of course you do dynamic linking! Just step back and consider all the problems dynamic linking has caused us (DLL hell, package management headaches, C library incompatibilities, various ABI issues) and the sheer complexity of the systems invented to solve those problems (Side-by-Side assemblies; InstallShield, Windows Installer, and umpteen other install frameworks for Windows; LD_LIBRARY_PATH, ldconfig; APT, RPM, and umpteen other Linux package managers). The "premium" content is really the content they had at the beginning, but lost over time as the rights holders cracked down; e.g. movies you'd actually want to watch, and more than 5 back episodes of currently-running shows. What we have here really is a failure of the advertising model Hulu uses. They just can't make enough money per viewer to displace traditional broadcasting or DVD sales. IMHO either Hulu or the advertisers are doing something stupid, because there really should be a gold mine there. The targeting and scheduling flexibility that's possible on a site like Hulu should make it more valuable per viewer than TV. Instead of trying to raise the market value of online content to match the cost of producing it — perhaps an impossible proposition — the secret is to cut costs until they match the market value. This is the reality that Rupert Murdoch is trying his best to ignore. I think he's deluding himself. The way he lives off of thrown-out food, secondhand clothes, and couch-surfing his friends and family means he's just as dependent on the system he despises as any "wage slave". He's not living free from the influence of money; he's just found ways to use other people's money to his advantage. I would love to see his reaction to a society that had collapsed in the way he predicts. What would he do without "wage slaves" around to throw away food, give away clothes, and let bums sleep in their houses? Subsistence farming is a totally different lifestyle than dumpster diving and couch surfing, and I doubt he's much more prepared for it than your average "wage slave". Raiding deserted department stores is fine for a few years, but that's not a long-term strategy. When the department store building collapses because nobody's maintaining it, and when the clothes run out and the factories aren't making any more, what then? Same with bicycles and any other technology he likes to use. I disagree. They're free to put ads on their printer friendly pages (which you'll notice The Economist has done), or add referer checking. I don't use printer friendly pages to avoid ads, I use them for their reading-friendly layout without enormous headers, footers, and sidebars taking up 3/4 of the page. "Our revenues are down millions of dollars because we don't have the patent" and the royalty stream that would have resulted, he said. "We have no market power. That's the essence of it. You can't protect your interests." He said competitors have entered the market, and utilities themselves have "reverse-engineered" WeatherWise processes You mean you can't get a government-backed monopoly on your product, so you actually have to compete ?! With competitors who charge lower prices ?! Cry me a river. Seriously. Not only will buying oil futures make them lots of money if they're right, it will help raise the price of oil, thus driving investment in alternative energy. The peak oil people don't get it: higher oil prices aren't the problem; they're the solution. I would suggest principle/principal instead. Here's the 7500x7500 image of it in Seadragon: http://seadragon.com/view/fnr I really like this about Facebook. They're not afraid of change and are willing to make decisions that are unpopular with users but ultimately improve the service. The fact that this is newsworthy is the problem. This data should be available via open APIs. It shouldn't take a licensing agreement negotiated by lawyers for stuff like this to happen. Interesting that this is separate from Intel's Larrabee project http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Larrabee_(GPU) . Larrabee also has the potential to put 48 x86 cores on one chip but provides a fully coherent cache and a ring bus instead of a mesh network with message passing. The other major difference is that Larrabee includes a wide vector processor in each core to run OpenGL/DirectX shaders or OpenCL kernels. I used AppJet myself for small personal projects, and liked it a lot. However, it wasn't complete enough for commercial use, perhaps as a platform for another startup to build their web app on. For example they didn't support development outside their web IDE, multiple code files in a project, a storage system with known scalability properties, or paid accounts with higher resource constraints. I know they were working on at least two of the four features I mentioned above before they decided to abandon AppJet in favor of EtherPad. Building their own app to prove their platform was a good idea, but I guess they just didn't have enough resources to work on the app and the platform at the same time. I'm not sure what the AppJet guys would have considered success to be, but if they expected other companies to build commercial apps on top of their stuff I think they gave up too early. Both Safari and Firefox have by now had a chance to copy this behavior, but neither have, even though both have added other features to their tab bars. I was able to load several roms with no trouble (though the UI could use some work). The performance was fine (3GS here) and the accuracy of graphics and gameplay seemed good, but the sound was very glitchy. Hopefully it can be fixed in an update before Apple boots it from the store. Ultimately the biggest problem with this is that the touchscreen just isn't as good as physical buttons for the kinds of games that the NES had. I loaded the ROMs from my mac mini via the web sharing feature of OS X (Apache). All the ROMs I tried worked the first time. Some ROM formats may not be supported; the ones I used had a .nes file extension. What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating-Point Arithmetic: http://docs.sun.com/source/806-3568/ncg_goldberg.html Still hoping Google's acquisition of On2 means the VP* series of codecs is coming to HTML 5 royalty free. How can that be if the standard was ratified in 2003? For patents filed after 1995 the patent term is based on the filing date of the application, not the date the patent is granted. I like the concept; the transaction cost of micropayments is reduced by separating the decision of how much to pay from the act of making the payment. Sorry, no. Theora is better than H.26 3 , which YouTube currently uses for compatibility with older Flash players. This does mean that Chris DiBona was wrong, but Theora is still worse than H.26 4 (which YouTube uses for all but the lowest quality clips). http://web.mit.edu/xiphmont/Public/theora/demo7.html Check out the last graph on the page. As they point out, PSNR isn't a 100% unbiased way to compare codecs. However, the graph, made by the theora developers themselves running the bleeding edge encoder on content of their choosing, clearly shows that Theora requires 50% larger files to produce the same PSNR as H.264. I sure hope so, because it's the only way past the current HTML5 video impasse. Has anyone proposed any other plausible reason why Google would buy On2? If they want to be taken seriously they should not make the claim that Theora is as good as H.264 when that is clearly false. Theora is better than H.263, but worse than H.264. http://web.mit.edu/xiphmont/Public/theora/demo7.html Check out the last graph on the page: when measured using PSNR, Theora tweaked to the max is roughly 50% worse than x264's default settings. This argument is ridiculous. Flash is native code and does not run in a sandbox. It already interacts with graphics hardware through numerous other APIs and has the ability to kill your system in innumerable other ways. An API for hardware acceleration of video decoding should be the least of your worries. Furthermore, this argument would apply just as well to WebGL, which gives graphics hardware access directly to Javascript on any website you visit. WebGL is awesome and I believe it can be done safely. I don't know much about QTKit but I think it's entirely plausible that it isn't flexible enough for use in Flash. Flash needs complete control over drawing because videos are integrated with other Flash content (likely rendered at least partially in software), and can be manipulated by ActionScript to produce effects such as 360 degree video: http://www.immersivemedia.com/work/cbc/hockey/index.html That's not what sandboxing means. Flash is in a separate process but not sandboxed. It has full access to the local system. The kind of companies that force their employees to use IE6 will probably welcome the help in preventing their users from watching YouTube videos. >The legal system is there to figure out if a patent is absurd If the legal system was free and fast, you would have a point. However, the legal system is expensive and slow. A system where a patent as clearly absurd as this one can survive to the point of requiring a legal challenge to be overturned is simply unacceptable. I agree. The patent system is too slow. I'm not sure what your point is, because that only seems to support the argument that the current system of software patents is absurd. Despite the slowness and expense of the review process, crap like this gets through all the time, then requiring an even slower and even more expensive legal challenge. Is that really true? Seems to me like the monetary awards in copyright cases these days have very little to do with actual damages; see the recent P2P filesharing cases where the damages were over a million dollars for a double-digit number of files shared. Yet another link that's broken on the iPhone due to a botched mobile site implementation. When will they learn? Here's hoping the new API allows muting audio in background tabs/windows. Edit: It does! https://wiki.mozilla.org/Plugins:PepperAudioAPI "Still"? Flash is not sandboxed today. AFAIK sound wasn't part of NPAPI before and plugins had to use platform APIs, so any sound problems were Flash's fault alone. Even so, Flash is hardly the only program that behaves badly when hotplugging sound devices so you can't really fault them too much. Speaking of Flash problems, another one I want fixed is keyboard focus handling; specifically how keyboard navigation between HTML and Flash is impossible and browser keyboard shortcuts won't work when Flash has focus. Also, finally killing the windowed/windowless mode distinction will also be great. Considering that games are the most popular form of application in the app store (currently 9/10 top grossing and 6/10 top free apps are games), I think the percentage is quite high. With an XBox Live-like framework for achievements and friend leaderboards even single-player games can be social. That clause is Apple's attempt to prevent a flood of low-quality ported apps. Therefore the argument would be that if languages don't matter, Apple's policy is misguided, and if languages do matter, Apple's policy actually makes sense. (Neither position has any connection with the evilness/goodness of said policy). Personally I tend to believe that languages do matter, and therefore Apple's policy makes sense as a way to prevent crappy ported apps, but it's still evil. It's not impossible to produce a great ported app, just more difficult; plus, porting apps isn't the only reason why you might want to run non-Objective-C code. In addition to merging user assemblies, can you include system assemblies and even the runtime itself? I've always wanted to distribute C# apps as a single executable file that didn't depend on any runtime at all. I think there are some products out there that can do this, but last I checked none of them seemed very good. After I stopped laughing (which took quite a while), I noticed that this thing occasionally surfaces some interesting information that I didn't even realize was on the web. If they presented the results in a way that was a bit more coherent, and linked back to their sources, this thing might actually be useful for something other than comedy. This may not solve the problem, as companies like Apple, Microsoft, Adobe, Nokia, etc need to get on board as well. They are likely to continue the same arguments they raised against Theora; most importantly that VP8 is still vulnerable to patent extortion despite being independently developed. It's probably too much to ask for Google to provide indemnification from patent lawsuits, but hopefully they've at least done some work to help assuage these concerns. A 1.5x scale factor would make existing apps look terrible. They will look fine scaled 2x. If they increase the resolution (and they will; the recently leaked prototype is irrefutable proof) they must increase it 2x for this reason alone. The graphics hardware can't push enough pixels to render 60 FPS on a high dpi display of that size. Also, more RAM would be required. More RAM and faster graphics => more expensive with shorter battery life. This 45-minute keynote presentation has pretty much everything you could possibliy want to know about memristors. If you want the 6-minute condensed version instead, try http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvA5r4LtVnc It seems as if memristors have the potential to be very important to the future of computing, but the one question I haven't seen answered yet is endurance. The operation of memristors involves atoms physically migrating back and forth. If memristors wear out like flash memory after a few thousand switchings then the talk of them replacing DRAM is just hot air, and building artificial synapses seems unlikely to work either. For more technical details try this video of a keynote by R. Stanley Williams: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKGhvKyjgLY Submitted as a YC story here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1287576 Yes, and what I'm wondering is if that's a fundamental limitation or if it's something that can be easily improved. The endurance of DRAM is essentially infinite and I have a feeling that's going to be tough to reach with memristors. LLVM's intermediate representation is more low-level than JVM bytecode and provides no safety guarantees, allowing it to be used for any language including C. LLVM does not provide a language runtime, garbage collector, or JIT compiler. In fact, its principal use right now is as the backend of ahead-of-time compilers like GCC and Clang. What LLVM does provide is a bunch of optimizers that operate on LLVM IR, and a bunch of code generators that take LLVM IR and spit out machine code for different CPUs. Traditionally these things have been inseparable parts of a larger monolithic codebase (e.g. GCC). Compiler writers can now reuse LLVM's optimizers and code generators instead of writing their own, and instead focus on the frontend parts where all the interesting language features live. This guy is so wrong; everything he describes is already happening; he just doesn't see it. There was stagnation for a few years which we're still catching up from, but these days we have innovation out the wazoo. Take WebGL as an example: it started as a Firefox developer's side project, and competed for a while with other 3D APIs like Opera's simple 3D and Google's O3D. Then Khronos got involved, a standard got written, WebKit got support, and next year we'll likely have 3D games written in Javascript running on our phones. What part of that process is broken? Seems to me as if it's working perfectly. Apple modified WebKit to support most uses of a:hover by changing how touch interaction works when a :hover style exists on an element. Apple cannot do this with Flash, which means Jobs's argument here is right on the money. Yes, and because Apple controls WebKit they were able to add a workaround to MobileSafari's touch interactions to prevent breakage on sites that use CSS hover menus (give it a try, they work). Will Adobe's mobile Flash have a similar attention to detail in user interaction design? We'll see. There's also the fact that Washington has no state income tax; that's 10% in Seattle's favor that isn't even accounted for (I looked up ACCRA cost of living indices and they are after-tax). Also see Adobe's work on a C-to-ActionScript compiler: http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/alchemy/ I'd love to see an updated version of that benchmark table with scores for V8, Nitro, and TraceMonkey. HP has already fabricated chips with memristors that are smaller, faster, and lower power than Flash. The problem I see is write endurance. They match Flash in this area as well, but that's not good enough. If memristors are to be applied to anything but storage (e.g. DRAM, SRAM, logic, neural nets) they will need to be many orders of magnitude more durable. Give them a little time; the paper was just published last month! Commercial availability is expected in 2013 according to http://www.technologyreview.com/computing/25018/ I've always suspected that traditional ergonomic advice is basically pseudoscience. My favorite thing is those ergonomic brochures using cartoon people with completely unrealistic proportions. Why don't they use actual pictures instead for clarity? More importantly, where are the references to peer-reviewed ergonomic research showing that so-called "correct" posture actually improves outcomes? Where did all this advice come from in the first place? Somebody's mother? Rotating text by generating custom font files with pre-rotated characters and putting each character in a separate absolutely positioned div element is more "practical" than CSS transforms? I find that difficult to believe. Rotating text by generating custom font files with pre-rotated characters and putting each character in a separate absolutely positioned div element is more "practical" than CSS transforms? I find that difficult to believe. IE (including IE6) supports transforms, as you point out yourself. Of course they don't do it in a standards-compliant way, but that's true for their custom font support also. What problems did you run into? Rendering an HTML element to an image isn't inherently slow; Safari does the same to hardware accelerate CSS animations via Core Animation and it's quite fast there. Of course, it's entirely possible IE's implementation is terrible. I'm curious about the other issues you had as well. If it requires an install it will be irrelevant because Flash will support VP8 and is already installed. This is a research platform, not a consumer product! We'll learn to walk first, and then we'll make it look pretty. Pertinent facts from one of their papers: http://www-clmc.usc.edu/publications/K/kalakrishnan-IROS2009... The robot drives its motors at 400 Hz based on control signals coming in at 100 Hz from an external computer. 100 Hz is probably the limit of the sensing system they're using, which is a motion capture system external to the robot. (Notice the reflective marker balls on top of the robot and also on the terrain.) My guess is that's the limiting factor here, though supporting a higher rate would probably also require faster software, and I have no idea what the limb speed/precision limits of the robot are. Don't worry, we're much farther from that than you might think from this video. This robot can't see where it's going. It requires external cameras watching it from known fixed locations to figure out where it is. Not only that, but the cameras cannot look at a piece of terrain and figure out the 3D structure; the terrain must be mapped out in advance as a 3D mesh, down to the millimeter. Perhaps they meant to cap prices at 5 thousand dollars but it turned out to be 5 thousand cents instead? This is exactly the sort of story I hope HN can avoid as it grows in popularity; silly, overblown, and worst of all technically uninteresting. Let your local TV evening news cover this stuff; keep it off HN. E=mc^2 When you submit an item it should start out upvoted by you; otherwise if you don't realize you can upvote your own submission you start at 0 instead of 1. The biggest problem with online advertising is what happens after you click. Every time an extremely specific ad dumps you into a generic landing page or (worse) search results, that tells you "clicking on ads is a waste of my time". Every time an ad makes false promises of any kind ("PS3 for $21.97", "You won a prize", etc), it reduces the effectiveness of all online advertising because it conditions people to mistrust ads. I think the only way to combat this is to have "branded" ads with guaranteed quality. Google AdSense was the first example of branded ads online (that I know of); they had a unique style that indicated "these ads are different". Unfortunately the style was quickly copied. The only solution to the copying problem is to brand ads with a trademark, e.g. "ads by Google". The quality of AdSense ads has deteriorated over time, so "ads by Google" isn't a real indicator of quality any more, but I think the concept is good and there's room for a new "ad brand" that only accepts real quality ads. Ads that are honest, funny, pretty, respectful, and most of all take you somewhere good when you click. Perhaps iAd could be it. Good; I hope Facebook copies more useful features. That's because it is a GPU. It's Larrabee. Intel couldn't get enough graphics performance out of it to compete with GeForce and Radeon in the graphics card market. However, they can still compete in the GPGPU market, where the specialized graphics hardware that GeForce and Radeon have is less of an advantage, and Larrabee's x86 compatibility is actually useful. Intel is afraid that GPGPU is going to encroach on their CPU turf, and this is their answer. I was surprised to find that OS X doesn't come with wget, but it does include curl: curl http://72.18.130.89/hackermonthly-issue1.pdf --header 'HOST: hackermonthly.com' > hackermonthly-issue1.pdf Perhaps instead HN could adopt a Creative Commons license for comment text; that way no permission would be needed, and it seems like the Right Thing anyway. I figured the command line option existed but why bother looking it up in a man page and then memorizing it when > works perfectly? IANAL, but by posting here you necessarily give HN an implicit license to distribute your comment, roughly equivalent to the legal boilerplate you'd find on YouTube or similar ("worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to redistribute, perform," etc). I don't think making it explicit with Creative Commons would be an "imposition". Creative Commons wouldn't give HN or anyone else ownership of your comment. Opt-in wouldn't solve the problem for Hacker Monthly, as few people would bother. Opt-out would be fine. BTW, CC/NC precludes inclusion in Hacker Monthly as it is sold and contains advertisements. Handling binary data in Javascript will soon get a lot better with the new Typed Arrays spec: http://people.mozilla.com/~vladimir/jsvec/TypedArray-spec.ht... It was invented for WebGL but is already being used by the guys doing raw audio APIs and will hopefully see wide adoption wherever binary data is found (2D Canvas, sockets, XMLHttpRequest, Web Workers, storage, local file access). Of course HN can't retroactively relicense existing comments, and that's not what I'm suggesting. An option to install your own apps would dramatically increase piracy, which would harm not just the App Store but developers too. The lesson is clear from the game industry's PC/console battle, which consoles have won in large part due to even tighter restrictions than those imposed by the App Store. It's the age-old battle between retained-mode and immediate-mode graphics APIs. Immediate-mode always wins in the end because every retained-mode system is hiding an immmediate-mode system underneath, and the extra layer between app code and the display ends up slowing things down. SVG isn't going away; in fact it is likely to enjoy a surge in interest and adoption next year when IE9 is released, because for the first time a majority of web browsers will have SVG support. The problem with sunrise is that it changes with the seasons and DST; here in Seattle it's 5 AM in the summer and 8 AM in the winter. Unfortunately my other obligations don't change with it. The screen looks incredible. You know how phone ads often disclaim "screen images simulated"? Now the real screen looks as good as any "simulated" picture: http://www.engadget.com/photos/iphone-4-hands-on-black/#3053... Not only video but also hardware-accelerated CSS animations and 3D transforms. Safari has the most advanced graphics architecture of any browser right now, and all the major browsers are working on catching up. Firefox's plan: http://www.basschouten.com/blog1.php/2010/01/18/layers-cross... IE's plan: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ie/archive/2010/04/09/benefits-of-gp... Opera hasn't publicly announced hardware-accelerated graphics yet, but they are moving to a new codebase that could support it in theory: http://my.opera.com/core/blog/2009/02/04/vega Chrome actually seems like the least far along right now, which seems odd given their focus on performance. Some of the work was done for them by Apple in WebKit, but there's still a lot to be done. Skia is not based on OpenGL and Chrome is not hardware accelerated. http://blog.chromium.org/2008/10/graphics-in-google-chrome.h... Why is dating "small-time"? What other category of website can actually charge subscription fees and still attract a large mainstream user base? I think the system works as designed even in your case. By not accepting loans you haven't proved you will pay them back if you get them; you've simply proved that you don't like loans. You might assert that not taking loans demonstrates some sort of fiscal responsibility, but I'd say the hard data collected by the credit rating companies trumps your anecdotal evidence. Think about it; if someone who hasn't taken loans their whole life suddenly wants a loan, isn't that a bad sign for their fiscal situation? Why shouldn't they have a lower score than someone who has proven they will pay back loans by actually doing it many times? OkCupid has a feature exactly like that; it's called IceBreakers. They have ten or so different ways of introducing people, each with different game-theoretic properties. (QuickMatch ratings are especially interesting). I like the idea. My 2c: Pick one font for content and (possibly) one other font for headings/menus. Different weights count as different fonts. Keep the number of fonts very low. Above all, do not use Comic Sans, ever . The animations are distracting because they last too long; make them snappier. This is a common mistake when designing UI animations; people are afraid that their great animations will go unnoticed if they are too short and make them too long instead. Trust me, we will notice your short animations. Also there is a bug: your animations can't be interrupted, so if you mouse in and out 10 times they will continue flashing long after the mouse has stopped moving. Have you considered using CSS transitions instead of Javascript? Empty space is just as important as text. You have left plenty of horizontal space, but your vertical spacing is inconsistent. The menu at the top needs more vertical space around the links (or perhaps the same space needs a smaller font with increased tracking AKA letter-spacing). The vertical space between items in the right column seems random, with very little space above the RSS link, extra space in the top of the green box and no space at the bottom. The left column has more space under the byline than above the headline which is weird, and there is zero space below the footer. Why don't they support 5GHz for 802.11n? I've worked with display walls before and trust me, even a one-pixel gap between displays is too distracting for any real use. Considering the tiny size of these pixels it would be impossible to get the screens that close together. Actually, I think the screen tech is already there and it's really the terrible scaling support in OSes that is holding things back. Nobody buys high DPI displays because the experience of using one with Windows sucks. If it's true that iOS 4 automatically scales apps while improving text sharpness that will make it far more advanced than both Windows and Mac OS. If you have nothing useful to add to the conversation, please continue to ignore these topics. I can only assume you believe that the DPI controls in OS X and Windows are actually useful, and to that I would say: have you ever actually tried to use them? The iOS DPI controls are the simplest and most straightforward of any contemporary system, which is why they will likely actually work, in contrast to the OS X and Windows DPI controls which have never worked and likely will never work. I call that more advanced. You are confusing resolution and DPI. Windows has been dealing with DPI variance by completely ignoring it since the early 90s, with the result that the physical size of interface elements varies with your screen's DPI, and high DPI displays are impractical. iOS doesn't have the option of ignoring DPI because in a touch interface the physical size of interface elements actually matters. I don't know; people were pretty excited about the AMOLED screen. The excitement was tempered, however, by the fact that it's useless in daylight. Also, people liked the industrial design of the Droid. Take this quote from Engadget's review: "an industrial design straight from a gadget enthusiast's fever-dream"; and this: "they've made a device which is truly lustworthy, even next to the best efforts of Apple, HTC, and Palm." Most people didn't go to school because they worked in agricultural jobs that didn't require education. In 1870 half the country worked on farms [1]; today it's [1] http://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/1981/11/art2full.pdf [2] http://www.csrees.usda.gov/qlinks/extension.html Same-day convenience. Also, won't the market be flooded as soon as iPhone 4 is released? Don't forget: GPS, accelerometer, gyroscope, microphone, second microphone, still/video camera, second still/video camera, flash/light, touchscreen, proximity sensor, light sensor, and to top it all off an internal battery with a minimum life of 6 hours. Unlawful provisions aren't the only problem; what about selective enforcement? When everyone is a lawbreaker selective enforcement gives law enforcement tremendous power beyond what's written in the law. A similar situation applies to contracts, and contracts for software and services are so impenetrable these days that you're bound to be violating something or other just in everyday use. Circumventing access controls should not be illegal. The DMCA has shown us why this is a bad idea. If circumventing access controls leads to a real crime, then prosecute that crime instead. For an analogy to the real world, think about lockpicking. Lockpicking should be legal. Picking locks isn't the real crime; it's theft, trespassing, destruction of property, etc. that we should prosecute. In this case users authorized Power Ventures to access their Facebook accounts (in exactly the same way users authorize Facebook to access their GMail/Hotmail/etc. accounts), so no actual crime was committed after circumventing the access controls. Why do browsers have such ridiculously low default cache limits? Desktop browsers do the same thing; Firefox's default cache size is 50 MB. That's 0.01% of my available storage. I'd be more than happy to devote a whole 1% of my storage to speeding up web browsing, which is after all the primary activity most people perform on a computer these days. That would give a cache size of ~150 MB on an iPhone and 5 GB on my desktop. Meh. There's no reason the using the iPhone/iPad app should cost money. The subscription should get you back seasons, not just back episodes from the current season. The media companies are afraid of losing their DVD revenues, but if they don't loosen up they may just end up driving more people to illegal sites. "Despite all the evidence that C is quite alright for many applications, and that no, the world doesn't end because of its use" The world only doesn't end because people are so used to the terrible security record of C apps that they don't even blink when new remote code execution vulnerabilities are found daily. Perhaps someday we'll realize it doesn't have to be this way. Also, of course the Boehm GC isn't very good. It's ancient and in no way representative of the latest technology in garbage collection. GC can only really be good when it's integrated with the language. A precise generational collector would perform far better but wouldn't be so easy to drop into a C codebase. GC isn't required to be safe, and it doesn't guarantee safety, but it does makes safety a whole lot more likely. Boehm is the best garbage collector given its constraints, but that doesn't make it a good garbage collector overall, or even one worth using. I agree that good GC requires language support; what I disagree with is the attitude that people should use C anyway and forget GC because Boehm isn't good. I tried looking for the Kin app on Facebook and found nothing. Do you have a link? It's not a replacement for PayPal, it's a supplement to AdSense. Interesting presentation on the topic of designing games into everyday life: http://g4tv.com/videos/44277/DICE-2010-Design-Outside-the-Bo... Skip to 17:30 for the most relevant part (but the whole thing is interesting) If it's based on iOS, it will probably have an App Store. People will want to make games for it, but infrared remote control input will make for frustrating controls. Is that what this thing is for? http://www.engadget.com/2010/06/07/apples-magic-trackpad-rev... They're working on fixing this the Right Way and right now it's on the list for Firefox 4: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=562258 Because distributing software built for traditional desktop OSes sucks. Installing trusted code for your desktop OS is the past; on-demand caching of sandboxed code on the Web is the present and future. The success of the web browser as an app platform has little to do with HTML and Javascript as languages (though they have been a decent base to build on). The web has been successful because of the browser's sandbox and HTTP's mostly stateless and cacheable distribution model, which are incredibly valuable app deployment tools that traditional OSes simply don't have. Wouldn't 700 nm antennas would be easy to make? We've been fabricating features smaller than that on silicon wafers since 1994 (according to Wikipedia). I find dragging the scrollbar thumb almost the least effective way to scroll (second only to clicking the up/down arrows), and I'm a big fan of the auto-loading. Browsers really ought to wait until you stop dragging to change the range of the scrollbar. Apple already got plenty of flak for leaving out features like wallpapers in the name of performance; if they hadn't released iOS4 for the 3G at all they would have been crucified by the same people. Releasing the update and telling people not to install it would also have been a dumb idea. The only thing they can reasonably do is allow downgrades back to 3, or improve performance in 4.1. Chrome's pace of major version releases is already faster than any other desktop software I'm aware of, but I'm glad they're not stopping there. Other projects should learn from Chrome: remove all user interaction from your automatic update process and you can release new versions as often as you want. Since the introduction of automatic transmissions many people haven't been learning how to shift a manual transmission. These people aren't necessarily worse drivers. Aww, it installs its own copy of the iOS SDK, so you can't use it with the iOS 4.1 beta yet. What's crazy is expecting the user to manage codecs. Do you really want to have to explain to your parents the performance, compatibility, and most of all security implications of various codecs websites ask them to install? Let the browser developers do that work. Users can have ffvp8 in 6 weeks when Chrome's new release process cycles again; I think that's plenty fast. > Building a codec into the browser doesn't get you out of having to explain to your parents how to get codecs on their system. Yes it does; I don't have to explain how to install codecs because my parents don't download videos, because all the videos they want to watch are embedded in web pages (today via Flash, tomorrow HTML5). Supposing they did want to download a video file for some reason, then ideally the browser's video player would be just as nice as the OS one, and the browser would take over that duty. That hasn't happened yet, but it will, and the end of that road is Chrome OS. The desktop OS with trusted native apps installed on a local filesystem is becoming obsolete. The future is sandboxed apps cached via HTTP. This is a pet peeve of mine: when arguing about whether something should be legal, its current legality is irrelevant. Pointing out how illegal, unlicensed, etc these places are does not work as an argument against legalizing them, or as an argument for making them "more illegal". Stick to the factual arguments about crime, taxes, etc, because that's what the decision should be based on. Doesn't Spotify have a lot of free options? This is just another subscription music service. What makes Rdio better than last.fm subscriptions, Pandora One, Zune Pass, Napster, and Rhapsody? Whaaa? Either the NYTimes is completely wrong about what this agreement entails, or Google has a lot of explaining to do.