Addendum: essentially looking for operating costs as percentage of revenue both before and after contracting B2B services. Best of luck! If things look grim, don't give in. Could they have passed 8th grade in 1995? Doubtful: * Advances in Science * More (and more widely varied) history * Different economic and political regimes * Speaking a foreign language * Algebra II * Books (easily 90% drivel) which pass for great literature these days Hard to compare when full information is not available. What is NIST standard for a bushel of wheat? What about rate of compounding at a bank (was that 10% apr or 10% per minute)? This likely would be an easy test for most with today's level of education after a day of remedial education that covers the basics of this test. This is an advertisement. I've actually found Numpy/SciPy to have a lot of trouble in basic maximization routines as compared with Matlab. I took a two-year break in the early 2000's from technology in general by living in a very impoverished nation--it simply wasn't available to 99% of the population where I was. Before I left, I was all about piracy. I thought it was awesome, and I hoped kazaa, audiogalaxy, and others would be around in the mean time. After getting back, piracy seemed so trivial and pointless--most things I was interested in pirating before leaving was media of some sort, and this media no longer interested me. BitTorrent was relatively new, and so I never really used it for pirating (just to get Linux iso's). In regard to the OP, I guess I do neither? Hahahahaha. This cracked me up. That 8th grade exam was difficult, no? I have a friend in Apple's data mining group who told me they use Numpy/SciPy exclusively for their programming. I was surprised. My experience has not been all that great either. But it's fun to tinker. \begin[possibly failing]{humor} Alright! Apple did something wrong! Took PCWorld long enough to bring it to our attention. I mean, what, didn't the MacBook Air come out yesterday? And it can't perform well as items already on the market? \end{humor} Because the resources are now dedicated to SEO? Yaye for libertarianism! Oh wait, these things are a net-negative for society and those involved. Never mind, argument is null. Agreed This meets your fancy? http://lpg.ticalc.org/prj_tiemu/ I don't--I just googled "TI92 Emulator" or something to that effect, and this was the first result--and surprisingly nonspammed. Here are some places I would immediately look--you most likely have come across some or all of these. I suspect some of the smaller proprietary products teams may be more accessible in interviewing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_computer_algebra_... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical_analysis_soft... R is sweet. Octave has its ups and downs--I'm thinking Numpy/SciPy/Matlibplot may be a better route for my own personal computing (still learning though)--especially since Python has bindings practically for everything. I agree that Sage still needs work (the 100+ bugs submitted daily to the RSS support feed says so!) but it works really well. Sage install for Ubuntu is very straightforward--they even provide the command to unpack. If you've programmed in Python, or even better Fortran or C, the installation is mostly trivial. Nontrivial is compiling from source, however :-). Sage does more than Mathematica, as I understand it. It can be used as a replacement for Matlab, R, etc. I got informed of it by friend who is an applied mathematician by day and a .Net guru by night. Wikipedia has a decent writeup at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagemath Octave does not have a pre-packaged optimization routine or a usable toolbox of which I am aware, and I find GnuPlot abysmal (but this is likely due to my lack of experience with it). These are probably easily corrected. But solutions already exist within the FLOSS community with other packages such as Sage (and, of course, Numpy and the rest)--reinventing the wheel is something few have time for! :-) This is a big reason I like Sage: it is designed like the Borg in that it uses bindings to connect into other software (both proprietary and open source). Yes! Star Trek reference and SageMath in the same sentence. It is a good night. No. The government cannot make law restricting the freedom of speech. But legally signing away your freedom of speech is an enforceable contract. It has nothing to do with "bringing in the government, ERGO freedom of speech". That is not the way litigation works. Yes, I can. I was employed by such a company and laid off when I made a stink. There is no legal "law" of such: it's an economic reality, however. I don't know how to downvote. I thought the Greeks were painting in very vivid colors? http://io9.com/5616498/ultraviolet-light-reveals-how-ancient... The concept was good, but overwhelmed by typos. Those that downvoted: was this too critical? Is it a mistake to be concerned with the quality of posts? I'm still new to HN and learning the culture: please forgive any trespass or offense I may have caused. The power of Google: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/Chrome/thread?tid=2bb3... Thanks. Why do you suppose this is required for encrypted.google, but not for, say, JSTOR.com? This is quite similar to the setup in Daniel Suarez's novel, but with updated tech. Agreed. Awesomeness. Really just wondering if this has the potential to keep out recruiting riff-raff, and serve as a platform for better Web 2.0 job postings. Thoughts? Kudos for keeping locational variety. Is there a flag/keyword we can enter into the search to ignore location? Agreed Interesting. Do you think we will see micro-VC's start up, like Prosper or Kickstart for startups? Bwahahahah! Thumbs up! Will look into it. I have experience with python, matlab/octave, R, and an itsy bitsy amount of C#/SQL/Java from another life (figuratively). Can OpenCL be implemented on systems which do not support CUDA? I have a relatively inexpensive HP bought about 3 years ago that, well, just won't run CUDA even with an nvidia card :-) What typically keeps a person with average wealth from investing in venture capital? Another part of it is that cable companies/telcos already provide content for a fee that many content providers provide on the internets for free. Hence, content providers cut into their supposed bottom-line. Content providers piggy-back on the ISPs in markets within which the ISP has already entered: one would expect the ISP, as a local monopoly, to exercise market power to force exit of the content providers. Time for the content providers (Google, HN) to invest in ISPs? Fair enough. How would you recommend getting this idea to people who have enough credibility to do something about it? I do not have the capability to attend SF mixers :-) Apologies for the typos. A mob mind is rarely well-informed. I call BS on your BS call. Releasing something like this puts it into the public domain. Unless the FBI has a contract already in place, payment is not ensured. Getting government rents must be very nice. Cebuano Boholanon Winary English Perhaps encouraging people to unplug and go for a walk in the park? >The fact that there's so many variables isn't the reason such an analysis would fail. The reason is that there's just not enough input to predict personality type with any statistical significance. Isn't this the whole idea of factor analysis/singular variable decomposition? Yes, but can they _replicate_? If so, we're doomed! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_goo I comment more than I should, and soak up an enormous amount of intellectual capital I now employ. Thanks, great minds! "One of us tells the truth, and one of us always lies." I disagree, politely, that most HN readers find no issues with writing style. I base this on a subsample of one and extrapolate. wink wink Seriously though, HN isn't Reddit or Digg. I feel a little class and care can reasonably be expected from the informed commentator. Background? What is all this? I created this tutorial to help technically-savvy scientific programmers (but not necessarily full-on programmers) to install PyCUDA on Ubuntu 10.10. It probably cannot suit all needs, but I felt my roadblocks were common enough (and the limit of my knowledge familiar enough) to warrant a gathering of disjunct information into a small tutorial. I'm not looking to turn into a professional tutorial by any means. I'm really just wanting to see if there are questions from hackers at my level, not Linux, Ubuntu, Python, or CUDA sages :-) Thanks HN! I humbly submit this as the best browser ever invented. Now if only grooveshark or other music utilities worked with it. Or even Facebook :-) I am probably echoing many when I say: Great job! How can we rate individual books? Wait... he complains on his post about not submitting his blog posts to the community.. which then gets submitted to the community and upvoted (albeit probably not by him). Does that sum it up? Agreed completely. Did you read the linked article? I like it. But this is more of a business and economic rule, no? In response to ha-hn: The intent to this post is not to create mathematical elitism, but to highlight an important mathematical concept that comes up in programming--and many programmers may work with or around it without realizing it. As I understand it, this concept is used in: * Compression Algorithms * Signal Analysis * Pagerank * Factor Analysis * Animation (especially when considering more than 3 points of information for each vector) * Clustering in Machine Learning * Noise reduction in DSP * Match.com's dating algorithm * Principal Component analysis * Image scaling * Control theory I know it has been used in many more applications beyond this list. I'm sorry you feel a smack of mathematical elitism. The concepts here are not inherently difficult, just a little complex. Here is a great resource to learn more: http://www.puffinwarellc.com/index.php/news-and-articles/art... Because these are among the most important mathematical concepts a programmer needs to understand--not "almost" the most important :-) As with other comments, I agree the tone is self-defeating. When did we forget the difference between problems and conditions? Problems are things with solutions within our power. Conditions are things without solutions within our power. I feel the author could benefit greatly by learning how to determine what could be solved with one's own effort--and an employer stealing life away is solvable, IMHO, in numerous ways. Also, this piece could be an argument for automation. If the employer is stealing your life, would you not be happier having a machine do your job, giving you the freedom to live your life? Theft of labor resources, if you're salary non-exempt and reading HN is not in your job description :-) The quick, easy, and non-communist way to do this is to have the opportunity for employees to become shareholders through purchase of premium stock and bonds. This solves the moral hazard problem quite well. A few points: HN is not amero-centric "The American Dream BS" is not correctly stated in the original piece, thus cannot be the "BS" cannot be what HN folks want to follow * Anyone can make it if they choose to. Not everyone succeeds on the first try, but the odds are with the person who chooses to learn from mistakes and try better the next time. * Success is ill-defined when one makes money and prestige the only inputs. As an example of what one small subset of the world thinks, view the third quotation here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._McKay#Quotations If anyone at Netflix is listening: BUY FIREFLY AND MAKE NEW EPISODES. I would gladly play an extra $4 a month (or more) on top of streaming just for access to new weekly/biweekly episodes of that. I guess grad school really is a bubble. I had no idea they canceled SG:U. What's this Sarah Conner Chronicles I'm hearing about? I agree, Netflix should just buy SyFy from NBC and revamp it. But where would they show movies akin to Sharktopus? Poor Digg staff. I hear Reddit is hiring engineers... Will this be better than Python? I'm still a programming tinkerer so I don't have enough knowledge to evaluate. Well good! I enjoy Digg and would hate to see it go down like the article implies. Why the downvote/flag? Did I say something offensive here? I really am curious. I was unaware Cw was as old as it is when I first posted this. I originally got a 404 error and thought it was some kind of prank. what do you mean, email@domain.com +hn? Unions are great when the group supported is homogeneous. Otherwise, in my opinion alone, they are pretty inefficient to the functioning of the firm. I don't say that people shouldn't have the right to collectively bargain. I just worry about the right balance of power between right-to-work and union extremes. Did anyone else get a huge Web of Trust warning from this site? I'm very confused as to why my previous comment got downvoted. HN confuses me occasionally. Is it because I use WOT? Or because I brought attention to an issue with the site? Or "playas b hatin"? Also cdevroe, here is the WOT rating--my guess is someone didn't like a post or two: http://www.mywot.com/en/scorecard/cdevroe.com That's way cool! Am I the only one who thinks that Windows, with malware, worms, and trojans, are more akin to the zerg? Whereas Linux, with its post-humanism, is akin to Terrans? I read the name of this, and thought "Mal Odor... oh dear." That being said, this is like a Mac version of Wine for Linux? If so, cool. Another excellent idea: make it a regression: Wage = a + b years experience + c title + d language coded + ... [a b c d ...] = ([array.T array]^(-1) array.T wage thus people can figure out for themselves where they should be! :-) So what's failing then? Almost ready for primetime. Keep up the good work Google. You might like Gnumeric. It has almost all the functionality of Excel 2003. Pr(download is malicious)*Pr(block random download uniformly out of 14 downloads for each server, because timing 14 individual downloads across the entire Internet is ludicrous) = 1/196 Please get on this Grooveshark. I run Linux and your client runs so slowly. A thousand pardons-13/30! How does this compare with Coderoom? A good reason for a Linux guest on VBox, I spose. Nice! Where's the rest? I've programmed now for 5 years, and I find C hard. But then, I've mainly programmed in C# and Python. Yes. I found it useful maybe 70% of the time--more than most texts. The critical factor, IMHO, is clarity and conciseness of writing. Zed does a good job with this (I didn't know his name until this thread, BTW). What is a capacitive button? EDIT: Oh, I see now. They are buttons that respond to electric impulse from the fingers on touchscreens. The solution the author seems to be seeking is: everyone should use the old Nokia bricks? I find this true in many PhD fields (and their relative measures of success) Does anyone else think the guy looks a little like Hitler? Perhaps a different nose... Just saying. It's hard to tell what exactly I see with 8bit sprites! :-) What? Gmail redesigned? I use a desktop client, so I never really focus on the webside. Does no one use ScribTeX? Check it out: http://www.scribtex.com/ How does it compare to open-source Matlab alternatives such as Gnu/Octave? Fair point. Here is a link to my cv: http://tinyurl.com/vitatomrod I don't know you, but I feel similarly. I think ambition drives us to stay up late and arise early. It's not a common trait in mankind I'm finding. This may be silly, but are you keeping up with the basics? Do you make time to exercise? To write down your day in a journal? To recreate somehow daily? Simple things like this I've found are essential for my personal mental well-being. Another point a prof taught me--take time to celebrate small accomplishments. Fix a particularly nasty bug? Go for a short walk, or shoot some hoops in the hallway trashcan. That way you aren't deluded with problems like a bad day of rain. Good luck, friend. Thanks for that debacle. As I have the "year" to beef up various weak points of my cv, what would you suggest? Classes or a project that use scientific computing? Learn Hadoop? By deluded, I meant inundated! I don't think Adobe understands the concept of "substitution"--namely, that for most things, HTML5 seems to far outweigh Adobe's inferior Flash. So charging for Flash may prove to be a bone-headed move. This being said, what better way to force a spin-off than to totally wreck that side of the business' pricing? You sir, are the best hybrid of geek and reddit. Have an upboat. Shame the name is trademarked. Wow, tons of downvotes. There goes 6 months of hard work. Bad way to start a day. I've always liked Matlab's distinction between a function and a script. (Aye, many would call Matlab a scripting language). Simply put, a function can map arbitrarily, and a script has the mapping and parameters provided! At least, that's when you get into the scientific computing paradigm, as I understand it. This confuses me. There seem to be certain personality traits associated with gender beyond standard stereotypes. Why is it a bad thing for a manager/owner to employ specific talents or personality traits in accomplishing an objective?Gender is just one component that makes a person who they are, and is observable. This is not an argument in favor of disparity of wages, but rather an argument in favor of disparity of deployment based on expected performance conditional on known attributes. Love it. Best show ever. This is so exciting to me. The inner economist in me wants this to work so badly. Well, I'm a math-y overtrained guy who just loves tech as a passionate hobby, and I found HN. I love the community here, and the new things I learn. I hope to never have to work where only people like me are employed. shudder . Bummer. My install failed. Sad. I've used Linux ever since Windows Vista drivers prevented me from making programs full screen without crashing the OS. That was when I said enough. I started with Ubuntu, but the updates always break on me. So now I'm giving a Debian a go. I'm amazed how much like Ubuntu 8.04-9.10 it is--the Gnome 2 desktop is nice and simple. That's unfortunately an option Canonical has taken away from its distro. I love the comment on here: "I do believe that there is real value in pursuing functional programming, but it would be irresponsible to exhort everyone to abandon their C++ compilers and start coding in Lisp, Haskell, or, to be blunt, any other fringe language. To the eternal chagrin of language designers, there are plenty of externalities that can overwhelm the benefits of a language, and game development has more than most fields." Ah reality. You're why we can't keep nice growth patterns. I've never used android--is it difficult then? Time to short the stock? It all depends on the elasticity of consumption. #5 isn't so much a sign as it is common sense, I think. Because the training of the reviewers doesn't cover those cases. Apple is no startup! Strange. I could see implementations not being patentable, but the creation of a programming language could and should be copyrightable as a whole, not as individual pieces. Python is usable, whereas LolCats exists mainly as expression. But I'm not a programmer--what do y'all think? Hah! I agree with what you're saying. Does my point make sense? some clarification here: I'm saying copyright the entire item, which to me means the syntax. The implementation ought not to be patentable due to prior art. I mean, Lovelace, Church, Turing, Gauss and Euclid have never been paid royalties for building the foundation on which computing lies. Why should Oracle be thus complicated. Rule 34 there? I was going to mention this. It seemed like the management at Inktomi let it fall once the engineers started using Google search engines. Their response is a likely bellweather of the attitude of the time. A butterfly flapping its wings in Sweden makes the MPAA skittish too, unfortunately. I disagree, but only based on personal observation. Publishers clearly love apps--hence the reason when I go to nearly any newspaper from the NYT to small town USA news asks me to add their iPad apps. Thanks for letting us know. I really like rms, even if I don't agree with his every position. Here's to hoping he gets into good health soon. I see this as costing the blogger more than the $10K, in the long run. What a shame. On one hand I feel some compassion for the onerous regulations and malpractice issues that require medical practitioners to pay for very expensive legal requirements. On the other hand, they should follow their own policies without complaint! Wow. I'm a numpy aficionado and connoisseur.. I'm sad to say I really don't understand most of whats going on in this code... This is cool. And terrifying. Most people I know block ads on Facebook. It's hard to sell a product (eyeballs) when the eyeballs circumvent the tech! I'm not really all that impressed. It needs to widen the search area to a few km and drop the profanity. Agreed, but it performs a decent service. Example is coming from Prosper.com data. In addition to the XML, an XML to CSV jar converter is provided. The size after conversion is 3x that of the original XML--which just seems odd to me. meant to put 2x here, not 3x. I came across the same thing. Ouch! This is great! I've been wanting to try virtualenv for awhile based on the good things I've heard. Here's to the developers keeping it modern. This is really what I signed on to add. This paper really adds nothing to what is already known in various other fields. Perhaps its new to the authors' field however? I'm not a Computer Scientist so I'm not sure. (Full Disclosure: {Applied Games in Economics} \in {What I do}) In all reality, one of the best places to start is Wikipedia. The sources quoted in the game theory articles are fantastic. Also, "Game Theory" by Fudenberg and Tirole of you're mathy, or Gibbons if you're wanting a fairly awesome introduction: http://www.amazon.com/Game-Theory-Applied-Economists-ebook/d... There are also a lot of blogs on algorithmic (computational) game theory if that is of interest to you. Unless you run elinks or IE... Man, I love hearing the nitty-gritty security details. More like this, please! I logged on to say exactly this. If for a product, the benefit is overwhelmed by the cost, then the user is irrational to use such a product. Email is _difficult_ to share things appropriately. A hybrid client, like gmail, is IMHO much better. I'm not familiar with the specifics of ARM devices. Why couldn't one come later and install Linux+variant of Grub to detect the MBR after the Windows install? I'm made quite the cluster out of hacked PS3s. Isn't that in the spirit of Hacker News, anyway? Cool. So what does this mean it can do? Run iPhone OS apps? US-Mexican War, US-Spanish war. US came out far ahead in bt cases, iirc. Argh! The caption in this article makes a grammatical mistake that is a pet peeve of mine. I cringe every time I read or hear it! An example: "Not all the donuts are eaten." "All the donuts are not eaten." Assume some donuts have been eaten. Which is correct? As I understand English, the first is logically correct, but the second is typically used. I apologize now to all of you who have never noticed this before, as it may haunt you now for the rest of your lives. Imagine a world where OLED screens can be worn or even tatooed to the skin, powered by kinetic motion? It's a brave new world, aye! The tm is "multi-sided market" in the economics literature. We're only beginning to figure them out. This is almost the contrapositive to "it's not a bug, it's a feature!" And thus I feel compelled to start a discussion of the German zeitgeist in the mid 1930s, thus causing myself to bring about Godwin's law. This is why I stick to my *nix boxes. I wonder if the outrage at this particular practice will fuel politicians? It's beautiful that way. Hey, we newbs can contribute SOMETHING--namely useful content for other newbs (that rises above the noise). Newbs have to learn somewhere, and if experts aren't contributing, then to whom do we turn? I'm surprised to see the above comment got downvoted. Do people think that excited acolytes contribute nothing? I think that point was made in the article--they wore kilts, not pants, before Europeans. I assume it was strictly donation at this point. If I were to design something like this (actually not that far off from a nonprofit I had in mind years ago), I would offer a freemium model: basic classes for free, more advanced classes for a fee. Me too! :D I loved those books. Sorry to hear about his passing. RIP. North Texas appears to be up. We still have "inventor" and "tinkerer" Why not open a new page, and delete all content (but a link to the new page) off the old page? Indeed! If I could say anything to the Gnome3team: "I used gnome 3 shell for 6 months until I could no longer stand it. Please please, Gnome team, go back to Gnome2 or Mate. The desktop really doesn't need reinventing. You're solving fixed problems!" Unfortunately, I don't know how well the open source adopts the philosophical concept of sunk costs. It's a fair question. It has to do with the amount of community support momentum Gnome has (which Mate has yet to achieve). I was hugely impressed with Gnome2 when I first came to Linux. I've only found OpenBox to be as useful for me. My worry is that Mate will go the way of some of the other interesting desktop innovations like FluxBox--fragmented and disorganized. So why not start a whole new project, instead of dumping the most successful of previous projects? > At best it's more of a "it's not as bad as everyone says". This is the camp I fall in. It's not that I don't mind the new, improved, eye-candy-focused drive of Unity and Gnome3. But why abandon the products that worked to begin with? Oh the irony. I get a 503 error. Make that a 504. This is a side topic related (so sorry for the threadjack!): Does anyone else think TL;DR is a terrible replacement for "Abriged:" or "Summary:"? This. US culture on the whole is overly sensitive to criticism in my view. If someone criticizes another, the typical response is to give a "No way, you're judging my unchangeable characteristics!" rather than "Hey, let me think if this has any merit." Mountains from molehills, methinks. I think the blog author did a great job handling the ad hominems though. Maybe I just don't code enough. I see little advantage to vim or emacs over, say, gedit or kate. What am I missing (besides a need for esoteric hotkeys)? One could argue that if the expected payoff from LIBOR to cities wasn't so high, then the cities would have invested elsewhere--perhaps in more efficient systems to save money, for one. If true: that sucks If false: the money has to be paid back, with interest. So a cash loss for the bank. Esoteric: Intended for or likely to be understood by only a small number of people with a specialized knowledge or interest. I think the body of knowledge regarding vi(m) hotkeys would fall under this definition when considering the entire world. I mean no ill will by the description. Whatever he wants it to mean, apparently. I would reckon any Disney movies would fall under this, but not the Linux kernel. Unless we want to go really old school, before copyrights were filed. But "traditional" may not take that long to apply, I guess? Yes, your referenced link WAS a general comment regarding mobi and epub, which has evolved a lot in the last two years. I imagine this book, since it's from CUP, will be available as a Kindle purchase if not now then very soon. I've been purchasing textbooks for the Kindle for awhile now. My only complaint is typically the equations are included as images, so they can be very small. How I wish MathML were a standard for academic publishing. Poison Ivy/Oak: DOS of the TP world. Everything I had in my mouth is now on my screen. Thanks for a great laugh. Unique on Google I would see as sufficient, but not necessary. But, as was commented earlier, don't name & spell your project after something extremely common (e.g. Rastafarian). Given that, Python seems to have done remarkably well given these constraints. Having a superior project speaks volumes, apparently. > Companies prosper or fail because of their product, not their name. Consider Amazon. It outshines competitors in e-commerce, even though one rival -- Buy.com -- owns the perfect name for online shopping. While true, I would hesitate investing with a group called "Bernie Madoff Groupies" or purchasing a DVD from an Ebay company called "KnockOff". Wow--I didn't even consider that. Now I completely agree with the point. Language is lost on me sometimes. > This assumes that there's some large group of people using Google (or Bing, or Blekko, etc) to find pirated media. Ahem: "intitle:"index.of"(mpg(avi)wmv) (words you're looking for) -html -htm -php -asp -jsp Would this be affected by the new policy? I don't know. I was shown this by a modern young-un--didn't know it myself. As a recent neophyte, I will use my anecdotal data of size 1 to hazard an answer. I believe once syntax has become relatively understood is when a programmer should start mapping (mentally or on paper) the steps they need to successfully complete a program. >What pushed me to quitting wasn't any sudden realization, but just a slow-building frustration with the whole idea of MMORPGs Same thing built up with Minecraft for me. What a lost amount of time :/. So fun at the time, but there is only so many Legos I can afford to spend time on. Apt comparison. I agree. I've been very impressed with the gambles and payoffs YC has made. GPL issues, maybe? Would it be possible to make a MathML writer that typesets? Interesting to see this and the "Death of the Linux Desktop" posts both on the front page. Are there heated opinions on the issue here? It isn't yet, but for the basics it may well be usable. Only 1 out of the hundreds of TeX users I know use TeX specifically for math typesetting. I'm unfortunately not able to contribute at this time in that community, but I'd be the second if I had the available time. Indeed. I've also become converted (finally) to Unity on a single screen. Still have a hard time with multiple moniters, but whatever. > most choose to write LaTeX by hand now! Really? I haven't come across that. Cool, if so. I think the explanation is thorough. Is it intended to be a full and complete explanation, or an introduction? As an introduction it'd be very poor--it would probably be too encyclopedic as an introduction. You're the first I've heard say this. Would you mind passing a link along? I like this. Anyone feel like extending this to Numpy? I tend to use the Matlab/Numpy conversion page all the time. >"Silence. Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself; avoid trifling conversation." I disagree with this one. Small talk can lead to big happenings, and have many times in my life. That being said, I'd modify it to: Focus. Avoid multitasking so as to not do multiple things poorly.