> The one thing that I've come to realize is that we're losing. The web is now closed. Owned by Facebook and Twitter for the most part. Nah.. They're both losing users. The problem with "modern" internet is, that there's more and more people using it, and that makes the numbers 'weird'. The number of IRC users is probably higher than it was in the late 1990s/early 2000s. But back then only geeks used internet, and only they were on irc.. and now.. a lot of them are still there, just that now there is a bunch of of other people on facebook. As we've seen with myspace, digg, etc., and as we're seeing with tumblr and also facebook now, younger, more tech-savy users have no issues with changing platforms.. from facebook to tumblr to snapchat to instagram to SomethingNew(TM). One "bad" turn of events, one company that doesn't want to sell to facebook, and the "owned by" sentance will be completely different in a couple of years. Yep, it just takes a "NewHotApp(TM)" for the kids to migrate to there, forget about their facebook accounts, and their parents will follow in a couple of years. Considering most younger people don't actively use facebook anymore, their (facebooks) only chance is to buy the NewHowApp company every couple of years (khm.. instagram.. khm,... whatsapp..) But knowing the flaw makes it insecure. Nah, all the old services are still out there and still work. You can still use irc, you can still set up your own mail and web server. There are even new alternatives, from tor to other hidden/dark/free...nets. But people are too lazy, and find the "just use the largest corporate platform" very convenient, especially if it's "free". edit: ...which is a problems, since also your viewers only use that "one big" platform, and don't check elsewhere. This works in a non monopolized system. If you live in a large city with many different stores, and you get banned for one of them for wearing a blue shirt, that doesn't matter too much. If you live in a remote city with one wallmart and no other stores, and wallmart bans you, that's a problem. Yes, there are alternatives, but 97% of the market is definitely a monopoly. The problem isn't you and me, the problem is "the most". In my time, we all hung out on IRC (well, some still do, but mostly for technical stuff). But IRC was like ARP and IP, you needed to set some parameters, enter a server address (that you had to look up in a paper magazone or had to ask a friend for it), you had to join a channel, that you had to find first (listing all channels was useless on larger ircnets), and then you could chat. ...and you had to be online to receive messages, which was a problem back then with dialup connections. Then came "social networks" (myspace, facebook,...), where all you needed to know was "myspace.com", and they offered objectively "more" than irc (chat messages were recorded even if you were offline, photos, profile pages,...), and people started using those. So if you wanted to chat with friends, you had to make an account there. And most people slowly migrated to myspace, and then facebook, and so on. Anyone can build a website, set up video streaming, buy virtual machines for video hosting, etc. But if "all of your friends" (97%(?) of video watchers) open up youtube, and search for videos there, and your video is not there, it's the same if you were alone on an empty irc channel with two other users on the irc server. Youtube is not a chat app, where you have 10 alternatives (whatsapp, viber, wechat, fb , telegram, signal,...), but it's the site where most users search for videos, and if eg. wallmart had such a monopoly as youtube does, if they decide not to sell your products, you're basically fu ked. This is not something a kid learning basic html/js can do easily, since he probably uses windows, and doesn't even know how to navigate in the command prompt. The "click on the html file on the desktop" just works(TM) But.. it's the only thing we have. Until some "pgp alternative" for signing and encrypting emails comes along, and is adopted by "most" email clients, it's the best thing we've got, even if it's "bad". So they can tax (the profits, price difference) when they sell it. This is easily fixed by governments doing their jobs. In this case, FAA (or whoever the regulator is) should verify if the "minor change" is a new coffee machine on board, or has the engine been moved. And then, progressively larger fines (comparative to potential damage caused in the event of failure) to offset the "savings" by misdeclaring the scope of changes. Not everywhere. In Slovenia (and some other countries probably), we have a "zunajzakonska skupnost", which rougly translated means "out-of-wedlock relationship". If two people live together for a (undefined) "long" amount of time, and act in a way married couple do, they can be treated exactly as a married couple would be. That means, that one of the partners can claim they lived together in an "zunajzakonska skupnost", and everything acquired during the relationship canbe treated the same as with marriage, and split in half (unless someone proves they contributed significantly more,...). The existance of "zunajzakonska skupnost" iz not well defined and has to be decided in court, but it can bring many many problems. We also have only recently legalized prenups. Oh, and living wills are very very limited too. ..so yeah... > However, in principle, I agree with the idea of having a cashless economy, so that government has data to see who is lying in their tax returns. This is really bad, because it prevents any kind of privacy. Want to buy a huge dildo from HugeDildos Inc.? Now you can just pay with cash. With cashless economies, you will now have their company name on your bank statements. And this is just a stupid example. What do you do in a case where you have legalized Marijuana at a state level and illegal at federal level (like in us). You can sell it in your state, but you cannot get a bank account. And what happens if there's a blackout? How do you buy food? Here, only one has to claim it, but they have to prove it in court. Usually this is usually done by proving they lived together, bought things together, etc. and if there were other elements of a relationship. I have no idea what happens if two non-romantic roomates buy a couch together, and one of them moves out though. I'm not saying it's easy... I'm just saying that the parts of the government, that should be controlling this, are not doing their jobs. But I agree, that with a high enough level of corruption (from low-key bribing an inspector, to higher up lobbying at highest government levels), doing this efectively is impossible.. That's just the first step. They lowered the limit to 420eur for independent contractors and companies here in Slovenia. They wanted to lower it to 50eur, but luckily failed. It's not perfect, but it does it job, and usually it's simpler/faster to write code than in some other langues (usually with the cost of worse readability). Not just that. Anything that takes 19 seconds, will probably be refreshed after 10 and closed after 15 seconds. IF the government did their job, it would be easy. Catching speeders on the road is easy (trivially, you just need a radar gun, or an automated radar mounted in a car). Getting the police out of their offices and to actually do their job is hard (atleast here, in my country). This could be a problem Usually the lowest TTL on the wire is '1' - the next router then subtracts 1, the value is zero, and the packet is dropped on the same router (and icmp sent back). If someone didn't put an aditiional if() to check, this could cause many problems, especially with broadcasts. And why would they check, if no device sends out packets like this normally (without someone else not doing an if() check, or if someone sent those packets on purpose). Since the technology moves on so fast, shortening the patent expiration to eg. 1year would solve most of the problems. Companies get 1 year head start (which is a lot), and after 1 year, we all benefit. ...or they just included some [pupular ad library] that has gone bad, and noone checked. And not just that.. they optimize sales as far as they can. Everything is in a box (no need to arrange things carefuly on shelves), huge barcodes (faster scanning), larger items on pallets (just bring a new pallet in when old one is empty), just a few people work there and do everything, etc. They sometimes also buy everything you have to get a cheaper price (a friend of mine has a rather large vegetable farm, and they offered to buy literally all the produce to get a lower price.. he doesn't have to deal with sales that year, and they get it cheaper). I like aldi, and buy a bunch of stuff there (i'm not sponsored by them), but at the same time, you know what you're buying - need a drill? They sell a perfectly ok one for really cheap... for a casual user, who uses a drill once every few months. What I don't like is some other stores selling the same items (just branded differently) for 2x the price. If you need a good drill for professional use, there are just a few companies that make them good - and you probably know them all. If you need something cheap, you'll get it cheaper at a store like aldi (or lidl, or similar) than at [hardware store] under their brand, or even some reputable brands. Stupid example: https://www.productreview.com.au/listings/aldi-food-dehydrat... This was sold here for 30eur at aldi. Gorenje is/was a reputable brand here, and they sell theirs for 50eur: https://www.mimovrste.com/susilniki-sadja/gorenje-susilnik-h... Just look at the photos and compare. A wee bit offtopic, but if we look at the VW/dieselgate, and the aftermath of it all, and the class-actions, returns, refunds, etc, and hyundai/kia lies about gas milage and people getting refunds for gas... ...when is something like this going to happen to intel? We've bought CPUs with excpectations of promised performance (like people did with emission expectations and gas milage expectations), they messed up, and we get lower speed, and now no hyperthreading and still no refunds? If i bought a 60" TV and the picture was only 50" with a black border around, i'd return it immediately... why isn't there some action regarding CPUs? 10 years? Of course not. But if i bought it yesterday, I'd expect a refund. Just consider that they were still selling affected CPUs even when they knew about the vulnerabilities and even after the papers were published. If you look at it this way, then the computer manufactures are to blame, and you should be refunded by them. That's the same as buying a car from CarCompany(TM) with an A/C and a Android Car touchscreen interface/radio/..., and an automatic android updates disables your A/C and changes the engine paramters so you have 20hp less... wouln't you expect "them" to fix it? As a consumer, you shouldn't have to worry if it's googles fault or CarCompanies(TM) fault, you should be able to take it to the dealer and have them fix it or give you a refund, or atleat 'do something'? I know of no mass refunds (as it was with volkswagen) due to spectre/meltdown, and slowing your pc down by 30% after the first patch, and as it seems losing hyperthreading seems like a defective unit to me. > - During peak production periods, resignations are not approved. How the hell do they enforce this? As it seems, it's not the nicotine that is the problem in these cases here. And nicotine is not a thing that kills your lungs (except making you addicted), it's the "other things", and those are also in non-niccotine vapes (and different ones in classic cigarettes). In my country, if you earn 80%+ of your income as a contractor from a single company (with some limitations), you're labeled as dependant contractor, and special rules apply (eg: they can't just break a contract, they must give notice first, etc). Well.. in some countries, games/programs were even broadcasted on public FM radio stations. Gentoo does it for firefox-bin: /usr/portage/www-client/firefox-bin/firefox-bin-69.0.ebuild MOZ_HTTP_URI="https://archive.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/${MOZ_PN}/releases/" ... SRC_URI="${SRC_URI} amd64? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-x86_64/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_x86_64-${PV}.tar.bz2 ) x86? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-i686/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_i686-${PV}.tar.bz2 )" If you buy a software (eg office 2003) you can still use it after a year, after office 2007 comes out, and 2010, etc. and even today. It doesn't have all the new features, but if you just need it to do "one thing" it works. Buying a subscription plan might be cheaper than buying all those versions/upgrade, but why buy if the "first" version still does what you need? This is of course from the users standpoint. Considering how much a used golf with a lowered odometer costs in the balkans (imported from germany), that's quite a weird theory. Putin is popular, because he's better than what was before (i'm speaking mostly of the old drunk). And also because he does stuff that a lot of russians actually like. A lot of people (mostly westeners) don't understand, that if someone gets back "historic russian territory" from a "neighbor" you don't really like, and noone can do anything about that, that's a good thing for Russia. It's bad for the neighbors, it's bad for NATO, it's bad for everyone else who wants to influece Russia, but for Russia, it's a good thing. It's the same thing with Trump... he does this, he does that, outrage everywhere, and in the end, EU is even more fuc*ed, Chinese send threats but can't do anything, and USA gets richer, old industries come back, people get jobs, get paid more, etc. And some wonder why he won. > The stuff literally disintegrates if you have it in the drier to often. Sadly enough this is also true for the men’s wear. H&M stuff for me never tears or gets holes. Mine just stretches in places where it shouldn't stretch (eg. T-shirt sleeves - how the hell do those stretch?! I don't have steroid-monster arms. I have a If a new (whole) car(tv,washing machine,...) costs 20k (...) ($,€,..doesn't matter), and you want to replace some parts, the cost of just a few parts quickly becomes higher than a whole new unit. In a modern car, just replacing a few parts costs more than a whole car (both front lights ~1k(eur), rear ones 500eur, ac compressor 500eur(+), radio/navigation unit 1k, foldable mirrors 500eur, 'smart' rearview mirror up to 1k, etc...). If the sum of costs of all parts to assemble a car is above 2x the price of the car, someone is getting ripped off, and we all know who that is. Same with laptops... lcd assembly on a shitty 600eur laptop was quoted as 400eur+tax here (luckily ebay exists) - and that's without labour. > they are productive when working in a different environment As someone from the balkans... it's not the enviroment that makes people productive (it can make them unproductive though), but the productive people choose to change their enviroment to one, where they can be more productive. And this is true for both plumbers and engineers. Just take a successfull good worker (and a bad one if you want), and put them into a shitty low-paying government job, where it takes three weeks to order a replacement computers mouse... shitty workers stay there ("i'm waiting for a mouse, can't work now, but i'm still getting paid") and good ones try to find a better oportunity elsewhere (and for shitty locations, that means far away, in a different country). This (the amount of taxes, and shitty predictions for the failure of this system) is true for most european countries (although you get more and better stuff in some countries). When the system collapses in one country, the others will go down fast, and we'll have a huge problem then. Yes, and in slovenia it's 25%, and in other countries its at mostly the same level. Then theres's health insurance (12.92% in slovenia). Only after that you get income taxes. And above that you get VAT (22% here) for your services. So basically, you charge your customers ~5k, and get ~2k of net payout (the rest goes to the government) ... and that's without any actual business expenses. Denmark has even higher taxes, but the country still works better than italy. Calculating taxes is pretty easy in most countries, especially if you have to do it yourself (eg. independent contractors, etc.). The only problem here is, that once one country fails (eg. they stop paying out pensions), all the other ones will go into full panic mode, and the shit will hit the fan. Government jobs are really really bad at this. Small companies are a lot better at this (atleast here).. the last time i worked at an international one, they sent me an email two weeks before i started there, saying basically "we don't choose the devices, but we have a 5k(eur) budget for a work computer, and you pick everything yourself - we suggest two monitors and a 'real' (non laptop) keyboard and mouse + a docking station", I emailed them the list, and everything was waiting on my desk. There was also a policy of buying small stuff we needed ourselves and getting paid back (keyboard stopped working?, don't ask, just buy/order it, and sent the receipt to accounting to get reimbursed). And after two years, we were allowed to buy the written off equipment for 5-10eur/piece. It has a lot of potential for abuse, but in that setting it worked great. You have to charge your customers the VAT, so if you're employed as a plumber, you actually have to charge the customers directly everything including the VAT. It's not the you who pays it directly, but you have to earn your company the amount including the vat. The amount is split between you and your employer, but if you're self employed it doesn't really matter (and in any way, it's you who has to earn the company the whole amount). Here's the calculator: https://data.si/izracun-place/ In "01 Plača" in "Plača" enter the gross monthly amount, and at the right side ("03 Izračun", there's "Strošek izplačevalca" (what the employer pays all together), and "Neto plača" (net pay you get). Just the part was 400eur. probably 50-100eur more for labor. I got a used replacement on ebay for less than 100eur, and replaced it myself. This! Top are doctors, engineers, small business owners, etc., and usually, they are the ones who get hit with the highest taxes (atleast around here in europe). The super rich have ways to move their money, the ones above usually don't. If by "the wealthiest" you mean millionares and billionaires, then you must also know that they have ways to move their money around to avoid those taxes. Some programmer with 200k wage, living in an ultra expensive city, doesn't. Doesn't amazon pay road taxes for their trucks (or whatever they're called over there)? If you have a class full of "good" students, it's a lot easier to work and teach, than with a class where 1/3 is almost illiterate, 1/3 doesn't care at all, and only 1/3 actually wants to learn. Higher the frequency, less radiation penetration there is (skin effect), so higher = "better" No it doesnt. It can work with more on 60GHz, or it can work with the same amount on the same frequencies as 4G. And in either way - more towers, less power per tower. No it wont require, it will be able to work on the same frequencies as 4G does. It can use more towers at higher frequencies in really really crowded areas or industrial setups, but those work at lower power outputs, and penetrate the body less (due to higher frequencies). If there was an outbreak of cancers at the right side of the head (the place where we usually hold our phone while talking on it), we'd know. But there aren't. > And the character's suffering was depicted as entirely mental. That's because it is entirely mental. Blind tests were done on people, and their ability to recognise a radiation source was the same as random picking. Anybody claiming to be able to sense radiation can be tested simply by taking two mobile phones, turning one off (leaving one connected to the internet and doing something online), putting both in a bag/under a bucket/..., having someone else randomly swap their position and trying to guess which is the one that is radiating at the moment. I can guarantee you're guesses will be around 50% in the long run, so basically random guesses. How the hell do you prove it's safe? Try proving carrots are safe. This is just some youtuber soccer moms spreading FUD. "massive" sounds more dangerous. Saying there's mimo in 4G and even wifi is doesn't generate so many clicks on articles. Why not take the top 20% (or whatever number) of the lower class, and give them a change to go to a higher class? and the same for the bottom 20% of the higher (who maybe aren't able to keep up) to go to the lower class. Considering a lot of changes during puberty, and these tests done before onset of puberty, we don't know what happens later. Without looking at other age groups, we never know. Most teachers in those age groups are (in most countries) women, but I agree about inequality when one-gender-only scholarships are offered. More research has to be done on other age groups. There are ethics problems with active involvement, but brain differences have been observed in other animals too ( https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13596-male-monkeys-pr... ) Most phones do nothing (except charge) when plugged, until you actively choose the option (file sharing, usb debugging,...). And other projects will apear, all the people that visit sites like this one here, will switch, and slowly transition their families. Majority will conitniue "suffering" since they already don't have adblocks installed. > About homosexuality for example, my naive vision is that it was "not OK" until very recently Well... it was not "OK" until recently for some time. But was "OK" for some time before that. Atleast in some places... well.. atleast ancient greeks and romans didn't seem to care about that. For cheating (and all sorts of other stuff) on linux, you can always use scanmem (also has a gui): https://github.com/scanmem/scanmem We cannot excpect a private company to continue paying for resources they don't want to. But giving a "export all the data in xml/json/whatever" button, and maybe even opensourcing the now-abandoned component serving this data, would be nice move. The first part could even become a regulative requirement some day. In slovenia, that's the "default" option (for mastercard and visa atleast). You need a special "loan mastercard" to be able to do partial pays. The main difference is, that then, "backup" ment copying everything by hand, and now, it means one simple copy-paste. Considering the size and price of modern hard drives, and relatively small size of old archives, any one individual can backup a huge amount of data (and even offer/share it as a download link/torrent seed/etc). Their whole Library would probably fit even on a smallest now-available sd card. Ok.. i want to serve tiles... ok, I go here: https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/ First option (Build a tile server using packages) ... i click on it.. ubuntu packages... i don't have ubuntu here, let's go back. Second option (Build a tile server from source), takes me here: https://switch2osm.org/?page_id=76 ... where is the documentation? How do i build it from source? Ok fsck it, let's try the "all in one solution"... https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/using-an-all-in-one-sol... ... "Page not found" So.. either install ubuntu, or figure it out by myself? > I for instance sell a product, but to unlock its feature set you first need to upload a picture of your family back to my company via the app. That would really make me refund your product. I'd be happy just if they were forbidden to change articles after publishing, and not say that. Because currently, they post some bullshit news and create some random outrage. Then someone points at some bullshit claim in their article, and they just quietly change the article (remove the claim, add "allegedly", etc.), and act as nothing was wrong. Or in worst case scenario, they quietly remove the whole article. Why would you approve location access to an app that doesn't require it? The only thing I miss is "ask me everytime" option on android (atleast until 9), where you want to post an instagram photo with geotag now , let them do a location lookup once , and after that disable the location access (so, a "give permission for one lookup", instead of going to settings, enabling location, posting, back to settings, disabling location access). Users still want to see those pages. If browser X removes the UA string, that site brakes for them, and they change to browser Y that still has the old useragent. Is there a price? Taking a raspberrypi zero, a camera, 4g modem, a couple of batteries and a charge circuit can turn any large-enough object into a hidden camera, for It’s the responsibility of the manufacturer In case of google (android), it's the manufacturer (of the OS) earning money on this But it spreads much faster... 3% of a billion people infected is quite a lot. Otherwise most reports cite that the dead were people who were already on their "deathbeds", and would (probably) die from a normal flu + complications (eg. pneumonia) anyways... but there are a few cases of younger people who died, that wouldn't if this was a "normal" flu. I work in some other industry with some other software which is "our SAP"... and i look at it as "another IBM". You have a bunch of smaller companies with different products, and whichever you pick, it will have some faults, missing features bugs, etc., and you'll the the one blamed for picking the "wrong" software. ...or you pick IBM/SAP/..., which is "de facto standard" in your {industry}, and whatever is wrong, is not your fault, but IBMs/SAPs/...s. So, someone starting up a vpn and opening incognito mode? +ip +browser version +some os info +fonts info +screen resolution (well.. viewport size) + + + I live in europe, so it may be different here/there. The cars here in ads are shown as very cheap (but zero extras). Want cruise control? 300eur. Want powered back windows? 200eur. This? 500eur. That? 300eur. So a car with a price of 12.000eur is 15.000 just after the basic necessities for a comfortable ride (without heated seats, adaptive cruise control, sunroof etc). Automatic transmissions are usually the most expensive 'extra' here. All those things are usually covered by warranty (~5years for most). And most cars here need oil replacement ("service done") every 15.000, 20.000 or even 30.000 kilometers (a bit under 10k miles a bit under 20k miles). I dont't know why americans like changing oil so much. I had an old hyundai last 320.000km that way (service every 20.000), until it was too rusty to fix (engine running without issues). The problem is, that it's hard to find an otherwise good phone with a jack. Want good photos, lots of storage, fast cpu, and a good screen? You need a flagship phone. Want security updates for stuff like this now? You're either stuck with Pixel phones or Samsung galaxy S? ones (or iphones)... pixel doesnt have one anymore, galaxy s20 is rumored it wont have one, and iphones don't have one. My ISP has to obey the rules of my government, and it is not allowed to sell my data. It's in my country, with my regulatory bodies and close enough that I (or a group of people like me) can sue them, if they start doing bad things. What the hell am I supposed to do again cloudflare? My ISP is legally bound to respect my privacy. I have regulatory bodies literally 10 minutes away, that can deal with tham, and a court system where I (and many more like me) can sue the ISP if they do something bad. What can I, citizen of small EU country, with an en_US firefox, do against cloudflare? What should we/they do? Even in real-life, you're never sure, when someone recommends a product, be it a salesman in a brick and mortar store ("this one here is a lot better then that one there", even at the same price, could mean different profits). With platforms like youtube, you have atleast minimal trust in a few youtubers you follow regularly (and this literally means "a few"), but doing a random search means 80% chance the reviewer got sponsoder or atleast received the product for free in exchange for a good review. Star systems on sellers pages have their own sets of issues... usually people don't write reviews at all if the product is good, and complain only after it breaks (unless they're 'paid' for the review). The problem is in the healthcare capacities. I live in a country with ~2mio people. If you're patient zero here, you get a comfy private room, your own bed, 5 doctors, 10 nurses, whole research teams, respirators, priority with all the tests, examinations, etc. Same for patient 1, 2, 3. If 200k people get infected (10% of population), and only 10% of those need extra medical care, that's 20.000 people. We don't have that many hospital beds, doctors, respirators.. probably not even enough medicine (some test have shown that malaria medicine and aids medicine works on some people). You get thrown into an army tent or a school gym with many more ill people, and you get almost zero resources. Need a respirator? Sorry, only 5 available at that location, and are used on other people.. or kids.. or pregnant women... and you can just slowly suffocate. China built a hospital in a couple of days. I don't think there's a country in EU that can do anything remotely fast as that.. we probably need 10 days just to discuss where to put the emergency tents, and even then we'd get protesters not wanting them there. Same probably in the USA. We also don't have companies making respirators and other medical equipment. Large countries who do, are making them for their own hospitals (if they're not stuck in paperpushing hell with the government). Basically, if there's a wide-spread epidemic, a lot of people will get really really fscked. But if you get a bunch of "it's just a flu" people, who sneeze everywhere and don't wash their hands, that "1%" number gets higher. I'm not saying we should close up the whole country, but basic measures (you're ill, even if it is just a flu, you stay home... people must wash hands. Hand desinfectants at stores, schools, etc. No large gatherings if it's not neccessary. If you can, work from home, if someone near you got sick. etc) There's probably a guy who broke his leg and stayed at home wondering, why everyone at the office hates him. That's why you isolate everyone. We (smaller company, also in eu, with infections in neighboring countries already) have a plan to just work from home, when first cases appear here. It's not 100% potection of course, but just reducing contact between people.. especially 8h/day in offices, where people sneeze, cough, eat, pick their noses, etc, helps. They could say, someone on the marketing team got sick, and quarantine (=work from home) the whole team or the whole floor. Or just say "someone on the third floor". Or just make the whole building work from home. If youtube's automated system detects a copyrighter (eg.) song, the user should be given an option to say "no, it's not copyrighter, or it's fair use, etc", after that, the claim should be forwarded to the copyright owner. The copyright owner would then verify if it is indeed a copyright infringement, and if they believe it is, and the user still believe it isn't, the case should be brought to some quivalent of "small claims court", where both sides would present their sides, and the loser has to pay some fine (not too large, but still high enough to deter pointless cases.. eg $1000 (to cover the court cost), and damages up to eg. $1000 due to lost views, or damages due to unlicenced distribution). Basically, make it worth fighting for, if you're sure you're right in what you're doing, and not too expensive, when eg. Sonys lawyers build a multi-year case, destroying you financially, even if you're doing the right thing. > The three-year, $150-million program Three year. Would you quit your job, and move somewhere cheaper if you knew the money will run out after three years, and you'll have a three year gap in your CV? Are there really no lottery winners winning lifetime monthly payouts to study? Because, if you gave me 5x average earnings for three years, I wouldn't quit my job. But if you guaranteed the money for the rest of my life, i'd pursue different activities (fun, good for me, but non-productive for society). Yes, usually to stay rich. > Sure, these things aren't economically productive The problem with UBI is, that you need people to be economically productive, to create money for fudning the UBI. Also, how many of those microservices do exactly the same thing, but are implemented by different people who don't know about the other microservices existing. In some indistries, that means thousands of people without work, and hundreds of other companies in the supply chain going bankrupt, and even more people without work. Sometimes it's cheaper to bail out the main company, then to deal with the unemployed, many more bankrupt companies etc. But some regulation should be put in place... if a CEO fscked up the company so much, it needed government bailout, they don't deserve a bonus, no matter what their contract says. A good system would also be, to turn a bailout into a 'long-term loan' from the government, and have a mandatory percentage of the companies profits go to repaying the 'loan', with some regulation on internal business (to prevent dumping everything to a new, 'clean' company, and letting the old shell fail). In good times, companies work "at capacity" and all the problems are between the owners and the managers. If managers fsck up, the owners will deal with them, or lose their own money. If something fails, people will still excpect those products, other companies will take the workers, etc. (so if you're a pilot, AA goes under, people will still need to travel, so other companies will need more pilots). In the time of crisis (like now), (almost) noone flies, and no company needs pilots (neither their own, nor new employees). In some countries (eg. mine, slovenia), the government has also forbiden flights (and other modes of public transport). In this case, where you have a successful company, and the government says you're not allowed to do your core business, but also not allowed to lay off employees, and they still expect all the taxes, dues and paycheks paid, ...'something' has to be done (either bailouts, or special laws (like here now), where you don't have to pay some government fees, can put workers to "wait for work" (less pay, but still employed), etc.). I'm from slovenia, a small, former yugoslav country. We don't have special schools for math here, and elementary schools (7-15yo in my time) were the same for all, and you went to the closest school to your home... but our highschool ("gymnasiums" - 15-19) used the grades from elementary school + standardized testing scores to rank students, and somehow best students went to certain schools, 'the middle' got accepted o others, and shitty students went to shitty schools and other, non-general schools. The biggest difference wasn't separating kids into math classes and language classes, but genrally separating them by "good" and "bad". Having a random mix of students, where some can barely read, and others read two books per week (or some can barely multiply, while others code math problems for fun), is a very hard job for the professor, because in the end, they have to lower their standards, expectations, and the quantity of material until most students scrape by. Having a group of students that are good at "school stuff", means the teachers are having very little problems with the basics and can continue faster and prepare students better for university and life. If we had separation for stem-talented students, and language-talented and *-talented, it would be even better. So basically... group better students together, and you can do a lot more with them, if you don't have to pull the 'bad' students behind. I am aware that this is bad for 'bad' students, and that it should be fixable somehow (they should have options to move to better schools), but good students thrive without idiots in class. I dont know about the second part... but i'm sure glad I didn't jave illiterate trouble-causers in my class (as i did in elementary school (7-15yo)). One such disrupter can take away easilly 10 minutes of a class hour, and 1/3 of the class not understanding basics, means the teacher has to try again and again to teach them the things they should already know, while the rest of tle class stagnates. If it was something that affected only those individuals, noone would care. The problem is, that someone else can be irresponsible, and you die because of that. > Today if I want to send someone a photo I took on I need to grant it permissions to read all of my storage Yes > That's dumb In that context, yes. But: > An interactive sandbox UX I like a lot is an app giving me a dialog "Allow", "Deny" with an additional "Remember" button Everytime you'd want to access any file (eg. upload a saved photo to instagram), you'd get a permissions prompt, and everybody clicks "allow all" after the second time. The workaround is to have the app ask the trusted OS module to open the file selector, and the user then selects the file, and the app only gets access to that one file. This works for instagram for example. ...but! This doesnt work for file browser apps, file synchronisation apps, backup apps, etc. This also doesn't work with instagram, which offers to upload the last photo taken when you select photo (instead of camera), because it doesn't have permission to load it, and that means an additional step just to select the photo. If you want instagram photos to be saved to your device storage, instagram either needs permission to write to some folder, or it has to ask the os (and then user) where to save the photo every time. If you want security, features and user friendliness, you're basicaly fscked But we do just that. Every car has to pass a bunch of certifications to be legal to drive on the road. It has to pass a (4-, 2- or 1-)yearly checkup, has to be registered, insurance has to be paid, road tax, etc. Also the driver has to pass a theoretical and a practical exam, has to be of certain age, not be under influence of any of many substances, has to obey a bunch of traffic laws, etc. And we also have check for all that, from police controls, to speed cameras, alco-testers, etc. I just hope more companies consider working from home even after this. I've talked with some buddies of mine, and i've heard massively different results (from productivity a lot higher than on-premises work (one of the companies is a shared-space coding house... so it's very understandable), to practically zero productivity (public sector, they've actually hired a private detective due to issues).. I know working from home all the time is not optimal, but reducing the "drive to work" days and replcing then with "work from home" for people who prefer that would be great. The biggest problems with such UBI experiments is the limited time of the experiment. If I had a shitty, dead-end job, and someone offered me (eg.) 80% of an average paycheck in my country, FOR 2 YEARS, i'd be happier than before, and use that money to pay off loans, buy a new car, go for a vacation, etc., and keep my curent job. If I had a shitty, dead-end job, and someone offered me (eg.) 80% of an average paycheck in my country, FOREVER(!), i'd probably quit, and live off UBI, and do other stuff (fun for me, but litle of value to to wider society, and with probably zero tax money to feed the UBI system). ...or, probably move somewhere, where I can get more for that amount of money. Most countries have lottery systems made up in a way, that you can opt for a bulk sum or get monthly payouts from the lottery... i'm sure, that we could find people, who get monthly sums somewhere in the interesting rage, to check how they're doing now.... but usually, looking at loterry winners does not show results in favour of giving people "free money". The problem with "universal" is, that someone with an average paycheck doesn't get anything, because he pays back the same amount he gets in taxes. And the 'average' paycheck is not an 'average' in the term we use now (where we just look at the workers, add up their paychecks and divide by their number), but we also have to add up all the non workers (kids, pensioners, unemployed, studens,...) with "0 EUR" paychecks, and divide by the number of them too, because they'd get UBI too. The problem with using some shiny new library/software/app/technology is, that it might dissapear in a year. The developers will move on to new companies, and work with some new shiny tech, and all your codebase will be useless due to a unmaintained library and no new people (developers) who know how to use it. I wanted to make an example that it was like starting work at a company, and seeing that they're still using phpBB (but with a 1 year old library)... but it seems phpBB is still being developed... > I've had periods of years in my life where I didn't have to think about money. After a short period of faffing off, I started doing all sorts of stuff. Some of it of direct value to society (volunteering) and some of it perhaps indirectly so (teaching myself new skills, working on 'products' that could be useful). I mean, even just spending time with others who themselves had it in short supply and valued my company could be considered 'useful to society'. Do those activities generate enough money, so that government collects enough taxes from you, to cover your UBI + all the other costs (roads, schools,...)? If not, you're still a net burden on society. > People want to be useful. People want to be valued and needed. People want to be creative. Of course people want to be useful and creative. But peoples usefullness and creativeness has to create atlest 2xUBI of taxes (one that goes back to the worker and one that goes to someone who get UBI but doesnt work) + all the other costs. If you're capable of doing stuff you like, being creative, liking that work, and creating that much income, why are you not doing it now? > I consider it quite possible, or at least worth properly exploring, a society that provides in the basic needs regardless of whether you do pointless work for pointless company to allow you to spend your downtime on pointless consumption and entertainment (because no energy for anything else). Problem with this society is, that it also requires people who are working, to cover the cost of the poeple who are not working. Curretnly most countries do that for a very small percentage of unemployed (welfare), and most people in those countries are already complaining about the high taxes. If you raise the taxes on the people left working, and let others live relatively normal lives without working, you'll get less and less of the former and more of the later. Yes, non-workers will create music, art, will travel, write blogs, etc., but none of that generates enough income to cover even their own cost. I'm skeptical about this too.... especialy if the UBI was the 'thing' that got them elected in the first place. And people would be protesting because they'd be losing 'free money'. With 80% of an average finnish paycheck, you can live a really great life in one of the southern or eastern european countries, with a car and tools too. > But the biggest benefit of ubi imo is that if you want to spend your time, say, building a new product or clearing your mind in order to be more productive in the future, you will have that option. Tho I do see a lot of people just sitting around doing nothing, and ubi leading to inflation. How many "normal" people, above 40, with minimal education, currently packing meat, cleaning the streets, or picking up produce will spend that time to build a new product? You and your 'startup buddies'.. maybe. Most, not. > Imo the best way to implement ubi is by automating as much as possible, to increase productivity > If a robot makes 10 times more shoes, then taxing that bot the equivalent of 5 full time workers is fair. But we're already doing this.... a washing machine cost a couple of paychecks here (former yugoslavia), and now i can buy one for less than 20% of an average paycheck (not yugoslavia anymore, but i haven't moved). If we tax the automation "difference", then we have to go back to old, pre-automation prices. How much profit does VOX make on this: https://www.mimovrste.com/pralni-stroji/vox-wm-1051-pralni-s... 221.90EUR washing machine? 22% of that is VAT, a part of the price pays for "free" transport to the home, then the seller has to earn something, import duties, transport from china(?) to slovenia, manufacturing, raw materials, testing, development + 5 year guarantee (anything happens, a technician comes to your home to fix it... just the cost of that is probably more than the whole washing machine profit). + all other cost (loss, items destroyed in transport, returns, etc. I don't see a lot of profit for the manufacturer here... and and tax would just be moved onto the consumer who'd have to pay a higher price (so they'd need higher UBI, higher tax, higher price,...). Does library-support-wise (well, software-wise). Trying to find a developer with phpbb experience now, would be a totally different story. If you provide something that the society wants, they're willing to pay for it. If you make good beer, people will buy it, if you make good music, people will pay for tickets to listen to your shows, if you make great art, people will buy it,... Tax revenue is just a percentage of the income you make. Is your work/activity/service really worth anything, if noone is willing to pay for it? Better question is, after they took away/shrunk down the service, did they lower the taxes because of that cost saving? In slovenia, we still have the "financial crisis" (2008) 22% VAT, which we "temporary" increased back then (from 20%). This is what a bunch of people said on 9/11. And very soon after that, everybody was flying again (although, after that, they got groped by security, and had to buy expensive airport drinks) > You ask them about it and they say that the pandemic is an old person's problem. "if I get corona" guy has lots of friends it seems. Technically, if we could isolate/protect the old/risky people, this would be great for herd immunity. The "if i get corona" guy would probably just have flu-like symptoms, and contribute further to herd immunity by infecting other people, same age as him at same parties as he's going. > Is it all just... human inability to calculate risks and our focus on the "flashy"? I think this ^ Plus, on the ground we think we have control... someone sick comes on the bus, we think we can 'escape' from the bus on that (or next) station. Same with general safety.... if you drive a car, you think you're invincible, and that your superpower reflexes and supersenses will predict anything happening around you, and you'll be able to avoid any accident... but on a plane, engines stop working, and there's literally nothing you can do, sometimes for many minutes until you (probably) crash and die. Of course, statistics show different safety numbers, but for most people, statistics is about "them" and not "us". But how much food can you buy with all the things you've listed as something you didn't get paid for? How much rent can you pay? How many plumbers, electricians can you call with your mothers love? You can strike a deal with an electrician, to call them or visit them, if they want, but if they don't, you have to offer them something they want - usually that's money. You can still do all that, but you're expecting other people to do paid work, the government to take away a huge chunk of that money, and then give it to you, so you don't have to do paid work, and call your mom. You can still play your guitar (or do whatever) for free, just for the love of doing that. But if you didn't get people to give you money (food, services,...) for your music then, or for you calling your mom, etc., you cannot expect the government to force them to do it on regular basis, if you play/call, or even if you don't. Nah... the 0.5l bottle of water will still be 3EUR. But the mandatory 'bottle steriliziation fee', will be 5eur more. > First off, those that are currently entitled to most benefits would be getting UBI instead, and those that are not currently entitled to (most) benefits would be getting UBI and paying it back in tax.. so in theory its the same cost, less the administration and means testing. How many workers does britain have (percentage)? In slovenia, a bit less than half of people work (we have a huge amount of pensioners, kids, students, and also some unemployed) + a huge public sector. With UBI, an average worker would have to pay for two UBIs in taxes, to get one UBI back. And that's not counting the people quittin their jobs due to UBI (and moving to cheaper countries, where that money is worth more). > I dunno, it's all speculation of course, but I'd say my 'usefulness' has gone up once I didn't have to bow to my bosses' whims. It's hard to quantify that, of course, but even if I go for a quantifiable measure, I'm probably more of a benefit to society than otherwise: I've been working on various business ideas that could improve the efficiency of other businesses, my volunteering reduced the burden I put on my country's health care system (on account of needing less therapy), and possibly reduced the effect on others around me. The money I make doing 'extra' work, that I wouldn't have to do, has benefitted my younger siblings who in turn might benefit society. Why can't you do that now, by starting your own business and being your own boss? > Personally I don't like this kind of thinking though. I'm convinced that a decent chunk of the population is just driven to do and create in a way that is valuable to other parts of the population. Trying to reduce this to 2xUBI is somewhat futile, and honestly not a society I want to actively encourage. In fact, engaging with this thought strikes me as already a bit of a needless capitulation. How much money could we save by reducing the pointless corporate work, military spending, etc, and how does UBI relate to that? At least for a significant experiment I suspect it's not much. We can verify this by observing people who are currently not working and are getting welfare. Somehow, very few of them do so. Some even avoid doing real work (you have to actively look for a job here if you want to receive welfare), by literally coming to interviews and saying that they're there just for the 'stamp' (proof they were there). > I think what I'm driving at is that this 'working' and 'not working' would be redefined. So much work is busiwork. So much 'work' is very tenuously measurably good for society. And, conversely, so much 'work' is not really considered work, but crucial to a functioning society. But stuff we deem "crucial" (by our own, individual standards), we're also willing to pay for. Water, food, entertainment, cars, gadget, clothes, vacations, travel, books, music, perfumes, etc. Is something really crucial, if noone wants to pay for that? If someone is willing to pay 100euros for a stinky alcohol-water mix (perfume), and they're not willing to pay for your work, is your work crucial? > How much money could we save by reducing the pointless corporate work, military spending, etc, and how does UBI relate to that? Corporations are paying their own money for that work... they'd be the one saving, not you. Military spending can still be lowered, and workers would get to keep more of their own money, why does it have to be given to non-workers? (i'm not talking bout disabled people, etc, i'm talking about able-bodied people, who are able to work, but would choose not to). First of all, if ~50% of people work in a country (from age 0 to pensioners), they continued to work, and got 2k extra 'free money', they'd have to pay more than those 2k back in taxes, to cover the 2k for people who don't work at all. If we somehow took 2k/person/month from some nonexisting trillionaire, who has the money to finance it for everyone, then probably yes, prices would go up, because everybody has now 2k/month more to spend. I totally gree with you. I think the best case (for me personally) is both... 2-3 days per week from the office, and 3-2 days from home. You talk with people, socialize, hear all the gossip (from non-work related, to work related - eg. aout someone who's working on some interesting new project, etc.), but still don't have to drive to work 3 times a week, and can work in your underwear. A year is A LOT of time, and you have to explain why you lost a year later on. Also, even in "free" education systems, some taxpayer is going to ask "why the hell am I paying for 2/3 of crappy students, can't you just raise the bar at the beginning, and only accept the top 1/3?" Company should pay me X money for Y hours of work. Company should never care where and how I live. If I move somewhere cheaper (and can still do the same job as before), is my work worth less? So.... when will we get a part of our money back, due to performance losses? (i'm talking about a case like Volkswagen) But... nobody ever got fired for choosing IBM! If you set up "your own solution", you're always the "guilty one" if something fails. If you buy IBM (or HP or whatever), it's their fault if something fails. (i did some of that stuff in enterprise enviroments.... honestly, IBM/HP/... + paid support was always the better option for me, mainly due to "liability" issues) Fucking quora! For image search, fucking pinterest! This is all great, but what is also important here is, how many of those 99.7% of people need hospital care to survive? As far as I understood all the "flatten-the-curve" motions, the plan was to keep hospitals in a state, where they're able to process the patients with complications, so they don't become the 0.3%++. My country (Slovenia) has pretty-much zero new cases per day currently, with 2-4% of people (there was a study) with antibodies.... in a potential second wave with exponential growth, our hospitals are basically fucked. Slovenia has pretty-much opened up everything (masks still required indoors, nightclubs still closed, public events limited to 50 people, but everything else, from stores to gyms open). We did lose like 2 months of business, so if we knew what to expect, it might have gone better (but italy is our neighbor, so we went 'better safe than sorry' way). Closings should basically be linked to number of cases in that area. Intel knew their security was broken, and they were still selling those affected CPUs. Products were recalled for smaller issues than that. A lot of modern mobile apps are shitty, because they're just browsers wrapped in permissions-shitpile (location, calls, contacts, etc.), and display a mobile webpage, while syphoning data a regular browser wouldn't allow (without asking you first, and you denying access), with no additional features (except for useless, spammy notifications). Make a good app, and people will use it Adding the dot (.) after the "nytimes.com" bypasses the paywall https://www.nytimes.com./interactive/2020/05/24/us/us-corona... > If you build a 16-drive RAID5 on some enterprise vendor's equipment and then suffer a multiple disk failure during a rebuild because that was a Bad Idea... If I do that with a linux/solaris/mdadm/zfs/btrfs/whatever, and it fails, who will be the one blamed for the failure? Me of course. If i select a propper raid setup, and it still failes, it's better if it fails on an IBM than on my duct-tape linux/mdadm/zfs/btrfs/whatever solution, because again, I personally can say, that i did what the vendor (IBM) recommended in their brochure, and their solution failed. If the duct-tape solution fails, there's noone else to blame, than me. Either way, you have to restore from backup. And if there is some random bug (eg. kernel oops when mounting volume), there's IBM support on the call. Working with standard options, means standard, well-known bugs, and that means that support can help fix them. I know, that I (personally) sleep better, knowing there is a professional solution from a big-brand running in a "boring, enterprise" production. > Still, those enterprise junior executives didn't get fired for choosing mainframes! This! > Their companies made bad decisions in hindsight, but they (and we) blame those bad choices on IBM having failed to meet the needs of the market, not on whatever random Fortune 500 companies bought S/390's instead of PC servers. Those companies didn't make bad decisions... the mainframes worked. The might have been more expensive, and slower than a bunch of PC servers, but they did the job. We now know, in hindsight, that PC servers were a better choice, but which one of us is willing to risk our own money/job for something that is currently something new? There was even a time when tablet computers (think ipad, not x series thinkpads) were "the future of computing", and that "they would replace the need for PCs for everyone"... now (in hindsight) we know that tablets are useless for most people (except for consuming entertainment), and that work computers are still boring PCs with keyboards and mice. If a car lock failes, those cars get recalled, and the locks fixed. https://www.recallmasters.com/mercedes-recalls-vehicles-defe... Also, intel did replace CPUs with issues before: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentium_FDIV_bug > On December 20, 1994, Intel offered to replace all flawed Pentium processors on the basis of request, in response to mounting public pressure.[5] Although it turned out that only a small fraction of Pentium owners bothered to get their chips replaced, the financial impact on the company was significant.[citation needed] On January 17, 1995, Intel announced "a pre-tax charge of $475 million against earnings, ostensibly the total cost associated with replacement of the flawed processors."[1] Some of the defective chips were later turned into key rings by Intel.[6] Also NY times: https://www.nytimes.com./2020/02/18/world/europe/coronavirus... This is (i think) also happening with youtube. There were a bunch of funny political videos a couple of years ago (eg. "Trump insult compilaton" etc., from different independent individuals), and searching for those terms now just shows videos from CNN, BBC, ABC, CNBC, and other corporate media houses. Do some opensource work, from fixing typos, to small bugs. Go to -meetups/events, and talk with people there (if someone needs a coder for , and they remember you from there, they just might call you). If you have enough free time, try getting a student job (even on campus) that has you doing programming related stuff. Also, use github! Need a script to do some random task? Publish it there. Made an android app, to show you (or post, or whatever) some crap... publish it! Script to create a single page gallery of your instagram feed? Post it! When i worked in larger companies, and also had to read CVs and give my opinion on students and fresh graduates (I hated that), I always prefered someone who had a github profile full of random scripts they wrote, no matter what their grades were (because they were lazy and decided to automate stuff, and that's always good), than someone with great grades and not a line of code to be seen. But how many criminals in germany and UK shoot at the police officers? I think that this US number is also very different from the German/UK number. To simplify, if someone shoots at the police first, and police shoots back, and kills him.... what's the point of the whole trial, if the suspect is already dead? Should they be on trial for the thing they were suspected to be doing? Or for the shooting at the police? Both? If you're a store owner that called the police on the suspect, because the suspect robbed your store, what good would it be, if you had to go to court and testify for a full robbery case (apart from the shooting case, where you're just a possible witness), if either way, the suspect is already dead? Edit: to clarify, i'm talking about the suspected "original" crime, eg. a robbery, and not the shooting part. The shooting should of course be investigated, but i see no point in holding a full trial for the robbery part, if the suspect is already dead, and if there is no actual benefit for anyone. Stupid example, but how many people in the UK shot at the police? I'm not saying that... i'm refering to the parent post: > Until someone is convicted of a crime in America, they are presumed innocent. I don't see why that should change just because a suspect was killed before they could be tried. All police killings should be thoroughly investigated. The statistic that 99% of them do not lead to legal punishment is extremely suspicious. The first part, suspect innocent until proven guilty (for the original crime, the one police got called for), and i see no point in going further with the trial for the original crime, if there is no point to be made (eg. trial for robbery, having the store owner come to court, proving was there a robbery, proving the suspect was the one robbing the store, etc.). The shooting (so robber vs. police) part should of course be investigated. You can do this in UK, where weapons look like this: https://twitter.com/mpsregentspark/status/974645778558980096 But in places with criminals being heavily armed, having unarmed police, just makes the police more vulnerable. But if the shooting itself was justified (infront of the court, jury, or whatever other method of proving justification they implement, and you consider to be fair), because (eg.) the suspect started shooting at the police first, what does it matter, if the suspect really robbed that store, or if he started shooting due to some other reason? I'm not sure if that's a valid point... i was always under the impression, that most of the violence in "violent cities" is due to violent gang, and that gang members are armed because they have to deal with other criminals/gangs (eg. if you sell drugs, to protect yourself and your drugs from being stolen, or to have "leverage" when racketeering, fighthing for "teritory", etc). I was saying just one thing, for example: - Suspect allegedly robs a store. Store owner calls police. - Police finds suspect, yells "stop, police!", suspect starts shooting at the police. - Police fires back, kills suspect. - After that, the shooting investigation starts (or atleast should start). All I'm saying is, that due to suspect being dead, the trial for the robbery is not needed (if noone gains anything from that). Yes, shooting, attempted murder, and everything else is valid and should be investigated, go to trial, etc. But the robbery itself, in my opinion doesn't that much anymore. If the suspect survived the shooting, then of course, investigating the robbery should be done TOO (checking security footage, search warrant to find stolen stuff, etc), next to attempted murder etc. Because if something does happen there, they use the gun for their protection. Same as in Germany (where the police is also armed). And pretty much every other country, even very peaceful ones, except probably UK. ...sony... Sony had massive issues with PSN security a few years ago > I know hn doesn't like sarcasm, but saying that infection level off after 10-20% "naturally" after the world experienced the biggest lockdown since the spanish flu, is like saying the fire I saw on the news was extinguished because I took a pee at the same time. The weird thing is, that after reopening many thing/services in many places, there were very rarely any new spikes in new cases. We've all been expecting a spike after every measure being removed, and it hasn't happened in most countries (it's probably too soon to speak about the effect of protests in the USA, but we'll see that soon too). > In a perfect world, the point of a lockdown is to arrest the spread of a disease entirely. The problem with this is, that the whole world has to stop for that to happen, and by stop, i mean stop entirely. Even if you stop the spread in California, and have zero infected people there, the first infected outsider that comes into the state, will spread infections, and you're back at closing down everything. Basically the second part (keeping healthcare system managable, and hoping for a vaccine soon) is the only think we can do. Why would that be an XOR situation? They're all tested positive, but 50% of them might have some form of immunity, and are fighting it off like that would a normal cold (or even with zero symptoms). The virus is still in their system, but their bodies are disposing of it without issues. The problem is, that they lied about how they got te evidence. Eg, they plant a hidden camera in your house, see you packing drugs and puting them in your car in your own garage, and driving away. Since they got the info that you had the drugs from illegally set cameras, they can't just stop and search your car, but they can "randomly" stop you for a traffic check, and just "randomly" have a drug sniffing dog present, which finds the drugs in your car. If the judges let this go through, the police would use more illegal methods (illegal searches, etc.) to gather data, then just "randomly" detect crime, and then the state would win cases.... and we (the people) don't want that. That's why, if you prove, that they knew the drugs were there from an illegal source of information, everything derived from that illegal source should be dropped as a illegally obtained evidence, to disincentivise the use of illegal methods. Basically, the officer saying they randomly stopped you, would be a lie (=perjury), because they stopped you due their illegal cameras. Like having a police officer watch you shower, jerk off, and eat pizza in your underwear every day, in your own home, while you have no drugs there, but they think you do? Then the judge would be aware of the warrant, and wouldnt throw the evidence away, because it would be obtained legally. Technically it could be random.... If you "did nothing wrong", you also drive like you did nothing wrong (5-10 over), hit some yellow lights, etc. If you know you have a bag of drugs in your car, and a police vehicle pulls at a stop next to you, you can panic. Also if they do stop you, becase you (eg.) didnt use your turn signal, most people just sigh., give some excuse ("I wanted to, but that black car came, and i had to go around, and the cat, and the wipers, and this and that"), and calmly wait for a ticket... people with drugs usually act different. And thirdly, police usually know all the drug dealers in their area, know their cars, and just have to catch them with enough drugs to make it worthwile.... so they probably get stopped a bit more often than a normal random commuter does, even if neither of them use turn signals regularly. The problem with indicator lights is, that they're useless, until you actually need that info. If i turn my head just a bit, i can see a 48 port ethernet switch with 50+ blinking lights here in the office, and 99.9% of the time, they're all useless. But, if something doesn't work, one quick glance, can tell me if the switch is on (lights), if the data is sent through (random blinking), if the ethernet connection to my pc is up (one specific light), is it waiting for spanning tree to set up (light color), is there a loop (all lights on, or blinking synchronously), and also if the connection is slow during a calm time, I can see who's sending most traffic (frequency of blinking). I literally never look at them when all is ok, but when it's not, i get the status info in literally a second. Same with my home router with 8leds (especially the "internet" one), same with my PCs (on/off, hdd activity) etc. My prefered solution would be just to keep those things away from the bedroom. Currently, in my bedroom, there is only one visible led (TV), and even that one is very very dim red. So lets say I was really really thirsty, somewhere on the road in the middle of nowhere... and I stopped at a gas stop, bought myself a really really cold, refreshing coca cola, drive on, 10 minutes later decide to open it.. and a dollar would pop out? So i'd waste my time at the station/store, waste my time at another, all for 1 dollar? I'm not from usa, but EU. Here, mining operations, quarries, etc. get "booms will be here" licences, with limits (when (usually only daytime), where (quarry/mine limits and how strong the 'booms' are). So for those (rutine, standard blasts), our enviromental (earthquake) agencies don't get the data for each blast (they eg. get data, that company XYZ is allowed to do blasts up to ABC power (KJ or whatever) in location DEF, from 1. jan 2020 to 31. dec 2020 when they have to renew their licence). Source: friend works as an explosives expert at a quarry > I just don't find it credible that "the results are identical". Either the author isn't paying enough attention, or else they're doing extensive "pre-washing" of their dishes before loading them, or they're washing so incredibly quickly after eating that food never has the time to dry/harden in the first place. They run the washer many times per day... al the food is probably still fresh and not dried up and hard to remove. Same is true for professional/restaurant dishwasher, where dishes are put inside immediately and washed in a few minutes. Also, buy in bulk and when it's on sale. Those things usually last a long time, and there is a very very low chance you'll end up not needing those items anymore in your household, and even then you'll have bigger problems than 5 tubes of toothpaste left over in your drawer. 60°C is enough. I've made chicken at 60°C in a sous vide without any issues Here's the pasteurization table: https://www.seriouseats.com/2015/07/the-food-lab-complete-gu... this! In slovenia, most of the deaths are in old-age/nursing homes, where most of the patients have severe health issues and a lot of them are bed-bound. Yes, they have lower vitamin D, but also many other health problem, so looking at a single variable (vitamin D) proves corellation but can't prove any causation without interfering (eg. giving half of them vitamin D supplements, to compare to the other half). How can a standardized test be racially biased? What? There's no way to send a 2mm (width) wave. Yes, parabolic antennas have very high gains in one direction, but they're far from '2mm' and far from 'invisible'. A helicopter with the right equipment flying over urban areas would have an easy job finding them and even pointing out the approximate location (eg. a building) where they're located. If the antenna was inside a huge apartment building, it would be hard to find the right apartment, if the transmitter was turned off, but with single family buildings, it would be easy. Ham radio operators hide and then look for hidden transmitters for fun, so it's not that hard, especially with a budget that is given to the police. Boss: Vacation? Where are you going? You: Camping, in the mountains, sorry boss, no signal there, I won't be accessible. Boss: No problem.... here's a portable starlink antenna,... just in case... you know... if there is a bug in your code... or if we have a skype call with the clients... or if we need a bug fixed... haha.. you know, fixing bugs in the forest hehe.. well yeah... just have it connected during normal business hours, just in case... and check your emails while you're connected.. and slack... and CI logs... but otherwise, have a nice vacation, I hope you get some rest! 2mm is the wavelength, not the effective width (think of a laserbeam) of the wave. and yes, even with a laser (nanometer wavelengths) it's hard to produce a 2mm wide beam at a helicopter distance. Boost app is great! ...so reddit will probably soon first cripple it and then ban it... But zero is well.... a zero .... If you don't want to mess with arduino/esp*, but want a price point and size in that range, with full linux support, to connect a thingy to another thingy (eg sensor to web/mqtt), and don't care about additional power use, you take a rpi0. I don't think it was ever meant as a "normal computer" or a "server" (as we use normal-sized RPis for). Been there, done that.... even to hack an old ciscos into a bodged-up production/testing enviroment (take config from production, change two addresses from production to testing values, and apply the whole config to a testing cisco). The good thing with ciscos and most of the old technology is, that once you write that script, it works for years... commands never change, outputs never change, some perl, a regex or five, and you're done. Doing the same with a webpage, where it's "pride month" today, "womens day" tomorrow, "day against aids" the day after, and each means a new div, a new popup, a new redirect, a backend update inbetween, to make the new banner possible, etc., is a pain in the ass. Yep... considering the skin effect, any microwave radiation would start heating the outside skin layer first, and it would hurt long before anything inside you was "cooked". If you got locked in there.. then sure... maybe.... but staying in there and not feeling it (or just feeling "warmer", until you die...) nope. 5th highest in europe is not that bad, considering they fucked their economy a lot less, and that more shit is coming (eg., most of the cancer detection programmes have stopped here in slovenia, so a bunch of people might die from undiagnosed, or treated-too-late illnesses due to lockdowns, and won't be counted anywhere). > I don't see a future where C survives I've been seeing those exact words for decades now, and C is still going strong. Every few year a new language comes, somes writes something in it, that was written in C before, someone might even write a basic OS in it, and after a few years, that language is almost forgotten, a new one is here, and again, someone is writing something in it, but in the end, we still use C for the things we used it 10, 20, for some, even 30 years ago. Are the 2x4s military grade? Basically, sourced from the cheapest seller? > who are vocal online The problem with looking only at people who are vocal online, is that you only see things from a small bubble of people, and only the things, that don't get downvoted/removed by moderators. If you looked at e.g. reddits users and their comments, Bernie Sanders would be on his way to a second term. Since the article is mentioning ICE, and i'm from a small eu country, really close to relatively shitty non-eu countries, I know that what people say or don't say online is different from what people think in their heads. Being a developer here, and trying to find work in USA is a big pain in the ass... if you're a good developer, but without a formal education, might be even impossible. Even if you have everything, have a good resume, big projects, get invited by facebook/google/whoever, going through the endless stream of bureaucracy takes a lot of time and a lot of money (which is understandable, because hiring local is good for local workers, and importing foreign workforce means lowering pay, due to more supply). When such people get their papers, green cards, and work in USA for some time, their opinion on illegal immigrants, who skip the whole process (and sometimes even get praised for that) is a lot different than the comments you see on reddit. They might not say it there, but they say it here. Why wouldnt that meat packing plant pay a local worker a fair wage? Nah, I didn't, I stayed at home, I'm just telling the issue my friends and former coworkers had. They get paid well (we're talking coders/developers/engineers, not meat packers). Why do americans have no incentive to work in meat packing plants? What you're advocating for is to offer (below) minimum/livable pay for every work possible, and then, if noone local applies (because the wage is too low), just get some foreign workers from some shitty country (legal or illegal), and exploit them. Wouldn't it be better to just stop immigration for shitty paid jobs (in situations like now, with relatively high unemployment), and passively force the employers to just pay more to get enough workers? When a big company (eg. one with a logo of a famous mouse), fires whole teams of local workers, and replaces them with cheaper H1B workers ( https://money.cnn.com/2016/01/25/technology/disney-h1b-worke... ), whole HN/reddit/... is outraged, with "disney bad!". Why would you let meat packing plants do this? Why not just say "no, you wont get immigrant workers, when there are so many local ones unemployer, and you'll get punished if you hire illegals", and just work with that? Otherwise, again, as someone living in a small EU country, i could never understand how a large company can employ illegal workers, and how illegals can stay in the country (and even get benefits, send kids to school, etc.), without the system noticing (because all of that is pretty much impossible anywhere else in the developed world. I lived in a former communist country ("former" in both ways... not communist anymore, and also, I haven't moved, the country just doesn't exist anymore). Wanting to get cheaper labour is universal, capitalism has nothing to do with that. The last time i wanted to do that, i noped the fuck out, generated latex, and pdflatex-ed the thing, to get the pdf (we're talking generic reports, text, table, graph, email to customer on a schedule). I think comparing this to nazis is very bad.... if nazis let jews from outside germany, there illegaly, just go back home whenever they wanted, and at worse, send them back themselves, history would be a lot different. There are shortages everywhere... a surgical mask used to cost ~5eurocents here, now it's ~60 for "non medical", and 1eur+ for medical masks. N95 go even higher in price, compared to very cheap before. Yes, they're available, but at that price, noone buys them (they improvise or buy washable). Same problem everywhere... Not just huge industries.... literally people buying land next to a farm (which has been there for 100+ years), then compain due to animal noises and smell. I just don't understand how you can send a kid to school without any papers/documents/etc.? Here (in slovenia), every citizen has a citizen ID (not really public, but not secret, and can be generated by hand), you have a permanent resident address, your kid belongs to that school district, your kid has a medical file, documents (medical card too), everything, and without all the papers and the kid being "in the system", there's no way for a kid to go to school here. If I understand correctly, you can just bring a random kid to school, say "this here is bobby, he'll be going to school here", and they just take him? Without an ID, any checks, checks on parents, etc.? Same with jobs.... i understand the "under the table" jobs, e.g. picking fruit and getting paid in cash at the end of the day.... this is theoretically possible here too.... but people working in large companies? How do you get paid? How do you even open a bank account? Here, again, you need an ID and a tax number, every bank account is tied to your personal tax number, and you get paid to that account. When you start your job, the company has to pay for benefits (pension, medical, etc.), and those are tied via your tax number and paid directly to the government. Just to start working, you need to pass a medical exam, where they also check your documents, and even check your medical records from your personal doctor. As I said, i'm not advocating for anything, I just don't understand how you can do all that, without being a citizen, having your ID number, tax number, bank account, ID card, registered permanent residence, etc. (yes, there are exceptions, foreign workers get temporary tax numbers, and use special documents, kids of diplomats get special documents again, etc., but in general, if you're not "in the system", there's no way to do anything). But how do you explain the need for a "whole system" just to run one application? "Back in the days", you installed one package, edited one config, started the service, and it "just worked". Now i need to install a docker, type some docker install command, that pulls who-knows how many files, puts them in some 'weird' location, including the config file (which belongs in /etc), so instead of having a 2mb service, I now have a 1gb docker image sitting on my system, with a config file hidden somewhere, and I, the user, don't see any benefits, compared to just 'apt-get install'-ing something. I mean, I understand, daling with dependencies are hard for some developers, but sometimes is just overkill. To me, apt-get install always 'just worked'. Same for yum install, emerge etc. I understand it's easier to ship software as a "almost VM", but imagine everyone doing it... need a browser, download firefox docker image. Video player? docker image! Text editor? Docker image! If firefox can make it 'just work', and whole (eg.) lamp-stack can 'just work', why not others? Docker is a relatively new thing, and software worked for decades before that, without any real issues. > Some stains are also likely to cause cytokine storms in young, healthy patients. Wasn't this the case with the 1918 spanish flu? Kids had no issues, due to undeveloped immune systems, elder had little issues, due to old, shitty immune systems, and the 'middle' generations got fscked by the virus. Weren't there randomized antibody tests in multiple countries, dealing with just that (basically, calculating the approximate number of people who got it, and then comparing to number of people getting tested positive)? It's an (american) election year, so that would explain most of the politics and propaganda behind that. I always wondered just how much UV-C do you need to effectively kill the virus (power vs duct diameter and air speed).... because, instead of traditional masks, you could take a small fan, blow air into a pipe with a UV-C bulb inside, and pump the sterilized air to the human... basically something like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzGrh2io9Ds&app=desktop A bunch of people use telegram bots as a means of alerting themselves/other users (instead of emails and/or sms messages). The production server might have a 150 load, with swap 99% full and 0 disk space left right now, and you wouldn't get any alerts from the monitoring software, because telegram is down, and it has "never happened before". I have a router with a lcd display... I never use it (the display), because well.. it's a router, and it's hidden (literally) behind a couch. The problem here is also the research costs. Things, that were only in racing cars years ago, appear now in production cars. Basically, Mercedes can afford to try new things in racing, because it will bring them money in the long run, by selling those new features in their "normal" (road) sports cars. Even if we limit the research costs, some other Mercedes team will work with (eg.) engine optimizations for their production sports cars, and those findings will also find their way to racing. Even with mainstream car makers (which most of the companies there are), it's easier to develop racing stuff, if you then sell a bunch of very expensive, very fast street-legal cars, than if you sell mostly "normal, working people cars". Meh... even if you disregard the second half of your post, if you have a shitty job A or a shitty job B, it's still better to have a shitty job that pays 2x the money than the other one. Plus, in industry, if you're good, you can always go higher, earn more, move to other industries, and earn even more. In academia, you can pretty much just choose the (almost) same job in a different institution, which probably pays nearly the same salary (especially in europe... even if you change countries, in the developed ones, pay (adjusted to cost of living) is nearly the same everywhere). > Near the Washington Post article's end: "Throughout the trial, AT&T lawyers had argued that this "dismemberment" would hurt the nation's telephone network by raising prices to consumers and resulting in a deterioration of the phone system the nation depends on for defense communications and other emergency situations..." Excuse or not, this technically is true and it is possible things like this happen. ...but! Entry cost for telephony then (=building a whole new, alternative telephone network) is so expensive, that it's unrealistic to build one, except maybe in places with such population density, that the cost of new wiring is offset by the number of new customers in a small area. Compared to pulling new telephone cables for the whole country, making a new social network is very fast and cheap (apparently, takes 13(?) employees in case of instagram), and allows a slow-start (run the network on one $5 virtual machine, then get another, and another, then have issues with scaling and technical debt, but slowly fix stuff when money pours in), which means that even if facebook fails horribly after the breakup, 'someone new' will fill the gap. Once you have a couple of thousands of rows in excell files, one file per day, possibly one per testing center.... possibly with inconsistent structure.... non standard date formats (even different in each row),... add to this the inconsistent namings ("Tested at" column with data: "Testing center 1, London", "TC1, London", "TC1 London", "TC1 LONDON",....), etc... Yes, anything-sql or whatever would be better, but deciding between putting all the data into sql by hand, or "uhm... i'll think of something and do it tomorrow", me, being lazy, I'd pick the second option,... ...until i'd get shamed on here. Maybe even a few days after. ...but, you learned something new, and hopefully had at least some fun... This is bad for the local workers. Smaller labor pool = higer wages. So what? If there is not enough workers, they'll have to raise wages. What's wrong with healthcare workers getting 80k? (in reality, they'd poach someone elses workers, they'd have to raise their wages, and so on, then slowly there would be more workers due to more people going into field due to high wages, and if not, then get a H1B worker for 80k+). This! And when you reach 80k (or whatever the number was), you'll also be able to get H1B nurses. Don't you have high unemployment at the moment? The right solution would be, to require high wages for H1B visas - if you're hiring a developer, the minimum wage for the H1B worker should be (eg.) 1.5x average developer wage in that area/state. This would solve companies firing local workers and replacing then with H1B workers, and still solve the problem of a company 'really needing' that one worker. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff... How can you, an american, with a family, mortgage, car payments etc., compete financially with someone from a "shithole country", who's willing to work for very little money and live on a bunk bed with 7 roommates in a two bedroom living container? (literal situation currently in my company) ....or outright getting replaced by those workers: https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff... Don't you currently have relatively high unemployment? And how is staying at minimum wage (instead of raising them, to get people from elsewhere to move in) good for local workers? Don't you have a bunch of cities with unbelievably high cost of living (SF, NY,...), where people come (and sometimes live in tents), just because there are no jobs for them in "rural american towns"?