One of the huge reasons for manual door control in fires is that the IR sensor to detect if something is blocking the door can't tell the difference between a person and smoke. Door opens up on a burning floor, smoke pours in, door refuses to shut, everyone gets stuck and dies. To the non-firefighters, this is why there are so many signs telling you do take the stairs. Power failures too. If you want a conversation between more than two people, Wave kicks everything's ass. And unless you're the kind of group that's comfortable with setting yourself up a phpBB, I can't even think of anything that comes close. Wave's problem wasn't that it's not useful, it's that nobody knew about it (of people I know, it had 0 adoption outside of computer geeks), and it couldn't integrate with desktop applications. A lot of us are stubbornly hanging on to Mail.app and Entourage because they integrate with our workflow better than web based solutions. If google had come out with a a desktop Wave client that worked with OSX's address book, photo libraries, etc, it would have had a lot more draw. That sort of integration is less expected on Windows, but I'm sure they could have come up with some compelling features that the website didn't offer. Why does your application request access to the photos and videos I've uploaded to Facebook? I'm fine with you having access to my Twitter information, but this seems unnecessary. Rent a storage unit or sell things you don't need anymore? But without controlling their software, Nokia's almost entirely surrendered control over their product direction to Microsoft. Contrast it to Apple, where having their own hardware and software lets them do things like the retina display upgrade. In Nokia's case, MS says "This is what the OS is capable of," and Nokia has no choice other than "Ok, we'll make a touchscreen with some buttons that comply with your interface conventions." They're going from a mobile phone company to a widget manufacturer. It's a position not very different from where Dell, Gateway, HP, etc have been in control of product design, but unable to innovate in ways that would really improve the customer experience. So they're relegated to hardware design (within some pretty narrow constraints) and differentiating their computers by loading some shitty bloatware on and saying " doesn't have a dock on all four screen edges like we do!" There's still money to be made in the hardware business, but it's not something I'd aspire to were I in the cellular industry. It's better than being put out of business, but Microsoft's lack of direction in OS design is likely to hobble them as they try to compete with Apple's ecosystem. I mean, WM7 tried to copy iOS 1 and say "Nah, you don't need copy/paste". Apple's continued to make progress toward a capable mobile OS, and MS still hasn't fixed it. Do you see them having a good chance at competing in the long run? My prediction: Nokia and WM7 won't be able to compete on features or design, so they'll compete on price. As the smartphone market portion continues to grow, a lot of it will be on the bottom end, with people moving from crappy featurephones to crappy smartphones. If they can find a market niche, it'll be the people who just say "I want a phone," and not anybody who knows or cares any more than that. Which is a pretty big market to be calling a "niche," but it's got slim profit margins. Maybe they can make up for it in volume. While I bought Minecraft with the understanding that it wasn't done and I was helping support Notch as he continued to develop it, it's not a practice I'd do for a non-game product. I've spent well over $13 on games and had them turn out to not be fun, or only amuse me for a few days. If Minecraft didn't pan out, I've barely lost anything. If it turns out well, it will be more than worth the money. Were it something important that I needed for my job, or were the cost less negligible, there's no way I'd throw a bunch of money at something and hope the inventor/developer/designer finished it adequately. If someone walked up to you and said "I'm going to build an electric car to compete with Tesla Motors, give me $80,000 and you can have the first one" what would you tell them? EDIT: Kickstarter too. I've invested small amounts of money in things that I think are worth supporting, with the hope that they get finished well. But I'm not counting on it. It's a risk vs reward analysis that I'm willing to try, but only on small scales. I'm sure it can be done (for the majority of cases) without editing any HTML by hand. iOS has text selection, so text styling and linking can work the same way it does on a real computer. For things like image arrangement, that's generally done via CSS by applying a class that already exists. Doesn't seem like there are too many challenges, we just need someone to go and do it and make it look nice. Magsafe goes up to 85W for displays and 15"/17" laptops. zlib didn't have licensing issues, it just wasn't fast enough I assume you mean the Blender 2.5 beta? The UI experience for Blender 2.4 and earlier was the least easy interface I've ever seen. Granted it's fantastic once you know how to use it, but good luck with that. It's BMW's car. You're not allowed to use that gas station. Has a law firm ever not bragged about how confident they are that they'll win? I think the biggest error is the insinuation that all nerds are computer nerds. While it fits me just fine, I know plenty of nerds of other varieties. Regarding small talk, I don't think it's a lack of a system of understanding so much as a side effect of the relevancy filter. All that stuff people are saying to me? It frequently sounds like "Nice weather outside blah blah blah blah." Small talk about something I find interesting is another matter entirely. Spotlight opens files, does math, and gives definitions. Quicksilver does everything. It's based on an object/action system where you pick an object and do something to/with it. There are all sorts of actions, from relaunching apps, deleting, emailing, or moving files, running scripts (I use get ip frequently), reading text, etc. It also gives fast access to some non-file things, like address book cards (right arrow to drill in to contact information, which let's you make new emails). There are addons for a lot of things like bookmarks for various browsers, mouse gesture triggers, Cyberduck bookmarks, etc. It's fantastic if you prefer a keyboard over mousing. Should we ever have that much energy at our disposal, I think we're pretty likely to annihilate ourselves with it Right, but if you travel there semi-frequently, it would be nice to not pay for it each time. Cheap relative to the airfare, but every bit helps. How does data roaming work on European carriers? For someone traveling from the US, there could be a significant cost to using data in another country. If Europe's prices are more sane, it might not be an issue. I've got the last revision before unibody, and god is it a pain to get to. You pretty much have to take apart the entire computer. CFL induction lamps might eventually resolve this, but at least for now they're priced out of the general market Get Google voice, and port your existing number for $20. It doesn't do MMS, but MMS alone isn't worth the cost of keeping a texting plan. How about Bulldozer sometime soon? I've been putting off my upgrades to see how it compares to Sandy Bridge, but that Q2 2011 launch didn't exactly happen. I bet most people don't care. On a dating site for "fellow nerds" though, it might not fly. Or those with high bandwidth costs. While $40 might be more expensive than a single download, if you know multiple Mac users in an area with small caps it might make sense to split one of these. I'm curious how (/if) the license ties in to the App store. Hopefully they don't make you tie it to a single account once your computer is running. I'm not sure if it removes it after installing, but you can probably just copy it to another drive beforehand if you're concerned. If authentication is handled like other App Store software, you may have to enter your apple ID and password to run it after it's copied, but there shouldn't be a limit on the number of computers. You can also pull the disk image out of the installer and make your own, rather than paying the $40 premium I don't know of any option for that built into the OS, but a number of third party tools can add it. Quicksilver triggers are my method of choice, since I'm running Quicksilver anyway. That would probably add more expense than it's worth. The yellow part isn't just a plastic color filter, the lights use what's called a "remote phosphor", where it's internally using high powered blue LEDs, which is then absorbed and reemitted in a wider spectrum at the yellow layer. There are a number of reasons for doing this, but the biggest ones are that it gives it a large and more diffuse emitting area, preventing the multiple shadows from exposed LEDs, and (IIRC) that the phosphors tend to be more stable when not integrated into the LED. Probably because these services won't be around forever. It's relatively common for online services to vanish, even the ones that had been extremely popular (Geocities, for instance), and if all of your data is locked in, you lose it along with the service. The Data Liberation Front seems to be trying to untie your data from the services that use it, because it's yours and can still be valuable to you after you've stopped using said service. I think their vision used to be "Be good at email and good for businesspeople" At some point, they said "Hey, these touchscreen things are doing pretty well, let's get into the consumer market." But they had no idea how, and they've been releasing weak phones on a weak software ecosystem ever since. On the other hand, if they'd stayed in their original market, I don't think it would work out much better. Doing enterprise features nicely is great, and could sell a lot of devices. But Apple's "touchscreen on a little computer" model is flexible, and all it would take is an enterprise focused software update from Apple or a few well written apps from a third party. Competing against Apple's vision and manufacturing skill is going to be difficult to do, and in the long run I don't see RIM being one of the companies that manages to do it. At least for the computer icon in Mac OS, they haven't historically changed without visible design differences. I doubt they would handle iPhones differently. I could also see it as retaliation for dropping all non-unlimited texting plans after iMessage was announced, or for changing iPads from unlimited data to 2 GB/month shortly after release. I know a few people still on the 3GS, out of contract, and looking for an upgrade. If the iPhone 5 came out on another carrier (especially with an unlimited plan), they'd be happy to jump ship. I'm ok with slow to react, it would be really handy to have a page sized E-ink viewer that text programs could push content to. I wouldn't use an ebook reader enough to make it worth the expense, but without having to include memory, buttons, or much of anything beyond a USB connection and screen, it might be within my price range. That sounds awfully expensive. Apple used to have some parts that were standard, but with the direction they've taken the Macbook Air, I don't think it's got a single one left. Both the 2.5" hard drive and the optical drive are gone. It's still made of standard components like the webcam and processor, but beyond some electronics it's all designed in-house. And the electronics may not stay standard on the low end, though I don't see them competing with Intel's chips in the Pro lineup. Windows 7 also has a screen calibration assistant, somewhere in control panel. IIRC it's not nearly as helpful, but if your screen's that bad you could probably improve it. And the RAM is soldered onto the motherboard now, without replaceable standard modules The candela is based on Watts, but weighted to adjust for human perception. While the "standard human eye" could be considered a physical artifact, we use experimentally determined photopic (in bright light) and scotopic (in low light) response curves, which are supposedly fixed. It isn't quite as fixed as some measurements since the average human's vision could continue to evolve and change the curve, or because we could find out that we measured it wrong, but it's not dependent on a single physical sample like the kilogram. But it's not clear that Instapaper is allowed to put the files in Documents. According to the Data Storage Guidelines cited in the article: 1. Only documents and other data that is user-generated, or that cannot otherwise be recreated by your application, should be stored in the /Documents directory and will be automatically backed up by iCloud. 2. Data that can be downloaded again or regenerated should be stored in the /Library/Caches directory. Examples of files you should put in the Caches directory include database cache files and downloadable content, such as that used by magazine, newspaper, and map applications. I don't know if this is something enforced in the approval process, but it seems like Apple's intention is for redownloadable content to all be stored in temporary, wipeable locations. SuperCard is one clone that picked up where HyperCard left off, with the extremely similar SuperTalk language. It fixed a lot of Hypercard's issues, like built in color support, access to native UI widgets, multiple windows, and the ability to create standalone applications. Updates added both OS X and Intel compatibility. But it's definitely a niche product, which we've seen isn't something Apple is interested in. Supercard.us is down right now, so I'm not sure whether it's on the market or not. As Apple has discovered, the vast majority of computer users aren't interested in creating software; they're content consumers. SuperCard probably got as much use for making quick mockups before building a "real" application as it did by amateur developers. One thing that I'll give HyperCard is that it made it easy for me to play around with programming while I was in elementary school. Today's programming tools are largely not that accessible. And no talking about Google products either, they're a big company and don't need the free exposure. Another link, since the tweet is devoid of content: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/york-times-email-li... They sent out an email saying subscriptions had expired to the wrong list But you'd be lucky if the ebook hardware keeps working even a decade after your death. And there's no way to inherit your grandfather's books to use them on another reader; he owned a license to read them and it's not transferrable when he dies. This one aspect of the lack of ownership that I find problematic, but you don't see discussed as much. The way things are going, you won't even be able to inherit someone's kitchen table because they'd bought a $500 license for their immediate family to eat off of it. Died? Factory repossesses it. Upside-down-ternet http://www.ex-parrot.com/pete/upside-down-ternet.html How about the ability to hide your friends list from people you aren't friends with? Though they are making that complaint about the PS3, because you used to be able to No, but it does mean that accredited hammers were only available for $100,000 and up, it would still make sense for you to buy one. The problem isn't that you can't get educated outside of the university education system. It's that people assume that someone with a college degree is educated, and someone without one isn't. I consider that no more accurate as assertions that grade school students haven't learned anything unless they can pass a standardized test, but I don't think there's an easy solution. For the near future at least, college degrees will continue to be the main criteria for guessing if someone's qualified for a lot of jobs. When I was in middle school, I had a short black and white photography class. For one assignment, we developed black and white images and then colored parts of them using kool-aid. I shot a stop sign and colored it red. The idea that http://davidsutherland.photoshelter.com/image/I0000jSgkaCbPa... would somehow infringe on my copyright because it's the same subject matter and coloring is absurd. It's not my picture. I understand it's popular at Yosemite to try to replicate Ansel Adams' famous photos. Can his estate claim ownership of all of those photos? It seems like a dangerous precedent to me. Old battlenet (before SC2) could disable CD keys in multiplayer, and was a level of DRM I'm ok with. People hack, and having a mechanism to ban them made sense. It doesn't have to come with all of the "single account tied to your purchase" or "3 hardware changes" that we're starting to see. I'm pretty much OK with CD-keys, and I tolerate Steam because it hasn't had serious problems yet, but anything else I tend to distrust. According to ARAHB distance records: Rank 3, 1,965.23 mi, April 19th 2009, PBH-9 (Cornell U/LM) last known position Rank 5, 1,259 mi, April 4th 2010, PBH-10 I think it's a mistake for them to throw KA in the same category as traditional K-12 education in the first place. At least from my experience with it, people don't go on Kahn Academy to try to learn everything; it's more valuable when you're looking for knowledge about a specific subject, and you already have a reason for wanting to learn it. The article's main criticism is that KA doesn't try to talk about all the possible uses of the subject matter. I'd rather they didn't, or at the very least kept it separate. Unless someone's being forced to sit down and watch educational videos, that doesn't add enough value to justify the time spent. It may be that other competitors (including the ones you've mentioned) will try to fill the gap and take a more traditional education role. But saying something's bad just because it's not occupying the exact niche that the author wants it to? That's not a very useful criticism. I think it's a mistake for them to throw KA in the same category as traditional K-12 education in the first place. At least from my experience with it, people don't go on Kahn Academy to try to learn everything; it's more valuable when you're looking for knowledge about a specific subject, and you already have a reason for wanting to learn it. The article's main criticism is that KA doesn't try to talk about all the possible uses of the subject matter. I'd rather they didn't, or at the very least kept it separate. Unless someone's being forced to sit down and watch educational videos, that doesn't add enough value to justify the time spent. It may be that other competitors (including the ones you've mentioned) will try to fill the gap and take a more traditional education role. But saying something's bad just because it's not occupying the exact niche that the author wants it to? That's not a very useful criticism. Not on account of making it easier to multitask, I think. But I had an internship where I spent a decent amount of time taking comments and revisions from Design Review and making the changes in AutoCAD, for which two screens would have been a huge time saver. It's much more time consuming to do that sort of editing when you can't see the comments and the drawing you're working on at the same time. It was a small office, and the workstation I was on was only used when they had an intern, so it wouldn't have been a high priority. But you can get a 17" screen for $100, and I'd bet I would have had at least $100 more productivity on drawing revisions if I'd had one. What were you using before? Steering a car full of gyroscopes in fast moving traffic? Sign me up! I think it might look slightly better if the buttons were moved to be partly off-screen, something like this: http://i.imgur.com/8T26g.png The way it's demonstrated on the website, there's no visual indication that the window is partially offscreen except for the lack of a rounded corner, which isn't noticeable at a glance. The exact offset would have to be played with a bit, but letting the buttons push slightly off the screen makes it immediately clear that part of the window isn't visible. Another visual indication you lose either way is being able to judge how much of a window is off-screen. Normally, the title is perfectly centered all the time. You can look at how far the window extends to the right, and assume it does the same on the left. My minor edit to the buttons above doesn't help with this one. All in all, I think it's giving relatively minor gains in exchange for removing visual information about the size of the window. The effect is similar to Apple's choice to hide scrollbars in 10.7 unless you're actively scrolling. Sometimes you can judge from the context that there's more available off the screen, and sometimes you can't. Is it worth the trade-off? I wouldn't be too worried about the size, unless you're speaking from a purely aesthetic perspective. For usability, being on the edge of the screen makes it an easy mouse target. I wonder if that could handle changes in typing style. I've had finger injuries where I was deliberately typing softly with one or more fingers. Would I still be able to log in? That's really cool, I'd never heard of these. I imagine the flywheels are horizontal so that the bus can turn without trying to change their angular momentum, but I wonder if there's any effect on banked curves or going up hills. There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors. Another name option would be "hypercube," which means the same thing. It does make it sound more related to "cube" though. To play devil's advocate, her right to speech is also societally-manufactured. Without our social expectation that we should use technology to make the world accessible to people with disabilities, she would have had to get by without a voice. Even the ADA is a relatively recent addition, at the expense of a lot of architectural freedom (like the necessity of designing around ramps and elevators). The nature of patents leads to situations like this pretty frequently in medical technology, with the iPad app seeming analogous to generic drugs. Should we let the patents run their course and make assistive iPad apps eligible for insurance coverage? Limit the patent terms in cases like this? Abolish software patents altogether? There are a lot of arguable positions on IP, but issues like this one make it far more personal than most. If you hated to say it, couldn't you have left it out or just said "I agree" instead? The rest of your post doesn't depend on us knowing what you came here to say. April Fool's day, they're just being silly But it's written in UE3, which can make iOS and Android games. There might be significant changes to work around the platforms' limitations, but he won't have to do it from scratch. To make it in WebGL / Javascript, I imagine he'd have to rewrite everything . Busy working on The Witness. IIRC, they're not using a premade engine for it. On the other hand, there are plenty of reasons that NASA could still be important moving forward. Commercial launch vehicles might be the way to go, but commercially funded space telescopes sound less likely. I don't see any organizations better suited to work on space research, and Tyson would be pretty disappointed if we stopped it. They added a preference to get text in the buttons instead of the cryptic icons, which is a huge usability improvement. I still don't like it as much as the old gmail. I think Lycos is the earliest search engine I remember using It looks like http://i.minus.com/ibbwHvK38EiDQB.PNG for me. Are you in the US? And honestly, in some ways it's in their best interests to keep the electronics from developing quickly. If car electronics were open to external access, we'd have third party software running on iPads in no time. The slow pace lets them make incremental improvements at whatever pace they think is appropriate to selling cars. I'm reminded of a story from The Daily WTF where someone made a tenfold increase in speed by rewriting something, and their boss had them add a deliberate delay so they could let the improvements out over several releases. To improve it too much would be admitting that their previous version was poor, and they'd rather milk more modest speed bumps over several years of releases. On the other hand, with Zynga's penchant for liberal "borrowing," this seems a bit hypocritical of them. And we all remember the reaction when Nintendo announced that the Revolution's official name was "Wii". I still think it sounds silly, but it's no longer weird . Can't the Raspberry Pi run an AirPlay receiver via XBMC? It costs less, and can stream 1080p video. The 3.5mm jack for audio output isn't ideal, but it can also run audio over HDMI if you're set up for that. TuneBridge definitely looks like a more consumer focused option, but for the price you could put RPs in a nice case with custom software and still make a profit. If you don't mind throwing more of your data to Google, you can port your number to google voice and block as many numbers as you like. It even has spam filtering for calls. The other problem with owning a carrier is that they'd lose their reputation for perfect performance. If someone's iPhone isn't working, >90% of the time they'll blame it on AT&T/Verizon/T-Mobile/etc. If Apple owned a carrier, the network problems would be on them. My housemate has more or less replaced his 1st-gen MacBook with a used 1st-gen iPad, and he does most of his typing on it. Notes in class, emails, word processing, etc. A case with a stand is relatively cheap, and even at $60, Apple's bluetooth keyboard has been well worth it. Sure, cheap 1st gen iPads aren't available in infinite supply, but I would bet there are more of them available than Google will sell ChromeBooks. I don't think latency would be a problem. But it'd be clunky and not very Apple like, given the simplicity of their hardware and that they've spent years arguing that hardware buttons aren't all that great. Third party gamepads exist for playing iPhone games on the iPhone (via jailbreak or iCade emulation), but they're not very elegant. What happened with the restrictions on apps that execute user provided or downloaded code? I remember an app being kicked for including a BASIC interpreter and a rule banning any third-party interpreters on iOS, but it was relaxed to allow things like Unity games using LUA scripting. Has anyone recently produced an app that lets users program on iOS? The Red Bull and Volvic seemed particularly out of place to me, especially in that he made buying them one at a time a part of his daily ritual. Maybe he wakes up in the morning with a compulsion to throw his money away at a 7/11 instead of getting a 12-pack from the grocery store? Instead of filling his own bottle from the tap and drinking coffee for his caffeine like normal people who don't attach brands to all of their routines? I don't know the exact price of Red Bull or Volvic, but at $5 a day and 260 weekdays in a year he'd be spending $1,300/year. Convincing humanoid androids with enough space for a nuke are most definitely not a current 2012 destructive technology. Walking is still a challenge, let alone any sort of intelligence. I'm not really clear on what an AI has to do with it though. A remote controlled robot would be easier, cheaper, and more reliable, but even that's unnecessarily complicated. If you wanted to move something heavy through a crowded area without attracting attention, you'd just hide it in any of the common wheeled things we see every day. Like a wheelchair. Or a car. Or a truck. I'm pretty sure terrorists have "Let's put this bomb in a truck" figured out already. The 2010 Times Square guy solved the transportation issue, he just wasn't good at making bombs. EDIT: More to the point, almost any technology has the potential to be used for purposes that we don't like. The real question is about the people who resort to those tactics, why they choose to, and what means they have access to. The vast majority of the world is against nuking large groups of people, with androids or not. The ones that do don't usually have access to nuclear material, bioweapons, or advanced robotics. If anything, a "nukedroid," would be the next generation of ICBM, built to avoid missile defense systems. I don't think science fiction's common prediction of widespread androids is realistic, and there are plenty of equally far fetched weapon predictions that would be difficult to defend. What about a nuclear mole-bot that burrows under a city from hundreds of miles away before surfacing and blowing up? Or nanobots designed to infiltrate through a water supply? For the foreseeable future, metal bullets and explosives in conventional cases will be the most economical form of killing people and blowing stuff up. Braid has a pretty cool narrative going for it as well, not just the time control mechanic. Have you played it the whole way through? I really wanted to like hammerfight, but I had some mouse sensitivity problems that kept popping up. Do you know if it was made in flash? Definitely felt that way to me. They cane up with a fun mechanic for a game and built a cool world around it, which I can definitely appreciate. For the curious, this was resolved in a new Dropbox SDK that didn't include any links to the Dropbox website What's this about Silver UI? I read the article and can't find any mention of it; as far as I can tell iOS 6 looks exactly like 5 did. You should give Braid another go if you have the time, I played it on and off for months before finishing. In terms of games that make you actually think about what they're saying, I've yet to find a better one. "Art games" excluded because they usually aren't fun. If you're within warranty. If it's more than a year old (or three if you buy AppleCare), then you're on the hook for a whole new motherboard instead of a commodity stick of RAM. Which is fine and dandy, but "Pay 100% more for 'there's no other way to get a RAM upgrade'" is a pretty crappy deal. That HP battery's showing up as $160 for me, but point taken regardless When I think of pink, the first thing tha comes to mind is the "hot pink" used in breast cancer awareness and "girly stuff." This color is a mix of red and blue, putting it just shy of purple. I think magenta is the more correct name for it, but I'm more likely to attach pink to this color than to light red. Native English speaker, but there are probably other factors influencing our perception of colors. It doesn't seem to let you set custom search engines, which is a bit disappointing. More options than Google, Yahoo, and Bing was one of the reasons I'd been hoping for this. Even without that, the easily accessible incognito mode (Safari's is through the system wide Settings app), request desktop site, and bookmark sync is still worth more to me than Nitro/V8. On the jailbreak side, Browser Changer doesn't support Chrome yet. Hopefully that will come soon. Don't worry too much about that, it's only slower for javascript execution. The other features, including Chrome sync, unlimited tabs, "Request desktop site", more than make up for it. The real stumbling block, IMO, is that without jailbreaking, links from other apps will always open in Safari. Safari on the iPhone in iOS 5 only gets 8. I wonder if Chrome for iOS gets any sort of tab recovery on crashes. It doesn't happened frequently, but it's annoying when I have to quit and relaunch safari for whatever reason and lose everything I had open. He's not saying it doesn't cost anything to produce, just that the incremental cost of "manufacturing" one digital copy of it is next to nothing. Sure, there's a fraction of a cent of bandwidth involved, but they could make a billion copies of an ebook for more or less the same cost as making the first one. This doesn't hold true for an optical disc, where the disc has to be physically manufactured, have its contents written, be put in a case, and then shipped (probably across an ocean) to be sold. One would like to think that since they're spending less to produce it, some of the savings would be passed on to the consumer. But I guess people are largely willing to pay the same price, so it just ends up being extra profits. The customer can't do much about the fact that a huge chunk of the price goes to inflated "delivery fees." I'm not too familiar with Chrome's permission system, but can anyone explain why Cryptocat Chrome needs access to my data on all websites? Surely it's possible to restrict that to the necessary domains. You can go anywhere in life if you look serious and carry a clipboard I saw a site with a sale on used iBooks earlier today. $140 for a 12" 1.33 GHz G4 with a 30 day warranty. That's a 7 year old computer that can't run anything newer than 10.5, and won't run recent versions of any 3rd party software. I don't understand who buys these. Microsoft likes to take their product names and apply them in weird places. Maybe they can call it MS Bing .NET Fund. I wonder how much of a Bing tie-in the projects will. Red to have? If it's none, the name is silly. If it's too much and they try to force it, I can't see it doing well. That was supposed to say required, but I think I missed the time limit to edit Your lucky day, it's back in stock! http://www.megamacs.com/index.php?action=frameview&id=40... I'd rather spend an extra $100 on a decent netbook, mostly because of the warranty. Spending $140 for a piece of hardware that might fry in 91 days feels risky to me. I know some people have voiced concerns about Gatekeeper in 10.8, but this seems at least as bad. Especially from a normal user's perspective. I don't see how a DIY drone is any different from using an off the shelf RC plane and a wireless camera. The car one though, I have serious concerns about. There's an urban legend about cell phone viruses infecting cars via bluetooth, and while I don't know of any real cases of remote car hacking, it's not a happy thought. One would hope that self-driving cars will have their driving system disconnected from any networks, but I don't know if that's even practical. Their FAQ says it's a free beta of a paid product and to contact them if you're interested in using it commercially, so it probably won't be free for too much longer. It also often targets specific applications to steal credentials from. I know there have been badwares that harvest saved Steam account names and passwords (hopefully they're stored more securely now, but who knows?), and the same could be true for Dropbox email addresses. The address book scenario or dropbox breach both seem more likely, but it's worth keeping in mind. Any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word 'no' -Betteridge's Law of Headlines: I do understand that it's an opinion piece, but it sounds to me like his claim is that minimalism is all the same, and by being minimal they've decided not to come up with a unique design. But I can't pick out a piece of software or a website that looks the same as Metro except for the ones that are doing it deliberately. If Metro were "undesigned," you would think other people would have made the same "non-choices" before. "save" translates into multiple languages and is recognizable by people who have never seen a 3.5" floppy disk or who are coming to computers for the first time. Even further than that, the "Document" icon that looks like a page is becoming more and more foreign, as programs shift toward single purpose apps that handle all of their own data. It makes sense to people who are used to the paradigm of "paper" documents living in "folders" in their computer, but if you've never seen a directory or your app doesn't expose individual data files, a whole lot of other traditional icons start to turn meaningless. If anything, I think I make an argument against it. You can make an app look like a physical address book, but I've never seen anyone use a physical address book. You could make a YouTube player that looks like a television too, but to what end? Pretty soon, people won't have seen televisions that look like anything more than a screen with a thin black bezel. And as we move toward more unified gadgets that a lot of people have grown up with, what do we do? Make a mail client that looks like a smartphone because that's how people read mail? An eReader app that looks like a physical Kindle? I don't think a leather address book is any more valid than a 3.5" floppy save icon. A single purpose app for contact management should reflect that it's a database of contacts, sure. Should it reflect that it's a book? Eh. I'll admit that I find metro a lot more compelling on Windows Phone than on a desktop OS, but as a visual language I still thing it's an improvement over Aero. Things look less cluttered, it's higher contrast, and interface elements are obvious. What they haven't done is reorganize how you interact with the desktop OS. And I think that's a deliberate choice not to redesign the mouse/keyboard model for using toolbars, icons, and all the stuff people are familiar with in Windows. The full metro tablet apps are perhaps more clear and obvious, but that seems like more a side effect of the "poke things with your finger" interface than any defficiency of desktop Metro. It's more intuitive. Your browser probably shrunk the image he linked so that it fit. Try clicking for full size. Does "social proof" somehow differ from reputation? It feels like a new word for a much older idea, and I'm not clear on whether it's got some additional connotation to it. Google doesn't stand to lose much of anything. The other tablet manufacturers have released very few solid tablet products, and mostly at prices that put them at a disadvantage to the iPad. If Google can put out their own tablet with good build quality, decent specs, and reliable software updates for more than a month (I'm looking at you, every other Android device), then they're improving the image of the OS itself as well as giving consumers a better tablet to buy. What do the other manufacturers have to offer to the ecosystem? A few things, like the Transformer Prime, have been genuinely innovative devices, but it seems like they mostly just dump their own UIs on top of old versions of Android and act like that differentiates their products. Duplicate of http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4279118 IMO, the free plan is brilliant. They get people to front the money for putting in infrastructure, and as digital distribution of everything continues to grow, they'll probably start to see people transitioning over to the faster connections. $300 + $70/month is a hard sell for a lot of people, but if my parents could ditch Comcast for a one time fee I'm pretty sure they'd do it. Especially since if they were kids "Direct her to the BART" might not be an appropriate response >Talk about guns, then talk about drugs, and each of the two major parties literally adopts the arguments of the other. Not really. Neither party has many elected officials in favor of changing anything about drug laws. And the main argument in favor of legal gun ownership is about the right to defend yourself, which doesn't apply as well to cocaine, for example. The debate based on personal choice and responsibility versus increased government authority shows up almost exclusively from people of a more libertarian bent, but not necessarily on one side of D/R or the other. You sure about that? Section 8: Prejudice [1] (the only GFWL game I own) lists Games for Windows Live under 3rd party DRM. On the other hand, the Batman: Arkham Noun games [2,3] list SecuROM in 3rd party DRM but not GFWL. I'm told that these games are both GFWL titles. I don't know what's going on there, but it looks inconsistent. [1] http://store.steampowered.com/app/97100/ [2] http://store.steampowered.com/app/35140/ [3] http://store.steampowered.com/app/57400/ Just spotted it, the Batman games hide it in the System requirements: > Online play requires log-in to Games For Windows – Live So I guess it's in the DRM list if you need it to play singleplayer, and in system reqs if you don't. Seems fair, but I'd still rather have it be consistent. No reason S8 couldn't list it in both spots. It doesn't seem like they went to any particular lengths to hide it, just nobody bothered to look very hard, and you wouldn't expect them to be installing browser plugins. Sony's DRM system, on the other hand, was an actual rootkit and went to a lot of effort to bury itself in the infected system. Agreed. There's no game that my desktop doesn't meet the minimum requirements for, and won't be for at least a few years. I don't make a habit of checking them. Take a look at PySide. It's an alternative to PyQt with less restrictive licensing. You can use Qt Designer to visually edit GUIs, and then automatically produce the code for it using pyside-uic. I'm in a similar boat and just started looking at it recently, but it seems like a solid option. Nicer than Tkinter, I think. http://www.pyside.org/ http://zetcode.com/gui/pysidetutorial/ That's what Apple's shooting for with the App Store's sandboxing requirements, but I'm sure the typical HNer will continue to have a few programs that need to operate outside the limited entitlements that the App Store allows. Still, it'll be better to have a single digit count of those on your computer instead of anything being able to erase your home folder without asking. Better that than pushing legislation to ban 3d printers because they can infringe on copyrights Betteridge's Law of Headlines in action! I think it's worth pointing out when the title is a blatant attempt to get more people to read it. If they'd just said "WPA2 Isn't Broken Due to Defcon Hacking" then a lot less people would click through. I'll give him credit for starting off with "Quick answer: no" though. For business use, how many apps do you need? They're going to sell it to enterprise users by Microsoft Office, which is a safer bet for interoperability than Numbers/Pages/Keynote on an iPad. Apple beats them handily in number of 99¢ games and Instagram clones, but it's much more even in the areas that matter in enterprise. And how often do you need to ask a geek a question about an iPad? There isn't much of a learning curve, and anybody who has owned one can probably answer most questions. Hopefully (I haven't used it myself) the Win8 tablets are similar in that regard. In my opinion, it'll mostly depend on whether they do the 8-levels-deep-control-panel and features with no visible interface (like the desktop's start menu and sidebar). But not all software is created equal: the single-machine sign on limit is OK for games because you'd never try to play two games at once on different computers. But hell if I'm going to buy a copy of TextExpander for my laptop if quits (and needs a password to relaunch) every time I run a game on my desktop. I'd love to have an alternative to the App Store that doesn't mandate sandboxing and have Apple's mysterious restrictions, but Steam's DRM system is too limiting for me to be comfortable buying "real software" from it. Exactly like that! But with the toolbar at the top and less of the kitschy storefront skeumorphism. But interface wise, it's still nicer than anything I foresee coming from Valve in the next decade or so. Bodega really nailed the updates system. It found all of my non-app-store software that was out of date, and handled the updating with one click and a password. It's having trouble with Calibre, but Adium, Transmission, Pixen, BetterTouchTool, and others all worked fine. Thanks for pointing this out! The only areas I see Steam having an advantage are preexisting users, and the ability to sell cross platform (Mac+Windows+Linux) software. MSDN emailed me my password once. I've got this too. And strange problems with the Finder/Dock. Stuff like clicking a folder or the trash can not opening it, not being able to empty the trash, and programs that are running not showing up in the cmd-tab switcher. No show stoppers like the WiFi bug, but it's still disappointing. There was Seashore, which was a simpler image editor based on GIMP, but native integration never seemed to be a priority for GIMP. I think there's a commonly held view on open source projects that they're all doing you a service, and if you don't like the tool they wrote you can fix it yourself or use something else. I can't say there's anything particularly wrong with that view, but it doesn't always lead to the greatest user experience. I can only assume that someone (or several someones) with the time and knowhow to get this done finally came along and decided it was worth investing their time in. I doubt it's as exciting as working on the image editing features. Best one I'm aware of is Enqueue ( http://www.enqueueapp.com/ ) It looks like a great music player, but it's missing some Apple proprietary features. Things like Airplay, Podcasts, iPhone syncing, and anything else that couldn't be implemented in software sold through the App Store. I don't know of anything that can do those well except for iTunes, but I assume the feature bloat is part of why you're looking for an alternative. EDIT: There was a discussion here when its free beta was released. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3207736 If you don't mind doing some of the work yourself, Silent PC Review [1] has a lot of information on building computers with low noise profiles. I had an a GPU a few years ago (GeForce 8600) with a passive heatsink that performed better than the stock blower did, without sounding like a jet engine. It won't save you any money, but quiet gaming PCs are doable if you're willing to invest a bit more time. [1] http://www.silentpcreview.com/ Nopal suggests opening this in VLC: http://qthttp.apple.com.edgesuite.net/129opiygabsdvibsdfobsd... I believe Chrome's pdf plugin is based on Foxit Any idea what those printers use? I've heard of C&C machines carving hard parts out of blocks of metal, but 3D printing them would be really cool. Especially when you're working on an existing product. Maybe it took some brilliance to come up with the first version of Google, but once something grows into a bajillion lines of code with tens or hundreds of people all working on little parts of it, brilliance will only get you so far. Especially when you're working on an existing product. Maybe it took some brilliance to come up with the first version of Google, but once something grows into a bajillion lines of code with tens or hundreds of people all working on little parts of it, brilliance will only get you so far. Watts is not a useful measure of visibility for humans, I would hope they're using lumens. Unless it's safe to assume that it reflects very similar amounts of visible light to the moon, but I don't know if that's the case. In most contexts. But it's used frequently in "infrared light" too. Watts include radiation across the entire EM spectrum, from radio up to gamma rays, while lumens are normalized to human perception. You basically take the number of watts at each wavelength and multiply it by a factor that represents the eye's sensitivity at that wavelength. So 1 watt of IR is zero lumens, and 1 watt of blue light is fewer than 1 watt of yellow. Take a look at the spectral distribution of daylight [1]. You'll notice the area under the curve in IR is pretty similar to the amount of visible light. If the IR reflectivity of a comet were high and the visible were low (relative to the moon), knowing that they were reflecting about the same wattage wouldn't tell you much about relative brightness. [1] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Solar_Sp... I think Free to Play, while a nice idea, is somewhat misled. The end goal of a project like this has to be breaking even or making a profit, and if the free version is set up to be good enough to play long-term you're not going to convert as many to sales. It used to be that these "free versions" were billed as demos, with the implication that you try it out for 30 days, a chapter of the story, or whatever the developer chose to limit. And after you get through that, you buy the game to keep playing. Giving away 90% of the product and hoping people want the extra 10% enough to pay $15 for it doesn't seem sustainable. I especially hate this in competitive multiplayer games (looking at you, Tribes: Ascend), where you're absolutely at a disadvantage if you haven't bought stuff or invested a huge amount of time. I'd rather have the type of demo we used to get in games like Unreal Tournament, where you have the complete gameplay experience but only have one or two maps to play on. It's barely even different from the digital situation. This is basically taking HDCP and saying "Instead of pictures on a TV, now it's 3d shapes on a printer." Both are digital output devices, one of them just lasts longer than the other. Plus we already have printing prevention on physical 2D printers, but it's only used to stop paper currency counterfeiting, instead of being for private parties. Never tried it myself, but my understanding is that printers will cut it off and give you a link to http://www.rulesforuse.com instead. Still, 12 hours after receiving notice seems a bit extreme. Especially for content that wasn't publicly accessible anymore. CO2 dissolving does help with climate change, but causes ocean acidification instead. If it gets bad enough, the lower pH will interfere with a lot of marine life with calcified structures like shells and coral. The full impact of that on the ocean's food chain is difficult to estimate, but it won't be good. I more or less agree with this take. Windows 7 was good enough that a lot of people won't have a reason to upgrade, but as Windows 8 tablets become more common I think we'll see a "halo effect" on desktops. Having seen it running for a few months, there are a lot of nice things about 8, and once you get over the Start menu there aren't many negatives. And new computers will come with 8 installed, so that's some pretty significant adoption right there. Surface might make less money than an OEM license for RT would have, but there's no way another company could drive the tablet sales that Surface will. With the increased adoption, their cut from Windows Store software sales should make up for some initial shortfalls. Yeah. Enterprise users are going to buy Windows 7 tablets instead. Sarcasm aside, (some) enterprise users are going to buy tablets, and they're going to have Windows RT. Whether they adopt 8 on the desktop is a separate question, but if there's good uptake of RT that will give it a kick. Not for everyone in enterprise, certainly. And most people will still have desktops. But for a job that involves travel and a significant amount of work in Word, Excel, or PowerPoint, Windows RT tablets are a good fit at a comparatively low price. Most of the negativity about Vista was related to changes that were a good thing in the long run, but didn't have 3rd party support (updated drivers) out of the gate. SP1 fixed some problems, but in my opinion the bigger reason for SP1 being reliable was that the ecosystem had gotten its act together. Windows 8 might not have a lot of native metro apps in their store yet, but at least everything works properly. Fewer companies have the option of screwing it up out of laziness. Are you perhaps thinking of their change from .torrent files to magnet links? My understanding is that the tracker is something of a necessity. The hardware cost is sunk, but the additional electricity you use by serving things out over bittorrent instead of idling isn't. This is my point exactly. Thanks for putting it better than I did. Doesn't appear to offer the Pocketbook Touch. I can't find anywhere but eBay to buy them. Maybe this is cynical of me, but I think the preferred solution (from Apple's perspective) is to buy more iPads. Windows RT doesn't have desktop apps, they'll only be supported in Windows 8 on x86/64 processors. ARM tablets like this version of Surface are Metro only. Are there many games worth playing that sell for $20? Going rate on new releases is more like $60. >Even then, your files are still safe and sound on your computer and any other computers linked to your Dropbox account." Unless, as happened here, Dropbox erased the file and synced a blank version across all your computers. They they're safe and sound on any computer linked to your dropbox connection that hasn't been connected to the internet since the file got corrupted. If you catch it in the 30 day window when they keep old versions you're find, but there are files in my Dropbox that I don't use every 30 days. Agreed on not being sure that it's Dropbox's fault. But even if the user killed the file, you've got the same problem. A person running Time Machine (or similar incremental backup system) is a lot safer from this sort of problem than a free tier Dropbox user. Free Dropbox is better than nothing, but people can't keep assuming their files are safe because "they're in the cloud" and get synced to a few places. >Shading and round corners are skeuomorphic, as is indicating depth on a piece of glass. And flat background colors represent a uniformly lit smooth surface. I don't think that mimicking some basic material properties is really skeumorphic. It's more when that's taken to the point of looking/acting like a specific physical object (like Game Center's pool table felt) that I'd apply the term. On the other hand, even with those ASICs, the government could buy more of them than anyone else. And then make us pay for them. I don't think the threat is worth discounting. To track someone through a crowd, you don't necessarily need continuous facial recognition. You can tag the identity to a person once using facial recognition or other means (credit card or ATM use if you have that data), and then revert to a more basic motion tracking system to follow them around. I don't know much continuous object tracking across multiple cameras, but I highly doubt it's a difficult problem as long as the cameras have some overlap. Going out on a limb and saying he's an American. I think people here are somewhat conditioned to say that about everything because you can CYA when you overreact. Then it's a good thing Class 10 MicroSD cards are under $1/gig? ROT13ed and fixed the link: one minus derangements over permutations see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derangement#Limit_of_ratio_of_... Wait a sec, anyone I've given a check to could withdraw the entire contents of my account? I'd trust it more on my own computer than on any of the bitcoin exchanges. There have been a number of pretty giant security and backup lapses, and they haven't been around long enough for me to trust any of their reputations. My own computer on the other hand, is pretty definitely secure. And I can encrypt the wallet if I'm extra paranoid. This doesn't really extend to your average computer user, and I don't think BTC will take off in any meaningful sense until we have a user friendly and secure architecture for it. But the current state of being a currency for the tech-savvy isn't necessarily a bad thing. It's shorter than a most tablets, Nexus 10 included. But dragging something and having it move is a fundamentally obvious interaction. Can you really take "Thing that happens physically, but on a screen" and call it an invention? Could (or did?) someone have gotten a patent on a downward "gravity-like" force on a digital object, so that it falls when you let go of the mouse button? Has anyone patented "grabbing" an "object" with augmented reality glasses, and manipulating it in space? That seems like the most obvious extension of click and drag into the third dimension possible, and yet I have very little doubt that the patent office would grant it. It's a solid state drive. Plenty of us have them. I use LibreOffice on my own computers. If I ever had to exchange documents with anyone else, I don't think I would. A friend and I were trying to pick a format to use for some files we're jointly working on via Dropbox, and .docx was not sharing well between multiple pieces of software. I don't know whether Pages on his iPad was more of a problem than LibreOffice, but either way, we settled on Markdown. It's simple, has 100% compatible editors on all platforms, and works just fine for simple documents. I'd been editing the markdown directly in MarkdownPad, which seemed to behave as I would expect it with nested lists. Not sure what's available in the way of iPad clients (since I don't have one), but that's disappointing to hear that they might be inconsistent. They're better about it than the other phone manufacturers. Before the iPhone, it was more or less impossible to get a smartphone that wasn't loaded with non-removable carrier crapware. Apple's refusal to let AT&T do the same with the iPhone during their initial exclusivity deal was a big step. But now, Apple doesn't have as much leverage. If they walk away from negotiations and say "Sorry, no more AT&T iPhones," they're losing all of the customers that stay on AT&T and buy Android devices. And AT&T loses all of the customers that switch to other networks so they can get new iPhones. Apple did try to do something about exploitative text message pricing when they introduced iMessage. AT&T's response was to stop offering anything but unlimited texting plans. I'm saying that they used to because when the iPhone was new it gave them incredible leverage. If AT&T hadn't agreed, they'd have taken it to Verizon, and still made tons of money. They no longer get the same leverage that they had while offering an exclusivity agreement on the first iPhone. If Apple were to walk away from AT&T, both companies would lose a bunch of money. It's something of a "nuclear option," and Apple doesn't care enough about unlocked phones to waste their limited bargaining ability on it. @defen, Android lets you put widgets like weather, clock, stocks, etc, in your home screens. Something like this: http://phandroid.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07... While I see your point, that would basically make the statistic useless. I see that mostly as a crutch to let you use a Chromebook as something closer to a real computer. It hasn't been pushed in nearly the same way that ActiveX was. It's being downvoted because the the tone of your post does not fit the kind of conversation that Hn users want to have here I have family members who have used Apple products since at least System 7 (probably earlier, that's the first one I can remember). But they're still more comfortable with an iPad than a Mac. There are a ton of things that we assume are second nature, but are really learned skills. I think the notion that applications that aren't in the dock still exist (in the Applications folder) is starting to sink in, but installing software from disk images? You have to mount it, copy the program to the Applications folder, understand where it went so you can launch it, and then eject the disk image. I knew people when I was in high school (granted that was a while ago, but it wasn't their first time using a computer) who would download software and just run it off of the disk image every time they wanted it. Unless the developer has put in an alias and a background image to explain things, there's no indication that there's a better solution. Especially the animations. It's pretty disingenuous to show this level of smoothness when they almost certainly know it's not going to be possible. The more common version is people who say "Life isn't fair" while taking advantage of everyone else and generally being asinine. Out of curiosity, what's the problem with that? I assume he'd have the copper twisted together to make a good connection, with the solder just holding it in place instead of acting as the conductor. Anyone know if this system respects Do Not Track settings? I received no ActiveX warning with Windows 7 and IE9. What version are you running? Google Voice for example. Apple felt that another app having a dialer would be confusing to users. I'm not sure what excuse they'd have to block Google Maps, given the large selection of mapping apps available, but I wouldn't put it past them to come up with something. Does this still work when it has a few pieces of dust stuck inside? They take up space and make noise, but fans seem like they'd be a lot safer unless you're filtering air on the way in. We used to have something closer to it. Side effects included child labor, people burning to death in factories because the doors were locked, and Standard Oil, among other things. Even the most hard-line Libertarians will admit that "complete freedom" is overrated. Prohibition is very definitely a solution to some problems. Take drugs as an example: You can make an argument that marijuana, or even harder drugs like cocaine or meth should be personal choices. But those arguments have limits. For instance, nobody would run a "Legalize Vancomycin" campaign. Being one of our last resort antibiotics that remains effective against many cases of MRSA, preventing its overuse is critical. If not for our prescription drug system, it'd take less than a week for someone to start selling ANTIBACTERIAL SOAP! KILLS 99% OF MRSA! and the drug would become useless in short order. While I won't say that's analogous to gun laws, it's a good example of there being cases where prohibition is an effective solution, and there are absolutely situations where things should only be available to people with a strong need to use them. Saying that prohibition is never a solution reeks of the same aversion to complex opinions that the linked article was written about. Admittedly, the libertarians I've spoken to personally have some concept along the lines of "Your freedom ends where mine begins," and don't think a society where someone might feel entitled to murdering you over a parking space would be a good idea. But I could probably have worded it better. In any case, I don't see "complete freedom" for everyone as a concept that can even exist in the abstract. If you have complete freedom, I can't (as a silly example) lock you in my basement and make you sew Snuggies for 20 hours a day. But one definition of freedom (#3 on dictionary.com) that I think applies here is: > the power to determine action without restraint. If slave ownership isn't permitted, then I don't have that power. Either you get "complete freedom" or I do. Replacing "overrated" with "not possible/feasible" should make it a bit more accurate. >Prohibition: Noun The action of forbidding something, esp. by law. A law or regulation forbidding something. I don't see how it isn't prohibition. What differentiates it from any other prescription drug, especially those with recreational uses? Would you apply the word to marijuana, but not to OxyContin? Regarding your last point: If there were a massive outbreak of something best treated by Vancomycin, I'm sure we would see arguments that it should be available over the counter to anyone who wants some. And that would be a terrible idea because of people who would buy a bunch and take it constantly, figuring it would keep them safe. And maybe it would, but at the cost of Vancomycin becoming a less effective treatment, and overall a lot more people dying. That's one aspect of the argument that does fit pretty well with the debate on firearms. Last year I had a few weeks between real internet connections at my house, and it really drove home how bad an idea these systems are. Even Steam, which ostensibly has an "Offline Mode" did not do as well as I'd have liked because one of the residents didn't have it set to log in automatically. So now we're in a situation where all of her games refuse to open and we won't be back online for a while. But you'd think Steam would have no problem authenticating through a tethered EDGE connection. It's not a ton of data, and it doesn't need low latency. But it didn't work. Even if webpages loaded (albeit not quickly), Steam would not log in. So it strikes me as incredibly arrogant for companies like EA and Ubi to come along and tell me that these always online systems aren't a problem. They are. And it sucks how many users accept them. Even when we're not talking about days/weeks like I discussed above, small Comcast outages here are not uncommon, and it's crazy that games will quit or entirely refuse to run when they happen. I absolutely agree that they should have seen the reaction coming. The same kind of systems have been in place with games like StarCraft 2 and Assassins Creed, and they've all gotten similar receptions on sites like Reddit. If you have Steam set to remember your password and log in automatically, it's fairly reliable. If you prefer to not leave passwords remembered, Steam will not launch even in Offline Mode until you restore the connection and authenticate. This is by design. http://i.imgur.com/NXCpk.png While I understand the reasons for designing it this way, it's still very annoying to be caught off guard by it. I'm glad that nobody could get access to any actual account data like my friends list, time played, etc. But I'd much rather it be a system like the Mac App Store, where software will run no matter what once it's been downloaded, and running things I've installed is entirely separate from my account authentication and anything with personal information in. I think that a lot of people are aware of that; they question whether it actually adds value to the game. Given the choice between an entrepreneur that moves between cities (and other similar features) or a game that works when the internet goes down for 5 minutes, I'd take the latter. Having interactions like pollution between neighbors is pretty cool. But there's no good reason it couldn't work with AI neighbors too. The online only features feel tacked on to force players into staying online all the time. Perhaps a more important point that I should have mentioned: I can still play Sim City 2000 (published in 1994). Games like this that depend on online servers for basic functionality? I doubt they'll work in 18 years. Google Maps for iOS lets you double tap and drag up/down to zoom. It's a pretty nice implementation, just harder to discover. Spotify was a big one, but it looks as though they added non-facebook signups back in recently. I don't know the source of their data, but this map from BP Solar puts Germany on par with most of Alaska (and worse than anywhere else in the US) http://www.amerescosolar.com/sites/default/files/insolation_... This is something that's allowed for in some solar regulations, using a system called Virtual Net Metering. It works the same way as normal net metering (where power sent back into the grid runs your meter backward), except that the power output can be allocated over multiple people's electric bills. IIRC, there are community solar projects that do exactly what you describe. http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/energy/DistGen/vnm.htm Pizza places have maybe 20 ingredients in stock that all get used at a pretty predictable rate. Keeping something like a much larger selection of fruits available and fresh when you can't freeze them is a somewhat harder problem. Am I the only one who thinks this is a terrible idea? Normal people don't have the time to vote on every single issue; we have our own jobs to do. A system like this just means he'll be voting with the loudest minority for everything that comes up. Microsoft predicted this to an extent, just a few months back: http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2012/11/micros... I don't see how it's misogynistic. A woman on a dating site who didn't want to settle down and raise a family would probably have the exact same reaction to a single father's profile. Maybe there's a more polite way of phrasing it, but if you don't want to be raising a kid, then seeing one as "extra baggage" doesn't seem like a stretch to me. Edit: As sfall points out, he wrote "extra" and not "massive"