Still don't understand why this site has any respect, they just spammed Google results then locked the answers behind a sign up wall to build their userbase. You know it's bad when Gruber's blog is being held up as a less biased alternative. He's been so soft on them lately on anything except the Watch, even then he's been pretty soft. > The cable bends very unnaturally and is gradually torn from the magnetic connector Same thing happens with the Magsafe anyway, the eco friendly material they decided to use frays too easily. Just means they can't use certain OS X tech like iCloud > when most of their target audience will never even make the thing sweat Really? First thing I thought when I saw it was how cool it would be for 3D sculpting. There are more uses for high end GPUs than gaming. >If they had "offered a touch screen instead", the users would have to hold their hand horizontally which would get tiring in about 5 minutes and unbearable after 10. Works fine for iPad users on the sofa. This is the same logic as "iPhone users only ever use the bundled headphones anyway so why need a jack?" (which also can't be used with the new MBP) > Traditionally, such file managers use function keys for common tasks (eg. copy with F5) On Mac, you have to press Fn to get the function keys, which is very inconvenient or just press cmd+c, easier than reaching to the touch bar. I'd actually say devs (web/mobile) are one of the only professionals served by this laptop. They don't need high powered GPUs. This however is a massive kick in the face to anyone working in design, art, 3D, video editing or effects. The only other professional this seems to target is the professional blogger. What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? > My audio doesn’t work From the article. Not sure why people still pass this around as if it's positive. This reminds me a time when I used to work closely with a development team in a startup, it was very frustrating to work with them because every little modification to things like functionality, Git workflow, Javascript framework and the like would be accompanied with several hours of "dev strategy" and scrum meetings, time that the developers would waste thinking and prototyping new ideas for the tech stack for their managers, I say "waste" because most of the time they would end up with a system similar if not identical to the original. re-branding != a logo. This is like whinging that an entire e-commerce system was just the compiled index.html Someone with nearly 30K followers would feel this way. Can't say I see that much that needs saving as an average user of the service. I'd actually rather it crumble and see what someone more competent can do in the space. Worrying that they outlived displays and Mac Pros Rumours to ATP.fm podcast (very close ties with apple employees) has heard a bunch of stuff including "No one is working on the Mac Pro" >How many Pebbles do you see in the wild? Now, how many Apple Watches do you see? Almost the same number for me. That said I barely see any Apple watches and most people I know who bought them have left them in the bedside drawer long ago Their internal target would have absolutely been "Less than 5mil+ is total failure". Low goal is just good for PR and means you actually get some money rather than none if you fall short of your secret real goal quicksave/quickload encourages bad game design. Look at games with save anywhere abilities that include elements of chance like Skyrim and Fallout. So you are able to pickpocket and use charm in these games but because you can save anywhere does anyone ever live with the chance these things fail? Of course not they just try>reload>try>reload>try>succeed. Making that whole skill set pointless and the mechanic pointless Great example of someone justifying engineer driven design over user driven design. Not understanding at all why it was made that way in the first place. > You can ship a fully compliant USB-C 3.1 cable for probably 40 cents more than a cheap version. It makes no sense to start a rollout this way, especially from a company like Apple You're talking about the company that no longer ships power cables with a little plastic clip to keep them tidy and now sells the extended lead as an extra, both of which have been in every one of their laptop chargers for 15 years+ > and also dabble in cars Nice they get to dabble in cars so a handful of SV/SF CEOs can drive around in a space black siri powered car in a few years. What a worthwhile endeavour. Meanwhile the tool I use all day every day at my job is getting worse and worse and the tipping point where PC maintenance and dealing with Windows is starting to look very inviting to gain access to that raw computing power their platform is failing to provide. > Apple just built a space-age campus as big as a town Wonder how much director time was spent signing off the minutiae of that project VS these so called Pro laptops and the touchbar as a concept over the past 2 years. think people in the industry are just desperate to try and find justification and sanity where there really is none because it makes them feel the whole system is more stable than it truly is. The reality is there is no reason for GitHub to have this much funding and spend so frivolously. This should be a warning. It's not a nightmare scenario, they literally let terrorists use the platform no problem Tired of hearing devs reel off these projects like they actually matter. None of that is user facing, none of that is worth the thousands of employees. Stop looking at everything with dev eyes. Someone will reply to this reeling off things like bootstrap etc as if they actually matter and justify the millions in high expense developers > Or Photoshop Consistent 20-30% processor usage no matter what the processor when not in focus and no files open. Getting tired of people pointing out that "it was never accurate, it doesn't know if you're going to open a game in 20 minutes" as if it's some sort of massive revelation and justifies this move just to make up for their design problems with their latest laptop because the shaped battery didn't work out in time to ship. > if it runs on the GPU It will struggle to function at all seen as no Apple machine ships with a decent CUDA card. > There are flaws that make this model a definite downgrade from previous models Only if you go back to the 5, in form factor/design it's an upgrade in absolutely every way over the abysmal 6-series apart from the headphone jack. Back of the 6 is full of dirty antenna lines, the materials it was made out of look and feel cheap and slippy, the camera wart is just another component stuck to the back. 7 has a premium black option again finally that provides much needed grippyness, camera thought still warty is an equal distance from the edge not lopsided and actually machined out the case, antenna lines are finally almost invisible again. The current Mac Pro is mostly designed to work in studios where everything is on network storage. If you're working on video over the network you can use two ethernet cables for faster network access Just find it utterly surprising anyone is willing to invest time bringing Dropbox products (other than their core storage product) into their workflow considering their track record of killing off even popular products. >Were those not acquisitions that withered as opposed to Dropbox new product ventures? Why on earth should that make any difference to the end user? Bottom line is they shipped them and then canned them. > To be fair a majority of the big technology companies all write their own tooling for many things that already exist because they didn't quite fit the way they needed them Too many engineers syndrome comes to mind too. Great tech, shame about the name Shocked Ash Thorp had anything to do with the remake, thought he understood the original film better than this. Taking his self initiated GITS project into consideration. >please recognize the determination it takes to make it that far. Why do you say this? Isn't it more likely that many women prefer to take on the role of a mother, and if they've been in a high paid engineering position they likely have a partner who can provide for both of them while they raise children. Slaving away at an engineering career doesn't seem all that appealing after you've had the rewarding experience of raising your children. > So, Facebook’s argument is essentially that because there are not as many women in higher-ranked engineering roles, their code is subject to more scrutiny. But it’s problematic that women, which only make up 17 percent of Facebook’s technical department, are not in higher-ranking roles Think it's time SV faced up to the fact it needs affirmative action for engineers who identify as women. This problem isn't going away, anonymised code reviews would be beneficial too to fight male managers in-built prejudices. Remember when people kept claiming Facebook buying Instagram wasn't a bad thing because "they're not ruining it" "They're just leaving it as the same old Instagram". Why not sell your data to actual public transport to make their systems better? Why must startups keep reinventing busses (without the poor people) There is a reason installations list the materials they're made of in the title card. Take a work like Love Remembered [1] this could have been easily created using actual pills but making the piece with actual pills is a completely different work of art than painstakingly sculpturing a representation of real pills. The same way Crematorium [2] could have been recreated using sculptured cigarette butts and a synthetic smoke smell but it wouldn't be the same experience as walking up to the piece and about a meter or so away the stale stench of smoke hits you (the piece genuinely reeks) and knowing that it's real stale cigarettes. [1] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS6220DtlL1_77... [2] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS469rt1_771_0... Think this is only one side of the story though, what about people who had worked there just doing their job and you're being told there is something wrong with your culture and this person is being brought in to fix it. It's a big company the whole thing can't just be a frat house there must at least be some percentage of decent people trying to do a job that are now being told there is something wrong with them. (Not to mention the whole idea of a remote worker involved in any sort of culture change is utterly absurd) To me you're all arguing about the wrong issue. Some data scientist made a small survey faux pas, and now they're being called out in a lengthy blogpost about how bad and un-inclusive the company was to work for. How can anyone work with this person without feeling like they're standing on eggshells? How must the woman who wrote the survey who was just doing her job feel today if she reads this? Disappoints me that major creative tools for VR are mostly being pushed out by the likes of Google and FB who are extremely likely to drop the projects within the next 2 years as their objectives shift because they're not creative tools companies. Would be much happier if some indie devs took up this space. > they felt perfectly justified in escalating the situation So they should have been, being accused of transphobia is a serious accusation. Anyone accused of anything like transphobia, homophobia, islamaphobia or any other of these discriminations is absolutely right to escalate the matter straight away to their manager or HR. > The data scientist was not even named She was gendered, how many data scientists work at GH? How many are female? She was narrowed down enough that she may as well have been named IMHO and transphobic is a serious mark on her character. Especially from someone who has tried to push people off projects before for being transphobic. This seems like a petty thing to complain about to me considering how excellent the tech is and how it makes interactive graphics attainable for so many people. Babies are not born with beliefs they can't change. But they are born with a race they can't change. It's not the same. TIL being Chinese isn't an objective fact it's something you can stop being true if raised in the right society. By this logic white people raised in certain parts of America are African Americans. Worst thing Twitter ever did was teach you what people you once respected are really like. Can't believe I ever looked up to him. > The Anarchist Cookbook I remember this being passed around between kids in the computer science lab on a floppy disk when I was about 13. Shocked that the idea startup people can “save the world” is still going strong in Q4 2027 Would have hoped the last year would have shook you all to your senses > and learning the unspoken rules around how to hire guys on a street-corner is not something I'm interested in. Classic SV/SF “I want this service, without having to interact with poor people” next step up from bus as a startup laundry delivery as a startup etc Actual abusive content or just abusive content Reddit staff dislike? Some bullying subs have been rightly banned but major ones like /r/cringe /r/srs and /r/cringeanarchy remain. I’ve never seen them on pro either. Maybe there is an option to turn them off on install that everyone but me missed. So just like the most popular ARM computer on the planet then… This is the norm for ARM, as much as we don’t like it and it will be the same when Apple eventually ships an arm laptop. >A clever CEO would have rolled out an optional new game mode built around Wilson Boxes, waited until players were used to the idea, and then tried to encourage players to engage with this new mode of play by quietly neglecting the original mode and focusing their free content updates on the mode driven by Wilson Boxes. That would be scummy and money-grubbing, but it would at least be the cunning form of scummy money-grubbing. GTA 5 comes to mind, single player has nothing to do once the main quest is over and unless they fixed in the car spawning uses a seed based on mission completion (I suspect) so it gets stuck spawning the same 3 bad cars over and over. No DLCs no extra missions no nothing but cosmetics and events for GTA:O and funnily enough this range is one of the less ridiculous looking ones. The non-Founders Edition cards all look even more like glowing kids toys. Wish they'd ship the a version of the GTX line with the design language of the more boxy looking Quadro cards (M4000 etc). I know some people are happy about this happening because currently the demonetisation matches their own beliefs/politics/dislikes. What happens though if this is outsourced out from Americans doing the moderation to cheap labour in other nations that don't share your beliefs or politics. If one thing is clear it's that we need competition in this space. If it wasn't video games it would be something else. I just can't really fathom what sort of user needs this much (supposed) power today but is willing to have it locked down unable to add more power at a later date. https://blog.prototypr.io/google-and-the-resurgence-of-itali... this article might help you understand what they're trying to achieve Not to mention Apple is trying to move away from OpenCL so GPU renderers will all need to be re-written in Metal to truly take advantage of OS X. This machine only serves rich youtubers who use Final Cut Pro. > not even Apple goes this low. Apple goes just as low, OS X asks me every day to update to High Sierra and the option is only "Later" and it can't be swiped away quickly like a normal notification. I ran an iPhone 4 for until the iPhone 7 launch, I used to keep it on iOS7 because after iOS4 rendered my 3G unusable I knew to no longer update. Every single morning it would ask me to update, which I had to carefully dismiss. It would always download the update filling up my phone to the brim which I would have to then manually delete. If my phone was full it would give me another option offering to temporarily delete apps (Which it claimed would have data restored from iCloud but I knew they would not). My Mothers iPad auto-updated locking her out of her painting app (Brushes, as used by David Hockney), I had to use a dodgy 3rd party app to extract her documents or they'd be lost for good. At least Microsoft gives you options to downgrade and supports old OSes, unlike Apple who stops handing out the encryption keys. Actually met my oldest friend on ICQ random chat. Lost touch with everyone from High School, University but still chat to him most days and visit when we're in the same country. Maybe there is hope for it. Sorry I meant 4S, which supports up to OS 9. I notice a lot of Apple users who update devices and OS religiously get defensive as if this stuff doesn't happen. I encourage them to try to live behind updates for once and see how bad the user experience can get. > what is holding Apple back? If you worked at Apple would you want to be working on Apple Maps? I just doubt any of the core talents in Apple are interested in it at all, it's not what the company is known for. At least a laptop can become more, the opportunity to delve deeper in the system or learn how to code your own applications is always there if the curiosity should ever arise. Tablets on the other hand... literally just consumption devices, even creative applications in them are locked up and siloed unable to inter-operate. I don't think we can really compare 3 years to the 15 years Duke Nukem Forever was in development for. If we're talking videogames plenty of games have 3 year development periods. I definitely feel this is more about getting devs who make pro apps on the Mac to start shipping iPad (Pro) versions. Tim Cook still believes iPads are the future of computing, literally "Post-PC" to quote their recent advert. Yet very few people are making serious productivity apps for the iPad Pro. > Imagine if all new software created was immediately available on iPad Alternatively imagine if all new Macs were created with touch screens and pen input like all new Microsoft machines are. Wonder what 4chan users actually think about their platform, wouldn't be shocked if they feel the same way the article writer does about Mastodon. I mean there has to be some reason people spend their time there. I understand the security benefits but I can't help but just look at this as yet another piece of disposability on an already very "disposable" piece of 5K+ (starting) hardware. How many iPhones are now in landfills because you couldn't downgrade the OS to an old version that would be usable. Wouldn't be so sure considering the sort of machines people are building would slot into the iMac Pro slot in their lineup in terms of power. Of course they wont care about $400 hackintoshes but if people are putting together $2K - $3.5 ones it starts to look more in the ballpark of a lost iMac or iMac Pro sale. Considering they identified one of the issues as designing themselves into a thermal corner and the next thing they do is design the iMac Pro with extreme thermal constraints too I'd be skeptical if they had learnt anything. Modern Apple doesn't backtrack lightly, just look how they're still pushing the butterfly keyboard despite it being breakable with single specks of dust. >They should admit that they produced shit and start talking to their customers and show that they care. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but isn't almost every modern CPU vulnerable in some way with Spectre? If so isn't every modern CPU manufacturer "producing shit" in your eyes? Not everyone who is capable of becoming an engineer sees it as something they actually want to spend their lives doing but the skills children develop with toys like Technic are still valuable and have applications beyond just engineering. >I agree that I rather hand my kids a tablet or smartphone then putting them in front of a TV or game console. Is an actual computer not an option? Is an (Android or Apple) tablet a computer though? I went through similar turmoil pricing out dodgy eGPU builds to do CUDA on my Mac. Eventually I realised it wasn't worth it and I may as well just build a PC with the ability to add more GPUs down the line. It was definitely the right decision, sucks they I had to move that part of my work away from MacOS but if Apple isn't interested in seriously supporting this work then why bother (This was long before the iMac pro was even announced and my current build outperforms it for less than half the price). The message from Apple is clear, this is not the platform if you are interested in working on the cutting edge. > I was checking out the Vive because everyone seems to be using it for development Not everyone, and the Rift is at a bargain price now. I was blown away with the Rift experience and quality of the product, definitely worth the asking price. Maybe more Outsider Art Blew my mind as a kid when I didn't really understand the skybox but I think I left one of the 4 armed guys in that area on the map and when I went into the level he was towering over the level like a giant. I thought the iPhone X did this (I haven't used one) but after looking it up it's just a video file [0] [0] http://universaleverything.com/projects/iphone-x-wallpapers/ My understanding is CES is a big deal for retail buyers. > But the updates are forced, so that fucks you over as a user Linux is the only modern OS that doesn't do this, all OS updates are forced it's just some are forced more gently than others. I have to postpone the the OS X update dialog daily and the iOS one about once a week. This has to be done carefully because if I press the wrong option it'll update itself in the middle of the night. Same could be said for Macs in movies and TV in the 90s > Oculus should put games on the back burner To be fair Oculus are one of the ones in the industry looking beyond games. Look at Oculus Medium[1], it makes something that was extremely fiddly and required hours of practice into something instantly intuitive. I don't actually think VR will hit the mainstream, work like spreadsheets just don't benefit much from being in 3D space. The true magic of VR is the hand tracking, being able to interact with computing with both hands in 3D space. Definitely feel VR will find it's workplace niche in the creative space rather than standard office work. Worth mentioning too that games are an innovation driver, so don't discount them so fast. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m1Jm_Osxls You're not locked into their service at all, you can use Steam VR content on it and you can run arbitrary .exes on it. It's less of a walled garden than tablets, smartphones or consoles which almost everyone just seems fine with. The Venus image was one of the ones bundled with Deluxe Paint, Just seems he's duplicated the eye. Feels we might be attributing a mistake as a conscious piece of art. Why even leave the house then if your life is so terror filled? It's a concert not a war zone. Why even let them leave the house if the world is such a horrible and dangerous place. Seems like bad parenting if you're knowingly putting in situations where such horrors exist that they'd need to escape them. I built a Windows machine for 3D work and VR just over a year ago, after being a Mac only user for 15+ years. Honestly my Win 10 experience has been the total opposite, it's been stable, fast, minimum update nagging. Overall I've actually been shocked how stable and hassle free the experience has been. Maybe I just got lucky with the right combination of hardware. > Apple refuses to support anything else than Apple Music I was pretty appalled when I installed the first version of OS X with Siri and then the first thing I did was ask it to play a song from my iTunes Matched iTunes library and it had no idea what I was talking about because the artist (Kanye) wasn't on Apple Music. My iPhone 4S I was using at the time could do this feat just fine but the so called latest and greatest can't manage it because Apple wants to force Apple Music on me. I disabled Siri a few moments after this. > but it is also a way bring new users into the Mac ecosystem Does Apple want new users in the Mac ecosystem? I thought Tim Cook's future was "Post-PC" Maybe it's just the mishmash of corporate speak but that statement says the exact opposite to me. Think my point is more what would Tim Cook say if he didn't care about the Mac Mini at all going forward? I feel it would be similar to that statement. It hasn't been updated in 3 years and the phrasing he used didn't mention "future" just "an important part of our product line going forward." which is pretty non-committal IMHO In the UK the police can knock on your door for an offensive Tweet. If what happens on the internet has such serious implications then so should abusing power on the internet like this. The author mentions the "Squircle" but doesn't mention the actual reason this has made an appearance in iOS. Apples Industrial Designers use this shape for corners on their laptops because the reflection is creates is a smooth gradient across the entire curve of the laptop, if you use a basic bevel it creates an ugly hard shine. So the reason this has moved to iOS is because the ID team and Ive have much more influence there than they did in the early iOS days. As for the notch and the screen edges my personal belief is this is all down to industrial designer bravado. The brief for the iPhone X is "Equal margins on all edges at any cost" this is why Touch ID had to go and they justify the notch because to the left and right of it there is a margin to the device edge that is equal to the bottom and the sides of the device so in the Industrial Designers eyes they have achieved the perfect symmetrical device (Look at Apples recent laptops to see how much emphasis the current put on symmetry above all else). My theory is the ID team at Apple would look at the "edgeless" Galaxy S8 screen and scoff that it's not truly edgeless because the margins are uneven. In Apples industrial design team's eyes these phones have uneven margins so are failed designs. Even though the margins on the X are sleight of hand because of the notch, they still believe this is a truly edgeless phone and by looking at the object it's pretty obvious the brief was equal margins on all sides at any cost. What's the issue with people making their own space look like Geocities if it's what makes them happy and is how they want to express themselves. Would also like to point out that customisation on MySpace is probably responsible for a whole generation of not only developers but non-tech focused people learning how to code. Met a lot of artists and designers who now work on the internet who MySpace was the starting point. I have a theory that the current generation growing up with their young artists only working through streaming platforms are going to have a tough time in 20 years reliving songs they loved of their youth because the streaming platforms they listened to them on will be long dead and no one bothered pirating it and sharing it. Case in point it's super easy for me to find discogs of even unusual artists I grew up with on torrent sites. But if I search for artists mentioned a lot in the indie music press today I really struggle to find anything on the torrent sites. I don't trust corporations to look after their own cultural artefacts. Karagarga is a beautiful example, passionate individuals will mash together video from one movie release, audio from another and subtitles from another to create a competent release of a film because no perfect copy exists. They'll do it purely for their love of the source material. Think it's interesting how angry website miners make people vs just a banner ad also consuming your entire CPU. Definitely feel it has an element of Bitcoin FOMO to it. The idea someone used their CPU could get rich off it angers people more than just a badly coded ad using the same amount of CPU. (Not saying the anger isn't justified, purely an observation when really the power wastage is the same) > This "over-engineering" is happening all over Google products This is absolutely a thing at Google IMHO. Remember the last major version of Google Maps, ran silky smooth on low end hardware, searches went where you expected, in and out no problem. Then someone decided to try for glory and improve on perfection by re-engineering the entire thing. Now it sets the fans off in my macbook within a few seconds of appearing and they run for the duration, searches zoom out and show results 5 miles away on the other side of the major city I live in when I just want to see restaurants or coffee shops near me, constant back and forth jank from result lists to items. Went from an app that was a complete joy to use to something I dread to interact with. Would Apple still even bother to sell the Watch if they had the Apple ideal version of AR glasses. If your PC is on and your Rift connected you don't need to touch anything it detects when you put it on and throws you right into the menu we're talking about 5 seconds from it detecting you're putting it on to hitting the menu. Honestly have massive respect for the Oculus team and their user experience, if I had to boot up Steam every time I used VR it would start to fall into more of a chore. I definitely see value in stand alone devices for these reasons and for the casual users, but I do also see value in having top end PC power in a tethered device for creatives and serious gaming. Pintrest spams Image Search results with bogus results and uses them as the top of their funnel. You click a Pintrest image unsuspectingly, Pintrest takes you to a vaguely relevant board the image is contained on, but you can't get to the image because a signup lightbox blocks the content. This has wider implications because using reverse image search wont point you to the original images either anymore it'll mostly point to Pintrest results and therefore Pintrests signup form. They are, XDA keycap form factor is from a Chinese factory IIRC and is kinda derivative of DSA caps which comes out of Signature Plastics. Seems to be quality issues with every XDA run so far though. Keyboard fanatics drop a good amount of money on these sets so quality is extremely important in such a small and passionate market. > some software is just better constructed Exactly, TextMate and Sublime Text are both around 35 meg and both are close to feature parity for with Atom. It's only this more recent breed of software that is so absurdly bloated. Is the iMac popular? You struggle to find a 5K display outside that one machine that Apple doesn't seem all that fussed about compared to their laptop and iOS offerings. > essentially bricking It's not bricked, bricking means it's as useful as a brick as in the actual firmware is corrupted beyond repair. > I see the exclusives as a negative Would anyone with a straight face say the same about Nintendo's exclusives? I don't see anyone else in the market funding great things like Medium, Quil, Lone Echo, Robo Recall. Feels it's just cutting off your nose to spite your face to complain about this. It also has exclusives, Fallout VR for instance. > where you play the part of a deranged mass shooter killing random people on a train platform It's robots[0] not "random people", but yeah lets not let facts get in the way of your editorialising. [0] https://www.geeky-gadgets.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Bul... If you haven't played Lone Echo yet, then please play Lone Echo. You honestly wont regret it. Definitely still think it's niche for now but the more polished experiences are starting to trickle out. I went from the Amiga 500 to a 486, yeah Doom and Wolf3D were very impressive in terms of graphical detail but some little known gems on the Amiga really pushed boundaries in scale that wouldn't really be repeated till the likes of GTA 3 or Daggerfall "Hunter"[1] which was flat shaded 3D, had a very large play area of multiple islands and had multiple drivable vehicles, you could ride bikes, row boats, gunboats, jeeps, tanks, helicopters, surf boards, hovercrafts. All on an Amiga 500, all on 1 floppy disk. "Mercenary 3" [2] also flat shaded, had a fully simulated solar system with day/night cycles. You could go in buildings, go in taxis, get on a space ship fly up to orbit, go to another planet, land in the city go in a building. The scale of this game is insane for the time. [1] https://i.ytimg.com/vi/MzByYlnvaN0/hqdefault.jpg [2] https://www.myabandonware.com/media/screenshots/m/mercenary-... Not to mention they all last forever. Might be daunting building up your spice rack and sauces for someone new to cooking but really the investment is like $50 tops to cover most cuisines and lasts 2-4 years. Been saying this myself for a while now and reporting Pintrest links when I can be bothered. Complete abuse of the system to use it as the top of their funnel and as usual people who advocate the service don't even realise it's doing this awful behaviour. Would be good if the UK government can tell us where the line is. I don't recall the Monty Python team being arrested for their ridicule of the Nazis or Prince Harry being arrested for dressing up as a Nazi for fancy dress. If we're going to arrest people for comedy then maybe perhaps actually show where exactly the line is so comedians know how much Nazi ridicule they can actually do without being arrested. Or... you know don't arrest people for bad taste jokes. Can't shake the feeling weed gets different rules just because /r/trees is a big part of the culture on the more "wholesome" side of Reddit that they prefer to promote. No idea why Cook feels the need to comment on any of this, just seems like virtue signalling really. >Tim Cook said if his company wanted, it could treat customers like a product and monetize from it Could they? I mean the fact every move into social or advertising has failed for Apple says otherwise. Don't think anyone who moved would be wanting to move back just because Apple now supports a GPU dongle. At that point why not just use a laptop? You're carrying around an iPad, some way to stand it up, a USB keyboard and a dongle. Just seems to be getting a little silly imho the amount of cruft people are willing to carry around to try and fulfil Tim's vision that the iPad is a laptop replacement. With all these downsides to keyboard input on the platform and wanting to use Emacs, I'm just curious what do you actually like about working on the iPad over something like a Macbook, Surface or the small MBP? I'm not too worried about Marzipan in the short term, I'm thinking the goal of that project might be to get devs who make pro apps on the mac side work on a codebase that they could easily port over to the iPad side seen as the iPad Pro is seriously lacking in app support compared to the Mac, because it's unprofitable to maintain them. In the long term this is a play to push Cook's iPad Pro post-pc idea, yet again... >this essentially kills the professional mac workstation as a viable product going forward? Some would argue it's already been dead for a long time. I'm seeing less and less directors and artists using Macs for their workstations when it was close to 100% about 10 years ago. They just didn't supply a competitive workstation machine for so long that many were forced to move to windows if they wanted power. I don't know a 3D artist anymore who isn't doing all their rendering through multiple Nvidia GPUs in a tower PC. The iMac Pro has only been out for a few weeks after years of neglect and I'd struggle to recommend it to anyone at that price point. (Ironically many I know still use a Mac laptop but it's relegated purely to office/email/slack/web tasks that back in the day we'd associate with Windows machines, not the actual creative work) It's been a while now but wasn't Digg killed off by an overly flashy and slow JS heavy redesign. Maybe it's so long ago that few of the people in charge at Reddit even remember this is what made their site. The trend I see lately is something I think of as dropoff panic. By staring at metrics too much PMs get worried about dropoff and start to focus their efforts on lubricating onboarding to such an extent in the hopes of preventing dropoff. This results in the sort of dark patterns you see on Pintrest's signup and the overall dumbing down of everything into samey "friendly" interfaces that all feel like Facebook. You manage to capture more of the casual users for the sort term by doing this, although they'll likely dropoff eventually. But this is done at the expense of your hardcore users who fell in love with your app/site/game despite the learning curve or dense interface. Too much effort is placed on trying to capture a very low quality of user that likely wont engage anyway. >Reddit was already an increasingly serious competitor when then the redesign killed Digg. Isn't it pretty well known that at that point a lot of the user activity was being faked by the Reddit team? > Had Valve really thrown their weight behind it Is Valve as a company actually ever capable of throwing it's weight behind anything? They had VR handed to them on a plate and all they've managed to ship is a tech demo. Almost feels like all these projects that should be major for them are treated like side projects. I know people still have a lot of love for the games they released 13 years ago but for me I've learned to accept that Valve today isn't what Valve back then was. >We'd have an open handheld platform for indie games. Nintendo is the last company in the world that would be interested in this. They're not in the hardware business to sell other peoples software, they're in it to build a platform for their own software. Nintendo platforms could literally ship with zero third party support and people would still buy them. Heck most casual gamers I know who bought Wii and Switch don't even own third party games at all, just Nintendo. > Voat is Reddit's "recycle bin." I definitely agree, but I also remember how Reddit was considered the dumping ground for users banned on Digg and content that wasn't good enough for Digg. Today unpleasant content probably makes up a large percentage of Voat traffic. But if a few big subreddits moved over that percentage would be dwarfed and suddenly it's no longer a Recycle Bin. My argument isn't that their (almost) monopoly on PC games sales allow them to print money. My point is they're not the visionary games and hardware company that most of their cheerleading fans think they are. They're just an online store, and for people like myself who grew up on Half Life it's a sad realisation. It goes both ways, YouTube willingly starts business agreements with these people and makes money off their content. You can't act shocked and surprised if a mentally ill person snaps when you've been happily profit sharing that mentally ill persons content and then change the deal. YouTube/Google likes to think these relationships are all one way and not think about the consequences of their choices and algorithms on peoples lives. I'm actually surprised it took this long for this to happen, it was a morbid inevitability in my eyes. If YouTube/Google can't understand when money is involved actions have consequences then maybe the whole partner program should be scrapped. It's not, but the software and hardware stack means a single human in a bedroom can create this instead of a small room of illustrators and keyframe artists in America and a large room of inbetweeners in Korea. If neural network voice generation tech gets democratised in the next few years too then you could even be pushing out video content too as an entirely different personality than your actual self. Give up the only usable trackpad if you move away. Endure an objectively terrible keyboard with a massive failure rate if you stay. (Ironically my £3K touchbar MBP return key failed to register a press right on cue when typing this comment) Found the choice of mirror material awful, looks like the surface of a child's plastic play mirror you'd find in a dollar store. I waited and waited and waited. I liked the design of the Trashcan but by the time I could afford one it was woefully out of date and I needed Nvidia GPUs for the rendering engine I wanted to use. In the end I moved my creative work over to PC and currently run a nice compact mATX PC built for GPU computing with two 1080Tis. Still cost me less than half the eventual iMac Pro and presumably this Mac Pro. If this had been released a few years back maybe I'd never have moved to PC but at this stage they'll have to be still supporting the new Mac Pro in 3 years before I even consider moving back at this point. Been a Mac only user for 15 years now, I didn't move away lightly, but now I've switched it'll be hard to convince me back. A lot of the Mac faithfuls point to ECC and Xeon to defend the price of the entry level iMac Pro. Yet every single one of them I follow has used only MacBook Pros for the last 5 years or so which obviously don't have ECC so yeah I feel the importance of it is overstated. >MacBook Pros haven't changed much since 2012 I use the pre-usb-c one at home and the post-usb-c one at work. They feel like completely different machines by different companies. I’d by my home machine again in a heartbeat. But I’d never spend my own money on one of those usb-c butterfly keyboard MacBook pros... >I don't think YT and FB are sad about losing those types of "creators". Hardly think YouTube is really in a position to be held up as an example of good taste or quality considering the sort of content they've been peddling to kids the past few years until very recently. >go back to building things that we want to use ourselves. Isn't this exactly what Gab is though? It was built from the ground up to house a very specific type of content being banned on Twitter. We might not agree with what they're doing or who uses it but it is exactly an example of a developer scratching their own itch. Don't they burn completely different amounts of calories a day as a baseline? I mean I'd change jobs for a 20% difference in salary so yeah I do consider them "completely different". I find this even more despicable because Apple chooses to use a certain type of rubber under the guise of it being more eco-friendly. Yet this rubber is ridiculously brittle and frays almost without fail within 6-12 months meaning you just end up having to by more cables thus using more of the worlds resources anyway than if they had shipped you one cable that didn't fail. My 17 year old Ti Powerbook cable used daily for 11 years, no fray. My original iPod cable, no fray. My iPhone 3G cable, no fray. My iPhone 4S cable, 5 years use daily, no fray. Change happened somewhere here, newer cables are more matte and softer feeling My iPhone 7 cable, frayed within 6 months My 2014 MBP cable, frayed within 12 months Replacement cable, frayed within 12 months > There’s nothing stopping you from keeping your machine running the same version of the OS you’re on now Only if you're ok with dismissing an update dialog though a drop down every single day. The only options are "Install Now", "Later" (install automatically tonight), "Remind me tomorrow". Never understood the logic of a privacy focused app asking for a phone number at all, let alone requiring one. Really not a fan of how the phone app store market has normalised this. > Never understood the rationale behind open floor offices. You can have an appealing environment to work in for 5-15 and within the same space scale that up all the way to an 80 person battery farm office without spending any more money. >Can they make 500 million people not look at cat-videos for 2 months? We can pretend YouTube is just a twee place to watch cat videos like it was 12 years ago or we can actually realise that the network has evolved over time and people actually go there now to watch personalities not just funny home videos. I feel YouTube creators might be surprised with just how much power they wield if they did move to another platform en masse. This is so disappointing to hear what I've suspected for a while. I'm a huge fan of OS X but was recently forced to move my creative work to Windows for GPU power and affordable CPU power, and honestly I've found it good enough to work with but I still do miss having Terminal and Finder. As much as I used to love Apple hardware I could honestly just do without it these days with their laptops getting worse and their pro line being a choice between M.I.A and a disposable workstation. The only thing I'll miss is OS X. This is looking at humour in a very one dimensional and puritanical manner. Comedy, like art we can't just point at the subject matter and shake our heads that it's distasteful and dismiss the whole work. Some of the most highly regarded comedy ever made has used subject matter that is tragic or horrifying, any comedy around Nazis for which there are countless examples and the work of Chris Morris (Brasseye, Jam, Four Lions) come to mind. Even by London prices that's utterly absurd, you can get an entire one bed flat for yourself for £1000 and I don't even mean having to move far out I'm talking walking distance of shoreditch. Wouldn't wish flatsharing """co-living""" on anyone, what a nightmare. Was given one of these at work, the keyboard started failing within a week of taking it out of the box, some of my keys click much louder than others. My - key has been stuck twice while editing this comment, my ISO enter key has a dead zone and has failed to click once while typing this comment. This machine isn't even 6 months old and it feels rickety and unreliable because of this design disaster of a keyboard, I wish I was over-reacting. I will not be buying another Apple machine until this keyboard is reverted, I can't imagine dropping thousands of my own money and having such an unreliable janky input device. Thing is, this is actually dust. It's just a single speck of dust is enough to mess up these mechanisms because they're so delicate. This would be less of an issue if you could pop the keys off, but again the mechanism is so delicate popping a key off is enough to irreparably destroy the mechanism in most cases. > MacBook Pro from late 2013 is just as difficult to repair, only cheaper because they don’t have touch bar Nope not true at all, the 2013 has a user serviceable keyboard, removing a keycap wont destroy the mechanism like it does on the USB-C MBP. > change the key styling and eventually will be touch only with haptic feedback Seen a lot of Apply apologists super happy about this idea as a sell of "increased reliability because there are less moving parts" when the 2012 model keyboard had zero reliability problems from their moving parts it's only the "butterfly" switch that has reliability problems. Boggles the mind... The real question here is would he consider this outcome a failure? What were the design goals of that MBP? Looking at it with an industrial designer eye I feel "symmetry" and "thinness" were higher up the list of requirements than "a good keyboard". Really think the industrial design team at Oculus are outstanding, I was blown away with how nice my Rift headset looks, feels and how well considered each device is. This is before I get into the Touch controllers which become invisible the fit so naturally to your hand. Really like the design of the Go too but wont be buying one because for me the hand presence is what makes VR. >I doubt this device improves on that – if anything it will probably be worse. It's actually higher resolution than the Rift. If your PC has the specs to handle the Rift you're doing yourself a disservice not to buy one at the new reduced price. I bought one on a whim and expected it to be interesting but I was completely blown away and use it almost every night. The Go isn't really the same experience because it doesn't track head position or hand position. Surprised more haven't noticed how symmetry had become one of the guiding principles behind all Apple industrial design of recent years. This ideology has damaged things that used to work fine like the keyboard arrow keys just for the hope of symmetry as visual harmony. > They don't burn cash on new ideas just because they can How much was spent on Project Titan (The car)? Other franchises exist than Marvel and Star Wars, vote with you wallet rather than just wishing that Disney didn't own it. Genesis was pretty good on 486 with Genecyst but certainly not SNES. As a Mac user in the Pro market this is what I currently admire about MS over Apple. MS genuinely seems to be trying hard to scratch the itches of people in the workplace and more importantly sticking with it while Apple couldn't even commit correctly to a screenless pro desktop. So many people in the Apple circles made fun of the Surface line, but look at Apple now the iPad Pro with it's keyboard and pen is a direct response and attempt to imitate that niche MS worked hard to carve. Definitely got my eyes on Surface line with how bad my experience with the USB-C MBP has been, 6 months in both my command key and return key are screwed. 3D artists/motion graphics/video editors do. Check out Octane Render, Redshift, Realflow, After Effects, Premier etc for use cases. My point was it's not "0%"... Users exist. Regular iMacs are jet engine loud once you throw any CPU or GPU load at them. I think the iMac Pro is much better in this regard but it's not sustainable as a workstation machine. The world is in need of a good computer company that actually cares about computers and wont get distracted by devices, TV shows and definitely not cars. As much as I absolutely love the work of Bret Victor, Processing actually shipped and is teaching people every day how to code. Although he's achieved a massive amount of research in the field, I'm still waiting for absolutely any of it to ship into systems and actually teach people. Not everything has to have an impact as grand as cure cancer to make peoples day to day lives better. It's not just milking, it seems they have actual contempt for the existing fan base to the franchise and trying to dismantle the foundation piece by piece in the worst way possible while simultaneously trying to build their own thing on top. I'm not a Star Wars fan (Episode 1 killed it for me), but watching this from the sideline has been nothing short of bizarre to me. I'm in the same boat, my so called Pro machine the USB-C 2017 MBP has had glitching out completely unusable rendering on the latest version of Illustrator since October 2017. Adobe blame Apple, presumably Apple blame Adobe because neither of them are fixing it. As if my deteriorating keys on this machine were not bad enough. This wasn't a good WWDC for me. My PC is working great despite being an obscure setup with mismatched GPUs, can't say I understand why the graphic designer workhorse machine MBP is unusable with Illustrator and that is working just fine.. Safari has a button that opens the OS share dialog. To be fair it never made any sense digging around a webpage for a like/tweet button to share something anyway. It's not one party, they just said share buttons so that would include Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, Pintrest, etc Oculus Medium truly blew me away, I've tried sculpting in the likes of Zbrush, Mudbox etc before and it's never really clicked. But being able to actually use your hands in 3D space with Medium is probably one of the most magical computing experiences I've had since first touching an iPhone. Highly recommend people giving it a go if you get a chance. You need a sculpting app that uses voxels to do that in a way that feels effortless, check out 3D Coat or Oculus Medium. This idea reminds me of an installation by Julian Charrière I saw http://julian-charriere.net/projects/tropisme My timeline would be so much healthier if Twitter put me in charge of who shows up in it. After Google killed Reader I was forced to follow all the people who used to blog to keep up with their professional work. But especially in the last 3 years Twitter feeds have all come with a large side order of political hot takes that I have zero interest in sitting through. To counteract this I have an extensive word blocklist and turn off retweets on many people so my Twitter can remain about the work of interesting people in my industry and not just an open sewer of politics. Twitters insistence to show me posts that people I follow liked or engaged highly with bypasses all this. the last update to it (3 years ago) was borderline insulting, the model before had a removable base where you could upgrade the ram yourself. The last update they did placed a metal sheet in this area. https://i.imgur.com/TXocZ4d.jpg It's main feature is it actually feels and behaves like an OS X app. Obviously for many people this really doesn't matter but a niche of people this is a huge advantage. > Game developers are pulling back from VR Some are, others are going all in and it's just getting good. Compare Lone Echo to launch experiences, it's a completely different experience. Not to mention Fallout VR and Skyrim VR launched this year. > The VR virtual worlds are a disaster Go on YouTube and search for VR Chat, check out the number of videos and view counts. VR Might not be mainstream yet and I don't believe it will be until stand alone headsets drop but it's naive to write it off just yet. >Why do you think that is an indicator of success? Because this is what people in the video game industry are literally looking at as a gauge of success. Just look how much they court youtubers and streamers. Games are literally built around them in 2018. (Note, I don’t like that this is true but the sad fact is that it is true) I wonder if it’s less having to pull them and more providing the raft so they can jump. Youtubers rarely have good things to say about the platform anymore. For traditional media yes, but for influencers it fits their face and the product just fine and landscape is actually a waste. A sad reality. IRC proves that having a barrier to entry can be a beautiful thing in some cases. I hang about in an IRC channel with less than 10 active users, still more valuable than any Slack channel I lurk in with hundreds. Have you tried to use one of these old devices they claim to support? Apple journalists don't and happily chime on about how great it is without understanding the realities. > Microsoft Surface Bluetooth mouse and keyboard don't work anymore after an idle period of maybe 10 minutes Go into device manager and disable their power saving settings. I had disconnection issues once or twice a week with my MS Designer Mouse and this fixed it. I use the 2012 at home and the 2017 at work. Think I actually prefer it heavier but maybe it's because I also respect my 2012 more after growing to hate my 2017 with 5 stuck keys and return key deadzone so look at this supposed flaw as wanted power and sturdiness rather than unwanted weight. Plus the lightness is offset by having to carry a dongle and them only shipping the bulky powercord not the short cord in the 2017 which I found an insultingly stingy gesture for a nearly 3K machine. Is this slight advantage worth compromising the machines main input device for? Still a dongle on every desk of my office, how many years has this thing been USB-C only now... > why would a child want to code a website Noticed this a lot when engineers try to teach their children coding, far too much time spent trying to teach what they view as the correct way to do things or correct thing to learn. e.g seen several articles that opened on trying to teach them to set up git and a command line environment. I think there is more value in trying to teach them to make something that is more understandable to their world and allows for creativity and therefore a self-learning reinforcement loop to begin. This is why more interactive things like games work so well for this. It's a huge achievement that an 11 year old could complete the courses detailed in the article, but I'm interested if they can go on to take those learnings and initiate their own project. Which is something you definitely see from kids who learnt to code through the likes of Flash or game engines. If you're thinking AR (Glass wasn't AR really) then Leap are apparently open sourcing their development rig http://blog.leapmotion.com/north-star-open-source/ Can't vouch for it because I haven't dug in yet. Anyone who has used every version of OSX will tell you it's not a myth. Although I agree it is mostly remembered because Lion was such an awful release and objectively a step backwards that took a good few more releases to finally recover from. Thing is, it's not about one or two large stand out bugs affecting a few. SL of course had bugs, all software has bugs. But Lion and the next few versions after that had constant small issues, instabilities and glitches that became a background noise that made the entire period of using versions 10.7-10.9 frustrating. > There exists a general assumption that a voice has a human-intelligence behind it, but obviously now not all voices do. This is one of the reasons I've always been bothered by the over-humanisation of Siri. I feel there is a belief on the Siri team that if they make it feel more like a human with jokes and overly verbose responses then people will be more forgiving when it fails. I've always felt the opposite, that it gives it a "incompetent super-intelligence" sort of vibe instead and I start to wonder if when I ask it to set a timer for the 3rd time if I'd be less frustrated if it just responded with a confused beep rather than a quip. >It definitely seems to be in a better spot than Windows' support for multiple appearances currently, if it has any. It has had pretty much what Apple are implementing since Windows 10. Dark mode and a custom highlight colour that gets applied across the OS. Of course like on MacOS developers have to be using the latest UI framework to take advantage of this which unfortunately on Windows developers are a fair bit slower on the uptake than on MacOS. Then again, I don't expect to see much uptake on the Mac side either considering I can't remember the last time I installed a new app and it was a native AppKit(?) UI and not just an Electron app. > When was the last time Twitter was buzzing with talk about some Windows program? To be fair when was the last time it was buzzing about some iOS or MacOS app that wasn't just an Electron app that was also available on Windows. I remember the times when a Mac/iOS app like Clear or Coda would come out and everyone would be so hyped about it but it seems as far as I can tell those days are long gone. Which is sad as a Mac user but since the app store raced to the bottom it just doesn't seem to be worth the effort for developers to ship 3 highly tuned versions of their software for 3 Apple platforms. I mean you can look yourself, look at the top ten free/paid on the Mac and iOS app stores, it's grim. >So what's cool and new in the Windows ecosystem? Speaking as someone who's more of a designer, Octane Render which is a GPU accelerated rendering engine and Oculus Medium for VR sculpting both feel completely next generation VS anything on iOS/Mac. (I know Octane technically ships for mac but it requires a Nvidia GPU which Apple hasn't shipped for many years) > Where's the facial recognition logon? Weird you mention this, the Surface line has been shipping this for years.