Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y0r5j3yu5TUkLWMIeCr_rBef9uO... Email: See resume You may be talking about iodine: https://code.kryo.se/iodine/ You can host it yourself. Try the "track motion" feature, mind blowing doing that in the browser. One possible method: Write a script to request the site continuously and see if it fails to respond with any regularity. From there you can start dialing it in and determine what the rate limit actually is. A rate limit should be consistently reproducible unless it's implemented in a clever way. The nature of executive compensation is often different than rank and file employees. A common trick is to say "The leadership team took a 30% paycut, so the 10% paycut you are taking isn't so bad" however executive pay is often split between equity, bonus and base compensation with equity and bonus making up more than 50% of the total comp. Often when they say 30% they are talking about 30% of base. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Email: See resume Disqus was baked into the template I used for my blog so I kept it: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ It works well and is simple to implement. One hour later and 2151 in line ahead of me, talk about exponential growth. https://www.fastorslow.com/app/profile/244179fc-78d2-5cf3-8c... > allocation free algorithms Do you have any good sources for information about this concept? I'm having trouble understanding how a algorithm could produce useful work without allocating anything. locutusofb.org has not turned out to be a boon for me either. I'd volunteer to present on the QVC-for-software-demos livestream if such a thing existed. The question is, is it the exam developers task to produce software that works in the world as it is or the world as they would like it to be? If the latter this is a roaring success. As I understand a proportion of buybacks generally (maybe not at IBM) were financed by debt. If this was the case they would have to sell enough to cover the debt and interest first. My wife bought into one of these services, the $25 box we received contained about 10 - 15 dollars worth of produce from my local store but at a lower quality. It was also random and often contained undesirable items in large quantities (who needs 12 lemons for the week?, What am I supposed to do with 3 fingerling potatoes?). I used to work in food service and it was pretty obvious to me that they were sourcing items from Sysco or US Foods by the way the items were tagged and packaged. I think the shipping costs eat away any value you could expect from something like this. Even if Texas Instruments implemented SSL the fact that you went there would not be a secret to anyone who can see your packets due to SNI[0]. HTTPS is really only useful when you want to hide the contents of a message, not the recipient. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication +1 for jetbrains. I prefer webstorm to visual studio myself and the licensing scheme is very fair. They aren't allowed to opt out, well except for Texas. I've had luck with digital ocean by sending friends emails (who have accounts at major providers) and having them mark it as not spam a few times over the course of a week or two. After that, it worked without issue. From my perspective the growth potential globally is massive, the majority of people on earth live on less than $2.50 a day. This can't be where we stop the wheels of progress. > The 25 vs 15 dollars issue means their business sucks unless they have a value add on top? As I am buying "less desirable produce" (from what I can tell it all came from normal cases that a restaurant would order, I think this fools some people as they aren't used to seeing produce that still has dirt on it and is less presentable like that) I would expect more of it for my money, not less. I understand they have to pay for shipping but it's not as if I don't have to go to the grocery store anyway, maybe I just don't see the value proposition, for us it just wasn't there. >If you were getting 15 lemons per week, maybe contract the vendor and try to address the issue? Even if the product was more evenly distributed it wasn't enough for it to provide value for me. That point was just the final nail in the coffin. If you have two solutions and the first solution requires humans behave in a certain manner (getting them to use high entropy passwords) and the second does not. The second is more secure. I've done something like this [0], postfix sends a nice rejection message the next time they try to connect. Ironically I've had people email me that rejecting their spam is filling up their inbox with error messages. [0] https://blog.tinned-software.net/permanently-reject-a-specif... The method you purpose is less secure as humans often use low entropy passwords even when you ask them not to. If you are building a system only for humans that use high entropy passwords (are you really willing to bet the farm on that just to save a couple clock cycles) or other machines it might work but I also see no benefit to that approach so you might as well just bcrypt it and call it a day anyway. >it’s not reasonable to demand universities operate at a loss to provide the remote education at a rate less than it costs them to operate I feel its not reasonable to ask students to pay more than fair market value for what they receive regardless of operational costs. They should refund up to what similar online schools charge today. If it costs the auto dealer as much as a new BMW to deliver a used Toyota, that isn't my problem I'm only paying used Toyota pricing or I'm taking the matter to court. I can more easily change grocery stores than I am able to change colleges. Credits aren't often 100% transferable, also a degree from another school may be less valuable but also less costly, therefore the money I already spent on the more expensive degree may be lost. In my case this isn't it. What happens is during the connection process the server on the other side first announces what email its sending from, at that point my server responds with a reject message and closes the connection. I don't think my server even sees the subject or body. My server doesn't send a email, but instead that email is generated by the sending server to let the user know the message was rejected. This error message is often delivered to a catchall account, they are often configured with small mailboxes, that box fills up, throws alerts and ticks off a sysadmin somewhere. I only do this in cases where it's easier to SSH into my box and configure it than unsubscribe, and never to random address spam as that is wack-a-mole and futile. I think the sending servers may also be misconfigured to get around greylisting. As sometimes they will try repeatedly to deliver to me. My server dutifully rejects each attempt and the messages pile up on the other side. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. I like Python and Flask. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: I mainly work with Python, Java and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. I have a good bit of devops skills but I'm looking for software engineer roles at the moment. Résumé/CV: https://resume.willcipriano.com Contact: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Weevs AT&T 'hack' (unsecured api) is the first thing that comes to mind. With infinite scrolling what's a page? If compared to European countries the US has higher wages generally, is it possible this effect is due to wages in those economies being at or near the wage floor already? >This is widely cited as the reason that teachers earn less than other professions, and why garbage collectors earn more. Looks like the median pay for garbage collectors is $37,840[0] and for teachers it is $59,420[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes537081.htm [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... This is the sort of thing that I see and I feel disappointed that I didn't come up with the idea myself. Great work. It would probably be hard to find a rental during that period, as legally you wouldn't have to pay to occupy the space. Though landlords might be cash strapped enough to let you move in to get the down payment. I have a personal license, you can absolutely subscribe without a company. > interns > more than 10 years ago How that looks to me: Wow, that application has provided so much business value (over a decade worth) despite being designed by less experienced software engineers. PHP must be a great language. Years ago I took a job that was headquartered outside of my state. Did a phone interview or two and then got a offer letter by email that I accepted. A couple of weeks later they flew me out to the HQ for my first day paperwork and to meet everyone. When I arrived they had a number of contracts that I had to sign as a condition of employment, I was in a position to agree with them but made a mental note that in future I should get a copy of any contracts that I am going to be required to sign on the first day before accepting a offer. It would be terrible to give notice at a job and then on the first day at the new role be given a contract that you have concerns about. I ask "Before I accept a offer of employment, would it be possible to see any contracts, employee handbooks, etc I would have to sign on my first day?" and you would not believe the push back I get from that question. I often hear "We don't share our employee handbook" or things to that effect. I explain that it is impossible to evaluate a offer that has terms I can't see and often the interviewer shrugs their shoulders and tells me that's just how it is. I guess it works to weed out the jobs with bad terms. However I have a hard time seeing how any of this is enforceable from a legal perspective. > But if a candidate is motivated to take a job because they get to use shiny new technology, i would suggest that they are not, in fact, a good candidate. In my experience the tech stack is good indicator of how technology is viewed at a company. Java and C# shops I have encountered are very process driven, bureaucratic firms. In my experience they are management focused as opposed to tech focused. Where firms that use Python, Node, Haskell, Rust, Go, etc tend to be more tech forward. The reason I want to use "shiny new technology" is because I want to work at the latter as opposed to the former, I'd be happy to write C or PHP even at a tech focused firm but I rarely see jobs like that advertised. I may not be using the best terminology, but what I am talking about are firms where the majority of players consider themselves "non-technical". I haven't found these to be pleasant places to work or places that particularly value software engineers. I wish to work in places where my contributions can be understood and valued by the people I work with. In my experience, if the workload supports it multiprocess works well in Python. The overhead for a new interpreter is cheap and this sidesteps the GIL issue. If you require communication between your 'threads', ZeroMQ(ØMQ) makes this simple and fast. Not the OP but I think it's essentially a event driven system as opposed to real time. Think of a account with $0 in it. 1. A -$25 event comes in 2. A +$50 event comes in 3. A -$25 event comes in The first event would fail in a transactional/real time system, but in my bank it doesn't. This tells me the balance is only calculated every once in a while. The balance you get in a app is only a estimate. This makes sense when you think how slow bank transfers and using paper checks is. At some point it is decided to run the events "for real" and that's where overdrafts and the like are applied. Don't think of them as transactions, instead it's a transaction request that can be rejected. In the US they clear overnight, as I understand (from a previous hn post I can no longer find) it's a big sftp server and flat files. For MongoDB in Python I once had to construct a list of two dictionaries containing dictionaries themselves with various two and three character magical key and value names (eg. $gt) in order to query a collection by date. If that's intuitive I'd hate to use something unintuitive. Oh and MongoDB Compass is a dumpster fire. Query takes too long? Too bad it will time out with no option to let it complete. Also I get to write my query in JSON in compass then I have to convert that to native Python objects if I want to use it from there. With SQL I copy my query from datagrip, inject my parameters and call it a day. I forgot the best bit, if your query has a subtitle mistake most often you simply get no records back where a similar mistake in SQL throws a helpful exception. I got the impression from friends that it was a worse situation in India with relieving letters[0], the way it was explained to me you needed your current companies written permission to start a new job and that is frequently abused. [0] https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/20945/what-is-... Similarly, as I understand it In the US most noncompete contracts are actually unenforceable due to the concept of consideration[0]. Every noncompete I've signed offered me nothing of value in exchange for my agreement, they weren't part of the negotiation process and were simply presented with the health insurance and other forms on my first day with a implied "sign this or you don't have a job". However that wouldn't stop someone from calling your new employer and threatening to sue. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration To an EMT doing chest compression on a dying man is a menial task, but if I did it I would probably bore my family and friends with the tale for the rest of my life. We may be talking about different things. Executives often negotiate a contract that contains a noncompete. That noncompete has clear consideration as it was negotiated as part of a total deal of employment, theoretically the employee is more highly compensated for this term of the contract. However rank and file employees are often not presented with the noncompete contract until their first day of work after salary negotiations have already taken place and the position accepted. Such an agreement probably isn't enforceable[0] as far as I can read[1] as it's hard to argue its part of the employment contract as the contract is signed after you are already employed and have reported for your first day of work[2]. If it was a employment contract it would've came attached to the offer letter. [0]"Performance of existing duties is not good consideration" - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration [1]"The very basic requirements are that the non-compete must (1) be in writing; (2) be part of an employment contract; (3) be based on valuable consideration; (4) be reasonable in scope of time and of territory; (5) not be against public policy." - https://lincolnderr.com/is-my-non-compete-enforceable/ [2]”One of the most common reasons that courts refuse to enforce Non-Competes is that employers make the mistake of obtaining the agreement from an already-hired employee without providing the employee with anything of value in return. Generally, such agreements are unenforceable because the employee did not receive any additional “consideration.”" - https://macelree.com/the-top-10-mistakes-with-non-competitio... The point is it has a chilling effect[0], fast food restaurants aren't having employees sign noncompetes[1] because they think they have specialized knowledge, the purpose is to reduce churn and therefore training costs. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilling_effect [1] https://www.foodandwine.com/news/fast-food-non-compete-agree... Presumably you'd want to retrain the model from time to time and that would require the original material. >I have such a hard time to understand how the risk vs. reward ratio for pulling this stunt made any sense. Classical economics likes to think of firms as rational entities working to maximize profit over the long term. In my experience that makes much of what companies do inexplicable. Instead I view firms as large groups of individuals all acting in their own self interest, this seems more complex but really all you have to know is what the incentive structure is to understand the choices a company makes. Similarly I've found you can also do this in reverse. It is a virtual certainty that from a compensation perspective moving to SMR was better for the individuals who made that choice. Ghost supports tables via markdown. You can embed SoundCloud and YouTube natively for audio. As for gifs and comments here's a link to my ghost blog with a gif as well as comments(disqus) https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ Embedding third party services may go against the values of some Richard Stallman types, for me however it enables me to host behind cloudflare with a $5 a month digital ocean droplet and not have to worry about getting hugged to death. I can live with the tradeoff. I was not insulted. The links added further reading and more context. I've always called these direct database applications. The implication that the client directly connects to the database without the benefit of a middle tier. Hacker competitions often seem very contrived to me. I suspect that in order for the red team to make any progress you have to tie the blue teams hands behind their backs. Most of what I see from the penetration testing community is pretty gimmicky and situational generally and often doesn't take into account the attackers risk/reward ratio. That's good. Perhaps something like if they can attribute the attack to a particular machine the red team gets "arrested". Diffie–Hellman[0] is pretty cheap, you do it every time you visit a site with SSL enabled. Having the meeting leader do it 200 times to pass around a shared key generated on the client would be e2e and have minimal if any performance impact. There is probably a cleverer way to do it that I'm not aware of as well. Edit: One issue is the client can run out of entropy but I think that would only happen on modern operating systems if you had hundreds of thousands of clients to negotiate with. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_e... Even if it was MRI sensitive, never having a MRI again would be a small price to pay for a Parkinson's cure. Offer a 10% tax free finders fee to anyone who finds any wasteful spending like that. $600k once for a $6 million annual savings (and that's before you fire whomever is in charge of auditing the books already) is a steal. Accountants and auditors could work like bug bounty hunters. If similar environmental impact studies cost half as much or if the study was not read by those who ordered it that is a pretty clear case. Some things are ambiguous I admit but I'm willing to bet there is enough low hanging fruit to keep a good number of people employed looking for it. Edit: This is a HN faux pas however, please don't downvote the person above, they added to the discussion. I suspect that may be a common objection and I'm glad to be able to clarify it. > Who defines "similar"? A court of law. > Is a study performed in Texas similar to one performed in California? Is a study performed on land that drains into the municipal water supply similar to one performed on land that doesn't? Are two studies performed near each other location 10 years apart "similar" if new laws have come into existence, or a local species has been declared endangered in the meantime? I don't have the answer to these questions but I wager that we can find experts who do. Presumably firms exist that do hundreds or thousands of studies annually, those firms could testify how they would bid such a project. What the cost structure typically looks like. > How do you prove that those who ordered it did not read the study? A government employee could send a email to the effect that the report was not considered that is later discovered. Alternatively, a whistle-blower may clandestinely gather evidence in order to collect the bounty for themselves. > And what if they did not read the study, but instead read a summary of it prepared by someone qualified who did read the study? That seems like a reasonable use of funds. This isn't going to catch every case, the purpose is to provide a natural check to government corruption and waste. Discoveries made by this system may lead to the judicial branch investigating those who made these choices. The FBI could use these tips to target sting operations. The voting public may use this information to decide whom they are going to elect, and the best part is it's free. You can even benefit from it without bothering with the type annotations (though they make it more effective). https://google.github.io/pytype/ Homomorphic encryption. https://github.com/CEA-LIST/Cingulata My thought was a way to clandestinely destroy enemy electronics. The Wells Fargo model. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wells_Fargo_account_fraud_scan... Yes, with a service like internet you are paying for the previous months service, not the next month so the money is owed even if you cancel the credit card. Netflix bills you for the month upfront, so when you don't pay them simply remove access to the service and you owe nothing. Added to list of projects to keep in mind in future. Great work. I came up with a bad way to share files. It's a website that takes a file, encodes it into a series of URL parameters, and then allows you to put them back together again. (it's really only practical for small text files) https://podje.li/ https://github.com/willcipriano/Podje.li Thank you! Most of the heavy lifting is done by the lz-string library[0], the compression works well for small text files, sometimes the URL out will be shorter than the input in that case. Things like images work out to be hundreds of URLs unfortunately. [0] https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Another use case, for my daughters first birthday I had a Elmo impersonator (this guy was spot on, you could not tell the difference) make a video with a puppet for her. It was a private thing we shared together not something I publicly shared but her face lit up when "Elmo" said her name and wished her a happy birthday. It's weird to do this for yourself, however it makes a thoughtful gift under the right conditions. > FTL protocol, a streaming protocol based on UDP which had sub 1 second delay times, far far superior to what Twitch is capable of. I don't use/watch any of these platforms but I heard the delay is a feature of Twitch to prevent people from "screen peeking" players when they play online. As I understand it, very far. The materials science isn't there, we have yet to conceive of a material that would be able to carry it's own weight let alone move a useful load. My source: > "No current material exists with sufficiently high tensile strength and sufficiently low density out of which we could construct the cable," he told me. "There's nothing in sight that's strong enough to do it — not even carbon nanotubes." "The best that theorists can do right now is come up with a material that's about two-thirds the strength needed to make a practical elevator," Henson told me. "And that's a very, very short tiny tube."[0] [0] https://io9.gizmodo.com/why-well-probably-never-build-a-spac... “Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.” ― Henry Ford "There is nothing impossible to him who will try." ― Alexander the Great I know, these sound like platitudes but in my experience they are mostly accurate. I listen to this speech by Arnold Schwarzenegger when I find myself thinking I can't: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQxqIKTO2Ck It's probably similar to this: https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Check the 'How does it look?' section. This will happen anytime you put something new online. It's basically a whitelist and they wait until they see a few hits before you get added. > "They don't have flying experience," he said. Yeah, I have no idea how that works. "Just wing it!" but literally. I use cloudflare precisely because I don't want clients hitting the server directly. That's its entire purpose. For both caching and anti-ddos reasons. Go for the gold, make the result for apple a blog post about how apples suggestions are terrible >They are often paid quite well because its dangerous 2019 median pay for a police officer/detective: $65,170[0] 2019 median pay for high school teachers (often cited as underpaid): $61,660[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... The 90th percentile of "Secondary School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education" makes upwards of $99,660[0] per year. [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes252031.htm That figure includes detectives, who do often have a degree[0], removing them brings to total down to $63,150[1] for year round work. [0] https://www.learnhowtobecome.org/detective/ [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... A possible solution: Human reaction time is on the order of something like 215ms, if the change happened less than 100ms ago or so, the user probably wanted the previous result as opposed to the current one. Add a additional dialog to confirm? Acting up on my end as well. Looks like a iframe 404ing. I run pi hole as a data point. Looks like it's based on the honor system, the buttons can still be pressed even if you don't put a coin in. Still pretty impressive for cardboard. I work this way and use this method to help keep me on track: https://lifehacker.com/jerry-seinfelds-productivity-secret-2... Isn't that what the big button on the front of the machine is for? Zed Shaw is coming out with a book[0] on the topic, I like his Learn X the Hard Way series so I'll probably pick it up when it arrives. [0] https://learncodethehardway.org/javascript/ I came a bit later than you I suspect but I had a similar experience in my middle school computer lab with NET SEND. https://ss64.com/nt/net-send.html That isn't a salt. Salts are per user, high entropy random strings. I'm a big fan of peppering. It strikes me as a defense in depth move. Say a programmer on your team accidentally pushes code that makes your salt a static value for all users going forward, the pepper might protect user passwords in that case. >I'm not sure anyone would actually want to fly in a heli they knew had forged paperwork I don't know anything about aircraft. However if I was to fly myself one I'd want to know enough about it to verify its safety independently. If I had the skill to verify the safety independently (effectively I'd have to be a pilot/helicopter mechanic), I wouldn't care all that much about the paperwork. No, because the static salt will be stored in the database alongside the passwords. The pepper would be compiled and live in the application layer. The value is minimal but so is the cost. Fair enough, but adding a database column and generating a random string on registration is perhaps a 10 minute job and provides all those benefits plus many more. You've never seen someone break or add a @ignore to a unit test they don't understand in order to push out some code? Unfortunately I have, either way that isn't the only situation where a pepper is useful. It's possible that the programmers who built the system are really bad at security and really good at audit logging but I doubt it. Personally I would take the risk but I understand why others might not want to. I've never reviewed such a change but I've fixed bugs where a test that would've caught the bug was ignored because it caused the build pipeline to fail. My guess the programmer was on a tight deadline and had to ship it so they cut a corner and forgot to get back to it. That's the reality of many if not most organizations, good software engineering is a afterthought compared to the concerns of keeping the lights on day to day. As such I have changed my personal operational model and include as many cheap safeguards as I can when I'm doing something important. This is just one of those things I have in my anti-footgun bag of tricks. Often on Google I see ads right above a organic link to the same site. I wonder if marketing teams count the ad click as a "win" when in fact I was looking for the company because I learned of it via word of mouth. You'd probably be able to cut your ad spend in half and get the same result if the niche is small enough. If only you are buying ad spots for Amish chocolate teapot fans all of the sudden I imagine the price goes down quickly. If you have access to the email account, you have access to the linkedin account (via a password reset). The security argument is entirely baseless. The human mind is incredible, the sound of a car in the distance getting slightly muffled by the body now directly in front of you might cue the subconscious mind that something in the scene has changed triggering you to look up. My guess is all the talk of a sixth sense is just tiny cues from the other senses all getting subconsciously analyzed together. > (1) make it work, (2) make it right, (3) make it fast. I've always disagreed with this. In my view you should make it a habit to write optimized code. This isn't agonizing over minor implementation details but keeping in mind the time complexity of whatever you are writing and working towards a optimal solution from the start. You should know what abstractions in your language are expensive and avoid them. You should know roughly the purpose of a database table you create and add the indexes that make sense even if you don't intend to use them right away. You should know that thousands of method lookups in a tight loop will be slow. You should have a feel for "this is a problem someone else probably solved, is there a optimal implementation I can find somewhere?". You should know when you use a value often and cache it to start with. Over time the gap between writing unoptimized and mostly optimized code gets smaller and smaller just like practice improves any skill. > Modern compilers do a lot of things like inlining and unrolling Smart ones do, I've been writing Java lately and that behavior tends to be unpredictable and rare[0]. I'd use a inline keyword if I had one, or preprocessor directive of some kind if I had that but I don't. I agree it's harder to read but I feel like changing a JVM flag to get a behavior that I want is more inscrutable than having a long method with a comment noting that this in inlined for performance reasons. With modern machines and the price of memory I tend to lean hard to the memory side of the time-memory tradeoff. [0]"First, it uses counters to keep track of how many times we invoke the method. When the method is called more than a specific number of times, it becomes “hot”. This threshold is set to 10,000 by default, but we can configure it via the JVM flag during Java startup. We definitely don't want to inline everything since it would be time-consuming and would produce a huge bytecode." https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-method-inlining >Worse, I don’t think companies or representatives realize how few even a few thousand retweets really are... 1k retweets could mean as little as someone spent $30[0], think about that you could ruin someones life for $30 and you don't even have to get out of bed to do it. [0] https://www.redsocial.net/buy-twitter-retweets/ >Meanwhile, the EU has much stricter regulations regarding employment and the conditions under which employees can be let go. Also much stricter regulations and norms around when you can leave. In the US, two weeks notice is customary but not legally required in the EU its often a three month contractual obligation. I can't help but think that may contribute to the generally lower salaries in the EU vs the US. It was in response to a national wage freeze. Due to WW2 too few workers existed for the jobs available as such any one worker had incredible bargaining power. Wages were frozen by law[0] and firms found other benefits to offer in order to attempt to compete with each over for workers. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stabilization_Act_of_1942 You know when you were a kid and thought that all the adults had life figured out, then you grew up and discovered that they were just winging it? The older I get I realize the same is true for thought leaders and experts. Nobody will pay you to sit around and tell them that collectively as human beings we don't really have the answer, so what we get is a best guess disguised in a veil of certainty. In my experience personal projects get reviewed so infrequently that I'm not all that worried about someone digging down and evaluating the code quality of a 4+ year old repo. You can petition ICANN if you lost a domain that you paid for. As long as you are the rightful owner it will be returned to you. Keep a active credit card on file with your registrar and keep a credit with them as well. All the horror stories I see are cases where someone stops paying. https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/help/dndr/udrp-en For me, C is the Latin of programming languages. Once you get C the world opens up and learning a new programming language is easy. If prices are only legally allowed to rise so far it will be harder to find investors willing to throw money in the "make prices low to grab market share fire" as the highest possible rate in now 10% regardless of market share. This appears to be the third time they have gone on strike: "The walkout marks the third time Shipt gig workers have gone on strike." My guess is when the financial economy goes bust and those dollars start chasing real economy assets all the inflation we were assured wouldn't happen due to all the money printing will happen all at once. People act like the big short guys were geniuses to see this trend come out of nowhere. I was a teenager asking questions like "How can housing prices rise nationally at a multiple of wage increases for any sustained period of time?" and was short down by the "smart money" on forums not unlike this one. Drop a dime: https://www.fbi.gov/tips Even with a functional court system you can lose it with the stroke of a pen[0]. Physical gold however would require more effort to take from you. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_6102 My task is to implement a model that takes advantage of unified field theory to simulate arbitrary bodies in spacetime, first the mathematical models behind it need to be created then implemented in software. >I panic and put too much effort into trying to figure out what they want to see My approach for take home challenges is this. Often I complete them and never even get any feedback from the firm beyond a form rejection letter. If that is going to be the case anyway I might as well make something I'm proud to have in my portfolio, even if it doesn't line up with exactly what they are asking for. That transforms the work from something that I'm doing for them to something I'm doing for me. I know that's hard when you are unemployed and have bills to pay, but if at the end of the day you have some work that at least meets with your expectations you can retain that bit of your pride. You should follow your own plan, a Nobel prize in physics awaits. If I am going to struggle and have my family live off food stamps, you can be sure some VC isn't getting a dime if it all works out in the end. I've always wondered why the people who designed these things thought that I wanted a exception to be thrown in that case. It seems to be a "enterprise" feature, Java SQL libraries often blow up if they find a column that isn't predefined. >What R&D do you need? CRUD is solved, hosting is solved, UX is solved, scaling is solved, marketing is solved ... If you don't need R&D, doesn't that mean your competitor also doesn't need R&D? Where's the moat? I've been listening to TTC for decades. Prior to MIT and others opening up courses online it was the only way someone like myself could get access to anything like that. In the office, Michael Scott is asked to give a lecture and brings a boombox with the same music the TTC lectures start off with. Its a hilarious in joke if you get the reference. > or outright stealing them They took a page out of Blofeld's book. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_Only_Live_Twice_(film) About an hour a day during the work week, a couple hours over the course of the weekend. "Interesting choice using collections.OrderedDict here, why did you choose that?" This is how I get over that hump. Not only do I not work on anything related to my day job, I mostly build things in my free time that aren't really useful to anyone but myself. Sure my company may be able to claim ownership of my Sean Connery themed programming language but will they? What on earth do they plan to do with it? It can tell you something about hiring practices. The quality of the host of a restaurant probably shouldn't tell you about the staff in the kitchen, but in reality if they made the choice to go cheap in the front the the house they also very likely made the same choice in the back. As with all things in life it really depends on how you frame it. As a young man I encountered many people who were unkind, told me that my goals were impossible and mocked me for my ambition. Now that I have succeeded at those aims and continued to grow as a human being it is a great feeling to encounter those people in life and see that they haven't been as successful as I have. I can't help but think that I perhaps wouldn't of made it through all those hard years struggling had more people believed in me, the desire to prove them wrong and get my revenge remains one of my greatest sources of motivation. It appears the difference is I'm using it as a noun and you are using it as a verb. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/revenge Applied Cryptography[0] is available for $18.97 for a used hardcover copy on Amazon. The only thing that doesn't come with that a classroom does is someone to hold you accountable to read it. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Applied-Cryptography-Protocols-Algori... A researcher having the tools to exclude a particular type of income that throws off a statistic is a different matter than that researcher having the knowledge of those tools or the lack of ideological bias required to use them. If this was another Star Wars, Avengers or The Matrix film I could see people angrily paying $30 but a live action rehash of a second rate children's property? I don't get it, maybe it was more popular than I realize. This is a junior sysadmin I suspect. With a bit more experience you'd learn to say something along the lines of "no downtime, sure, that will be 30 grand" and the ability for downtime will suddenly materialize. Him and his friend did this big song and dance, took a huge risk and only got paid for ten hours worth of work in the end. I use management focused vs technology focused when talking about this distinction. For me it boils down to is the organization more concerned about choices in regards to process/organizational structures or technology. I have one as well, sometimes it gets so hot that it disconnects from the machine mid file transfer. However I've had it for a few years and it still works. Do you also send "the drop isn't ready" on other days? If not the fact that you sent a message tells the attacker everything without knowing the content. Also can anything be inferred by the length of the signal message? Do they pad they out or will all of the sudden sending a 2kb vs 3kb message give you away that something is different? Personally if my life is on the line, I'd stick with the shoelaces. Python's "for customer in customers" can't be clearer in my opinion. Example: Bandcamp on Android let's me buy music via PayPal or credit card outside of the Google Play store. Similarly Audible let's me do this as well. > That's the thing. $50 / month from you or me means nothing compared to $5 / month from a 100x larger audience. Growing the audience means marketing, and tons of non-technical work. Sounds like they don't need my donation, the people who do this non-technical work are bringing in revenue by the wheelbarrow load. If they weren't the price they charge for their skills would not be justifiable. > serving you probably is probably a net-negative for us cost-wise I never understood why businesses do things like this. In many industries there is often a class of customer that it is proclaimed "we don't make any money on them" and as such they provide a low quality of service. If you actually lose money why don't you raise prices on them? Why are you worried about losing a customer you claim not to want in the first place? If you aren't happy with selling items at the price you are selling them at, why sell them? I just don't see the reason to be rude about it. >yeah, I know it's theoretically above the speed of light, but I'm not sure about the specifics here I thought superluminal communication is considered impossible.[0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_communicatio... >My monitor, mouse and keyboard don't require any accounts (yet?) I take it you don't have any Razer devices. I don't think you'll get kids, particularly young kids to wear those for more than a few minutes at a time. Checked out the artists blog and found this: https://driesdepoorter.be/quickfix/ It's a art installation that allows you to buy likes on Instagram, Facebook, etc. Really interesting idea, shows how disposable those things are. It's amazing what people will do in order to get a couple of rows in the likes table of a social media website. It's legal, you just still owe them the money. Nothing is stopping you from canceling a debit card that you have active reoccurring payments on, just if your mortgage was one of those the bank can still find you in default. Similarly if Adobe owed you money they may make you run through a customer service maze in order to get it. That's legal too. They don't have to provide you with a method to automatically take as much money as you assume you are owed. I see a D option. Reduce the costs to the students to reflect the market price of the services rendered. While the pandemic isn't the fault of the colleges, the nature of operating a business is you can only charge for services you are able to deliver. Find a comparable online school, that's what you can charge. > 6. Show useful error messages > We couldn't find an account with that email. Don't do that. It allows for user enumeration. Compared to aboriginal life, Huck Finn might as well been aboard the deck of the Starship Enterprise. Steamboats, cannons, metallurgy, the beginnings of modern medicine. The mid-nineteenth century was during the industrial revolution. I'd say your life today is closer to Huck Finn than a typical aboriginal person. If you want to be legalistic then the person who used the wrong email is in violation of CAN-SPAM[0], though my guess is courts don't have the time for petty matters like this. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAN-SPAM_Act_of_2003 Can we get batteries that are small enough and powerful enough to do it? This example is powered by lasers, it looks like they have to shoot a laser first at the front legs then again at the back legs in order to get it to walk. If we are able to shoot a laser at the robot walking on the tumor without damaging the surrounding tissue, why not just shoot it at the tumor? > and you can't access those records remote due to HIPAA. The person who told you that is misinformed. I have personally worked on products that allow physicians and staff to access patient records remotely in a safe and fully HIPAA compliant manner. It's incredibly common. I third this suggestion, if you have to send the file to multiple parties they can all share among themselves (it's BitTorrent after all) speeding up the process even further. There are lots of programmers globally, the top few percent is probably on the order of a couple of football stadiums worth of people. You are probably closer to that then you suspect. > If FB goes down, people waste less time online, if a guidance system fails people may die. Goes down yes, but what about a data breach? What if, for example, the location of a woman is mistakenly exposed to a abusive partner? In my view the distinction between a senior software engineer and not is the ability to see how both human and software systems interact and find failure modes that others may miss. Really cool idea. I've often thought about creating games with physical objects controlled remotely (my idea was something like RC cars). I'll give this a shot. I was thinking about using making a scale model of a cityscape and letting people race cars with cameras mounted to them. Getting stuck would be a feature (just like a real car race, if you get stuck somewhere you'll lose), and require human intervention to fix. I think latency is the real problem, games work around this in many ways that aren't possible in the real world. I've always felt you can't do Dune in a single movie, the world is just too big. I'd say it has to be a minimum of two or three parts to really tell the story. ahh great, that will improve things I think. The first movie attempt just felt so rushed and skipped over so many details. We have devops, why not marksales? I'd like a view of the ocean from my home office window, however I don't want it enough to pay market rates for it. You may feel otherwise and are free to spend your money as you wish. The tracking number reports the package as delivered, someone came by and picked it up after it was left at the front door. > Why does anyone still use PayPal? Paypal.com -> Subscriptions -> Unsubscribe Paypal makes it two or three clicks to unsub from any reoccurring payment. No dark patterns or "call us" required. I use it whenever I can for subscription services. I'm talking about payments to third parties. When you use PayPal to subscribe to a service you can easily unsubscribe where sometimes services make it difficult to do so otherwise. For example the New York Times forces you to call and speak to a retention specialist if you want to cancel and you paid by credit card. With PayPal it's 3 clicks. Seconded. The Dilbert plugin can also make the wait times more tolerable. A trip to https://time.gov/ on a device that I trust would convince me. Another article has this line: "He initially admitted to being in the room with the electrical foreman while receiving overtime pay — but later recanted, according to Pokorny." https://nypost.com/2020/09/24/mta-workers-had-hidden-man-cav... > How do you think people in nursing homes died from it? What choices did they get in the matter? I suspect people in nursing homes in NY would've done better without government intervention. "More than 4,500 recovering coronavirus patients were sent to New York’s already vulnerable nursing homes under a controversial state directive..." https://apnews.com/article/5ebc0ad45b73a899efa81f098330204c You know when a mechanic has a sign out front that says "free brake inspection", how often do you think he says "brakes look great, no work needed"? You should only take advantage of a offer like that if you already suspect something is wrong or in the case of a orthodontist when you think your kid needs braces to begin with. My understanding is the newer long acting insulins work so well for many it is like they no longer have diabetes, they can pretty much eat whatever they want and be fine. The older insulins require more careful management of diet and blood sugar levels than the long acting types and are less convenient for that reason. Before the flash drive heat throttles itself? That is exactly the reason. I live in PA. NJ has higher income taxes than PA but lower gasoline taxes. This changed in recent years as gasoline taxes in NJ have gone up, eliminating most of the advantage of filling up there from people on the NJ border. Another solution is to store a URL and a integer score (so you can rank companies). The longest URL I was able to get through CloudFlare recently was about two thousand characters but most will be much smaller. If someone wants the review taken down they can talk to whomever is hosting the content. Tweets, Medium articles, Facebook posts etc could hold the review content itself. Want to take down 5 unfavorable reviews, then write 5 letters to 5 different companies. AIM, ICQ and Yahoo Chats would work fine on that machine what features does Slack have that requires the additional resources? That one rivet that didn't quite go all the way in... For me rather than use a phone with a case I'd prefer the manufacturer just make the phone larger so it can be handle day to day life without a protective sleeve. I believe that is illegal in the US. "A person may not advertise for sale, sell, use, install, or have installed, a device that makes an odometer of a motor vehicle register a mileage different from the mileage the vehicle was driven, as registered by the odometer within the designed tolerance of the manufacturer of the odometer"[0] [0] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/49/32703 > In 2015, emails show that Garda employees discussed how to keep TD Bank from learning that a single branch couldn’t find $924,000 of the bank’s coins. If that was all quarters, that is somewhere in the ballpark of 25 tons of material. That didn't go missing by employees carrying it out in their pockets. You can't run that through the local coin star. How on earth is this possible? That's 20 pounds worth, roughly the weight of a sledgehammer. How do you carry a sledgehammer out of a secure facility every day for a decade? Only 15 grand a month. You would need a household income of 380k to reasonably afford that house. Poking around it looks like Intel announced a plan for $10 billon worth of stock buybacks recently. If that's true this isn't "going all in on your core business" and instead more like going all in on your share price. I played around with this previously. For playing audio the "button" can be a invisible div that takes up the entire page and interacting with it can be not only clicking but simply moving the mouse over the div. James had a huge impact on my thinking as a young man as I'm sure he did to many others. A life well lived. "Sorry I'm looking a bit out of sorts, my mirror had a update so I wasn't able to do my makeup this morning" 24% seems to be the top 0.01% of taxpayers federal tax burden, not the average and it does not include state and local taxes or property taxes. > According to this data, in 2017, the top 1 percent of taxpayers paid an average federal income tax rate of 26.76 percent. The bottom 99 percent, or all the rest of the taxpayers, paid an average rate of 11.4 percent. If we look at just the bottom 50 percent, the average rate paid by these taxpayers is even lower, at 4 percent. > At the very top end of the AGI distribution, we see average rates decrease slightly, but remain significantly higher than the average rates paid by those lower on the income distribution: 25 percent for the top 0.01 percent and 24 percent for the top 0.001 percent. https://taxfoundation.org/average-federal-income-tax-rates-2... . If you have better numbers I'd like to see them. 24% didn't seem right to me so I wanted to see where that figure came from. Low income households pay negative federal income tax rates (7.65% for FICA included) after the earned income credit is applied. You can make a case that the 7.65% paid by the employer also lowers wages, but if you want to discuss second order effects like that you have to also get into the weeds that taxes on corporations increase the costs of goods and and are a indirect tax on consumers. Calculating the actual rate is almost impossible as you'd need to factor in property taxes, gasoline taxes, sales taxes, costs involved in vehicle registration and other permits and so on. Even then people disagree on what a is a tax and what isn't and argue that some of those things shouldn't be included. For example, the individual mandate in the affordable care act levied what was called a fine to people who did not have health insurance the previous year (Individual Shared Responsibility Payment) but in real terms this wasn't very different than a tax and was collected by the IRS. Similarly, some would claim Social Security and Medicare payments are not taxes due to the fact that those programs directly provide services to the party who paid into them. This is also the justification for phasing them out over certain income thresholds as after you have contributed a certain amount to the program you are "paid up" as it were. My point is in order to discuss this first we must agree on what constitutes a tax in the first place and that is much easier said than done. If we take the all non voluntary payments to any government and their second order effects route we are probably talking about a rate of over 50% on average, however under that same definition Facebook is paying much more than 4%. I recently re-watched most of his films as I created a programming language that emits error messages based on his accent[0]. I was unable to find a single film that he was involved in that I did not enjoy. Some actors not only practice their craft well but also only seem to put their stamp on films that are worth the audiences time. [0]Example: "shtirred: filter requiresh a function and a lisht ash input!" - http://connerylang.org/ They tried to have a reoccurring comic relief character in Sheriff John W. Pepper but it only lasted two films. He played a sheriff or prison guard in a number of films of that era as well. I was driving a Ford Fiesta for a while and it would hijack the stereo, mute the music and say something like "Please connect your phone to run a vehicle report" while driving once a week or so. The only way to get the radio back was dismiss the modal it popped up or presumably install the app and let it send data home. Similarly my previous trash company raised rates several times the year before last nearly doubling the cost, then a competitor came in at the original price and virtually everyone switched. They offered to lower us back down when we canceled the service but they were a day late and a dollar short. They still send us letters begging us to come back. They have this nice line in their TOS: > LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. IF YOU ARE IN ANY WAY DISSATISFIED WITH THE INSTANT INK SERVICE OR ANY PART THEREOF INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AN INSTANT INK PROGRAM OR THE SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE INSTANT INK SERVICE AND/OR THE APPLICABLE INSTANT INK PROGRAM. I had no idea you could have a contract that says, "if you don't like how we fulfilled the contract all you are allowed to do is go away, even if we burn your house down." https://instantink.hpconnected.com/us/en/terms Everyone says that but does anyone actually try it? At 30 years old I already have my beverage preferences, if I never saw a Pepsi ad again Coke would still be too sweet for me. Who are these people who are swayed by this? Who hasn't tried both and determined a preference already? > It takes more than shoes to get such a one sided outcome. If you make them out of cardboard and try to cross the Carpathian Mountains perhaps not. https://ww1blog.osborneink.com/?p=5961 Modern ignition systems are digital. From what I've been told its hard to hotwire modern cars. Dot comment? >Part of the problem is, engineers love shiny things. Status pages are fundamentally boring things. Who wants to work on them? I would work on a status page. It's a interesting problem, creating tests that prove services are viable at a place like AWS would be fun. However what I don't want to deal with is some director of so and so I never heard of yelling at me at 3 in the morning because my status page reported that his service was down accurately. I suspect that plays more into the problem. The status page is a political implement not a technical one. For me, transaction times and cost. Paying $2 to send $100 over 15 - 30 minutes, feels expensive and slow to me as a buyer. Sellers are used to longer clearance times and higher fees it would be more like our modern system if the seller paid the fee. I have many workloads where 15 minutes may be just a little too short for comfort. A hour timeout would have me reaching for Lambda more often. I believe the courts have ruled that it is still considered unauthorized access even if the target doesn't make any attempt to defend themselves (see the AT&T hack). However I wouldn't hold my breath that it would be prosecuted that way. I agree. Passenger spaceflight would be offered widely and more affordably in short order if you remove all liability from vendors for deaths and injury of passengers. That doesn't mean it's ready yet. I have no idea how those contracts are enforceable. Quit your job, move across the country and then on your first day here are nine contracts to sign, no you can't take them home we need them now. If you don't sign you are unemployed and we want that relocation money back. I used to ask potential employers when I got deep into interviews with them. "Is there any way I can see all the contracts I would need to sign on my first day?" and my experience is employers are very taken aback the question. How can you possibly talk remuneration when there also is some hidden contract that is part of it that you can't see until your first day? I've only worked at small to mid sized firms. Either way, Knowing what the agreement is before I agree is special treatment? I'm not asking to modify the contract, merely to see it before I give notice and upend my families life.