what would happen if a suspect destroyed the keys? What would happen if the suspect destroyed keys prior to arrest? (ignoring the similar difficulty of proving this) That last part, what? Excellent app! I too am jealous you beat me to it. I just wanted to say one thing, you can make it open source, or wait until someone else does it. Now if that isn't karma I don't know what is Hey, I'd be very interested to hear more about this! Do you have a newsletter or something like that? I had the idea that there is so much untapped potential in selective breeding of cannabis after reading about various terpenes and their medicinal properties. The market's just been breeding for ridiculous THC levels (I daresay harmful levels - unfortunately I know several heavy smokers who have been institutionalized) without the CBD to balance it and without exploring the role of the other chemicals. So I'm happy to hear that this is changing! (Like that news of a 15% CBD 1% THC strain from a few years back) I wish you the best of luck! To clarify on the last bit, I was thinking it would be great if the genetics from the new high CBD strains could be brought into the mainstream by crossbreeding with popular strains. My interest in this has to do with the idea that in the 1970s, CBD and THC levels were both around 1%. THC has skyrocketed but CBD has not. THC is known to trigger psychosis and paranoia in sensitive individuals, while CBD reduces anxiety and was found to be as effective as other anti-psychotics. TL;DR too much sativa not enough indica :) Mouth sounds. Thanks for posting that! :) I'm sorry to hear that. are you Steve? I read a similar story a while back! I'm curious, could you kill an animal and cut it up? Do you realize you pay people to do this every time you buy meat? Are you cool with that? In the Netherlands I've had to declare bitcoins on my taxes the last few years. I had the idea a few months ago that, since no one wants to see ads, and since most devices greatly under-utilize potential output, ad networks would slowly be replaced by computation networks over the next few years. So for the time you spend (actively) on a website, instead of being shown ads, you "rent" your device's CPU etc in exchange for the content. woah. What kind of lists are those? How do you benefit from having fewer readers? could you post a bit about your experience? How has this benefited you? Do you mean that exercising led to you becoming vegetarian or cutting down meat? Edit: lol looks like I should get some sleep Vertical tabs for web browsing. It lets me keep everything in one window, and reveals the true nature of internet browsing (an ever expanding tree, rather than a randomly edited list). You can see which page spawned which ones, which is a blessing for keeping the structure organized. Plus the vertical list is much more readable than microscopic tabs or ones hidden with horizontal scrolling. Also, horizontal screen space is cheaper! I use the Tree Style Tab add-on with FireFox, it's the most solid one I've tried. Has anyone here tried PhotoReading? It's the same principle of reading the same text several times, along with an additional preparation by "photo reading": taking in the whole book with a relaxed gaze, one page at a time (about 1 second per page). This makes it easier to find relevant information later, as you instantly familiarize yourself with the high level structure of the material: the relationship between the layout of the page and the information contained. Highly recommended! Link shortcut: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ionescu007/lxss/master/The... My problem with generic chargers is a bit less subtle: my phone battery melted. Oh my god. Can you share any results? Simple and beautiful. That's a really interesting idea. If that existed here I would subscribe to you now. What is this mysterious ubiquitous "unauthenticated ssh tunneling"? You may be interested in Quikscript, a writing system inspired by shorthand and intended to replace the messy English writing system. I'm curious, how much benefit is there to having a fibre connection in NZ except for NZ websites? What's the max speed? Not familiar either, but that's an amazing idea Which system did you choose? If you want to be paranoid, I wouldn't type sensitive info into those machines (for any number of reasons) Thank you. That's fascinating. I'm trying to do this with bots. How many ports are there? Are you referring to something like this? http://blog.patshead.com/2013/09/generating-new-more-secure-... At least in term of Apple, it makes a bit more sense when you consider that apple owns Beats, the best selling Bluetooth headphones in the world, and also that they'll get paid a flat fee for each lightning compatible set of headphones made. It's about the courage to make lots of money! Thank you. My heart nearly stopped there. How about carbon nanotubes reinforced with carbon nanotubes? Would it be possible to make a browser plugin to do exactly that? Are those like dog years? {"Error":"sql: no rows in result set"} So... I dont want/need to think about this cause I'll be long dead? :) On a related note, how optimistic are you about life extending medical technology (which is likely to be accelerated by even minor advances in computing and AI)? UNIX and JavaScript? I'm noticing very short ads on YouTube (about 5sec) which are cheaper and more effective (ime) than the longer ones, which are usually skipped before they communicate the message and cause (more) annoyance. Wait.. what? I thought it has a headphone jack? My question is offtopic, but how do you keep lists of urls like that? Do you just use text files? I'm struggling with too much to read Wow how much do you have? I believe it has exceptional value, in the form of not spoiling the whole thing before you even click on it. I can't believe what I just read. Wow, that's great to hear about the head cam. Where are you putting these recordings? I wasn't able to select an answer until the image finished loading (well, it would submit the answer I selected at that point). I would suggest making it so it doesn't have to load the image before you can respond, and maybe compress them a bit more :) Here you go! https://www.justinobeirne.com/essay/what-happened-to-google-... it was on HN a few months ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11604387 Mgmt > Mgmt + Dev ? Hope you don't mind I ride off the bottom comment ;) I came here to post that the article misses the point! As you said, diamond rings are about the status. They are a signal, first and foremost. It's like expensive cars and (dare I say) Apple products: the wastefulness is an indicator of wealth, just like the peacock's massive tail is wasteful: it is expensive to grow and detrimental to its ability to escape predators. So, as dimino suggested, I would spend the same amount... but I'd spend it on Moissanite ;) The Internet = other people's computers I wonder how much I'm working to combine the technologies of spectrograms and photo-reading to be able to quickly skim any audio or video. Though, by the time I'm done it will probably be trivial to just use speech recognition ITT: everyone talking about Telegram instead of Telegraph. How does userbase affect usability? Also, I tried Wire recently, which has e2e and all your messages on all your devices. I tnink sent messages duplicated, encrypted with each of your devices keys. So when you add a device it can't read previous messages. What do we do about this? Thanks for the info. On a tangentially related note, do you have any idea what happens to the concept of sea level on earth as the sea level changes? No. What is your reason to be scared? Approx the intelligence of a cat "except AWS" I've been thinking about things like this, where for example, if you only buy vegetarian food at McDonalds you are still supporting deforestation and inhumane treatment of animals. If you buy AWS you are supporting the inhumane treatment of humans. Judging by the article and the comments, that sounds to me like more effort than Amazon is worth. Yeah they're usually more of the same but further along the timeline. "I don't care about price or hours (within reason), I care about not having to think about it." Brilliant, thank you for your comment! Does the caloric restriction thing basically mean that for each person there is a certain amount of food they can eat before they die? May i ask what is the benefit of using your own as well as an outside solution? More info? That sounds fascinating. Mini anecdote: met a very friendly schizophrenic guy in a coffeeshop who got really paranoid and uncomfortable after he smoked... and apparently he smoked all the time. Well.. if you have a latent mental illness and you take psychoactive substances, you may have a bad time. The issue is complicated: people often don't know about their illness and don't know that they respond differently to substances than other people do. I'm looking forward to a future where genetic testing for these things is as common as testing your drugs for purity (which, i hope, will also be be more common!) My friend in med school mentioned a study that found a number of genes for which smoking cannabis increases risk of developing schizophrenia, and a small number for which smoking cannabis actually decreases it! If anyone has heard of this I'd love a link to the study Wow, thanks for sharing that Thanks for the link, that's incredible. Like, incredibly bad. Have you heard any news on this? I enjoy reading words which indicate the person who wrote them is not entirely dead inside. It provides, i feel, for a Mor Better Reading Experience™ Would you care to elaborate? As someone who spends about half my free time on both websites, I am experiencing a mixture of hurt and intrigue. What about OS X? http://webcomicname.tumblr.com/post/154211839894 How do people make SVGs these days? Inkscape? By hand? A combination? Wow, that sounds neat Wait a minute, switched to Linux because of gaming? I'm considering switching to macOS so I can play StarCraft. (That's not the only reason haha) No. Where's that sarcasmark when you need it! Uh, maybe I'm missing something, but aren't backlinks the entire concept Google is based on? I used to click only on ads I didn't like, to charge the creators money, until I realized the networks were optimizing for showing me only ads I hated. The trick is that using a simple frame-by-frame approach means the details filled in only depend on the frame, not on the details which were filled in to the previous frame, so you get crazy jitter. Deepart.io now has a video mode [0] that takes this into account. [0] https://deepart.io/video/ I believe the down-scaling is done the old fashioned way. The up-scaling uses a neural network to guess what the original image was. See waifu2x [0][1]. The new thing here is that they're using it to save bandwidth, and running it on the user side. [0] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nagadomi/waifu2x/master/im... [1] http://waifu2x.udp.jp/ That sounds interesting. Do you have any links? I must not understand what you mean by scaling up, I though the best way to scale up pixel art was to disable interpolation, so each pixel just becomes a perfectly sharp square? Solid advice! Would you mind sharing some of the systems you've implemented? Any suggestions? Your comment reminded me of Karma Yoga, the practice of taking action without attachment to the outcome. I have used this successfully this very week, with my worst insomnia yet. A trick i learned is that writing mainly helps me to clarify my thoughts, so i realized i can do that without turning on the light and getting a pen: i can use a voice recorder (on my phone) and whisper into it, like journaling out loud. Hope this helps! Do you mean to say that they were running a mainframe emulator on a mainframe? Yes! I second this. I started using Insight Timer and am now meditating every single day for the first time. I would like to expand on atroyn's reply: Every choice you ever make is self-reinforcing. If you choose to do the "right" thing or the "wrong" thing in any given moment, that will reinforce your tendency to either persevere or to give up, in the future. So while some moments of decision may seem more important than others (with obvious / immediate consequences), these moments are in fact all supremely important. Over time these decisions solidify into habits and character traits. Ultimately, they will determine your fate in life. Really? I googled to check but only found Password Safe. What is insane about it? Thanks, that's somewhat uplifting. They say the eyes are the window into the soul, but really we're just looking at each other's brains! Probably not what OP meant, but I usually have to look something up on Google for every few lines of code I write. It takes me less time to look things up than to learn em properly. That's interesting, my experience (and my friend's) with Modafinil has been that it helps you stay with a task for longer, in other words leaving things unfinished bothers you more than it usually does. It seems that a pattern would be any useful combination of basic elements. Does anyone know of a comprehensive list of the basic elements in writing? Ahh shit, and i was just beginning to think that a site i found a while back (can't remember the name) which used a hash function to generate your passwords hash(strong_master_pass + site + user) was a perfect solution... Would you mind sharing why you did it? I've been curious about this for a while. Is there a special way to do it, or do you just.. do it? My undestanding is that you are allowed 10 accounts. Which part of that confuses you? If it was the quoting SW part, my understanding is that they used that as a simple source of human language. What does it remind you of? I haven't used GA. They're following the format 'bababa', where 'b' is a random consonant and 'a' is a random vowel. And it was at this moment andai that realised, that YouTube comments are written by regular people. I see... Could someone buy 200k for $100? Can you buy retweets from accounts with human followers? Don't know why you were downvoted, as this is one of the most important uses of bots. Maybe people are sick of hearing the term. There also seems to be some confusion about its meaning and its purpose. I thought, "ha, he'd need a botnet to make any noticeable impact", when I thought, has anyone thought of that? Using a network of bots to detect and report obvious bot accounts. I am very happy you have a free version! I am currently adding screen size responsiveness to my website, working from my phone (don't have access to proper computer right now) so this is exactly what I need! I've been wondering about this. I have a bit of dandruff. I really like the fluffy hair feeling i get when i wash most/all the grease out. But sometimes i can wash my hair 4-5 times and it's still greasy! Wow, brilliant! Thanks! I have great ideas and forget almost everything. He was leaving himself notes which he later didn't recognize, he thought someone was in the apartment! It was suggestions on reddit tnat made him realize it was CO poisoning. Anecdotal: I've bought cheap versions of things online enough times that I don't want to do it again (just got home from helping a friend install a battery that didn't even fit properly). I've had a few things melt and a couple explode.. I shudder to think that you would risk your life on a device of questionable quality. I meant (with a great sadness in my heart) that YouTube comments do indeed come from relatively ordinary members of the human species. I might be wrong, but I don't think we can simulate flame wars yet. bred* :) When I was very young I spoke with a man who informed me in no uncertain terms that the digital age was old news and the next big thing would be bio-entertainment. That last part got my attention! I'm currently studying internet marketing and there's so much stuff out there that makes me uneasy... have you found any resources for ethical marketing? Is it pronounced "yotskee"? Thank you, that is great advice. He elaborated a little: my understanding (at the time) was basically "Pokémon in real life". For everyone asking about magsafe, you can buy a usb-c to magsafe adapter. (2 parts which separate) Ah yes... but that is not what literally literally means. I tnink OP was looking at it like "x is a member of a set which has only one member", so in the sense that, you can't be a little pregnant, only completely. I was going to say, “Yes, but what if the progress is kind of shit?”, but you put it much better. Have you heard of "e prime"? It is the English language with the word "be" (and all its conjugations) removed, so it is not possible to make claims about objective reality, only one's experience and perspective of it. From my favorite etymology website, the etymology of the word literally: http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=literally It seems many people have their locale set to en-us, but don't like seeing °F, inches etc. Go to Menu > Settings > Language > English [en] That will give you °C, mm, etc >... infantile amnesia starts to dissipate when children begin crawling and walking. > Once babies begin moving through space rather than being carried passively ... the brain’s place cells and grid cells start firing and aligning themselves to the environment, encoding the spaces being explored and ultimately building the scaffolding of episodic memory. > Could giving a child an apparatus for self-locomotion during the critical period result in positive cognitive skills later on? > One 2012 study showed how infants with severe motor impairment who were trained to use custom-made carts to move scored higher on cognitive and language tests than a control group. > A 7-month-old child with spina bifida increased his cognition and language skills in the study at a rate greater than his chronological age. This is probably my resentment speaking, but I resonate with this Paul Graham essay about school years being miserable primarily due to school, not puberty. http://www.paulgraham.com/nerds.html Apparently, the code for parsing PDFs has grown larger than the linux kernel. That's quite an attack surface! The design intended for random strangers to be able to print angry robots? Most of them can be automated. I reckon you got downvoted not because you're wrong, but because it makes people uncomfortable to consider that. I was just thinking today about Thomas Jefferson's idea that the constitution be rewritten every 19 years (every generation). I arrived at that thought while thinking about how Dropbox Paper is more modern than Google Docs (which turns 12 this year). Sometimes it's better to start over from scratch. It lets you do things you actually couldn't do with lots of small changes. That's an interesting point about finding things you completely forgot about in journals. It made me realize, if I had to reconstruct my memory from written notes, I would end up with a lot of stuff that was only important to me at the moment my thoughts were being written down. The Internet is made almost entirely of other people's computers. If you put something on the Internet, you are putting trust in those people (and companies). I what was meant was, most people do not understand that when they send nudes to someone, that person is not the only person that has access to those nudes. As an example, let's say Alice sends nudes to Bob, by way of a simple email. In this example they do not use encryption or even SSL. Apart from Alice and Bob, there are others who can access the nudes: * others on the local network * the ISPs (of both parties) * email server providers (of both parties) * anybody recording internet traffic at any relevant point in this process This is where the metaphor of sending a letter breaks down. People use the Internet as though messages only reach their desired recipients. I'm assuming I don't need to name the specific agency which has been intercepting nudes and forwarding them to their colleagues. It is true that that is illegal. It is true that (most) people have an expectation of privacy. It is also true that that expectation is broken on a regular basis. Therefore, unfortunately, in the world we currently live in (which is not an ideal world where corporations and governments always follow the law), that expectation is unfounded. I wish you were right. I wish it were 50 years off. Life, however, has other plans: https://arstechnica.com/business/2017/02/how-being-replaced-... (Incidentally there's actually a gif of a robot cooking in there.) There's a few answers in the thread about how he basically revealed a troubling character attribute to his coworkers. He acted as though he did not know or care what he did to upset them (evidenced by not apologising), and they now expect he is capable of acting the same way in other (professional and personal) situations. Noob question: what are the problems here? Mail server being compromised, and/or any of the sender/recipient machines? Wow that looks great! I'll keep an eye on this :) Are you using the built-in encryption? Does anyone know about any research for fingerprinting the host inside a virtual machine? See also: detecting and motion tracking people behind walls, with the ability to recognise specific people ( also using wifi ). http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625636/rf-capture-mit-wi... Of particular interest: It can determine breathing patterns and heart rate. This one! http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625636/rf-capture-mit-wi... It can detect people and track their movements behind walls , and tell different people apart. It can also measure breathing patterns and heart rate. Though the headline is depressing and somewhat obvious, the article itself is hopeful and has links to a dozen different experimental schools. Worth a read. That sounds fascinating! Electrical, mechanical, hydraulic? I was asking what you meant! :) I've only heard of analog computers in an ancient context, so I have no idea what kinds people are working on nowadays. You mentioned "chip" in another comment, so I'm guessing it's not mechanical/hydraulic. In a typical company, earning a fixed monthly salary, you will end up paying the company the majority of the money you make for them, and the more value you produce the company, the less you earn by comparison (since in most companies your contribution is not immediately reflected in the salary and can be hard to measure). Flat fee + 10% of earnings seems very, very generous to me by comparison. But I do agree that was a very important detail left out of the article! I'm surprised the article didn't mention time4vps[0]. For about $4.25 you get 2 cores, 2 GB ram, 80GB storage, 2TB transfer. That's over twice the value of anything in this article. Potential catch for people based in US: The servers are in Europe (lithuania), and network speed isn't as great as others I've tried. But if you need something super cheap, I highly recommend it. Their storage is also excellent value (about $3 per TB). Btw, does anyone know other cheap storage providers? Thanks. [0] https://www.time4vps.eu/ They offer KVM as well now! (Again $4,25 per month). 2GB RAM, 2TB transfer, 40GB storage. Only one core though. https://billing.time4vps.eu/cart/&step=3 shorthand (redirects) http://t4vps.eu I can relate to that "high". I'm not sure about the science behind this but my best guess is that it's like the opposite of the drowsy feeling you get after a big meal: You aren't spending energy on digestion, and the whole body and brain "wake up" and become alert, because, well, you need to be alert so you can survive and get more food! haha Have you tried total fasting and/or intermittent fasting? I did a 3 day total fast a few months ago and it was a bit uncomfortable, but it was more psychological than physical. I'd never gone for more than a few hours without eating before, and that was very unsettling. After a day and a half I sort of "settled into it". There's new studies coming out more often now on the life-extending benefits of caloric restriction (in mice). I think there was a study on some kind of simians too. Seconded! Fascinating article. What is ultrasound used for here? I've noticed in computer graphics and games that there are some simple things you can do that go a long way towards making the game "cool", things like particles for example. I never thought something like this could actually save a dying project, I'll keep that in mind! I've never heard of a fiber only fast. What can you eat that only contains fiber? I imagine by self-discovery OP meant "thinking about / deciding what to do", rather than actually doing things. I see a future where residential heating is powered by community owned bitcoin mining rigs. Maybe, as a species, we've been in this situation before. Perhaps we realized we weren't ready, or never will be, to deal with a world in which all labor is replaced by technology, so we made one last high tech invention to destroy all the technology. The cycle continues! Does bt have checksums for pieces and files? I thought it was only pieces. What can be done to protect against attacks like this? I'm considering switching from Android to iOS since I've heard good things about the security and privacy. Yeah, from what I've heard the Chinese ones come with this sort of stuff pre-installed! That is a very important point! :( ITT: triggered carnivores I feel like you have a point in there somewhere. Would you like to share it? Maybe they were holding their phone at an angle? I guess my comment came across as rude, I didn't mean it that way. I originally wrote a reply something along the lines of "I hear that argument a lot: if we didn't raise animals for food they wouldn't even be born!" But I thought it would be better to ask you to clarify rather than respond based on an assumption. My apologies. Which guideline do you feel that I have strayed from? Any thoughts on UNIX security? I've been wondering what the most secure OS is for a long time, and the answer seems to be "systems that stopped being developed before you were born." Thank you, I'll take a look! Wow! Thanks so much for all the resources. I have added them to my notes. To the people who downvoted this fellow: why don't you post a comment instead? Indeed there is much to be said for the value of diversifying your assets, and the same is true when it comes to physical and nonphysical currency. Now, where to put them... Ms. Semuels, it seems, places them in the same mental category. Well, I guess us guys will just have to start marrying each other! Source? I would like to verify these depressing findings. It is worth mentioning that the entire population of Iceland is less than half that of Amsterdam. software engineer? You just gave me an idea.. you could actually run an entire company on nothing but free work by candidates doing "homework assignments"... This comes to mind https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13194074 http://tryoldster.com/ I still haven't figured out how to actually open a file/folder in Finder (with the keyboard). I installed W10 just to try it, to confirm that it was as terrible as everyone said. It was, and I decided to switch back just a few days after it had silently deleted the files required to undo the uninstall :( What's BeOS like? How has the Hackintosh experience been for you? I like the idea of cheap powerful hardware, but fiddling with drivers and configs sounds like the exact opposite of what led me to get a mac in the first place Where are you going? Oh! Thanks. ⌘↓ works as well (and ⌘↑ to navigate to parent directory). Windows 7 is supported until 2020, in case you liked that one. That should at least give you time to think things over :) How has your experience with Elementary been? I've been thinking of getting a MacBook for my mom in a few months. In the meantime, I had to reinstall her linux laptop, so I thought I'd give her Elementary because I heard good things about it, and from the screenshots I figured it would be like halfway between linux and mac, so might ease the transition a little. But in the end, I got so frustrated with it I switched it back to Xubuntu! You're right, eventually modern display technology will catch up to the point where it indistinguishably simulate CRT screens :) Is there a benefit of running Whonix in Qubes? Or just that running Qubes is a good idea in general? Ahh, when I last tried it, it was called Linux MultiMedia Studio :) They're being paid by the spooks! On a serious note, doesn't cyberwarfare sound more like it could lead to nasty consequences, such as regular warfare, rather than preventing it? I'm curious about these existing solutions, do you have any links or names?