As I understand this, the CMU team allegedly deanonymized SR2 in the course of their research, and then shared the information with the FBI. Once they had done that, they were allegedly forced to withdraw their Black Hat presentation. There's also the issue that the CMU team had NSA funding. I haven't seen any claims that the CMU team was initially focusing on SR2 and other "illegal" sites. But I wouldn't be surprised by that. If that's what happened, it wasn't a wiretap. It was a tip. It's common knowledge that the FBI, DEA, etc have typically relied on the NSA for such exploits. But this would not have helped against the attack described here: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-security-advisory-relay... Once a malicious relay becomes an entry guard for a hidden service, it's game over. The association of SR2 deanonymization with CMU's withdrawn Black Hat presentation is indeed speculative. But there's arguably more to it than innuendo. Time will tell. It's well known that the DoD has funded Tor from the start. But it's at least decent of them to independently fund CMU to compromise it ;) I'm thinking mainly of EFF, Bamford's books, and the Snowden releases. Are you claiming that parallel construction isn't SOP? Reaching way back, why do you think that the Weathermen got a pass in Chicago? There's also the fact that iCloud backups are encrypted with keys that Apple controls. So even if messages are securely end-to-end encrypted, Apple can produce available iCloud backups. Right. End-to-end encryption is just one of three key aspects. The second is hiding or randomizing metadata. Old-school Mixmaster nyms with Tor transport and alt.anonymous.messages as inbox does a good job. It's fatal weaknesses are complexity, and consequently small anonymity space. Services such as CounterMail, Tutanota and ProtonMail are taking user-friendly (abeit weaker and proprietary) approaches. DarkMail may eventually be a fundamental solution, but may be too ambitious. The third is end-point security. It's crucial to use full-disk encryption, and to avoid being exploited. That involves both software and wetware hardening. But even that's inadequate. It's essential to compartmentalize unconformable information in separate and isolated compartments. Isolation comprises all aspects: devices, network and Internet connectivity, communication partners, and so on. Using dm-crypt/LUKS, there's a very fast and total wipe to execute when sensors fail. Let's assume that /dev/sdb1 is the LUKS volume. First backup the LUKS header: "cryptsetup -v luksHeaderBackup --header-backup-file=/tmp/LUKS-header /dev/sdb1". Then encrypt (gpg -c) the LUKS-header, and anonymously stash a few copies online. This is the weak point. You must remember where at least one of them is, and also remember the passphrase. When sensors fail, swatd runs "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; sync; shutdown -P now". To recover, you would just boot into initramfs, restore the LUKS header, and reboot. How about "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput set-int-prop 2 "Device Enabled" 8 0; xset dpms force off; xscreensaver-command --lock; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger"? That way, the keyboard and display would be gone while sync was completing. Also, does rebooting protect better against reading RAM than shutting down? Many VPN services now provide obfuscated access. Some use haggismn's XOR patch for OpenVPN. Others provide access via SSH, Stunnel (SSL) and/or obfsproxy (obfs3). I presume that any approach developed for Tor could be used with VPN. Using meek, traffic is obfuscated and routed through arbitrary third-party sites. This works well, and is very fast: head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput --disable 9; xinput --disable 10; xset dpms force off; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger Authentication and quality control are obviously problematic with "illegal" (statist BS) drugs. While customer feedback on anonymous marketplaces does provide some assurance, it is easily gameable. Still, LSD is so potent that adulteration is not a serious risk. Few drugs are hazardous, let alone effective, at doses well under 1 mg. And those that are would not likely be sold as LSD, but rather explicitly as poisons. Blotter and windowpane are the safest dosage forms, because there is less capacity for adulterants. Starting with a low dose is prudent for many reasons. There's a good discussion of progressive dosing strategy in PiHKAL. Specifically: http://www.crackle.com/c/kidnapped?cmpid=3529&utm_medium=660... WTF? Good thing that we run NoScript ;) Is that the lesson of the day? Bitcoin arguably cannot become mainstream without secure hosted wallets. Most people won't use Bitcoins until wallets start looking like debit cards, with authenticated access, insurance, and so on. Even so, prudent investors will keep large balances in offline wallets, securely encrypted and backed up. In my experience, it's simplest to use multiple offline wallets, each in its own VM. To start using a wallet, one merely copies its VM to an online host, and appropriately configures network access for the VM. That's too proprietary for me. Too much could go wrong. If someone has enough Bitcoins to bother with offline wallets, knowing how to use VMs isn't too much to expect. I'm committed to freedom and requisite privacy. Bitcoins interest me primarily because they can (with some effort) be used anonymously. I advocate the compartmentalization of activity among multiple online identities. Each identity has dedicated VMs, and each VM reaches the Internet through some nested chain of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. Consequently, Bitcoins end up in multiple VMs. Some VMs are associated with particular identities. Others are as anonymous as fresh Whonix instances can make them. I could transfer wallet credentials between VMs, but that would take about as much time as moving VMs around. Anyway, that's what using VMs as wallet holders gets me. My host machines all run Linux with dm-crypt/LUKS, and I have good physical security. If I were on the road, I'd buy a notebook for cash from some random shop, and boot Tails. If I had to, I could operate without local storage, using information that I had encrypted and archived online. But a Trezor, even fresh and charged with recovered wallet credentials, could be found and taken. Privacy at the browser level is hopeless! The answer is to compartmentalize. This VM and its convoluted Internet connectivity are pure Mirimir. I care not that the browser has been fingerprinted, that my IP has been logged, that evercookies have been placed, etc, etc, etc. I have used Qubes, and I highly recommend it. But mostly I use VirtualBox in Debian. If you search my handle, you'll find how-to guides and articles. Basically, I use local networks of gateway VMs to route traffic through nested chains of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. I mostly use pfSense VMs, because they're so easy to secure. But Whonix is the best solution for using Tor. One could do the same in Qubes, more elegantly. And indeed, I got the idea of workspace and gateway VMs from Joanna Rutkowska's early posts about the Qubes project. Check out the link in my profile. There are a couple background articles on risk assessment and anonymity systems, and a series of eight how-to guides. I also write a lot on Wilders, and have at times on Tor.SE. I use various nested VPN chains, with three VPNs minimum. I also use a bunch of Whonix instances, connecting via VPN chains. And sometimes I play with JonDonym. Pond works through Tor, and Pond servers are hidden services. I consider that using Tor makes me a target, so I go through at least three VPN services. More cogent is the comment on page 17: "I wanted to remind people about Eldo Kim here ( the Harvard bomb threat hoax ). He had pretty good Concealment ( was using Tor ) but had no cover to explain WHY he was using Tor at that time, and then gave it up under questioning." I don't get why he says "VPN connection to TOR => GOTOJAIL". How is it OK that your ISP sees you connecting to Tor, but dangerous if your VPN provider does? Or is this about some other issue? He says that Tor to VPN is OK, as long as you buy the VPN service anonymously. So I don't think that there's semantic confusion. Also, there is a clear downside to tunneling VPNs through Tor, in that it prevents circuit switching, which increases vulnerability to deanonymization. Maybe I'm lying ;) http://www.cidrdb.org/cidr2015/Papers/CIDR15_Paper16.pdf I'd say 2015 :) Here is a list of potential targets that we investigated (they all call gethostbyname, one way or another), but to the best of our knowledge, the buffer overflow cannot be triggered in any of them: apache, cups, dovecot, gnupg, isc-dhcp, lighttpd, mariadb/mysql, nfs-utils, nginx, nodejs, openldap, openssh, postfix, proftpd, pure-ftpd, rsyslog, samba, sendmail, sysklogd, syslog-ng, tcp_wrappers, vsftpd, xinetd. See "Re: Qualys Security Advisory CVE-2015-0235 - GHOST: glibc gethostbyname buffer overflow" " rel="nofollow">http://seclists.org/oss-sec/2015/q1/283> . This is, of course, great news. However, it's my impression that there is a surplus of entry and middle nodes, and a serious shortage of exit nodes, especially fast ones. Also, I've read that the geographic diversity of exit nodes is inadequate. I base these comments on discussions on the tor-talk and tor-relays lists, and from posts on the Tor Project blog. I gather that various conservative cultures see much of Western popular culture as child porn. Even to arguably dissolute Americans, aspects of popular Japanese culture look a lot like child porn. Who gets to set standards on the Internet? If the least-permissive standard won for each category, the Internet would be boring. It is only natural that people with things to hide will be overrepresented among early adopters of technologies for hiding things. The solution isn't to weaken hidden services, so that evil can be more readily exposed. Far more useful will be increasing the accessibility and usability of hidden services for protecting human rights. In this case, dilution is truly the solution. It's good practice to discuss plans with your hosting provider, so that you and they both know what to expect. Stealth doesn't cut it, especially if there's real money at risk. Also, keep in mind that relay IPs, and perhaps even subnets, may show up on various blacklists. Other services (perhaps those of other hosting customers) may be affected. In the 60s, many Western hippies went through Iran on their Hippie Trail (Silk Road) tours. Many minds were bent. See Magic Bus: On the Hippie Trail from Istanbul to India by Rory MacLean (2008, Penguin). Yes, this is not at all a surprise. And yes, many nations are pursuing similar initiatives, to defend against Five Eyes snooping. What varies more is the emphasis (in public, at least) on backdoors. China, Russia and the UK want them. The rest of the EU and the US have been conflicted. Recall that US TLAs have been pushing for this since strong encryption became widely available in the 80s. And with all the FUD about cyberwar, they'll probably get their wishes granted soon. They also want backdoors for end-to-end encryption. Remember the Clipper Chip? Cypherpunks won that round with Silicon Valley support. But now that we're at cyberwar, all bets are off. I recall seeing this on tor-talk or tor-relays within the past year or so. Someone started running an exit, and their hosting provider nuked their account, claiming that other customers were being affected by bans. I'll see if I can find it. Edit: Here's one example, posted by Zack Weinberg on the tor-relays list.[0] CMU network operations has decided to move the Tor exit node that my group operates (tor-exit.cylab.cmu.edu) to an isolated subnet in order to minimize consequences for the rest of the campus network. For instance, apparently there have been several cases where third parties blacklisted the entire CMU IP space in response to malicious traffic from the exit node. This is currently scheduled to happen Tuesday (Nov. 4). The new IP address will be 204.194.29.4. [0] https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays/2014-Novem... That's why you want to rent your server as anonymously as possible. It's also why most hosting providers don't like anonymous customers. And those that are cool with it often charge more. Some sites don't bother distinguishing between relays and exits. They just block non-Tor access from all Tor node IPs. Do I have to respond to the American Community Survey (ACS)?[0] Yes. You are legally obligated to answer all the questions, as accurately as you can. The relevant laws are Title 18 U.S.C Section 3571[1] and Section 3559,[2] which amends Title 13 U.S.C. Section 221.[3] As I read that, it's an infraction, with a fine of not more than $5,000 and/or imprisonment of five days or less. [0] https://askacs.census.gov/faq.php?id=5000&faqId=7455 [1] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2010-title18/html/USCODE... [2] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title18/html/USCODE... [3] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title13/html/USCODE... It strikes me as odd that you would think that your kids are "unlikely to ever earn" as much as you have, or even less than a third as much. I'm curious about your basis for that assertion. Perhaps you're American, and it's grounded in the increasing concentration of wealth. Or perhaps it's just probabilistic. But in any case, isn't it better to share all of that with them? I'm assuming that there's an option to require approval before installing downloaded updates. Yes? As a user, Cyanogen is a great improvement over stock Android, no question. But there is zero hope of "regain[ing] complete control over the devices we own" without open-source radios and firmware. Just sayin'. I consider that anonymity and pseudonymity are aspects of privacy. What's private there are the associations between activity and identity. We need "privacy for the weak and transparency for the powerful" (see Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet by Julian Assange et alia). Yes, but I'd install it in the driveway, and not on the freeway ;) I don't have an updatable car. But I have used Windows. And it's become my practice to hold off for a few days after updates come out, and check for horror stories. And I typically do a manual backup before updating. The Ars article ends with: "A real audit of the [GnuPG] code would be great," Green said. "The problem is it would be really expensive and I'm not sure it's worth it." I wonder what Green means as the alternative to auditing the GnuPG code. Doing nothing? Or could he be arguing that it would be better to start from scratch? Is there a replacement in the wings? Or even as a glint in someone's eye? In " rel="nofollow">https://github.com/google/end-to-end> I see that "End-To-End is a Chrome extension that helps you encrypt, decrypt, digital sign, and verify signed messages within the browser using OpenPGP." That's rather limited. That is interesting. I wonder if Enigmail would support NetPGP as an alternative. It's not that hard to create a Tor hidden service, locally or on a VPS or hosted server. And using OnionShare " rel="nofollow">https://onionshare.org/> it's trivial. The US pharmaceutical industry is too wealthy for that to be workable. The game is to make friends while working at the FDA, and then to cash in. In order to serve the public interest, drug discovery and testing ought to occur in academia. The pharmaceutical industry should play no role in that, and should merely manufacture approved drugs. Edit: Please see The Truth About Drug Companies , by Marcia Angell, M.D., formerly an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. Reforming the current system would be difficult, no doubt. And perhaps it's unworkable. Big pharma also owns academia. Much of the peer-reviewed literature for many drugs has been ghostwritten by industry-funded consultants. Sometimes the authors don't even read their manuscripts, and in some cases haven't been informed of them. Some journals have been addressing this, but it's pervasive. In any case, the current system isn't working. Incentives for fraud far outweigh those for improving public health. And there is virtually no accountability. Biological availability is a key issue. Having the right molecule is pointless if it's not absorbed as efficiently. Conversely, more-efficient absorption could be dangerous. It's an especially critical issue for extended-release forms. Yes, not that long ago, it was not uncommon for sugar to be adulterated with lead acetate. Spiking alcoholic beverages with methanol is still all too common. It depends on the user's risk/benefit model. There are WebKit-based browsers far lighter and faster than Firefox. Chrome, Firefox in Linux, and the Tor browser provide better security. Isolating browsers in separate VMs or Qubes AppVMs provides even better security. Didn't military funding accelerate US tech development? We can have as many pseudonyms as we need, and can transfer Bitcoins among them via mixing services. No pseudonym need make more than one purchase. It's the difficulty of anonymous postal delivery that's limiting. I agree, except for "now". That's clear from Bamford's books. For example, federal charges against the Weather Underground Organization were dropped in late 1973 after a screwup in parallel construction. In 1973, hardly any civilians had ever heard of the NSA (aka "No Such Agency") and they wanted to keep it that way. Perhaps more charitably, it will take them a very long time to parse it. It's too bad that they can't responsibly crowdsource the work. Yes, it is. From a text box in the article: Did this mean that CRISPR meets the requirements for Lamarckian inheritance? “In my humble opinion, it does,” said Koonin. Conspiracy theories aside, couldn't the NSA just draft Google? Because the strings that are said to quiver at the core of elementary particles are too small to detect — probably ever — the theory cannot be experimentally confirmed. Nor can it be disproven: Almost any observed feature of the universe jibes with the strings’ endless repertoire of tunes. In that case, it's not science. At most, mathematics. I define science as Popper did. And based on my understanding of Gödel's and Kuhn's work, I distrust mathematical physics and cosmology. Developing clever hypotheses is a great thing, but data rules. It's true that no hypothesis can ever be confirmed or disproved. At best, we can estimate the probability that some hypothesis is wrong aka inconsistent with our observations. Postal delivery of physical goods is problematic, and anonymous payment is pointless. But that's not an issue for software licenses, ebooks, server and VPS rental, VPN subscriptions, consulting services, and so on. Yes, but "money laundering" is a loaded term. There is nothing dishonorable about foiling meddlers and thieves. More broadly, the point is creating safe space for learning and development. It's harder to develop new ways of being in an environment that reinforces the old ones. This is the key point. Tomasetti and Vogelstein (2015) arguably demonstrated that most types of cancer are primarily stochastic. But it's the primarily deterministic types of cancer that account for most morbidity and mortality. Also relevant is Woit's essay "Towards a Grand Unified Theory of Mathematics and Physics" [ http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/mathphys.pdf ]. Reading that, I can imagine that there might be statements in physics that are mathematically provable, but not experimentally testable. However, in his opinion, this clearly isn't one of them. From what you say, it's totally understandable that you would at times feel anxious and depressed. There's nothing wrong with that. It's normal. However, there's a risk of getting stuck in a downward spiral. At some unpredictable point, you might find yourself in an upward spiral. But that can't happen if you commit suicide. They also have chat: http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineCha... But it's limited to US IPs. Using Tor browser, you can specify US exits. See https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/4732/google-play-sto... You put the configuration options in ./Data/Tor/torrc-defaults. See https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/1065/what-happened-t... The NSA's Trojanized HDD firmware is indeed “an astonishing technical accomplishment”. But I'm wondering whether their firmware reprogramming modules are especially capable, or are merely customized to add requisite APIs. Maybe Kaspersky will release them. Or not. In particular, I'm wondering whether host machines' HDDs can be flashed from VMs. And further, which hypervisors and emulators are least vulnerable in that way. Because it's a passive-aggressive comment that translates to something like "Who would care, except for those who want the terrists to win?" ;) Government and industry have betrayed the Internet, and us. By subverting the Internet at every level to make it a vast, multi-layered and robust surveillance platform, the NSA has undermined a fundamental social contract. The companies that build and manage our Internet infrastructure, the companies that create and sell us our hardware and software, or the companies that host our data: we can no longer trust them to be ethical Internet stewards. This is not the Internet the world needs, or the Internet its creators envisioned. We need to take it back. And by we, I mean the engineering community. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/09/take_back_the... Modern workstations and servers implicitly trust hard disks to act as well-behaved block devices. This paper analyzes the catastrophic loss of security that occurs when hard disks are not trustworthy. First, we show that it is possible to compromise the firmware of a commercial off-the-shelf hard drive, by resorting only to public information and reverse engineering. Using such a compromised firmware, we present a stealth rootkit that replaces arbitrary blocks from the disk while they are written, providing a data replacement backdoor. Zaddach et al. (2014) Implementation and Implications of a Stealth Hard-Drive Backdoor http://www.s3.eurecom.fr/docs/acsac13_zaddach.pdf I believe that prudent compartmentalization is the best way to control tracking and reclaim privacy. Each compartment comprises interests, relationships and activities that you want observers to track and interrelate. For compartments where privacy is essential, it's best to use pseudonyms, and to avoid cross-linking with public compartments. Compartments are isolated in VMs, with separate network connectivity using nested chains of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. Particularly sensitive compartments are isolated in separate computers. It's prudent to avoid cross-compartment sharing of USB drives. OK, GPG is crufty and hard to use, and the email protocol exposes metadata. So perhaps it is best to start fresh. What do you think of the Dark Mail effort? And of Pond? I don't see any way to protect users against forgetting their encryption passphrase, or losing their private key, without offloading trust somewhere. Except for backups, anyway. It can be very hard to know whether you have the right public key, especially for people that you know only from online activity. And it's not uncommon to find multiple unrevoked keys, with the same email address. But check out https://keybase.io/mirimir . You can easily get a GnuPG key that signed proofs in my profile here, on GitHub, and on reddit. Also, the email address in my key is linked to a Gravatar that StackExchange and other sites use. So whoever I am, you can be confident that I control that GnuPG key. Why couldn't someone buy the thing, and then rent it to other hobbyists? Or perhaps a serial resale network could develop. Eventually, I presume that Defense Distributed would release designs for the mill itself. Good work. And yes, another failed experiment. But there is another alternative, for hardcore enthusiasts. One can use Mixmaster nyms via Tor, using nymserver and newsserver hidden services. I also find it easier to concentrate under dim indirect light, supplemented with LED task lighting for reading paper and playing with hardware. If you're stuck in an office, perhaps you can convince management to save energy on lighting and HVAC. Some of those developing AI technologies will undoubtedly want to supplement their own capabilities. Given that, there will arguably never be computers that are "smarter" than at least some humans. So this seems rather like a non-question, except to the extent that such enhanced humans would themselves pose a risk to humanity at large. Also, if and when strong AI develops, only such enhanced humans will remain players. Unenhanced humans will at best be pets. This is O. B. Hardison's thesis in Disappearing Through the Skylight: Culture and Technology in the Twentieth Century " rel="nofollow">http://www.amazon.com/Disappearing-Through-Skylight-Technolo... . I'd say "ironic". The author writes as a loser would. That is an incredibly moving story, and it's wonderful how well it turned out. But the author acted irresponsibly. As soon as he realized that his friend was dissociating, in the taxi, he should have called 911/999/whatever and informed the driver of the situation. If this had been a stroke or heart attack, that would have been the obvious move. Why not for dissociation? The situation could have gone to hell, and one or both of them could have been injured or killed. Given that risk, his friend's "instructions" were plainly unworkable. If she had run in front of a car and been killed, for example, her estate might have come after him. If she doesn't want the authorities to be involved, he would need at least a medical power of attorney. And even that would not not protect him from police responding to an apparent abduction. The only strategy to prevent that is to involve them from the start. For context, I recommend http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2014/11/wahhabism-... I recommended it because it seems to cover the history well. It also seems to have less of an agenda than either " rel="nofollow">http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/02/what-isi... or the Intercept's counter " rel="nofollow">https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/02/20/atlantic-defin... . What's modern about ISIS, she argues, is mass killing. And then there's the GTA vibe, and the glamorization of mass killing. But destruction of idols is hardly unique. I do fear that the Wahhabis have gamed the Infidels well. They used their petrodollars to proselytize the ummah. Then they incited fear and loathing through terrorist attacks. They sucked the Neocons into invading Iraq, and creating the chaos needed for expansion. Time will tell. No reasonable person would forgo a smartphone. And indeed, doing so would be abnormal, and so bad OPSEC. What's crucial, I think, is being present at all times to the fact of total surveillance. Given that, we can choose sometimes to put the smartphone in a sound-proof Faraday bag. Or use a VPN and/or Tor. Or whatever is appropriate to the context. Going for an interview over lunch? See https://www.wilderssecurity.com/threads/list-of-the-best-enc... Yes, it's a self-signed cert. But hey, can we really trust cert authorities? Other than that, SSL Labs gives it an A rating " rel="nofollow">https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=wilderssecuri... . I wouldn't know about Chrome. Don't trust it ;) Percussion cap revolvers are very prone to dangerous cross firing in the cylinder. Mr. Colt should have emphasized that. The thing about photo-realism is that paintings can be more realistic than unmodified photographs. They trick the visual system. But now there's probably an app for it. Maybe ad blockers should emulate downloading and displaying ads, perhaps via proxy servers to minimize throughput. That would protect content creators, no? As "AdblockingAndMorality" notes, ads are also potentially dangerous content. Let's say that you're a small business, and CryptoLocker nukes everything, including your backups. Would the content provider be liable? How about the ad distributor? Why shouldn't they, if you've been given no opportunity to opt out? That's why I never knowingly view ads. "Accessing the APIs to retrieve content through an entirely alternate program, unfortunately, has been deemed circumvention and the site would have a case against anyone who tried it." Do you have a cite for that? Getting from those cases to circumventing adblockers seems quite a stretch. What do you mean by "entirely alternate program"? Curl vs wget vs Firefox? Spidey is an Android-based stingray (IMSI catcher) detector that uses machine learning to detect the presence of stingray devices which can be used to eavesdrop on cellular communication. http://signup.spideyapp.com/ Also see http://codesign.mit.edu/category/macluguardian-project/ The discovery of hypervelocity stars (HVS) leaving our galaxy with speeds of nearly $10^{3}$ km s$^{-1}$ has provided strong evidence towards the existence of a massive compact object at the galaxy's center. HVS ejected via the disruption of stellar binaries can occasionally yield a star with $v_{\infty} \lesssim 10^4$ km s$^{-1}$, here we show that this mechanism can be extended to massive black hole (MBH) mergers, where the secondary star is replaced by a MBH with mass $M_2 \gtrsim 10^5 M_{\odot}$. We find that stars that are originally bound to the secondary MBH are frequently ejected with $v_{\infty} > 10^4$ km s$^{-1}$, and occasionally with velocities $\sim 10^5$ km s$^{-1}$ (one third the speed of light), for this reason we refer to stars ejected from these systems as "semi-relativistic" hypervelocity stars (SHS). http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.5022 There could also be hypervelocity planets, right? Catching up to them would be hard, though. Yes, that's a good point about density. If you could catch one, your itinerant colony would have resources at speed for interstellar travel. You'd only need to accelerate a relatively small ship. And those resources would include mass for decelerating your ship at destination. But you couldn't stop for very long, without losing your ride. Isn't that "So hey, how was your day?"? ;) No. "Itaque" means "and so". "Ita" means "so", and "que" means "and". And so it goes ;) They already know that we're here. That may not be good. This is wonderful news. Information (including Tor onion services) wants to be freely findable ;) Obscurity should never be the major aspect of OPSEC. Even with the sorry state of Tor onion services, sites can authenticate users at both network level, using the "stealth" authorization protocol, and application level. Of course, prudent users will use end-to-end encryption for sensitive information. And they'll consider carefully before sharing. All of the "hidden markets", by the way, are little more than honeypots in waiting, enticing customers to pwn themselves. Edit: See Roger Dingledine's reply in the "Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex" thread on tor-talk " rel="nofollow">https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-talk/2015-April/0... . I didn't find the article very insightful, because it lumps all "books" together. I haven't read a technical book in several years, because it's so much easier to find what I want online. But I read nonfiction whenever I have the time, or want to decompress. I have no problem switching between hyper-multitasking and deep focus. Perhaps the author never fully learned that. I wonder if it's age-related. Or maybe I'm the odd one: ADHD/bipolar with hard-won focusing skills ;) > For this reason, and ​others listed on the Tor Project website, operators are strongly advised to only run their exits remotely, by renting out server space. Better yet, do that anonymously. Always work via Tor. Use a false identity. Pay with well-mixed Bitcoins. Observe good OPSEC. If your OPSEC is adequate, they won't know where to come knocking. That's a great ideal, and I wish them success. I'm more pragmatic. Raids are life-changing experiences, even if nobody gets killed, or ends up in prison. And where I live, freedom to legally run Tor exit nodes is limited, with poor prospects of increasing. I am not recommending the use of compromised servers. I'm recommending anonymous leasing from legitimate providers, which are located in jurisdictions that are unlikely to freely cooperate with your home jurisdiction. Ideally you run Tor-ramdisk, and store the node's credentials in another anonymous server, so there are no logs. This is rather like preemptively not talking to police except through your attorney. I trust that Tor browser will revert this for hidden services. Best practice here is using a WiFi-only device with a separate cell modem. So you have hardware baseband isolation. See " rel="nofollow">https://blog.torproject.org/blog/mission-impossible-hardenin... . See " rel="nofollow">https://www.paraben.com/stronghold-bags.html> . > Paraben's StrongHold bags block out wireless signals from cell towers, wireless networks, and other signal sources to protect evidence. Works both ways :) Thanks. Didn't check. Will from now on. The <> format has worked before for me here. ??? That's true. But at least it's legal to spoof MAC. It seems that the author loves Caltech, give how the table of four-year schools is sorted. It's sorted only by mid-career earnings, and not at all by occupational earnings power (or loan repayment rate). With secondary sorting by occupational earnings power, Clarkson University and MIT would be second and third, respectively, and very close. Just sayin'. There's one simple fact that can save patients real money: network providers generally can't go after patients for fees that aren't covered by insurers. Forgoing that right is typically part of their deals with insurers. They often go ahead and bill patients anyway. But they back off when challenged, saying that they billed in error. I was specifically referring to stuff that's covered, and where the provider bills the patient for it's cash-price fee, less what the insurer paid. Network providers generally can't do that. But out-of-network providers certainly can, and those fees can be huge. In your case, I'm guessing that your insurance doesn't cover outpatient services (or perhaps just imaging) at hospitals. Even if the hospital is in network. If that's the case, make sure to have that stuff done at stand-alone clinics, where it should be covered. I respect the skill behind the IP-specific text. But the approach, albeit clever, produced a less useful article. Comparing multiple regions requires knowing the names of relevant counties. Websites always know your IP address. Some forums show you when you post. But mostly they don't let on. Right :) Or Tor. That's a good point, which didn't occur to me. Better yet is to use multiple VPN services in nested chains, jumping among non-cooperating jurisdictions. It's easy to do, using pfSense VMs as VPN gateways. Some advice about cellphone OPSEC seems appropriate. Protesters, or at least key organizers, need to be running apps to detect and block IMSI catchers. And everyone not using them needs to put their phones in Faraday bags. I don't use smartphones, and so don't know what works best. Searching on "detect IMSI catcher" yields hits for Android, but I see no apps for iOS. AIMSICD looks like a good app. Maybe someone who knows this stuff well can recommend one. It's easy to make Faraday bags from aluminum foil.[0] To test, you just put the phone in the bag, and call it. If it rings, there are leaks. It's important to turn the phone off before putting it in the Faraday bag. That will prevent rapid battery discharge through high-power attempts to reach towers. The hardest aspect is getting good electrical contact on all seams, including the access flap. The maximum dimension of any hole in the bag must be small, less than 1-2 cm. A gap at the seam that's 1-2 cm long, even if it's very narrow, will leak (re-radiate) a lot. The other thing to keep in mind is that aluminum foil gets brittle with bending, and will crack. So you need multiple layers, and the layers must be in electrical contact. Narrow strips of double-stick tape between layers are OK to provide structural stability. But it's a trade-off. [0] http://www.instructables.com/id/RFID-Secure-Wallet Turning phones "off" may not in fact turn everything off. Even removing batteries may not accomplish that, because there may be backup batteries. At least the baseband radio may remain active. It may be possible to geolocate, and to access the microphone and camera. I say "may" so much because it varies among devices. Here's How Others Can Easily Snoop On Your Cell Phone[0] My phone at your service [1] [0] http://www.forbes.com/sites/adamtanner/2014/02/18/heres-how-... [1] https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/blogs/techftc/2014/02/my-pho... Liberalization of international investment and trade since WWII have been justified in part to promote peace through economic connection. While the article focuses on human rights and social justice, liberalization of global immigration would arguably have the same impact. There's another issue that makes open global immigration more attractive to wealthy nations. Free investment and trade move jobs to nations with competent workers who demand less pay, leaving behind industrial decline and unemployment. Open global immigration would ameliorate that. This seems like a solution for a problem that mostly doesn't exist anymore. I rarely encounter sites that require registration merely for reading. Many newspaper sites used to do that, but now they're mostly open, or paywalled. On sites where I post or buy stuff, why would I want shared accounts? Maybe I can see it for software support sites. But even there, account reputation can be important. Fair enough. Maybe some examples would help me understand. I do get that registration can be a pain. But what I'd want wouldn't be a skeleton key, but rather a personal master key. Logins using Facebook and Google have become common. But, being a privacy geek, I don't have accounts. And I definitely don't do cellphone authentication, because that is nontrivial to anonymize. However, I would want two-factor authentication. That's the tough problem, I think. Very cool! I've often wondered about that. Many of the craters do seem polygonal. But see http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/3-540-27548-7_5 If they accepted Bitcoins, I would have paid some USD. But mirimir has no credit cards. You're right! I must have missed it. I was expecting maybe some new revelation about the NSA ;) "The DEA" didn't steal Joseph Rivers' life savings. Some particular DEA agents did. And the theft was OKed by various other federal employees, who knew (or should have known) that he was entirely innocent. Two things come to mind. We can compensate Joseph for his loss through his gofundme campaign.[0] But we can also start naming the thieves. One of the accomplices is reportedly "Sean [R.] Waite, agent-in-charge of the DEA’s Albuquerque office".[1] Who are the rest? [0] http://www.gofundme.com/u6e2mwc [1] http://www.freeabq.com/?p=1791 What externality about 3D printing did you have in mind? Sorry about going off-topic. He bragged about his hacking skills to the FBI? Really? But maybe they asked him point blank if he had ever pwned a real plane in flight. And he didn't didn't want to risk lying to an FBI agent. Tough call. > [Martin Ford's] solution is blindingly obvious: As both conservatives and liberals have proposed over the years, we need to institute a guaranteed annual minimum income, which he suggests should be set at $10,000 a year. This is probably not enough, ... $10,000 per person per year might not seem like much in the US. However, average minimal living costs will gradually equalize globally, as low-cost machine labor becomes ubiquitous. > ... and of course no amount of money can compensate for the loss of meaningful engagement. I don't get that. Neither the "work or starve" nor "work is holy" ethics have ever appealed to me. I like to play. While I've managed to get paid for it, I'm not convinced that it's essential. If I had taken the academic path, it would have been less relevant. I'm also inspired by post-Singularity fiction, most recently 'Diaspora' by Greg Egan. I don't recall that the concept of "money" occurs in the book. Right, but that helped to justify the warrant. Even if he's never charged, he's lost a bunch of gear. Even if he gets it back, it will not be trustable. And any plaintext information therein may hurt him. > But this new arrangement had the backing of President Eisenhower, who was especially interested in seeing the system built, partly so it could be used for troop movements and mass evacuations in the event of a nuclear attack. I've read that US interstates were designed to accomodate mobile ICBM launchers. That was the pre-silo plan, as I recall. Does anyone else recall that? There's also Paulo Soleri. In his plan for the Newark Airport, he proposed to house the entire population of New Jersey. The runways would have been on the roof. I was thinking that average minimal living costs will decrease in the US and other economically well-off countries. Elsewhere, I was thinking that average minimal standard of living would increase, but that cost increases would be offset by inexpensive machine labor. Alternatively, they could be more-or-less ignored as they are now, except when killing is necessary. Some people may react as you say. But many people will choose augmentation, and will arguably be just as capable as non-meat machines. And they'll always (or at least, for a while) have innate capabilities that provide advantages of various sorts. From Bamford's books, I get that the NSA does not consider itself to be bound by the Constitution, US law, etc. As a military organization, it is subject only to the authority of the President. And I gather that it fudges on even that, through a Byzantine maze of need-to-know restrictions. So yes, there are no rules. That is an incredibly inspiring share! Thank you, OP. The NSA is part of the Department of Defense. Its Director is Admiral Michael S. Rogers, US Navy. The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) is James R. Clapper, who served as a General in the US Air Force. I believe that NSA Directors are necessarily active military, while DNIs are necessarily retired. I concur with venomsnake that "The difference between theory in practice is greater in practice than in theory." Congress has arguably had no meaningful oversight over the NSA since the 50s. Eisenhower warned us. He wasn't just talking about defense contractors. One might say that the US has been pwned by military hackers. I highly recommend Bamford's books. I was a member, bought back my soul, and had a hell.com email address for years. As aric said, it was a cabal of artists and designers, mostly using Flash. There were discussion boards, spaces to explore, and so on. The associated site http://www.cygne-noir.com/ is still up, but with just an image. There's probably a login somewhere, but you must know the URL. And http://final.org/ is for sale. But http://www.8081.com/home/ and http://www.medialounge.org/ are still there, and seem much as I recall. I saw http://www.gofundme.com/ in a recent thread. Also, OP could put a Bitcoin address in his profile. There must be an administration team that's anonymous and hidden, both publicly and to each other. Obviously, there must be a setup for sharing and managing trust. The team sees all organizational email, and they handle the warrant canary collectively. I found the piece very frustrating, because there's nothing about what drove him to alcoholism. I can't imagine that he was intentionally combining acetaminophen and alcohol to kill his liver. That's such a slow and painful way to die! As I read, I kept expecting to see something about physical pain that he was suffering. But on the other hand, I recall a recent article about acetaminophen effectively numbing affect. So maybe it does a better job of that, when combined with alcohol. Do not put your email address in your profile if you want to remain anonymous from your employer! If you have already shared other stuff that would identify you, it would be best to drop this now. Otherwise, get an anonymous email address to use here. Use Tor browser, and get an account with https://vfemail.net/ or https://www.safe-mail.net/ . Yes, automation.[0,1] We're approaching the knee in automation uptake. It can take decades to implement policies like this. Time flies. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9555295 [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9561068 Use https://search.disconnect.me/ . You can use Bing, DuckDuckgo, Google or Yahoo as the search engine. "We don’t collect any of your personal info, including your IP address, other than information you voluntarily provide." See https://disconnect.me/privacy . That's not enough, because the blockchain contains the transaction history. It is possible to anonymize Bitcoins via Tor. You would anonymously create many wallets, and transfer through mixing services. Then, using https://blockchain.info/ , you would check for taint among your adddresses. However, that would not be so easy for hundreds or thousands of Bitcoins. It's hard for a snake to discreetly swallow a pig. Numerous wallets and small transactions would be prudent. But the process could probably be automated. Search "receive sms online" :) Ed: And use the Tor browser. The author explains that in http://meaningness.com/meaningness-history which is poorly flagged. Examples: hippy, death metal, Twitter, etc. Edit: http://meaningness.com/modes-chart is also worth pondering. It is a rather abstract and nebulous article. Put more positively, it encourages introspection and contemplation. In any case, "geeks who are slightly evil" seems appropriate here :) What's the point of doing all of this in order to use desktop HDDs in servers? Why not just use WD RE4s? Not really. 1 TB RE3: 48 USD[0] 1 TB RE4: 53 USD[1] 1 TB Green: 52 USD[2] That's the cool thing about the RE line. [0] http://www.amazon.com/Western-Digital-Cache-Enterprise-Drive... [1] http://www.amazon.com/RE4-Enterprise-Hard-Drive-WD1003FBYX/d... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Green-1TB-Desktop-Hard-Drive/dp/B006GD... This is of course a serious problem. But I'm surprised that there's no mention of end-to-end encryption as a defense against misrouting. Right, "mitigate" is what I ought to have written. And yes, HTTPS is rather a joke. But what about properly implemented SSH, IPSec or OpenVPN? The security model is broken, just like BGP's is. Root CAs plainly can't be trusted. It's not just that they'll cooperate with governments. See "Security Collapse in the HTTPS Market".[0] [0] http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2673311 Each pseudonym needs its own GnuPG key. And there can't be any overlap in usage, signatures, etc. Just sayin'. That's not necessary. Also, lack of emissions would attract attention, and so be counterproductive. But using shielded equipment in a shielded room, that would be prudent for private work. Mumble is an amazing VoIP app! It uses TCP for control, and UDP for data. There's a training wizard, and cellphone-like sound quality is possible, even with limited bandwidth and high latency. Even, in my experience, via OpenVPN via Tor. Latency was 1-2 seconds, but sound was clear, with no clipping. Can one buy Apple products for cash, without supplying any personal information or identication? Edit: This is a prerequisite for meaningful privacy. Plus having a pseudonymous account, funded by Bitcoins, for buying apps and stuff. Otherwise it's all based on trusting Apple, and so there's a single point of failure. Can one setup a pseudonymous Apple account, funded via Bitcoins? I'd want an Apple account so that I can buy stuff. Maybe I could get by with open-source apps, but that would be a pain. Even if I take Tim Cook's speech at face value, there's the catch that Apple knows who I am. If Apple really wanted to make a point about being privacy-friendly, they would allow account creation via Tor, and accept Bitcoins. Yes, indeed. For humans, it's somewhat just a change in developmental timing. As we age, we start looking more like adult chimpanzees/bonobos. Buying gift cards for cash is too insecure. But I do see https://giftoff.com/gift-cards/apple-store for buying Apple Store gift cards with Bitcoins. I'll give it a go. Edit: It seems legitimate: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=970780.0 One can easily use VPN services and Tor to anonymize IP address. And one can easily anonymize Bitcoins using various mixing services via Tor. But in buying gift cards with cash, there is in-store video. There's also cellphone tracking, for those who are careless. You may be right about open-source software being sufficient on Apple gear. But I wouldn't want to go through the hassle of buying gear anonymously, and then discover that I need something via Apple. I'm sure that I represent a small market. But it's arguably a market that Apple must serve well for Tim Cook's claims about privacy to be credible. There are escrow systems for that. They're not widely implemented, but that can change. But instruction is all in German, right? That requires some planning ahead. Edit: Wow, I missed that. Very cool! For those who are curious about what China is telling the Chinese about America etc, some VPN services have Chinese exits. One can also lease Chinese VPS. And usable translation is possible with https://translate.google.com/ plus the Perapera Chinese popup dictionary plug-in for Firefox. Mostly I found that it's feasible, both technically and linguistically. And generally, I found that US and other Western media seem to honestly report public matters in China. But there is potential for bias. VPN exits and VPS are arguably hosted in facilities that serve foreigners. So perhaps their access to domestic Chinese sites is censored. The Apple Store is extremely Tor-friendly, I find. There are no CAPTCHAs. In creating Apple IDs, there are no requests for personal information. Gift cards purchased with Bitcoins are recognized. I am gobsmacked! Maybe Apple is actually walking its privacy talk. However, using ever-changing Tor exit IPs does trigger account locks, which require password reset. But that's arguably a feature, and not a bug. What about American "terrorists" who organized in secret to fight for independence from the British? Yes, of course ;) But seriously, let's say that I'm being blackmailed, and that it's about something that's either not illegal, or where statute of limitations has run out. Can't I just talk to my lawyer, and work out a payment system that doesn't flag me for money laundering? Right. For example, late Senator Strom Thurmond discreetly supported his illegitimate daughter Essie Mae.[0] Her mother was only 16 years old when impregnated. I am not even implying that blackmail was involved, by the way. [0] http://www.cbsnews.com/news/essie-mae-on-strom-thurmond/ I'm not sure how using Bitcoins would have helped. He could have easily purchased Bitcoins. But using them to anonymously pay his blackmailer(s) would have been nontrivial. Even if he had known how, or had advice from someone who did, I suspect that he'd have been pushing the limits of most mixing services. Also, the US classifies Bitcoins as capital investments. And so he would have had to report gains and losses in his income tax returns. For nostalgia, sometimes 4.4.4.4 ;) Edit: Make that 4.2.2.2 (it's been a while). I don't think so. Consider that I want to discreetly give someone $80K. If I withdraw $80K, the bank must report that. But if I withdraw 10x $8K, I'm arguably structuring to avoid reporting. So let's say that I want to buy $80K of Bitcoins. If I do that in one $80K transfer, the bank must report that. And with 10x $8K, I'm still structuring. And either way, in that year's tax return, I'll need to report capital gains and losses on the $80K of Bitcoins. I'm not very familiar with US tax law. But the key point, I think, is that once I have that $80K Bitcoin asset, the reporting requirements for it will be comparable to those for $80K in my bank. Bitcoin only helps if I can buy those Bitcoins without reporting. So I'm in the same situation as accumulating cash to send via DHL or whatever. Are you sure about that? At least some NSA efforts are buried deeply in need-to-know mazes. How can POTUS tell NSA to stop what he has no way of knowing about? And how would he know whether they had stopped? People are complicated, and are at least somewhat irrational. So polling is hard, and is prone to bias and manipulation. But two observations are solid. First, most people are entirely clueless about technical matters. Second, most people believe that meaningful privacy is either impossible or unworkably complicated. I recall discussion from the mid 90s, as ad-funded commercialization of the Internet accelerated, about impact on privacy. I'm not arguing that there was much privacy in the early Internet. But privacy was another available path. Now there's meaningful privacy only on the alleys and back roads of the Internet. I don't have any answers. But I do know that meaningful privacy is incompatible with the current ad-funded Internet. Maybe there's a workable way to deindividualize tracking data. Maybe anonymous blockchain nanopayments would work as an alternative. Google ought to take the lead on this, I think. Maybe so. Maybe Internet advertising developed with tracking simply because tracking was so easy, and wasn't not prohibited. So there's strong selection for accurate tracking. But that doesn't say that privacy-friendly advertising is impossible. I do get that it's naive to ask Google etc to take the lead. They're just doing what's rational in the current regulatory environment. But who can create Internet-wide incentives? ... and wasn't prohibited ... Poe's law: "[W]ithout a clear indicator of the author's intent, parodies of extremism are indistinguishable from sincere expressions of extremism."[0] [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law More or less, computers were developed by governments for designing nuclear weapons, processing and decrypting intercepts, and so on. The PC revolution did foster decentralization, but it was an accident. They're correcting. The half-life of Tritium is 12.3 years. So as long as substantially everything with longer half-life has been removed, storage for a century or so would suffice. Maybe put it in a bunch of large bags and tow it to Antarctica. But you'd need to avoid the bits that are already collapsing. Hyman Rickover designed a very clever reactor for nuclear subs. But scaling it up 100x was naive at best. So was doing that with the graphite core design. Maybe there are inherently safe designs. They're going to run out of room for tanks. And there must be access, because the tanks are going to rust out, and will need replaced. So storing the Tritium-contaminated water for a century or so is nontrivial. From an ISU site, I get that natural tritium production is ~4E6 Ci (~1.5E17 Bq) per year (from cosmic rays) and that the global steady-state inventory is ~7E7 Ci (~2.7E18 Bq).[0] From the Nautilus article, I get that there is now ~6E5 Mg contaminated water, containing 1E6-5E6 Bq tritium per liter. The overall range is ~6E14 Bq to 3E15 Bq, or between ~0.4% and ~2% of annual natural production. So yes, it's not such a big deal. But now I'm curious about the magnitude of other anthropogenic sources. [0] http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/tritium.htm Outsiders have no clue about Israel's role in the Equation Group. Or who the Equation Group actually serves, for that matter. Yes, once malware has been found, it can be reverse-engineered and reused. Also, I recall reading that the NSA relied in part on independent consultants in developing Stuxnet etc. Maybe some of those consultants have other pseudonyms, and other clients. So we have malware proliferation. And it's far worse than, for example, nuclear proliferation. Because it's all just bits. > Intel Security has released the McAfee Labs Threats Report: May 2015. For the first time ever, we explore attacks on firmware. ... Persistent and virtually undetectable attacks by the Equation Group that reprogram hard disk drives and solid state drive firmware. http://www.mcafee.com/us/security-awareness/articles/mcafee-... I wonder if this was part of the attack on Kaspersky. Intel Security just reported that "[p]ersistent and virtually undetectable attacks by the Equation Group that reprogram hard disk drives and solid state drive firmware."[0,1] It's interesting that this threat was first reported by Kaspersky in February.[2] The firmware exploits are part of the attack system with Duqu 2.0, right? [0] http://www.mcafee.com/us/security-awareness/articles/mcafee-... [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9685829 [2] http://www.kaspersky.com/about/news/virus/2015/equation-grou... Kaspersky's technical paper on Duqu 2.0,[0] begins with: "The initial attack against Kaspersky Lab began with the targeting of an employee in one of our smaller APAC offices." It notes that the next step was compromising other machines on LAN. But they only discuss Windows, and don't even mention OSX, BSD, Linux, etc. I'm wondering how lateral movement to non-Windows machines would have been accomplished. [0] https://securelist.com/files/2015/06/The_Mystery_of_Duqu_2_0... This is off-topic, but bitlaunder.com is arguably a poor choice for Bitcoin mixing, given that it does business in the US. Far better is Bitcoin Fog at foggeddriztrcar2.onion, because coercing them will be harder. Sorry, my mistake. Perhaps I was just spreading gossip. But do see http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/25722/bitlaunders... What about the pump-n-dump that someone was running during 2013 and mid 2014? Was that Mt Gox or someone who had pwned it? The article doesn't even mention the issue. Equation Group very clearly includes the NSA. But how do we really know what the NSA is? Given the maze of secrecy, does anyone at the NSA even know what the NSA is, in any comprehensive sense? Or who it serves?