Read about Hershey and Edison :) Taking a break is a really good idea. Not a long one, but something that makes you clear your head, focus on your body and your health, and starting missing creating cool stuff. If your mind's constantly occupied with day-to-day concerns, you can be overwhelmed and it's hard to regain focus. If you can afford it, change your scenery a bit and go hiking or get away to a beach for a week, 'til you get bored of it. What is your goal in making a startup? If you can get a continual sense of reward from accomplishing these things, that'll keep you going :) I wrote a framework and I am still using it, because it's more flexible and easier for me to extend than the other ones. That said, I think it was a waste of time from a business perspective. When you want to build a project, take something open source, rock-solid with a community behind it. You can focus on building your project and not fixing bugs in the underlying layer. Before writing my framework, I had written another one and learned a lot. The second time around, I've made something really powerful and cool, and it really helps me. But it's still not as thoroughly unit-tested and consistent as the ones built by a community. I'm just one guy. By the way, in cae you want to see it: http://code.google.com/p/pal-framework/ :) It's open source. Well I don't know but to be honest I would have demoed something I hacked for http://youmixer.com , the site I'm currently working on, rather than staying up and making http://want2know.org completely from scratch :) I think Amazon Turk could be better used for beta testing and early testing of word-of-mouth. First, ask some people to register on your site and then track what they do. Then, have them fill out a feedback form and tell you what they would have you improve. One iteration would cost you around $20. And if you do it once every 2 weeks or so, you can keep in touch with what your users actually want. Thanks for the feedback, but are you looking at the right framework? I am hard pressed to imagine how you could encounter either 1) or 2) in it, let alone both in a single file. As for your question, PIE is designed to let you write any adapters you want. For example it currently supports only MySQL, but you are free to add support for e.g. Postgres, SQLite or even NoSQL databases. I'm just a bit surprised by your comments because they describe the exact opposite of how most of PIE is designed, and the philosophy behind it. Although I take your point with mixed variable naming. There is lots of room for standardizing the internal codebase more than it is. Yeah, that's a good point. The site doesn't really sell the framework. Until now I haven't really devoted a lot of time to evangelizing it or anything. Beyond open sourcing it, I didn't really put in the time to grow a community around it. What I wrote here is more of an early notice to the hackers out there who are interested in developing kick-ass applications in PHP. If you ask me -- and I've gone through a lot of frameworks -- this is definitely designed to help you achieve that with a minimum of fuss and a lot of power. I finished the documentation, but the sales job needs a lot more work. If anyone wants to contribute their time and energy to helping me grow this open source project, I'd much appreciate it. You would definitely have a huge role in the framework community if you did that. At the moment, though, I am more focused on my startup, and bringing developers on board to help with it. The documentation is there to help get them up to speed. I think you mean "extract", not "explode". And no, it's not icky. It's a very nice construct by PHP, to avoid having to write: array ('foo' => $foo, 'bar' => $bar, ...) and just write compact('foo', 'bar') what's wrong with that? :) About the event system: Thanks man, I put a lot of effort into it. It's way faster than the drupal system, and also more extensible. Yeah I should put something there. I haven't thought of a single killer reason, except "it's faster, more powerful, takes advantage of PHP's unique strengths and encourages clean web programming" Thanks, that's something I should fix. I don't think I'm using Javascript for anything other than the tabs + ajax. I'll convert them to regular anchors as a fallback. Right ... but I thought he said there were methods with > 600 lines of code, and files with multiple classes/interfaces all over the place. That's why I took issue with it. But yeah, the Pie class has all the core functions. The question is, how do you spell NoSQL? :) er s/spell/say That really depends on where you are and if you can offer specialized value to the company. Here in NYC I can comfortably charge my clients $80/hour ... but I do more than just PHP development. Wow, this is pretty awesome. What would people use it for, though? Now if only we had math notation in all the browsers! Well, there's always http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging which gives "perfect" forward secrecy Fixed, thanks. I've been following this project for a while - these guys are from my school :) Very awesome to see a bunch of undergrad guys come up with this project. I'm still amazed at the PR they got at the time. I'm also kind of working on my own thing ... http://myownstream.com If you set out to make a private social network, though, it's not that easy. Now, instead of trusting facebook, you'll have to trust ALL of your friends' hosting providers. For example, with diaspora, someone at mediatemple can in principle peek at the contact details you have synced with any of your friends. How is that any more secure? What this is, is decentralized. Which is still really cool! Their app is running on someone's hosted server. You can of course have complete security BETWEEN servers (as these guys say "PGP for you privacy nerds") but ... you still have to trust everyone's hosting company. A single hosting company hosting 1000 diaspora accounts can compromise details of 127,000 accounts, if each diaspora user has 127 friends on average. As far as setting up social networks on a server, there are plenty of those ... dolphin, elgg ... and they are quite good. If you want it to be decentralized nodes, you are stuck trusting everyone's hosting providers to not peek at the data you are sharing. Which imho is worse than trusting only facebook in terms of privacy. On the other hand in terms of everything else, decentralization is a huge WIN! Such as scaling and uptime. maybe they're streams that's what I felt as well ... diaspora usually happens when a people are kicked out of their land to roam the earth among other people. Not very positive as far as connotations go. But hey, let's see what they come up with. I'm working on that ;-) Man, applying to YC has got me addicted to this news site a bit :) Before, I used to dismiss it because I thought it flew by too fast. I remember passing by it a few times in the last couple years. If there was only an indicator of something psychologically reassuring for someone like me, I would have bookmarked it. This is the stuff I understand. Technology, web design, psychology of people online, etc. I notice that when I design a business plan, I think in terms of actual use cases from each participant, and why they would do each step. And if there's a missing piece somewhere then that's a red flag. I ask how it would spread virally, or how it would make enough money to spend on user acquisition. This is how I approach business, using what I know. But there's other stuff out there, SEO, guerilla marketing, PR, etc. and I completely avoid it in my designs because I don't know too much about it. That's why it's good to have a partner who can be involved with talking to PR people and marketing agencies and architecting real-world campaigns when the time is right. Whenever there was a problem, I tried to solve it myself using the tools that I know. All my business plans have been of this nature -- sites that are viral by design and get people to spend money by design. Not that it can't work spectacularly, but it's a one-sided, internet-centric approach. Okay first of all, I'm glad that a bunch of undergrads from my school were able to raise $200k, get a lot of press, and build something. This alone should get a community of people around the project fixing bugs, etc. I've always been saying that making a distributed social network is much easier than "solving" privacy and security for such a thing. First of all, try even defining what it means to privately share things with people on the internet. Then, realize that most solutions (such as diaspora) will actually EXACERBATE the privacy problem, by making you trust the hosting services of all your friends instead of just facebook. That said, after diaspora was announced it made me think about whether it's possible to ensure privacy in principle. Meaning, is it possible to only trust YOUR hosting company and friends, and cut out every other middleman from being able to snoop your data? I came up with something which I think would be very useful, and I actually submitted a provisional patent for the technology, which basically enables distributed AND private social networking using just today's web browsers. If you want to check it out or get involved, see http://myownstream.com . This is an open-source offshoot of a social network I'm building, which I hope to release next year. You can see the roadmap there, but so far it's been going really well :) how do you make that link clickable? I think they were talking about http://wordoid.com and http://domize.com Thanks. By the way, if you really are about privacy you can use https instead of http. That problem has been solved. What do you mean by "integrating"? You mean no one would actually host streams like they host websites? I don't know, these links don't work for me, even with xx replaced with tt. Nothing is happening. I created an isolated twitter account to try it, and nothing. I thought this would be a nice experiment. I use it for all my parties. It would go great with guitar hero though :) And yes the IE6 support could be better :P No, man. I was studying math at NYU. Now I do web development. It's just a coincidence that these guys are also from NYU. I'm working on a site to fix something like that. I don't want to reveal the name yet, but stay tuned :) Work something out with Rackspace. They will be happy to not report you to the credit bureaus. That leaves about $3k to pay to the lawyer. And maybe you can work something out with him too so he doesn't report you to a collection agency, which is probably a hassle for him anyway. I wonder what motivated a bill like this. Imagine if he can just shut down facebook or twitter :) searchyc? Nice! didn't know that. I'm going to delete this submission Hmm, update: apparently it's one of the ideas that won Google 10^100 http://www.project10tothe100.com/ideas.html Way to go, some people are on it :) Let's say I navigate to publisher.com If publisher.com has an iframe, img or other element with src coming from analytics.com, then (almost) all browsers will allow reading cookies from it. That is how e.g. commenting systems know who you are across domains. However, safari is the only browser that doesn't seem to allow WRITING to a domain other than the one you have navigated to, using any method. (Not even loading img tags.) I was wondering if there was a way around it. Someone said that doing a POST to an iframe used to work http://anantgarg.com/2010/02/18/cross-domain-cookies-in-safa... but now people are saying it doesn't anymore So google uses the cookies of the publisher's site, okay... but then what if the publisher has www.something.com, foo.something.com and something.com ... are all of these considered different domains? And if so, isn't it kind of unhelpful to the publisher, that you can't track a session across their various subdomains? Or is this intended? Aha, I see, I can set a cookie for *.domain.com (or .domain.com) and then it will also work for all subdomains. Yeah. I'm building analytics that let you track who invited whom, and you'll be able to actually use this to offer discounts. It's actually part of my site, which I can't really talk about yet :) But the analytics will be a spin-off, so if you can wait 2 weeks you will get it. gregory at gregory dotnet These kinds of stories are definitely cool to hear :) Maybe you can tell us more about what you did right, and what your business does! so far the furthest away one I've found is lice Dude, Total Finder owns ... except when Chrome downloads something and I click to open the finder window. Then it pops out in the middle of nowhere and no chrome around it. I have to click on the tab to get it back whereit belongs -- Fix that please! :) I don't want to say any more so as not to influence you ... just evaluate the site on its own merits. I mainly made this site for my own parties, but what if I wanted to make it popular? 1. What do you guys think is keeping people from actually creating music mixes and inviting their friends, like I do and a couple of my friends do? 2. What would you recommend I do to change that and actually make people use it? I'm just looking to learn and get feedback :) I like the color scheme. Just wanted to throw that out there. Also a nice marketplace ... the question will be how you execute it from now. So far you've got a nice press kit page. I would say your next problems are: 1. chicken & egg problem 2. how to contact PR people You should just focus on solving 1 and 2 before they start. The way to solve #1 is to let people sign up and be CONTACTED (push) when there is a match. Hey thanks for the feedback so far. I hope I get some more perspectives, also. I just wanted to address some of your questions... First of all, my primary goal was -- I just wanted to make a site where there would be a continuous party mix for my parties, that people could add to during the party, or even add songs before they come to the party, so everyone can hear the songs they love. what does it have that YouTube playlists don't? 1) continuous playing ... songs fade into each other if you just let it run 2) cut out non-music ... people who add a video can choose where it fades in and out 3) social contributions ... anyone can add their favorite songs to a mix 4) I kind of hoped that social contributions + people using the site would make it ALWAYS up to date, without constantly curating new and popular songs ... in 2011 it would be the best party mixes automatically, etc. the dark color scheme - mainly because videos usually require a dark background in order to look good when playing. Especially if you are going to put it on your big screen TV, which I do at my parties (my primary use case). why I picked youtube -- yeah, unlimited songs for free, and makes copyright not my problem since I am using YouTube's API along with thousands of other people. Muziik already made VEVO pull their videos, whatever's left is fair game Thanks man! It addressed my real-world problem at my parties so I figured it would help anyone who has a party. People kept wanting to add songs during the party. Now they can :) Now anyone can use it for their party. I think you're right, about partymix or crowdmix etc. Unfortunately they are all taken. Would you like to help me with this? I could use another pair of eyes on it. I've already built all the tech, now it's a matter of making it dead simple and social. BY THE WAY: If someone from HN thinks this site has potential and would like to come in and help me refactor it to the point where it's simple, popular and viral -- I'd be glad to make you a 50% owner of the project. Right now youmixer is pretty much just for me and my friends who "get it". I think the site is pretty close to being something everyone can "get", and I'd like to see this experiment through to the end. Let me know if you're interested -- http://magarshak.com/contact do you guys take logs of both sides, so you don't have to keep updating the scores of all the previously posted items? I mean, if all that matters is how big the scores are relative to one another, then A > B log A > log B (since A and B are positive). You'll just have to add a G*log(T+2) to the log(P) for new items, which can go on for a very long time. ... T is the time since some arbitrary point. I think I may have just reinvented the way reddit does it :P Well, you can fix (1) by simply incrementing T not by actual time but just be the total # of votes/submissions since the beginning. in fact, as someone else said if you then make T = the number of submissions / votes since the beginning, people would be able to post at midnight and it would still have a "fair" chance of being ranked along with the other articles posted at busier times. When I say a non-vote, though, I mean a real non-vote. Like, the person did not submit a vote. The total number of participants went up, but the rating stayed the same. If a non-vote was anything other than 0, this wouldn't work. Yeah, the expert sex change site has NEVER gotten me to sign up. There is one site though that has links to being able to chat with "a real lawyer", "a real doctor" etc. in realtime, and that is very tempting. Especially when their ad is exactly on an article where you need to find something out. What about that? I'd be happy if someone else was also interested in this feature and we could do this together. I'm new at hacking PHP internals. No, you can't. You may be thinking of call_user_func_array, but once again you can indexed array. The most you can do -- which is what I am doing now -- is use the design pattern: function stuff($required1, $required2, $options = array()) { } This pattern works really well, and makes the function interface endlessly extensible. If we implemented named parameters in PHP, it would turn every EXISTING function into such a pattern, which would make functions evolve nicely instead of becoming monstrosities with default parameters in an arbitrary order: stuff(1, 2, null, true, null, 0, array(), ' ') The fact is, it's often not the skills that get you noticed, but a unique stunt, like Atomic Tom on the train the other day, or what you did. Congrats. However, there is a way to get a lot of job offers. Just post your resume to the job boards and the employers WILL find you. Ether market yourself, or find someone who will. And definitely don't grovel! Til then, start your own business :) That's what you get when your WARNING screen looks exactly the same as a screen that a website or app can cause you to display. I have always wondered how the Mac OS password screen works (you know, the one where you are supposed to enter your system password). What if an app spoofs it? How would the user know the difference visually? It is unfortunate that copyright and patent protections exist in the form they do today. Not only is the span of copyright a complete joke (if things continue as they do now, nothing published after 1940 will ever enter the public domain) but the span of many (if not the majority) of patents is completely unreasonable given the pace of today's innovation. Example: software patents. For an industry that moves so quickly, the patent protection, which was once supposed to foster innovation by giving the inventor time to bring his invention to market without worrying about it being stolen, is now used mostly to stifle innovation by patent trolls who do not bring anything to market themselves, but just sit in wait so they can sue someone who does. The marketplace brings about authentic business models that may thrive within it when they make sense, but not forever. People have to move on and old industries must give way to new ones through the action of the market. Just as the luddites futilely tried to hold back progress during the industrial revolution, just as the printed newspapers are fighting to survive in a world increasingly dominated by democratized internet news, so too must the industries -- that once depended on copyright protection -- reinvent themselves. The record companies and publishers of the world must realize that with the new technology, the cost of publishing has gone down to pennies. And therefore, affording copyright protection or any other protection is something that may not be in the best interest of society anymore. Is this done to promote the creation of magnificent works of art (which otherwise presumably no one would undertake) or is it done to cater to the lobbying of a select few (e.g. Disney lobbying Congress to keep extending the copyright protection)? Why don't we draft an alternative proposal that fits the current times and let the people decide? I have nothing against government protections that make sense. But it seems to me that these days, such long-lived copyrights and patents are doing more harm than good. I just want to say this is an awesome post. I like it :) Well, if you'd like, check out http://youmixer.com and tell me what you would improve about it to make it viral. I'm working on another project right now, but I'm always curious how I could have made youmixer better. You can just reply on here if you want to keep your anonymity. Thanks for the feedback. I just wanted to correct you on one point: mixes have two settings: visible_to and editable_by. Only mixes that are editable by everyone fall into the category you describe. People can choose "self", "friends" or "everyone" for any mix. I think the problem is not the privacy, it's the complexity and lack of a good user flow... what was your experience going through it? Did you give up at a certain point? Was it kind of lame? I feel like I need to get a web designer and just re-design the experience. Why, is there a section where you can see all your upvotes? Oh, sorry ... you're the guy behind iconfinder :) In that case, great job! I thought you were just posting a good resource. Looks like a very useful site ... bookmarked it along with my other icon finding sites. Nice. How come "saved" isn't on my main navigation bar? Weird :) How'd you make a poll? Sorry if I'm being dense... I should correct myself: I'm not a big fan of the long terms of software patents. Judging from my particular situation as an inventor, I'd say I appreciate the protection. But I think it should expire in about a year or two, not 17 years. I personally will discuss things in the same spirit of information sharing, genuineness, common sense and helpfulness that I have before and after the karma change. I'm new to HN so I don't really even know how I'm supposed to feel about the feedback from the karma. A lot of my posts which I feel are good or important aren't receiving many points, but that's ok. If I really need something, I will ask a couple of my friends who are on HN to look at it and vote it up if they like it. Yeah, we have to build up an intuition as to how the new metrics are useful to us as commenters and a community... and in the short term I think most of us won't be affected by it at all. okay I got my first downvote. Maybe I care a little. Was this to see if I care about my karma? Okay Mr. Downvoter, tell me ... what was wrong in what I said? :) I'm hiring remote workers. But I use oDesk. I didn't understand the question. I was thinking it was a survey or something. Well, if anyone's interested, I'm always looking to connect with PHP developers and front-end people who are passionate about social applications :) Agreed. Still, I don't see why not to implement this, as it will enable me to claim my site is safer to use over wifi than other sites. Use the link at http://magarshak.com I'd like to meet the guy ;-) This is well timed, to be honest part of me wants to go there and bid just to ask Paul Graham why we didn't get into YCombinator. But, we are in NYC :) It should technically be 50,000,030 years old, from our frame of reference. If you were riding the photon, then basically time would stand completely still for you. But that is theoretically impossible... Oh sorry guys I was wrong. This is still synchronous. Here's an asynchronous way of calling N functions in a row: var callback = Pie.callback(3, function() { // do stuff }); // makes a function that counts down from 3 and when it reaches 0 calls that inner function async_thing(1, "foo", callback); some_other_async_thing(2, callback); third_thing(2, callback); Natural language can lead to contradictions and ambiguities. Just look at that star trek episode where they supposedly brought down androids built by a very advanced ancient race just by saying stupid and self contradictory things. Which by the way was a stupid premise but hey :) Aha, http://www.html5laboratory.com/working-offline.php Tim berners-lee is absolutely right. We are getting too centralized. http://myownstream.com/blog#2010-05-21 You CAN have privacy and distributed. thanks for setting the record straight. I'd argue that there is more upside in the long run. If you stop taking the investor's money it's either because your company has become profitable, or because you have been able to do a round of funding at a higher valuation. Either of these means that the investor has started to get a return on their money, which is way better than sinking their entire investment into a company that fails. Your investor can even do a partial exit at the next round, reimbursing themselves for 100% of their original investment, and still have shares left over. Shouldn't the investor incentivize the entrepreneur to do this? That numbers I posted are just an illustration. I see what you're saying about being on the board, etc. and you're right, I haven't thought that part out ... this may be a deal that's better for "passive" investors, who don't want to really have to deal with control of the company. But ask yourself, though. If you invested $200,000 into a company, wouldn't you want that company to become profitable or raise a larger round before it ran out of money? Wouldn't you be nervous if it spent $180,000 and YOU were its only hope? On the flip side, often founders need only around $20-50k before launching something. If things don't go as planned, they may need as much as $100,000 due to unforeseen circumstances. Unless you can predict the future, a range would work better than a set amount. So I think it makes sense to set aside the maximum amount of that range, but have the option of raising the second round early, before using up the whole range. The reason that the founder has to explicitly draw money on the allotted amount, is to prevent "giving back the money to the investor" when they have found a better deal, which wouldn't be fair. But I think this scheme is fair to both parties. Why exploit the inefficiency of a founder to be unable to predict the future? Make your money on the actual rise in the company's value. Would you agree? good point, I didn't think of that facebook does seem to be way more in the public mind than skype I don't know why skype doesn't enhance its product with its own social network and compete with facebook! Exactly :) Cool. I would say that that's what rabbis do. It's not hearsay, they interpret ancient scripture and tradition, some of which is more modern than others. Don't mean to get all religious on ya, but I wanted to ask here... Is there any evidence of macro-evolution having ever taken place in recorded history? I'm asking this with no agenda, but curious. As far as I know, no new species have ever been produced, despite natural or unnatural selection. So what makes us say that there is no other force or process that causes speciation? How are scientists so convinced that mutation and natural selection is all that is required, despite never having observed a single instance of speciation? To be scientific, a theory has to make some potentially falsifiable, non-obvious predictions. Then we can test those predictions, and if our experiments confirm them then the theory survives. I totally agree that the hypothesis "natural selection occurs" has been proven in ample ways (ok, maybe the white->dark->white butterflies was a bad one, but bacteria and their resistance to antibiotics is proof enough). But to form a completely new species... Species is defined as "as a group of organisms capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring" according to Wikipedia. Two animals are of different species if none of their offspring have ever been observed to be fertile. At least, that's a good working definition. It bothers me that scientists have been interbreeding literally thousands of generations of fruit flies and despite all selection pressures, artificial or not, were never able to produce a single new species. Sure, it's hard to try and mate every fruit fly with every other fruit fly, so maybe there were divergent species, but after a few generations, this should have revealed itself. If this is really the case, then how come we take it for granted that humans, homo erectus, neanderthals etc. were all divergent species that had a common ancestor something like 50,000 years ago? Am I way off? If you take the fruit fly lifetimes and human lifetimes, in those 50,000 years we had about as many generations as the fruit fly generations. And we got all this speciation supposedly, using nothing more than mutation and natural selection. But where is the proof? I'm not necessary arguing that one of the religions is right and there is another force. But are scientists being biased here when they simply assume there isn't any other force? It's as if I was looking at cars from the 1920s all the way up until now, and I saw gradual change, and based on this I decided that there was no designer of these cars. I don't think that follows at all. Just curious if someone knows links that can resolve this for me :) Yes, but look at what you are saying. I fully agree that bacteria, rotifers, and other creatures can pick up genes. This is incredible. In fact, they've just found bacteria that substitute entire elements, which is incredible too. What I am asking about, is the specific hypothesis: "all speciation occurred via repeated application of mutation and natural selection, and no other factors were involved" Now, I realize this would be impossible to test for ALL species, but wouldn't it be nice to have an example of at least ONE species that arose in this way through sexual reproduction? We have been breeding dogs for hundreds and thousands of years, and all of them are the same species! We have been adapting plants and never been able to create new species. Why is it so hard to do it, or it's just that we haven't tried hard enough? I'm basically taking a skeptical approach here to the hypothesis, you see what I mean? It would be nice to just call it all "evolution" and assume the results. But I'd like some proof, some falsifiable predictions that have been tested. I just looked at that section. They present three examples: flies - but they say only a "mating preference" was achieved. Well sure, there are different kinds of dogs and they probably prefer their own kind, but they are still just one species. domestic cattle - this is a non-example, as the article points out, because they are all capable of interbreeding sheep - two kinds of sheep are apparently different species. However, I would take issue with this statement: "For example, domestic sheep were created by hybridisation"... it seems inconsistent with the other one: "but the initial dates and methods of the initiation of such species are not clear". How do they know they were created by hybridisation? Yes, I have seen talkorigins before and I use this all the time when people ask "how do you prove macroevolution"? Certainly I can prove that macroevolution has taken place, if by that you mean that natural selection and mutation take place, and that the change is gradual, and topologically continuous. "A unique, historical phylogenic tree" -- this pretty much expresses that idea. But where in that paper does it talk about actual testable predictions of the hypothesis: "all speciation came about as a result of mutation and natural selection with no other factors or forces"? Each section has a "predictions" section. But notice that even if all these predictions come true 100% of the time, this does not rule out the possibility that new species of sexually reproducing organisms are created specially by God, much like new cars are created by humans, despite there being an observably continuous change through time. http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/comdesc/section5.html#specia... Look at this. We are almost there, to what I am looking for. Are these "speciation events" fitting the "mating preference" criteria or "cannot produce fertile offspring" criteria? If the latter, I am satisfied! interesting paper! Thanks, man. Now I have some good resources to refer to when people doubt speciation or macroevolution. Although this doesn't prove that all species came about through mutation and natural selection only, it does give examples of this happening. I didn't know it happened in plants. And thanks for setting the record straight on what people believe regarding our common ancestor with neanderthals. Offhand, I thought it was a mere 50k years :P Are there any hominids that split from us more recently? Like 50k? when you say artificial selection, you mean selection by humans? Then yeah. Although humans are natural too. I just mean selection by forces within nature and not an external factor Watch them start banning ISPs then, or taxing their upstream links Still, distributed DNS is great -- but we would then have to trust certificate authorities that grant certificates for a certain period of time. If the certificates never expired, then domain ownership would be forever. If they did expire, then the government could forbid a certificate issuing authority to reissue a certificate, but the effect would be much sower than banning dns. I definitely would like to control my own company. That said, my philosophy is simple: Your first company should SUCCEED. You should be prepare to give up control, equity, etc. as long as it succeeds. That gives you a track record AND money. Think about it. If you had $10 million dollars 2 years from now, and a 5% stake in your first venture, contacts lots of happy people and a reputation for succeeding with your first venture, don't you think you could own the shit out of your next company? Like 100% ownership in pretty much anything you want, with $5 million of your own money in it. You could try 30 different ideas or set up a nice lab. Wanting to own your first venture is kind of like saying this will be your only idea, ever. It might sound unproductive, but my advice to fellow entrepreneurs would be: listen to what investors want, and then give it to them. Put together a great team. Find VC firms who like to invest in your kind of thing. Develop just enough to get them interested. Set up appointments. Get funded. Exit with $10m or more in the bank. Do your own thing. Your first business can be all about the $$ exit. It seems I myself am going a different route, though. grellas - could you say whether these days founders can open a company quickly with these open sourced documents by YC or TechStars by filling in the blanks, or do they still need a lawyer to do it for thousands of $$? Sorry if this puts you on the spot, but I just wanted to know how much more needs to be done that is not covered by the standard docs. I am assuming here that the investors are your friends & family and they aren't out to do a high powered negotiation -- just want to set things up correctly and keep going. Are there any specific pitfalls that could happen if one just used standard documents and a convertible note? What do you mean? In order to get a facebook api key, you have to have created an app as a facebook user. Wow! Spock vs Batman! I never thought about it! Wow, and included motorcyclists with bombs. Move over James Bond. This is 2010. Sure, the harbor's cheap ($200/month) say but what about the Yacht itself? Probably costs more to rent than the apartment!!!! No? Cut the foreplay, TSA, we all know eventually we will have to get on the plane naked! After a good cavity search. Because, let's face it, all it takes is one bra-bomber and panty-bomber for this to become a reality. Why can't they call it LIBERATING SOFTWARE? Seriously, it's not the software that's free (as in libre), it's you, to do as you want as long as others who receive your derivative software get the same freedom. Liberating -- to bring about liberty to those who do not have it It makes much more sense than "free" software. Why not take the opportunity to have everyone exposed to the name understand exactly what it means and be more intrigued? tell me again why we NEED rebase? Well yea, but I am assuming that free software advocates are ADVOCATING for free software -- so if they call it liberating software, their task will be much much easier. What part of the world is this? How big is the boat, and where did you find it so cheap? I see yachts selling for over $500k... I am seriously considering this. Can you please point me to some links? I am in NYC. Maybe I can buy a yacht somewhere else and sail it to NYC? IMHO, a version control system shouldn't provide facilities for people to edit the history, but instead, to edit meta-information about the history. What git needs is probably a meta-history that gets aggregated during pushes. But if you wanted to see all of your own warts, you should be able to, for the philosophical reason that a VCS isn't supposed to let you "cheat". "But," you say, "I want to prepare my patch to look super-nice when I publish it to the world!" Fair enough. Then edit your meta-history since that is what the VCS will send. Right now, you can already do this in GIT by creating a specific branch and pushing only IT. Can't you? So why rebase When you publish something to the world, don't you want to take a minute to make sure it's good? You do this when pushing to production, right? Well, then why not take the same care and simply create a new branch with only the "clean" commits, and then push that branch? I don't see a need for rebase. Don't rewrite your existing history, make a new branch to push to others! Like "tags" in svn. I liked my joke. I grew up in the 90s. The shows on TV rocked. They are what influenced me to be who I am today. I feel pity for the TV programming kids had to watch in the 2000s. What happened to all the brilliant writing? Pinky & the brain? Gargoyles? Disney? Animation with more than 2 frames per minute? We just got an avalanche of inane dubbing of japanese anime. "Hey, Ash, let's go into the forest and enslave little animal-looking things in balls and make them fight! I choose you Pikachu! Yay!" The best thing to come out of the 2000s decade of children's shows is YuGiOh abridged :)) It can only get better from there. Who's with me? I think you're not talking about kids shows. TV is definitely better in general, but animated shows really, really sucked in the last decade. (I mean shows for teens and children) http://blog.movies.yahoo.com/blog/177-disney-will-stop-makin... I'm just asking, why can't you make a new branch and merge-commit every 3rd commit to it, with a better message? It would preserve the philosophical "involatility" of history. EXACTLY!!!!!!! As a side note -- can anyone here shed light as to what the GPL says with regard to developing code based on the GPL within your organization? I mean, I would want my employees to NOT necessarily go and publish intermediate stages to the world or share them with my competitors. But then again, I am restricting my employees' freedom to do so, through a non-compete contract or something else. Is this compatible with the GPL? I guess this hinges on whether the employee installing a copy of the code in their development environment counts as "distribution". Does it? All I can say is: ha ha ha. And: we need to come up with a better system for selling intellectual art these days! I thought I'd share a function that has been VERY useful to me. Maybe "CODE HN" is an interesting label ... if you wrote some code that you are proud of and think it will REALLY help your fellow hackers discover a better way to do something, maybe you can post it here as CODE HN. I'd be interested in pro tips from other hackers out there :) The original title for this was: "CODE HN: Function to take better advantage of Node.js asynchronous goodness." I'm not sure how it changed. The difference between Facebook and all the software and internet companies that preceded it, is a big one: All the other companies won because of their products, for whatever reason -- usefulness, ubiquity, etc. If someone came up with a product that had better usefulness, ubiquity, etc. then users could leave. Google leveraged network effects with publishers. A search engine to rule them all. It had publishers by the proverbial "balls" -- if they didn't play nice, Google could just delist them and they'd lose their main source of traffic. But the users were always free. Free to switch to yahoo, or bing, at the drop of a hat if they liked their search engines better. Facebook is the first company I know that has successfully pulled off the following: it has its own USERS by the balls. If you don't like facebook, you can bitch about it and even delete your facebook account, as various random people claim. And then a couple months later your friends want to share their X (pictures, notes, etc.) with you and not EVERYONE IN THE WORLD. And to do that, you have to join facebook again. Yes, facebook, because joining some other site will do no good. This works because leaving facebook is no longer as easy as making a personal choice. You now have to create more work for all your "friends" who are sharing stuff with you on facebook. "Larry, didn't you hear? I got married! Everyone came to my engagement party! It was all over facebook" "Sorry baby, I'm not on facebook anymore... I guess I'm out of the loop" This is a new ball game. Of course, facebook also has PUBLISHERS by the balls, just like Google, since it drives lots of traffic to them. But it's the first company to have users by the balls. So what if you delete your account? You are in a tiny minority. And chances are, half of you will be right back on there the minute your friends refuse to share with you anywhere else. I am just curious, what determines the front page of Hacker News? Because this post has 17 points and the one below it has 130 at this time Perhaps you shouldn't just implement ideas, you should implement technologies. And carefully map out your user flows. And then you should make sure that each conversion step actually converts in the real world. I think it's mostly because you can blame wikipedia for wanting your money, as opposed to the innocent "free" website that puts ads... at least they aren't getting your actual money LOL it's just psychology I somehow knew this would touch off a firestorm. Come on, lots of people measure people's interest in ways where they go to some page or do an action and nothing is there. True, after that, those people probably won't trust you unless they have a good reason to. But in the end of the day, you didn't really harm them and there are many more people. Look I'm not saying it's not lying. I'm saying that there are worse things in the world than sending 20 people to a page to gage their interest. did you expect a profuse apology? My biggest question is, how did he get publicity? I doubt that simply putting a project on kickstart is gonna do it. That's the kind of case study that would be really valuable for us all as entrepreneurs. I could make the coolest video in the world but I doubt Kickstarter's random traffic is enough Is there a good article on doing PR properly? I think it requires knowing people with good connections. Actually I have been toying with this idea as a new way to produce art. Books. Movies, etc. Because if take as an axiom that "once it's out there, it will be copied" then what if all the reliable money to be made was already made before the movie was released, and at the theaters, concerts, and physical books? You could follow the progress of movies and fund them if you liked what you saw. But there needs to be more incentive. Dude, there's a whole javascript engine: http://www.uselesspickles.com/triangles/ ah someone already posted it :) Wow is this the greatest # of points EVAR? well how would it get picked up? hmm, I don't visit hacker news often enough to recognize the nicknames and make friends on here would it be cool to make a tool that helps you friend people on hacker news and view their profiles? Does something like this already exist? I'm planning on incorporating something like this, but it's wayyyy in the future. Right now I am working on a distributed social network, where you own your data. That means if you are hosting it and your machine goes down, then your non-public data is inaccessible to others because your machine is the master source of authorization for who can see it and who can't. "Letting the server supply you with arbitrary Javascript code to execute doesn't really get you away from trusting the server." BINGO! That is the biggest problem with current web technology today. We need to have some kind of mechanism for delivering STATIC content, content that can be verified by independently downloading a hash from somewhere that you trust, and making sure the file is the same. This download has to happen through the browser itself, and not be initiated by javascript. Yes, I have a proposal. Similar to how we have https:// blabla, and the user agent warns us if the server's certificate is not trusted, we should have httpc:// blabla to indicate constant files. Sites all over the world can download urls from httpc:// and store hashes to them in various formats, and your user agent can trust one or more of these authorities. When downloading, it would compare the hashes against the ones downloaded from these authorities, and if there is even a small deviation, it would give you a warning just like https:// I can see this being used in app stores for the web (curating apps and various versions of apps, like Apple does) and also for secure logins. I would like someone to make guarantees that my password is not being sent in the clear to the server that I am connected to. Currently with web tech it's impossible to be sure you aren't revealing sensitive info to the server. This simple change would make possible a variety of applications that we haven't even thought of, besides these two. The point is to be able to guarantee properties of a resource that is delivered to you via the internet. Whether it contains JSON or not, you are trusting the server. With current web technology you don't have an option. distributed checksumming is what I am talking about upgrades should be done by putting the new version at a DIFFERENT url. As tim berners-lee says, cool uris don't change: http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI I'm not sure if I can put the b somewhere in between the two logos, as that would introduce an ugly white space between the Q and the b. By the way, does the Q look like a chat bubble to you at all? The thing is, the ETAG and other headers are sent by the server. They may be different tomorrow. Technically we don't have to have a different scheme like httpc:// ... although it would be better to have it, because people can see at a glance the httpc:// and know that guarantees have been made (as opposed to headers having been sent). The only guarantee we need to make is that the file is constant. That is easy enough to check without even having a web of trust. Since something is constant, just add a couple of authorities on the internet to each browser, and if even one of them disagrees, show the warning. (A rogue "authority" can of course mess up someone's login screen by claiming it changed, but the similar things can be done by rogue dns servers.) Anyway once you guarantee the constant-ness, other authorities can guarantee things like "safety". And the best part is, httpc:// files should be the same to everyone, regardless of cookies, IP, etc. so ANYONE can go and verify their properties. There is NOTHING like this in user agents right now (automated verification of guarantees about a resource) but there should be!! About proposal #2 ... technically, all we would have to do to implement "topmost iframes" is to make their z-order highest in the browser renderer. Now that I think about it, flash and other commonly installed plugins that may create a window "on top of" the browser would not make clickjacking possible, since those windows receive the mouse inputs. There are two factors here which aren't mentioned in the video, that I wanted to touch on: 1) The birth rates. In countries that heavily favored male sons, and possibly had a limit on the number of children a family could have, the girls now have it better, so it's more desirable for many to have a daughter because she would grow up to have a better life. 2) We may not feel what she is talking about, being technologists and pushers of envelopes. In the fascinating article "What is good about men", which I will post later (here it is, by the way: http://www.psy.fsu.edu/~baumeistertice/goodaboutmen.htm ) a great case is made for why men are more drawn to math, hard science, computers, logical thinking quiet reflection, and most of all, risk and changing the world. The economy has changed from one where men's strength was used, to one where brains and ideas and relationships are key. When it comes to changing the world and computer programming, I would say men definitely dominate the landscape in terms of their numbers and enthusiasm (certainly there are female software entrepreneurs, but there are not that many). So from our perspective, it may seem that men are still "running the world" in a sense. But in fact, economically, women are taking over. Because most men are not computer programmers or entrepreneurs. Increasingly men are taking on jobs where they sit by a computer and typ. In the past, the vast majority of typists were women. Imagine a male secretary in the 50s! But today men seem to be evolving into two classes: the intellectuals, who work a lot, and the rest (creative, promoters, etc.) whose dynamic is very different. Less work and more play. Women working longer hours than them. I wonder if in 10 years it won't look more like the lions: the females hunt and the male eats and has sex. And the difference this time around is, birth control has been invented. Of course I am exaggerating but it is intriguing to consider where society as a whole is headed. what is the advantage of magazines having to review every new version of software? httpc:// would be used for logins and distributing software. People already publish checksums, this would just be an automatic way of verifying every file that the server claims is constant. Thanks guys for your responses. I just wanted to add a couple things: yes, if I was following what everyone else does (and the user kind of expects) then a) my service won't really stand out in this respect, which may be fine, and b) the box will be at the bottom, which means the human brain will have to look for it in a variable place, causing far less people to use it than if it was in a fixed place on top -- and causing less initial engagement with the site. If you notice, youtube did whatever they could to get popular in the beginning, and it worked for them. They were one of the first web 2.0 companies to be sold for above a billion dollars. Anyway, back to my point ... if you read email (not in gmail, but in regular email clients) then you usually have conversations in reverse chronological order. Come to think of it, I always feel I have to remind people to "read from the bottom" when I forward an email thread. So perhaps it doesn't lend itself to the best experience. This seems to suggest that the best experience is indeed: bar on the bottom, infinite scroll going up (or pagination going backwards). But now I will have the problem of drawing the user's eye to the bottom of the screen. Most chats will initially be empty, so I will just have a large empty space on the top, and a chat textbox on the bottom. What about that? Fine for IRC but not for a website, I think. Indeed, what is causing our preference for the bottom these days, that will continue to be important as physical paper, etc. won't have much bearing on chat layout? I think it is: 1) keyboards on phones are on the bottom, so as not to obscure our view of the screen, and we want that textbox to be in line with the keyboard 2) we read from top to bottom, so it is more natural to continue reading this way inter-message and not just intra-message But there is one BIG ONE that seems to really scream "newest on top" for me: On the web, things start at the top This makes sense, because they are documents. And as such, embedding chat in a document seems to demand a large empty space: most of the important site elements (header, etc.) will be on the top, and to see the input box you have to look all the way DOWN. Maybe I just need to come up with an idea to draw the eye there and make people want to type. But what? This is bollocks. I usually tell people what I'm working on, during casual conversation. I then ask them if they'd use it. I don't need false pretenses. I just need to know the likelihood a person, given experience A, would take action B. And I make it interesting for them. Why would anyone want to run Apache and Node.js? What is so special about Apache? Use nginx. And what do you mean by "with"? Just have Node listen on a different port, what's the big deal about this? If you are designing a new site, and you are concerned about performance, I would strongly suggest serving static (read: cacheable for a whole day) files which include javascript which talks to Node on a port. Then, who cares what the port is, as long as it works? On the other hand, if you are integrating Node with existing code, say PHP, then use TCP sockets behind a firewall, or Unix sockets for communication. Right, when I was doing a math Ph.D my specialization was numerical optimization. One of the first classes was numerical linear algebra. Of course you shouldn't be inverting a matrix if you don't have to. But this is basic stuff you can read in any numerical linear algebtra textbook. do you mean it's a problem for browsers or for the servers? But to really anonymize the traffic and make sure it is not censored, don't we also need to make it a hard problem to find the originating node or track a session? Given the network topology it may be easy to track down the computers used to transmit the IP packets. Okay but I am assuming that most web servers are not run from users' private computer networks, but from dedicated data centers, or somewhere in "the cloud". But yea I agree if you want node to listen on port 80 then you either forward certain URLs to it (using nginx this is easy), or or you just get another IP to point to the same machine, which is probably better. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rq4HDwY9Mc Sure, that is fine. You can give away your copy to someone else. However no one who did not buy the book directly from me can become an affiliate. The system still works like an MLM scheme with a $0 cost per item. The point of this hack is to prompt a rethinking of the copyright law, by testing what happens when it is used to create an MLM scheme that has all the economics of a pyramid scheme: You simply make an ebook, sell it, have an affiliate program whose only condition is to buy the book, and make it a multi-level affiliate program. Here is the question: is the proposed scheme LEGAL (as I believe it is) because of the law's current thinking about copyright licensing, or is it ILLEGAL, because its economics are exactly the same as those of a pyramid scheme (minus the initial cost of making the copyrighted work), and thus may have the same undesirable consequences? And if it should be illegal, then let's trace it back to WHY copyright enables it to be legal. the license is the good, but thanks to our old friend the COPYRIGHT system, the license is treated as a bona fide product that you sell. After all, copying is stealing right? :) Don't pirate my ebook!! Does that sound the same as: You simply make an ebook, sell it, have an affiliate program whose only condition is to buy the book, and make it a multi-level affiliate program. Yes, the only difference is that to become an affiliate, you must first buy a book, making it an MLM scheme. But since the cost of producing and delivering an extra copy of your book is essentially zero, we have created a legal system with the same economics as a pyramid scheme. Right? So is it legal? It says there: "pyramid schemes — also referred to as franchise fraud or chain referral schemes — are marketing and investment frauds in which an individual is offered a distributorship or franchise to market a particular product. The real profit is earned, not by the sale of the product, but by the sale of new distributorships. Emphasis on selling franchises rather than the product eventually leads to a point where the supply of potential investors is exhausted and the pyramid collapses." in this case there is a real product, even though each extra copy costs $0 secondly, we can't really prove one way or the other -- after all the ebook might be useful for some people, who is to say the "real" profit is earned by selling the option to be an affiliate and not the product, since you get both at the same time and thirdly, ANY copyrighted work needs to be bought only once if the user keeps the copy in good condition, so the supply of potential buyers will be exhausted and sales of the book will diminish as the market is saturated Thanks, good ideas. Do you think the proposed business scheme I said is legal or not? When I was 19-20, I helped this great fellow Dr. Eisenstadt, a retired professor from Brooklyn College, self-publish his books for his family and friends. At the time he had a lot of files in WordPerfect for DOS, and I had to (basically manually) get them into Word somehow, clean up the formatting, and fix up some of the few spelling mistakes it found. At first he balked that he had spelling mistakes... he had very few, but then he saw they were there, he was happy :) Anyway, he loved to write about America and particularly Carnegie. So through formatting his book I learned a lot about Carnegie -- the guy came from nothing, and he was truly active. Check this out: http://bit.ly/fDMBd9 Perhaps it is oversimplistic, but it seems to me that the copyright law makes a category error - it equates a license to make a copy with an actual "product" with resale value - even though there is an unlimited supply of it, and in doing so, makes the MLM scheme totally legal. Here is why the puzzles can be very effective, especially for a company in no hurry to hire: 1) The people who submit them are most likely interested in your company, took the time to solve the problem, and have a mind that works well. That already saves a lot of time screening people you wouldn't want for those top positions. 2) It attracts other smart people because you wouldn't refer puzzles to stupid people -- notice how we posted it on Hacker News. On a similar note, if you google for Node.js like I did, you'll find a sponsored result from Meebo offering you to apply to their "secret jobs!" -- because not just anyone searches for Node.js, but rather people who are interested in the new technology, which they are probably using or looking into. 3) Psychology -- people feel like they want something they worked towards. They committed time to facebook, so they will take it more seriously, and when someone from facebook talks to them, and asks them about their background AFTER solving the puzzle, they will feel a sense of accomplishment and engage back. 4) Notice how many of these puzzles have specified the exact outputs. They can screen the initial applicants with an automated test suite to see how well they did. Cheapest first round candidate evaluation ever :) 5) The puzzles are hopefully related to the kinds of architectural and social challenges they actually have to solve at facebook, so this prepares the candidate for that kind of thinking. If the candidate doesn't like thinking in this way, perhaps it's better to find out as early as possible, and before even SPEAKING to the candidate is pretty early! If anything I would definitely set this kind of thing up for the top (architectural, etc.) development positions at facebook. They were recently named the best place to work at in 2010, so they can afford to do this. How come people can pirate Chuck Norris movies, given what they say about him? It seems impossible. Chuck Norris doesn't type, he thinks. And the internet comes together. You know the stuxnet worm? That was chuck norris randomly mashing some keys. I personally have no problem with the language he uses here. For a non-technical audience, this is just fine. And it's technically correct and not misleading at all. Just take out the "runs everything in parallel" and replace it with "is able to handle more requests and events while it's waiting for slower operations to complete, such as a database query, whereas in the traditional model, each request is handled by a dedicated process, which must wait for each database query to complete before issuing the next one" Exactly. It's not about being faster than other Javascript engines, it's about compiling down to Machine code, and being way faster than all the other scripting languages. Unless you use Java, C, C++, etc you would do better with Node.js That's fine if you are running a 16-core machine with 16GB of ram, isn't it? Just have one Node.js process per core. Argh, I was afraid of that. Can we have something that is a hybrid of refcounting and stop-the-world GC? I read some nice academic paper a few years ago about how people made a GC that combined the benefits of refcounting and stop the world. While Google's customers ARE the advertisers and their first priority is to make sure they are protected, Google would sit up and do something if more website PUBLISHERS would complain. It's a business. However, as a practical issue, I fail to see any practical reason to disable the guy's revenue from YouTube videos, based on clicks from an unrelated site. Just stop counting the clicks on the site, Google! Paul Allen is taking advantage of the law. There is nothing really wrong with that. If you think the law is wrong, then let's work to try to change it. I personally find these intellectual property monopolies to be more menace than good. Especially the 17-year-long patents for SOFTWARE! Even if they were not vague. Even if he described in intricate detail exactly how a newsfeed works, or a search engine works in 1990, say. And you look at the patent and go WOW, HE TOTALLY DESCRIBED WHAT GOOGLE DOES. If he didn't build any technology to implement it, if he didn't struggle with the development, with scaling, attracting users, building a market, then do you think it's fair for Google to just pay him for merely describing something to the US Patent Office and then keeping it secret? This hampers competition. This is not good. It's not Paul Allen we should be complaining about. After all, the patent law makes Intellectual Ventures and Interval Licensing very good ideas as companies. Their business plan is exactly that -- describe some things, then wait a few years, and go litigate. Who says a law is wrong, unfair or immoral? Certainly not the legislators. Even if it is, taking advantage of the law might still not be unfair or immoral. If anything, it will highlight that the law needs to be changed. yo mark, congrats. So what are your next steps? Grab an advertising network quick and throw it on there for now. Now that's what I'm talking about! Patents were originally intended to encourage investors in a time when bringing a product to market could take years. In the software industry, that assumption is, to put it mildly, totally off. Therefore, in the software industry, granting someone a 17 year monopoly on an idea just encourages another, destructive type of strategy that hurts the entire industry: PATENT TROLLING. Seriously, it is a legal strategy to describe something to the government, wait a few years and then go after the people who actually BUILT IT (even if they came up with it independently, as long as they can't prove they came up with it before you described it in a patent application). That's BULL CRAP. You didn't do anything except write some paper. If you're good at it, you don't even need a lawyer. And you get to collect money from the hard work of others. On the other hand, I feel that if you DID write a patent, AND you tried to make it work, AND you are succeeding, you SHOULD be able to prevent your competitors from just copying what you did. But not for 17 years. For two years at most! It is in this latter sense that the patent system is great. I'd get a provisional patent over an NDA anyday. Because it's more legally enforceable. Say a company meets with me and I tell them the idea. First of all I don't have to require them to sign any NDA. Secondly, suppose they say, "nice idea, we are going to do it ourselves". I can tell them, "I have a provisional patent, and I will sue your ass in 2 years." Or I can tell them NOTHING, go ahead and convert it to a real patent (probably $5k out of my pocket) and go sue them 2 years later. Not 17 years later. This, I don't mind. They wanted to screw me by stealing my idea, they got burned. This will encourage companies to NOT screw individual investors and actually decide if they want to wait 3 years before making this, or work with the inventor. With NDAs, there is no way to prove anything. I spoke to Bobby, and they signed an NDA. Then, Charlie Inc. comes out with my product. I didn't make Charlie, Inc. sign anything, and Bobby doesn't have the $5 million dollars to pay me, and I can't prove he told anything to Charlie, Inc. OOPS. That's what software patents should protect against. That's it. They currently do, but we don't need 17 years of that kind of protection! Agreed, however there is something to be said about giving incentives to the little guy. Basically what entrepreneurs who are just starting out think NDAs should do, but better. Say you come up with a great new idea in software. And you want to make an agreement with someone to implement this idea. Without patents, they can have "their uncle's company in China" to do the idea (think CrunchPad), rename it to avoid any trademark issues, and screw you. How would you protect against this? This issue faces almost every inventor of an idea, as they will have to make business agreements with someone. Thus, although you would be encouraging free flow of information within the tree, you would be cutting off a large source of it -- individual inventors. Patents won't be going away because it's hard to distinguish between the above example, and a patent troll. Thank you! I was just writing about this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2039527 Well, it's hard to distinguish where to draw the line between a good faith attempt to execute an idea -- failing because a competitor outright copied it in 2 days, and patent trolling. That's why unless we figure out how to distinguish this effectively, either patents get abolished in software or they persist. Personally I did invent something that's relatively easy to copy. How would a big company ever agree to buy what I made when they can just copy it? It's called a creative commons attribution license. Personally if we operated under the assumption of "once it's released, it's gonna get copied" then entertainment would be released in a completely different fashion. In the first example, who cares that you are able to get 2-3 thousand users, eventually facebook comes out with it and launches to 500 million users simultaneously, you are unable to advance, and your 2-3k eventually go away. Yeah, I remember this result. I saw Kasparov before his match with Deep Blue (my dad knows him). I wish there was a rematch against him and computer. And it's true, process is very important -- not just in chess but elsewhere. And so is making use of human creativity! I agree, but I think you feel that way because AS3 really implements the ECMA standard, with classes and all. What about it do you like besides having classes? There is also a good sitcom skit. See "how I met your mother". Man, I don't know what episode. I think the one where he breaks up with robin, grows a breakup beard and says, "You're suited up, I'm bearded down..." see all the styles they got out of just one shaving session! :) Congratulations man! I remember back to the days when you made the flash for this: http://seethewall.com :) :) You have come a long way. Now listen -- I know how much you hated high school, but college is the time when you make all the social connections that will last you for the next 10 years! (And some of them, well, a lifetime.) It is probably where you are going to meet the people who will help you meet your wife. Well, maybe not directly, but she'll definitely get a sense of your social group when your friends are making her have a great time and regaling her with their crazy stories about you. And so .... REMEMBER Do not treat college as a preparation for a lifetime of serfdom. Instead, treat college as a social opportunity! Oh and one more thing -- do your studying done early and go out :) hey mark I'm glad you designed avecora front page now - explains very well what it does and I support it I like that idea so much that actually I have been working on a social network doing just that. And it's gonna come out before 2013 :P Sorry :) Better hurry up! how? I am going to get organized by using project management tools, make sure the finances are in place for my company to operate comfortably, so I have lots of time to meet with people and create new opportunities. And hopefully that will free up more time to spend with the people that matter to me the most. no, I think that phrases represent the prevailing sentiment and are meant to express what many people feel. People used to write unique poetry to you if they were in love with you. THAT is something I wish would come back. But stock phrases - I like too. I thought he said he does it with javascript! does this thing actually compute the rendered coordinates properly, as a browser would? Can I load jquery and call offset() ? So what do you hope to accomplish if you do these resolutions? Really, YES. Half of the stuff I want to test is that the right stuff is showing up in the right place. Why, what would you want to test? that's an unexpected interpretation of what I wrote I disagree with the article's sentiment. I'm glad the web is focusing on Javascript. Here's why: the web is a nice, text-based environment that is safe to execute on your computer. Each web resource may contain active scripts but they are pretty innocuous. Native applications are binary and can do all sorts of nasty things. Sure, this sandbox is supposed to be safe, but what if it's not? When an application is delivered over the web, one should really make sure that it wasn't somehow changed or sabotaged. Right now this is impossible. At the very least, this proposal would have to be implemented so we can trust what is being downloaded: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2024164 Here is what I suggest: native libraries should expose their objects to javascript, which should do the majority of the work. Kind of like PhoneGap does on the phones. These native libraries (like OpenGL, say), should be served from cdns over httpc:// and the user agent can verify that they are safe after downloading them. Because ECMAScript turned out to be pretty awesome, and is now the de facto standard on the web. If you don't like Javascript, your best alternative right now is to make a language that compiles into it. Take whatever "nice" features you want. Here was my crack at it: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2044752 Can you tell me how this is different from, say, Java? The fact that you are happy to run arbitrary binary code that was compiled for a specific platform? So now we are supposed to "write once compile everywhere" like C++, and then ship that to platforms? That is not in the spirit of the web AT ALL. If you want Java, at least THAT is write once, RUN anywhere. And why isn't running Java more seamless? I think answering THAT will be helpful to the original discussion. Think of it this way: Flash, Java, Javacript, et al are great for the web because they are "write once, run anywhere". The same source code runs everywhere. That is what the web is all about. HTML and CSS are not scripting languages and they are also "write once, run anywhere". That is how the web delivers your programs. Now, what will your Native Client do? It will have COMPILED code for ONE platform. Like in C++ where you "write once, compile everywhere". Except you probably won't be able to compile everywhere. The point of the web is that any platform should be able to run your app. On the other hand, I can see Native Client as being useful for extension libraries. You know, like PhoneGap plugins. The Javascript can test if the object is there, and if it is, use some standard interface. You could build up a standard library of these. As long as it is available on a wide enough range of platforms. Certain APIs are already exposed by the browser, through HTML5, that were originally in Google Gears. Look, I agree that it's more of a philosophical thing, and indeed you are welcome to make an extension for Mozilla and all the other browsers. But the security risks alone will make this a tough sell to INCLUDE in a browser -- harming the spirit of the web. Not only that, but the web is totally against "favoring one platform over another" ... it is BECAUSE of the web that the platforms are able to work better together. Hey, so what you are basically saying is, "the best computer algorithms in the world" (you know, Google has like > 578690 Ph. D's) are not good enough to have effective search, so we should introduce the human element. Fair enough. There is the Open Directory Project (which is pretty old) and of course there is Facebook, Twitter, and other, human-curated services. Starting a whole new company to do search and compete with Google (and Bing)? Seems like a waste of time as Google can just copy what you are doing and incorporate it into its already massive site (complete with traffic, audience, and lots of other goodies). Instead, why not get Google to add more social recommendation and feedback features? facebook I am hiring remote workers who know Javascript and jQuery extremely well. They would have to do jQuery, jQuery Mobile and Node.js . http://magarshak.com/contact very true. Hopefully I'm not just being bigoted because I am Russian, but I have worked with Russian speaking guys (Ukraine is great also) and I have to say that they care about the product quality. They often pushed back on my feature requests and forced me to discuss them until they were convinced the feature would be good. They want to make apps THEY want to use. At least, get the ones that DO that. You know, I am starting to think more and more that copyright should ALLOW peer-to-peer sharing but not republishing. That's where the line should be drawn. There should be a clear definition of publishing, e.g. serving content upon request to anyone immediately on demand. That way, if the authorities can download something copyrighted from a public source which is not the original author, they can go prosecute that source. Just a thought. Ideas? really, so you would be totally OK if someone copied your article and slapped their name on it, or took your fictional characters and wrote some stories where they are made to be the scum of the earth? This is ridiculous. First of all what about the ATOM format? I don't think it's dying. Anyway, why not simply have an RSS plugin / extension as some have suggested? You can do this in all the browsers. too bad it's not the case for many other people :) Sorry man, I like architecting things. And as a result, I now have a framework that will help me crank out lots of stuff, instead of that one-off project. I really like this article. Yes, if Google can pull off AI solutions like cars that drive themselves and appliances that cook for you (all are pretty straightforward problems that can be solved with programming) then they will really OWN. The problem with the former is the huge liability risk. When a car's breaks fail, we blame the car manufacturer. Imagine if a car crashed, or caused some sort of accident -- any accident! The blame would rest solely on Google's shoulders, whereas right now it's split between the driver and the car. The guy got it wrong. If a company wants to bring ANOTHER merchant into the mix, AFTER the transaction has been concluded, it can’t just send my info to them, I have to send it myself. That's what the bill says. Amazon and ClickBank are just fine. The question I have is, how does this affect virtual currencies and systems where I pay money to the initial merchant and they turn around and pay someone else (such as PayPal)?