I always do a fresh install. I save backup of my $HOME, but don't restore it (I copy what I need when I need). It's perfect time for getting rid of old unused applications, projects, etc. But it takes time and patience. Safari supports push notifications from websites for a while. I've found it convenient for the news websites I often visit just to check for new content. It's like RSS integrated into OS. One can misuse it, but generally it's useful. We have DNS system in place which should be enough to establish trust between browser and SSL public key. E.g. site could store self-signed certificate fingerprint in the DNS record and browser should be fine with that. If DNS system is spoofed, user will be in bad place anyway so DNS system must be secured in any case. Currently Swift is a questionable choice. It adds around 5 MB size to the application archive, XCode support is buggy and standard library lacks many things it should have. I built custom keyboard with Swift and I won't use it for my next projects in the near future, until it'll become more stable. But probably in year or two it'll become much better. That's why the simulation hypothesis is quite likely. We can simulate very simple universes. We will simulate more complex universes as time goes on. And there's nothing to prevent that universes to become really complex, so complex that beings there will become conscious. And it's only matter of time when those beings will simulate another universe. And, considering that every civilization simulates many universes, there's an exponential growth of universes beginning from the "root" civilization. So there are (or there will be) billions of billions of universes, one inside other, like russian dolls. And possibility of us living in the "root" universe is quite low. Either that or there's some fundamental nature law preventing us from creating a simulation of conscious intelligent mind. And even if we didn't create that simulation yet, I don't believe that those laws exist. We have billions stars to consume for energy and matter and billions of years to improve our technology. Why don't we create megacomputers with that power potentially at our hands? Or some watchdog system will detect an abnormal behaiour, stop the simulation and report the bug to the developers. They'll fix bugs and run the simulation from the last non-corrupted backup. And we'll never know that someone did that. It probably because France never had problems with food itself (because of good climate and good earth). So people had to develop food culture. In russia, where climate is hard, earth is not very fertile and one unsuccessful harvest could mean country-scaled global hunger, food culture is more about eating while you can, conservate food while it's fresh. With current excess of food there are many fat men and women out there. I believe that all countries will develop food culture very soon, it's already happening around. Dietology is a popular topic. While negative numbers very often provoke exceptions like IndexOutOfBoundException, with unsigned integers error could be uncaught for much longer time. I'm all for signed integers, unless storage requirements so tight that you really need that one bit. One major drawback for me is a constant flickering in Intellij Idea and Emacs. I'm not sure who is responsible for this, but user experience is just terrible. I'll definitely downgrade to 10.9 when I'll have enough spare time. I didn't see much problems besides it. I like new design, animations are smooth enough for me and everything works well enough. No, I don't use Flux. That's not correct. I just downloaded the same google font css using different user agents, one for Windows Google Chrome and one for OS X Google Chrome. CSS were different, both specified .woff2 format but actual font URLs were different. And downloaded .woff2 files were different as well. I used Open Sans font for that test. http://pastebin.com/edYbfxzU here's log, you can try it yourself. What's wrong with people giving rides for money? That's ideal model of open market IMO. I have this model applied in my country and 5 kilometers taxi ride would cost around 1-2 euros, depending on time (bus costs 0.4 euro). That's nice for customers, if you ask me. There's other side of the coin, it might not be safe enough to ride with unknown driver at night being in unconscious state. But we have public taxi services with slightly higher prices for that. I was at Spain in my vacation and transportation costs shocked me, TBH. It's funny that copyright holders restrict people to legally watch their content and then complain that their content is being pirated. When I'm developing a website, if I have a time to do things the right way, I'm doing my best to present to user a usable website both without CSS and JS. Good semantic markup usually provides good user interface. And, as crawlers usually don't like JS, making non-JS version helps them to crawl the site anyway. I think that Apple is a victim of its decision to release new OS version every year. Users expect a lot of changes from iOS n+1 or OS X m+1. You can't just fix all bugs and release a new version. And constant feature improvement introduces new bugs and deadline frames won't allow to release properly tested fixes for old bugs. I believe that feature-wise OS X 10.10 and iOS 8 are quite nice. Apple really should adapt something like Intel's tick-tock strategy. Release iOS 8 with new features at 2014. Release iOS 8S with all bugs fixed in 2015. Release iOS 9 with new features at 2016 but allow customers to downgrade to iOS 8S if they want to, for at least a year. They'll have to support 2 iOS versions, but people will have a choice between new features and stability. I wrote a custom keyboard using Swift. XCode stability was mostly OK. SourceKit crashed sometimes (disabling syntax highlight and autocomplete), but it didn't cause much headache. The thing that bothered me most was that iOS app wrote with Swift was packaged with 8 MB runtime libraries, so it was like 100 kB of my code and 8 MB of swift runtime libraries which I didn't like at all. I tried to learn how to write an OS X application with Swift and for some reason it became a nightmare, SourceKit keeps crashing and it wasn't possible to work at all. I guess I triggered some bug. I tried to investigate it, but without much success, I think that XCode will send those crash logs to Apple and may be things are already fixed. Actually I'm not really sure that Swift is the language I want to use. Objective C is good enough. It's good old C which I like. It's very dynamic which I like. Cocoa, Cocoa Touch and other frameworks are made for Objective C, not for Swift. I didn't made a final decision whether I will invest into Swift, but probably (at least until Apple declares Objective C obsolete) I will just use Objective C. It has its problems, but it has its strength too. That technique would useful when user wants to add public key into his github profile (or similar service). Instead of asking user to copy&paste his public key, site might ask him to enter `ssh github.com authtoken` in terminal. Funny thing is that many windows developers and administrators like to use RDP, while *nix users generally don't like it at all (usually because RDP doesn't allow easy scripting to automate routine tasks). > So then you have two avenues for attack, if someone wants to inject their own public key into your account - the Web UI and some form of custom SSH server. That's correct. SSH misses PKI and github can't sign their ssh public keys with trusted authority. If someone intercepting your traffic, he can redirect your connection to 22 port to malicious ssh server and save his malicious public key to github. To prevent that, github must present ssh fingerprint into their web page and user must check that fingerprint with one he can see on terminal. Thanks for clarification. > Besides which you would need more than just "ssh github.com authtoken" - it doesn't identify who you are (thus knowing who to save the public key for) authtoken is supposed to be an unique identifier and github server knows that it's associated with your account. Would be nice to have it in the browser like Go tour. Probably because he's good at writing code, not writing business plans and raising money. It might sound weird but I actually like to draw simple SVG images using text editor. SVG is well suited for that, it's readable and compact. It's not exactly that. More energy-effective systems allow you to mine the same bitcoins with lower electricity expenses. When bitcoin mining will hit the wall of physical restrictions, they will start to optimize energy efficiency. You should use URL-safe base 64 encoding described in [1]. It uses `-` and `_` and should be safe for Gmail. 1: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5 Why not set clear rules? 1 byte of blockchain costs XXX millibitcoins. You like it — you use it. You don't like it — you don't use it. It's clear that if anyone can use blockchain as information storage, someone WILL do it, now or later. I think it's better to set the rules sooner than fix things later when they are out of control. There's similar problem in Kazakhstan. egov.kz is their e-government site. They issued their own root certificate and they use it to sign all users certificates. And they signed their SSL certificate with that certificate which causes it to show alarm. Not very smart move if you ask me. If you teach users to ignore HTTPS errors, then MITM attack becomes easier because user don't see anything suspicious. In Kazakhstan it's achieved by using signed Java applet. It works well in Windows, OS X and Linux. In Linux there are some problems with smart card readers, but generally things work well. I don't like Java applets, but they are probably better than ActiveX. nginx fully supports SPDY. HTTP/2 is largely based on SPDY so I expect that nginx will support HTTP/2 very soon. I don't think so. Yandex is very neutral company in that regard. They have Ukrainian office with developers. For Ukrainian users they show Crimea belonging to the Ukraine when browsing from maps.yandex.ua. You can check it yourself, compare maps.yandex.ua and maps.yandex.ru. It's clearly an adware with backdoor to espionage on user. In many countries creating and distributing that kind of adware is classified as crime. What a nonsense they are talking. I use Intellij Idea with Database plugin and it works perfectly. SQL syntax highlighting (for PostgreSQL dialect), autocomplete (using actual table definitions from the database), visual table editor. I can run SQL query, edit some cell in the result table and that edit will update the database. There's a dedicated cheaper product called 0xDBE if you don't own Idea and don't need Java support. Postico looks nice and I like the fact that it's a native app. But without highlighting and autocomplete it's not very interesting for me, I'm SQL guy. Browsers should improve incognito mode so websites won't be able to distinguish Chrome@OS X from Firefox@Windows. And may be allow easier integration with proxy services. Privacy is important. You really should send vectors, not video stream. It'll allow to keep bandwidth requirements low for most of the office workflow. Of course watching video on youtube require sending video stream and that's where you embed H.264 stream, but not everywhere. AFAIK Windows RDP works closely with the operating system to allow it to send only vector primitives instead of raw bitmaps. You can't stream lossless 4k retina video and anything other is a compromise for many people. I think that CSS should include something like XSLT transformations allowing developer to output site markup with simple semantic elements and then designer can transform those elements into anything he need, count elements, add classes, whatever. And then style result of those transformations with traditional CSS rules. It's the color and reflections that matters. Not the weight. But competitors will surely make a joke of it. Searching for Java shouldn't return JavaScript results. Almost all exploitable vulnerabilities are related to the browser plugin. There's no danger of keeping outdated JRE inside some application. Vectors are good at inserting in the back and deques are good in inserting both in the front and in the back (or course if capacity grows exponentially, but that's how they should be implemented). Linked lists are almost always wrong choice because they don't play well with memory caches. They might be better with inserting in the middle and that might matter only with really huge lists (millions of items). At least that's how it works with languages close enough to the hardware. Is there some definitive information about how good Google at this task? What JS constructions works, what does not work. I doubt that Google can index any JavaScript. And don't forget about other search engines. It's not very good to keep site indexable by Google and not indexable by other search engines. What I would like to use is some kind of small programs from which backup script might be crafted. Actually most of the tools are available. Incremental backups with rsync. Encryption with openssl. Archiving/compression with tar/gzip/7-zip. But scripts will be quite verbose and error-prone. Better solution should be available. Something like #define DATE(month, day, year) ... would help to read dates without program running. Client code could be hard to verify too. Browser do not support this functionality and there are no popular addons to verify JavaScript I'm aware of. You can't just download script.js with curl and assume that server will serve the same file to your browser. XSLT is a good idea with terrible implementation IMO. There's language called cduce. I'm not sure if it alive but it was interesting alternative implementation, though it was too much academical to be practical. But there could be usable language for trees transformation. Overall this idea is much better than current state of things. I wonder what's better from the point of final user (app size, app starting speed, app performance, memory usage): png or this drawing code? I suspect that PNG should work better. And programmer can easily generate multiple PNG from single hand-written SVG. Public Key Pinning could help for users running compliant browsers. I would recommend to read almost all of Strugatsky brothers books (which were translated to your language). They are all very interesting in different aspects. E.g. "Monday starts at Saturday" is a humorous story about programmer. Though they dreamed of communistic future, keep that in mind. Their worlds probably will look foreign to the western reader. And there are some references to the russian culture. But translations probably should take that in mind. Shell session to demonstrate (DO NOT DO IT IN THE DIRECTORY WITH IMPORTANT FILES): $ touch important $ chmod 400 important $ rm * override r-------- vbezhenar/staff for important? n $ touch -- -rf $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf -r-------- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 important $ rm * $ ls -l total 0 -rw-r--r-- 1 vbezhenar staff 0 Mar 24 14:35 -rf $ rm -- -rf I'm working locally using full-featured IDE and publishing my work with simple shell scripts. When I need to edit files remotely, I just use vi. I know it well and it works perfectly even over slow network connections. Self-signed certificate provides defense against passive attacker, and HTTP does not. That's an important difference IMO. XMPP have troubles with synchronizing chats between clients, with push notifications, with user-friendly mobile clients. I like XMPP, I did set up my own server, but I finally abandoned it. It's usable only with one client, preferably on desktop. Thanks, I'll look into that. I'm more interested with iOS and OS X apps (though Pidgin works well for OS X). And iOS doesn't permit messaging apps to work in background as far as I know, so push notifications are needed for comfort work. Though I'm usually near my laptop and probably can live without them. On large files less fires up immediately and vim is quite slow. I think that vim is loading an entire file in the memory while less just loads visible chunk. May be other vi implementations are more efficient with large files. Besides — vim really shouldn't be used on log files. It's editor, not viewer. Is there plans to drop glibc dependency? Rust should be able to do system calls itself and glibc should be as optional FFI library IMO. May be I misunderstood something, but dropping dependency on glibc doesn't imply static linking. Of course reusing C library means linking with libc and reusing C++ library means linking with libstdc++. But in a long perspective those libraries should be implemented with Rust to have all advantages of the better language. And using rust without libc might help with some embedded use-cases, where people don't want to put unnecessary stuff. Rust as a 0-cost systems language theoretically could be used there instead of C. If that was with Java, I would do something to make network terrible slow or even unresponsive and try to dump stacktrace to catch the bugger. Not sure if you can print stacktrace in Python in the middle of something. Everyone has different experience. I never had hardware problems with HP, Lenovo, Dell notebooks. It was built badly, it could broke something, but notebook worked well. With Macbook I had broken HDD which was replaced by warranty but it took almost a month without my working tool. And 2 years later sound just stopped working. Headphones work but buggy. I don't think I can pay for repair, probably will tinker with it myself. My iPhone 4S had broken WiFi just after warranty expired. All cables from Mac and iPhone are in terrible state. I don't really think that Apple hardware is better than others. Not worse than others, but not perfect. Choice is between OS X and Windows or iOS and Android. Otherwise there are many comparable machines. There's tag `label` made for connecting text and input elements. And any correct form should use labels and it'll work in any browser just as you described: click on text label will trigger input activation (toggle checkbox or focus text input). The great value of unit testing is reproducibility. You can't always find the cause of the bug just from failed test logs. You might need to re-run the test to debug and tweak the code. And if your test is randomly failing, it would be quite tricky to do that. Randomness is OK. Just make sure that RNG yields the same values each time test run. For example in Java the class Random is guaranteed to yield the same values for the same seed. I'm not sure that JavaScript has this class, probably you'll have to write your own version or find it in some library. Looks like description of the projects with bad build system, not like problem with e.g. maven. Maven downloads binaries from the HTTPS server. You can always get those libraries and rebuild them from sources into your internal repository. It seems like adblock got huge user base on premise to block ads and now monetizes that user base by selling them ads. Does not look like honest strategy to me. It won't work well for them as well, competitors are already there. I like this approach. I generally tend not to use jQuery, because native DOM API is often good enough for my needs, but it's not fun to write and read code using that API. jQuery for me is shortcuts and wrappers for this code. $('.something').toggleClass('collapsed') .click(somethingClicked); This simple and readable statement will turn into a lot of lines with DOM API. Modern browsers do their best to optimize typical use-cases for CSS selectors and .collection li for sure will be handled optimally. You shouldn't worry about CSS selector performance unless you have to provide good performance for very old browsers or hit specific performance problem. Optimize for humans, not for computers. > How am I going to show this to my boss, and have him take it seriously with such an infantile title? Probably the same way you would explain to your boss what KISS principle means or what WTF-metric for source code is :) It's an old joke, but it has a bit of wisdom. Illustration: https://davidlongstreet.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/wtfm.jpg... Safari, Chrome, Firefox works fine. Can you share the certificate this site serves to you? Does it work with sites like Google from Google Chrome where browser knows about their public keys? I think that this will be wide practice in modern browsers. HSTS/HPKP headers could be stripped by proxy but preloaded public key list probably will require custom browser build. Lenin, Stalin are huge figures in Russia history. Many men worships them. They are generally not considered like evil in Russia. Lenin made communism under which USSR became the most powerful empire in the world and Stalin won second world war. PS I'm not exactly agree to above statements. History is complex thing. But many men I know think the way I described. They are not proud of it, but they generally emphasize on his achievments. I always wondered why does this certificate order matter? Web server can (and does) parse certificates. It should reorder them in correct order and log warnings if any issues were found. Rust can work with C without problems. It misses some low-level things (I can speak of allocators) but generally it should be possible to write Linux kernel driver with Rust for example. Those times when C compilers did obvious translation to machine code are long gone. Now compilers are super-smart and can inline functions, throw away code _they_ think is not needed, replace loops with vector instructions and list goes on. It's really hard to tell what's happening at a low level for a given C code. I generally work with high level languages (Java, JavaScript, Scala) but I always loved C (and in some ways C++) because it's so close to metal. I fell in love with Rust. Usually I (internally) complain about a lot of things in languages. There are many drawbacks and bad design decisions. It might be hard to express but there's sense of engineering beaty. And I like Rust almost in every way. So far I wrote a bunch of little programs and some simple parser (bitmessage protocol). I didn't have any real problems. Macroses looked a bit clumsy, I hope they'll see some overhaul, but they did their work. Much better than cpp anyway. And I can say that it's just so easy to write code when you're 100% sure there are no problems with memory management. There are billion of other little things making life easier, but painless memory management is the big one. IMO it's not a talent. It's a result of thousands of hours of work. I learned programming at 12 years. I programmed a lot. I didn't have a computer and I was programming in sheets of paper (computer was in school and I didn't always had access to it). I wrote by own object-oriented GUI library in sheets of paper and that library was never written in computer but it was in my head and I learned a lot while thinking about it and its design. There was time when I was spending 10-12 hours programming or reading programming books. I wouldn't call myself talented programmer. I spent a lot of time to learn how to write good enough code and be productive. What I had is a passion to program. I never programmed because I had to force myself. I enjoyed it. It's a beautiful art. That beauty forced by to program. And I still find that beauty in programs. Unfortunately I don't know how to learn others to enjoy programming. I saw a lot of programmers and most of them didn't really like their job, they just did it because they went to CS faculty after school and programming is paid well enough. Swift uses the same terminology. Probably meaning of enum will include ADT. Many kinds of big data files used by customers do not require high speed or latency. Watching video is fine as long as disk read speed greater than video stream bitrate. Music does not require that either. When you download huge archive, you don't need high write speed, HDD write speed will be more than enough, it's probably higher than network speed anyway. Unless SSD will become better than HDD by all parameters, HDD's are very suitable as part of disk setup for anyone who need more than 200 GB data. And there are millions of people who don't use all that cloud things and prefer to download, store and watch/listen their content locally. Probably risks of data loss are underestimated by most people, so they don't use neither NAS neither RAID (I would be surprised if many people without solid technical background understand what RAID is). Disks are reliable enough so majority is not affected and if data is really important, it often could be restored for those who experienced data loss. For those who want to implement a VM as an exercise, I recommend to implement a simple JIT-compiler after that. You'll probably be impressed at performance improvements and it's funny exercise to do. I used GNU lightning to generate machine code. The real security audit should be done by hackers the same way browser and OS vendors do it. Vendor lists his website on some platform and specifies money he's willing to pay for found vulnerability. Hackers trying to find vulnerabilities. 3-rd party verifies vulnerability and ensures that hackers are paid. More money vendor offers for vulnerability — more hackers trying to crack his site — more confidence clients have. Why do you think Russia isn't capable to produce drones? Those who trust their governments already use government-issued money. Nothing will change. Bitcoin made for those who don't think that government should be able to control money. I wonder whether `let` should be used everywhere now making `var` effectively obsolete? Mixing both declaration styles looks bad. > Well, there are tons of different DRM algorithms, but none of them are backed by secure cryptography since you cannot logically restrict people from "saving" but not from "viewing" Actually you can, but this requires smart viewer. You sending encrypted data into viewer where data is decrypted. Secret keys storing inside viewer and retrieving them is hard task. Of course that requires DRM-enabled display, participating video card, drivers, etc. In my country there are phone plans where you specify few phone numbers (usually your wife or children) and have very low tariffs for calling those numbers. I wonder how "n exhaustive search has been carried out up to 3125 digits in base 5 and no solution exists in this range" was implemented? Obviously it's not a brute force solution. I used Rust and Swift languages a little bit and I must admit that I almost never had to use indexing for characters. Iterating and slicing is enough for most algorithms. Actually today it might be hard to understand what indexing is, even if you store your string in UCS-32 encoding. There are graphical symbols that may occupy variable number of UCS-32 items. And they are used out there (e.g. flags). What I am missing is some kind of service to convert between different types of regexes. Like Java, Intellij Idea Search&Replace, vim, less, grep, egrep, sed. There are subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) differences between them which I always forgetting and have to trial&error a bit. I wish there would be one single standard to regexes. Great tool but difficult to use because of many incompatible implementations. This contest is very prestigious in Russia and participants are spending a lot of time to prepare. Is it the same in other countries? Could you please describe how can I bind 2 different servers to the same IP with automatic request balancing (so when one server is down, another one will serve all requests)? I understand how to do it with another server with HAProxy, but your solution seems to be without HAProxy. parse.com is essentially the same thing and it seems that it's popular enough. Of course it has a lot of polish and additional services on top of KV store but it's core value is key-value store with REST API. The main problem is that a lot of characters in real world are from ASCII part. So for 24-bit 66% of memory space will be wasted. And it's bad not only because it uses RAM, HDD, bandwidth, but generally because it uses precious processor cache storage. reading or writing arr[i] will require 1 or 2 4-byte memory accesses (or 3 1-byte memory accesses) and few bit operations to construct result value, because generally processors can't access 24-bit value. That probably won't hurt performance a lot, but anyway it's much easier to work with 32-bit arrays. HTTP/2 does not allow communication from server to client. Server push is another matter, not really controlled by server or client. So you'll end up to polling server. This might be a bit more effective than HTTP/1 polling, but websockets will be better. How is it different from HTTP/1 with keep-alive connection? Consider running OS X as host OS and Linux as a guest OS in VirtualBox. Unless you are going to play games in Linux, you should have a good experience. I thought about creating an anonymous peer-to-peer network like BitMessage but over Twitter instead of over TCP/IP. The main benefit is that for the watching government hardware your traffic will flow to twitter, not to some suspicious computers. Of course if government can talk to Twitter, it might find out that activity, but not all governments can talk to Twitter. Another improvement might be not to send base64 abracadabra, but instead send some readable texts (autogenerated or fragments from wikipedia) and encode message as a slight deviations (typos, etc) using steganography. But it would require a lot of messages to transmit enough data. Because it leads to diversity and flaw in one algorithm won't affect the entire user base. Of course developer must provide only safe and well tested algorithms. There might be flaw in implementation. Those are much more likely. > As far as implementation bugs, supporting many options means more users will pick the wrong options, and the attack surface becomes larger so that the chance of implementation issues goes up. Application must prevent users from picking the wrong options. I use Spring and I'm not agree that it's a mess. It has a lot of functionality but good architecture allows to keep it under control and easily enhance when needed. Spring is one of the best open source frameworks I've ever seen. Another UNIX principle is that programs deal with text. PowerShell is huge violation of that principle. You can't easily write PowerShell command with C or Rust or Java, as far as I understand. Yet you can write command-line tool with any language and use it with combination of hundreds existing tools. Use a-z and compensate with 1-2 more characters. 12 character password is practically unbreakable. Make it 15 and sleep well. Unless you're dealing with stupid site that knows better how your password should look like. Then you're out of luck. JSON doesn't support behaviour (methods). They are very useful for composing programs IMO. As outlined in comment, Dell specifically refused to provide support for Apple OS X. I don't understand the reasoning to use proprietary system (which you can't modify) with unsupported hardware. It's not obvious who to blame in this situation. Apple is not obligated to provide support for every equipment combination out of there. Buy supported hardware or use Windows or use free operating system and write drivers for your hardware. This is unlikely. Apple's stance on this matter is to make a clear division between professional computer (OS X) and entertainment consumer devices (iPhone, iPad) and corresponding interfaces (touch vs pointer). I don't see this changing. They even afraid to make iFinder or iCloud Drive for iOS. > But how do I know if the maker of the app is sending my SSH credentials to his server or something? You have to ask the maker to open source his app and you have to check whether he built app from the same sources (probably with some repeatable build scheme). It's not something I ever saw, so you'll have some things to research, but it's not something impossible. > Does apple check that? Is the process how apple prevents this documented somewhere? They probably do have some kind of firewall monitoring network requests of the app when they check it. But of course they don't read sources, they don't reverse-engineer the app. So their abilities are pretty limited. You shouldn't trust that any app from the AppStore is guaranteed not to be harmful. iOS has a sandbox model which should limit app abilities to read data from other apps. But you shouldn't trust this sandbox model too. Every iOS version was jailbroken which means that crackers can find vulnerabilities to elevate privileges. Overall AppStore is safer than more liberal proprietary app sources. You are not likely to catch some wide-targeted malware there. But it's not a panacea. Because Google decided that the Android version must be coupled with the Linux version. And Linux is not able to run old drivers, so vendors must update drivers for old devices to new Linux version. So either Google should support old Linux kernels with new OS releases or Linux should provide stable kernel API (which is considered nonsense in Linux world) or some kind of compatibility layer. It's funny how much of Apple functionality is tightly coupled with US. In my city (capital of my country) Apple Maps are worthless, Siri suggestions are worthless, PayPass is worthless, Apple Pay is worthless, iTunes Movies are not available, Bookstore is not available. Now streaming will be worthless too, because mobile data plan for 1 GB per month costs more than this Apple Stream (though I might listen to it at home or at work, but I prefer to listen music in car or while walking, so it's less attractive). What? It means that anyone can download XCode, any app from github and run it on their devices? That's very nice. Re-signing could be done automatically when you plug your iDevice (unless TTL is really short like 1 hour). App ID, hash could be changed easily as well. You can try to create a new Apple ID while they fixing the bug. Recently there was a good discussion about difference between firmware and software/drivers: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9671025 Proprietary firmware is not a good thing, but it's not a very bad thing until we have open hardware, in my opinion. Why do they encrypt code segment? Signature is essential, of course, but encrypting looks unnecessary. I never run into backward compatibility issues with Java. What issues you are talking about? C does not have generics or templates so macroses are the only way to define data structures and algorithms over arbitrary types without repetition. Linux kernel uses macroses to define some data structures. Many other projects do the same. Whether that is normal or not, it's up to developer. It's possible to use as small subset of C++ as developer wants. E.g. use only templates. But staying in C realm might be better for portability. Millions of connections usually are websocket connections or HTTP keep-alive connections. In those cases there's no much traffic over those connections. Imagine game server for example. Latency is more important than bandwidth. 10 kbps is enough for many tasks. I may be old guy but I never get it. Why do I ever need all this virtualization stuff? I just buy a server, install CentOS, install postgresql, create another user, install java, download&unarchive tomcat and write some simple bash scripts. Voila. Everything works, everything is protected, performance is superb and I can do all that within one day. Good enough to serve few thousand requests per second. May be not enough for Facebook, of course. I usually have backups to a cloud, so thats's really not a problem. Websockets are for browser clients, there's no much choice there unfortunately. That's interesting. I'm the person who don't like external libraries and avoids using them unless they are really make me happy. Yet my last small project has 89 libraries in dependencies (including transitive). Is it small number? Ha-ha. I worked on a project where old WebSphere Portal took 30-60 minutes to start. And shutdown? Noone knows, admins just -KILL-ed it when they wanted to shutdown. You better write your code without bugs. Crazy stuff. 15 seconds? Enjoy that. Oh, and logs. Nobody knew what happens there. Some alien life chatting about something. May be A.I. was about to born there. Don't think about logs. Use your own files. And that thing actually worked and was useful to some people. Sending links to protected content is considered bad manners, even if only registration or login via Facebook required. I would ask that person to send me printed PDF copy of that article instead of link. That's a very interesting concept of a cross-platform self-unpacking archive. Unfortunately it requires the C compiler binary which is missing on the Windows platform out of the box. Perhaps some kind of tiny C compiler or interpreter windows binary might be bundled along for 99% compatibility. Solution for OS X: http://superuser.com/questions/468919/prevent-outgoing-traff... (I didn't try it, but it should work). Delphi was very popular in post-USSR countries. But very few people bought it. Probably 90% used illegal copies. I guess most people didn't even realize it, because they bought it on CD and paid $2 for it. You can use unique password stored in the protected system storage (like OS X Keychain) so at least user is protected from non-root users. What I absolutely hate is minute picker. 60 items is just too much to scroll. For most usages 5 minutes step is enough and 12 items much better. As for calendar, I never had any problems with it. Of course it's not standard way that most people get used to, but I think any person will understand what to do. I have user vbezhenar. I run browser under that user. I have system storage for sensitive data. Its data available only via API which checks permissions. E.g. only Chrome can access its data. Chrome must be able to read its cookies, so cookies file must be readable/writeable for user vbezhenar. And there are high chances that I'll run malware program under this user vbezhenar too, so it can read cookies file, but it won't be able to access encryption password. Works in Calendar but does not work in Alarm clock, so it's not a default behaviour and probably hard-coded into Calendar app. So you are saying it should be illegal for me to mute TV when ads are displayed? I must carefully listen to ads and periodically pass an exam to ensure that I indeed listened to them and not thought of other things. What a wonderful feature. For ad companies. You can't realistically audit binary blob. But you can audit source code. So if download is protected by the digital signature, it's OK. Don't run untrusted apps outside of virtual machines. Too bad that web taught us to trust the code we shouldn't trust. Noscript must be integrated in every browser and enabled by default. Sandboxing was and will be broken. Depends on country, I guess. In Kazakhstan I pay $10 taxes for my house per year and around $50 per month for all bills. Not that much. I don't think that production-quality codecs will be written in Rust. As far as I aware, codecs are usually very complex piece of software and employ a lot of hand-written assembly and very low-level C. Rust just doesn't offer anything valuable in this area. 21-st century slavery. Humanity never changes. It's obvious that it was planned from the beginning. It's not possible to do such decisions "on the fly" for Apple monster. There are billions of dollars involved in such a decision. Well played, Apple, I must admit. What I wonder is how do they prevent me from regging new account every 3 monthes? Why would I pay them a single cent if I can spend few minutes once a 3 months and listen to their library for free? http://rghost.net/6kDYqvpp9/image.png got backlink :) I remember Eclipse being forked a lot by various enterprise companies. I guess that's because it had very good extensible architecture. Many developers admitted it. May be Atom is in similar position? Today's fashion shifted from Java to JavaScript and tools are following. Processing power is not only frequency and memory. Different instruction sets might show drastically different performance. Processor cache might be higher on old computer (or might not, of course). Memory bandwidth or latency might differ too. I remember reading comparison between 1990 mainframe and current intel server. Mainframe has much higher memory bandwidth and performed much faster on tasks where processor cache was insufficient. I find a lot of similarities between Java and C++. Java is basically a subset of C++ with some sugar around. When I was learning Java, I just made a link between Java constructs and C++ constructs and that allowed me to learn Java in one day and start getting things done. Of course I took few years more to master Java, but that's another matter. So Java "reference" is C++ pointer without asterisks and ->. All java methods are virtual. Java interface is full-abstract class without fields (in Java 8 even not so full-abstract). Multiple inheritance only with interfaces. No generics (I learned Java 1.4), one common ancestor Object, friendly GC releasing you from the pain of memory management. Basically the only new concept is package. Otherwise it's stripped C++ with different runtime library. You can always declare something like: class MyClass_ { ... } typedef MyClass_ *MyClass; and you have identical "reference" semantics in C++. Of course you have to use `->` instead of `.`, but does it matter? In my opinion leap seconds shouldn't exist in software. Time should be continuous from some point of time (1970-01-01 works fine) and leap seconds should only account when software performs formatting (or parsing) of date-time. I still think that this complexity must stay where it matters and it must be removed from majority of software. There's a lot of broken code working (or not working) with timezones. Leap seconds are much more subtle thing that most of developers probably didn't even hear. Date/time infrastructure is complex enough and any simplifications will help. > * As you said, all Java classes inherit from a common type; java.lang.Object (Smalltalk). You can limit yourself in C++ to inherit your objects from a common type. I believe that Qt did just that, for example. So this is a subset of C++. > * Inner classes automatically have a reference to the containing class (not in C++, though Java "nested classes"[1] behave similar to C++ structs/classes). That's a good example of simple sugar. Inner class just have pointer to the outer class and constructor with this parameter. Java compiler emits this code automatically. Yes, there's no such thing in C++, but it's very simple to emulate. > * C++ has pass-by-reference semantics which is completely missing in Java. > * C++ supports destructors intrinsically. > * All definitions must exist within a type in Java. There is no concept of a "free standing" definition. > * Java does not support stack-based allocation except for built-in POD's. Yes, Java is subset of C++ in that regard. C++ has more features which were stripped out. > * java.lang.ClassLoader has no corresponding abstraction in C++. > * Java provides meta-objects by way of java.lang.Class for all classes (not present in C++). Actually those systems could be emulated more or less in C++. Windows does have COM (and there are a lot of less known, but similar systems) which allows to dynamically load classes with virtual methods, etc. Qt implements (with some preprocessor magic) reflection for C++. But generally yes, C++ does not have any kind of runtime reflection (except dynamic_cast) and dynamic code loading, I agree here. What I want to point out is, that those features are provided by JVM. Java as a language does not have anything related to reflection or class loading. So probably it's not fair to compare Java + JVM to C++. > As an aside, it has always cracked me up that a language touted as having no pointers has a "NullPointerException" class. (I am easily amused) That's very unfortunate mess of terms. Pointers should be pointers, even if there's no pointer arithmetic in the language. Now we have pointers, references, pass-by-reference and beginners having hard time to understand what that even mean. It's questionable what's better: simple type system without generics (Java 1.4, Go), something in between (Java 1.5) or something full-featured but hard to learn (Scala). Scala pretends to solve this problem by "layering" code. Complex types are for libraries and users should use libraries. But IMO it never worked. Problems arising, "users" have to debug into library code and they have to deal with full-featured types anyway. My only real wish in regard to Java 1.4 was that I would be able to implicitly cast Object to anything (like I can in Objective C). That would help to reduce type clutter a lot. It's questionable what's better: simple type system without generics (Java 1.4, Go), something in between (Java 1.5) or something full-featured but hard to learn (Scala). Scala pretends to solve this problem by "layering" code. Complex types are for libraries and users should use libraries. But IMO it never worked. Problems arising, "users" have to debug into library code and they have to deal with full-featured types anyway. My only real wish in regard to Java 1.4 was that I would be able to implicitly cast Object to anything (like I can in Objective C). That would help to reduce type clutter a lot. Free user can promote service with his friends, can blog about it, etc. Basically you are paying (usually) negligible cost of maintaining free account for some possible marketing. Whether it works or not is questionable, but obviously it does work in some areas. I don't understand his reasoning. What's wrong with registering systemd vendor? Does it put any obligations? It's just a DNS record. > We seem to have settled on the WIMP (windows, icons, menus, pointer) model, and there is very little real innovation in interface design anymore. It's an interesting exercise to compare this to the mobile platforms, e.g. iOS. Windows are gone. Icons are here. Menus are changed. Pointer is changed too (your finger is pointer, not an abstract arrow). Though on OS X desktop I don't see any innovations at all! May be I'm missing something? Windows, icons, menu, pointer, that's all. Probably gestures are an innovation, but it isn't used widely except in operating system windows manager and Safari. Can we think of a tabs as an innovation? I never really liked them, I believe that tabs could be replaced by better window management. It's something that tied to application now, but it should be tied to a window manager and probably in better ways. Desktop user interface is definitely stagnating, if we're talking about OS X. I don't know much about new Windows releases, but in Windows 7 it was the same story. For basic application there's no need for very deep knowledge of the platform, so you can find people who know iOS and Android equally well and just write two different apps. As Cordova might introduce more problems than advantages, writing two identical apps might actually be faster, if app is not that huge. And native fast responsive app with smooth animations might earn you more, than HTML container. I wrote a simple game using cordova and I won't do it again. HTML+CSS+JS just not suited for mobile app development (I didn't try react native, those guys might change the game). Either you use frameworks and everything is just bad or use vanilla JS and everything might work, but you have to write a lots of spaghetti-code and device support might be limited. The real unmatched benefit of using cordova (or any other webview) is the ability to deliver updates for your app without bothering with App Store moderation. #3: What about .com, .org, .name and many more domains? Who will control them? What I don't like is WebView distributed as a "native app". It's not native app and it's not something I want to install, don't cheat me. Webpages should stay in browser. I expect native app to be written with Objective C (OS X/iOS user here), having very low memory usage, fast startup and offline usage. Also I expect as much integration with the system, as possible, native controls (not that buggy emulation without my favorite emacs-like keybindings) and native behavior. Probably we miss an important piece of technology: installable web-apps. Website opened in the frameless browser window, identifiable as a different application which could be easily pinned to Launchpad. With all advantages that "separate webview" has, but with some important difference: sandboxing. So I can feel safe when I launch this application, because I don't need to trust all my files, passwords and system to another application. I've seen that kind of technology in the iOS: website bookmark could be pinned as a desktop icon, but it's just a bookmark. It's certainly not a bad thing, why do you think it might be? That's not worse than not caching at al. Hashing implementation usually is a black box. Actually simple if (h == 0) h = 0xdeadbeef would probably prevent that issue from happening (if that should be considered a real issue at all). Thanks, that's an interesting technology. Too bad that it's specific to Chrome and I can't expect any user to run Chrome or install Chrome. But that's a good direction, I only hope that major browser vendors will consider to adapt it or similar standard in the future. It shouldn't take too much resources to implement it, I suppose. One thing to note is login redirect. Please be sure that redirect parameter is local URI and don't redirect user to another site. Maybe even append HMAC signature to that parameter with user IP and timestamp. Might be an overkill, but still be careful with craftable redirects, they might become vulnerability one day. Hey, Windows! Format C colon slash y enter That was a joke many years ago. Not so joke today? > Actually couldn't you just tell siri to turn airplane mode off? Siri is a network service, it can't work locally. As far as I know, Siri uses Shazam to find music. Example from my life: "Siri, what song is it playing now?" "It's xxx". Then I got home, opened iTunes, found that song in my latest searches and bought that album. So clearly that's a moneymaker for iTunes, artist and they'll pay for that. May be Shazam has direct relations with major music brands who'll pay for each successful search. They might be afraid of sanctions from other countries. Russia should be able to self-sustain at least to certain degree (military, providing basic services to citizens). I tried to use annotation processors, but they were very IDE-unfriendly. According to the linked user guide it's better now. It's an interesting alternative to runtime bytecode generators or proxies. About #2: there are many internal changes even between minor releases and if you relying on those internals, your code is NOT portable. Why libraries need Unsafe, after all? What problems does it solve for them? Why those concurrent intrinsics are not available with "safe" code? They are not compatible with Java Memory Model? They are not implemented at some platforms? What's so unsafe about concurrent primitives? There is API in java.util.concurrent.atomic, for example. I understand that Unsafe is used for direct access to memory, but why this direct access is needed? May be there are other ways to solve those problems. Thеrе arе many cyrillic lеttеrs looking idеntically to latin lеttеrs. In previous sentence all "e" letters were cyrillic, for example. So probably the only sane way is to limit username characters to latin letters. Turing-complete machine running untrusted code is a nightmare for security. There always be bugs and exploits, it's just a matter of time and effort to find them. JavaScript enabled by default is already bad enough. We don't need Flash, Java, ActiveX or anything similar turned on by default. So it's a good move from security viewpoint. Less attack surface. Here's flashless street view from Yandex: https://maps.yandex.ru/-/CVcbFJYs I don't have much problems with Firefox, it seems to work smooth. May be it's Google's fault? HSTS subdomain tracking is probably the best method of tracking, because it works in private mode and there's no easy way to clear those "cookies". > what would you do with the GPS info? Using any offline navigator. May be stability is what Bitcoin need? Especially when many other currencies are jumping like a mad cows. Bitcoin attracts many people who don't really need or even understand bitcoin, they just want to play a casino game. They are not healthy for bitcoin. So there's absolutely no way to enable that on custom little VPS? You have to make an agreement with Apple for that? I guess that this is achieved using a server-side communication: the Fastmail server send the notification to the Apple servers and the Apple server sends the notification to the user's device. So wireshark probably won't help. > If they were devaluing their own currency, surely their trade partners would be concerned with dealing with them, unsure what their money would be worth a month from now. If I'm not mistaken, that's what futures in exchange markets are for. I installed OpenBSD at ramnode: mount ISO and use HTML5 VNC client to install the system. I don't really like preinstalled images, because I don't trust them. They usually tinker with network settings, sometimes with other things. I prefer official installer. What makes houses in developed countries so expensive? I live in Kazakhstan. I can buy some land near city, it would cost me $5-10k for 100 sq. meters of land. I can build my own house for $40-80k (including materials and workers). It might not be the huge house, but it will be fine to live in. Is land more expensive in developed countries? Are materials more expensive? Are workers more expensive? (probably all components are more expensive, but I still don't understand where those hundreds of thousands of dollars are coming from, those prices are just insane). You can always contact author and ask him for another license for your company. Qt works exactly like that, AFAIK: GPL for free projects and commercial license for nonfree projects. Cash might be outdated, but I don't like to give all my money to 3-rd party. I like Bitcoin idea: electronic currency, but I have full control over my money. Banks can play with bitcoin, providing their services and their pseudocurrency for microtransactions, but I always feel unsafe when I deposit more than $200. I today decided to try it on small project. I had a lot of class name clashes (wsimport from similar but different WSDLs). I had a nightmare in Java and Kotlin saved me, thanks to its smart import. Properties are much more readable than getters-setters. And there are a lot of sugar here and there, which makes programming more fun. I literally spent may be 5 minutes reading their site. The language is extremely small and intuitive to pick up, if you had some experience with Scala. IDE worked fine. I had few exceptions, but they didn't ruined anything. Refactorings worked. IDE support is very nice. > 64GB! Sixty-four! For a desktop/laptop architecture! At 64GB (GiB?) main memory we're getting to the point where you could copy the entire working set of the OS to memory from disk on boot and then simply save to disk periodically. So long as you have a battery/UPS that'd work. Is that a crazy? That would be very unreliable, would cause huge loading times, huge powerdown times. Also modern OS uses free memory as a disk cache, so you are already getting all speed benefits. So basically you might just do find / -type f -exec cat {} > /dev/null \; to fill your disk cache if you have enough memory. I guess that's their way to monetize Java. That's what I call a fat client :) Paradigm shift will occur, when we will deploy neuromechanisms allowing to directly interact with the brain. Pictures are more natural representation for our mind, so we probably will live in some super-unicode environment. No need to stick with ASCII, no need to encode "while" operator with those 5 latin letters, just some fun picture and that's all. Or may be block schemas will live again or modified block schemas. They are difficult to use with current input methods. Even with mouse it takes a lot of time to scroll and zoom big picture. And with neurointerface, when computer will show you exactly what you want in exactly millisecond you though about it, block schemas might be just perfect representation for imperative programming language. Classes might be represented in some kind of UML diagram or another similar approach. That would be really fun time to program. Wikipedia is not blocked in Russia AFAIK. There was threats from Roskomnadzor to block it, but they finally gave up. And it was specifically about russian wikipedia domain: http://ru.wikipedia.org I would love to browse proper internet described in this manifesto. Too bad that noone will listen to it, and many people are forced to disable JS, disable CSS, etc, just to be able to read articles without much annoyance. Many modern languages (Kotlin, Rust, Swift) handle this problem well. Though I'm not sure if that problem is really that huge. Bad code will break in many ways. And breaking on nulls usually isn't that dangerous, data isn't corrupted and stack is safe. There's another mistake of computer science in my opinion is inefficient array bounds checking and implicit integer overflow behavior. And those mistakes are more dangerous, they lead to data corruption and exploits. XML is uppercase but Http is not. That seems to be inconsistent, though in some coding standards that's a correct naming scheme: acronyms with length less that 4 are named in uppercase (XML, URL) and acronyms with length >= 4 are named as Http. Another example is HttpURLConnection class from the standard Java library. Better solution is to use signed software packages. Compromising website is more common than compromising developer private keys. Java is known to read /dev/random when dealing with SecureRandom class. In particular it might cause extremely slow starting time for Tomcat on fresh virtual machine. There's parameter "-Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom" and I always felt unsafe using it. Thanks to this article, now I won't regret it even theoretically. Fun thing is, if you pass "/dev/urandom" to this parameter, Java will read /dev/random anyway. May be that was a wise decision 20 years ago. You have to trust someone to build trusted chain. Trusted CA roots from SSL are good practical choice IMO. May be NSA or China government theoretically could crack that setup, but for other adversaries it would be much harder. I had the impression that React's primary audience is developers who want full control over resulting DOM. While custom components are possible, you are expected to write your HTML, not wire up things and be done. You might want to check more enterprisy frameworks like extjs. Apple tried to implement a garbage collector but they abandoned it later. May be they don't have good developers (but they got a lot of money so they probably can buy anyone) or reference counting isn't that bad in practice. That's very interesting. I wonder how those ARMs can deal with encryption (VPN). Also OpenBSD image or, better, ability to install anything from ISO would be very nice. Just imagine those changes in modern language. Breaking changes, oh my god, I have to rewrite my software, no way I'll ever use that language again. People were more patient at that time. > with modern VM technology it's (pattern visitor) way more innefficient than pattern matching Can someone explain that bit? Visitor pattern is 2 virtual calls. That should be very efficient. How pattern matching is more efficient? I used mydomain.com and namecheap.com. Both worked well. Namecheap has fancy looking front page and terrible looking control panel, but nothing really bad about it, it's usable. I'm heavy trackpad user (on macbook) and any browser except Safari is just terrible for me. Scrolling is terrible and laggy, random guestures I didn't want to issue, etc. And icloud tabs, reading list, etc are very handful, because sometimes I want to use iPad instead of computer. That's an interesting project! I always liked the simplicity of `java -jar` command. Instead of that simplicity, many project choose to roll huge startup bash+bat scripts or even worse, native launchers. Not everyone running Haswell. Would be interesting to compare this performance with other processors. For some reason AppStore has surprisingly low amount of free software. It's either free with ads, free with in-app purchases or paid. Or free software missing marketing and it's hard to find it in AppStore or popular ratings. Is there some compilation of free software links? Constructors have their problems. First: constructor calling is not readable because Java misses named parameters. It's fine when there are 2-3 dependencies, but not more. Second: circular dependency is not possible. So I prefer to use setter dependencies, as they don't have those problems. Another problem with struct approach is inconsistency. Sometimes you want a computed property and you use non-trivial getter. Sometimes you want to do some work in setter. And then client's code will look terrible: point.x * point.x + point.getY() * point.getY(). There are other problems: binary incompatibility; non-trivial refactoring when I need to introduce a getter or setter. Java really need lightweight property syntax which would solve all those problems. I don't understand why it isn't introduced yet.