Did anyone record the stream? I couldn't see it live. Did you find any links? Agreed. On the other hand, popularity of Chrome helps Mozilla not to relax and to push forward. I like Firefox for extreme customizability. Nothing matches that and Chrome is nowhere close to it. If you are interested in assisting an open source mobile project, why not to give a hand to Mer and Nemo Mobile? http://merproject.org/ http://wiki.merproject.org/wiki/Nemo It's good to be distanced from this kind of crowd ;) Microsoft using Ogg Theora? That's a breakthrough. In some ways it's better, in many others it's still the same (bad wise). They were rather chilled off about WebM, so I wouldn't expect them to be interested in Ogg Theora either. Here is one for Star Trek fans: play -c2 -n synth whitenoise band -n 100 24 band -n 300 100 gain +20 Anonymizer is your friend. Well, let's give him credit. That staffer was at least honest. These congressmen aren't stupid, they well know that they support censorship and that's what all these PIPA and SOPA are about - censorship. And the fact that they don't openly speak about it doesn't change the essence. But they are scared of publicity still. So thank you for publishing this encounter. It really needs a broader coverage. Yes, America can rightly be called corporate ruled for the most part. So he doesn't really care about average public. He cares about corporations and their money. Sure it's dangerous. For MPAA's intents to have low publicity for that bill that is. Posted workaround doesn't really work. The problem is not only DRM, but lock in into Apple. Using iTunes is not acceptable, it's not interoperable. All this are just dirty tactics from Apple to lock users into their iTunes infrastructure. One wouldn't be able to use those textbooks anywhere outside iTunes, therefore it's defective by design and authors shouldn't fall for it. What if someone doesn't want to use iPad? You can't make one tablet type mandatory to read a textbook. That's ridiculous. The problem is two fold here. Apple pushes lock in on authors and schools, which causes students lock in. It's a vicious cycle. Therefore I don't really get what is so exciting about it. Do you think someone here really considers vendor lock in a positive thing? Accessing physical textbook can't be mandatory, since you can get it in a number of ways (buy it, go to the library, borrow from your friend etc.). DRM locked in ebook is much worse. You are forced to get iTunes/Apple device to access it. You don't get it. Your choice is limited. With physical text book - you can get any of those choices, including buying the book. With DRM + vendor locked ebook you can't buy and use it if your device doesn't fit into the vendor's plan. We aren't in the stone age of computing anymore. Interoperability and open standards are intended to avoid exactly this problem. There is a key difference. Those limitations of the physical books which you mentioned are inherent in the book itself. I.e. there is no way to implement a downloadable physical book and etc. Limitations of the DRM / vendor locked in ebook aren't inherent, they are imposed by interest of the vendor (Apples interest in the market share for their devices in this case). I.e. there IS a way to implement ebooks in another fashion, which won't limit interoperability and will promote more choice. But Apple is knowingly pushing worse approach, that's why it should be criticized. Doesn't seem indifferent to me. Looks more like cognitive dissonance, when people just pretend that something they don't like to accept doesn't exist. And when you point out the exact problem they only get more upset. No, changing that option doesn't really affect anything. Depends on what you understand by "aggressive". Energetic, active, pushing for opportunities and so on? Or being cruel, damaging to others and not caring about side effects for the sake of the goal? No, opposite of passive is active. What does it have to do with aggressive? They can apply various methods, such as polygraph to determine whether she really forgot the key, and it won't be so easy for her to avoid revealing the real fact. Isn't it natural to ask, if something is wrong with technology which needs to be broken to make it work? More important is a battle of open vs closed, DRM and control encumbered vs free. Both MS and Apple are on the dark side of this, so watching the Apple win isn't something that society will benefit from. Yes, I find it strange, that when it comes to Apple, some people who are reasonable otherwise simply stop thinking rationally, and don't hear any real arguments. So it really can be a waste of time trying to reason with such kind of people. Those who promote open standards, free software and don't disseminate DRM. Probably you can add to the list those who are against software patents too. Unsurprisingly Apple gets a minus on every of those points. Yep, it's ironic how things changed. The big brother in that clip is exactly Apple today. Someone even made a parody: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdVzboF2E2Q Agreed. For example ban on competing browsers embedded in the iOS SDK is simply a monopoly protection, and has nothing to do with customers' interests. I wonder who downvoted this one. Any reasoning please? Or it's just an effort to downvote any critique addressed towards Apple? By this logic any browser should be banned from the system, including their own, since their sandboxes have vulnerabilities as well. So I'm not buying this argument. Using security arguments to hide anti competitive intentions just doesn't cut it. The last time I checked their SDK license, it let you use their JavaScript VM for the dynamic code (unless this changed recently): ===> 3.3.2 An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means, including without limitation through the use of a plug-in architecture, calling other frameworks, other APIs or otherwise. No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple's Published APIs and builtin interpreter(s). So the argument that they ban any interpreted code is hypocritical. They ban competing browsers through banning JavaScript VMs. Great, so they just know that there are more vulnerabilities in their own optimized engine, still they use it in their own browser. At the same time they ban anything else on the system, claiming that it promotes security. Doesn't sound convincing to me at all. Meaning, that if I, as user will find a more secure browser - I won't be able to use it, since it's banned on pretense that it'll compromise security (hypothetically, not that I use iOS as a user anyway). If I guess correctly, the question above was intending to ask which companies fall under that category. So there are a bunch who promote all or some of those values (my favorite being Mozilla for example). In general open source related companies promote open standards and stand up against software patents and DRM. (On a side note, Apple didn't say anything on the latest development around SOPA/PIPA, simply because Apple is strongly pro DRM and they would probably support these kind of laws willingly). DRM doesn't only apply to the media content, but to software and operating systems as well. While SOPA is mostly associated with media, DRM in essence is a broader issue. I look at simple facts. Firstly, Firefox or any other browser which uses its own JavaScript engine can't be ported to iOS due to license ban. You don't consider it uncompetitive behavior given that browsers are a very competitive field in general? Well, I do. Secondly, Apple of course can argue that it's not a monopolistic thing in the global sense, since there are non Apple OSes around which don't enforce draconian restrictions. And it most probably can even work in court, to dodge possible antitrust inquires. Yet, it wasn't all that so good for Apple, and they removed some restrictions from their SDK to avoid some of these problems (it's slightly better now). I'm sure their lawyers are trying to find the edge there. If you don't like the term "monopolistic practice" because of those nuances, you can call it anticompetitive practice, fine with me. "Clearly" claim isn't convincing here. Apple says those bans are in consumers interest. Others say they are really in Apple's interest. You can probably find arguments for both. I personally see it as a second case, because it's against me as a consumer who wants to use other browsers for example. It's based om Mer Core: http://merproject.org It's running on the Mer Core http://merproject.org and I wonder why developers aren't given credit for in in the article. Mer can run on Wayland as well, as soon as there will be drivers for the given GPU. I'm somewhat curious what does all this have to do with the word "hacker" which denotes kind of approach to life really, in a way of "hacking" it. This seems to be a common tactic of the shady backers of the global censorship. They gain support for their dark laws by obscuring real intentions and fooling politicians into blindly supporting them. True, there are those who understand the real picture, and support nevertheless. But there are also those who are simply not responsible enough to understand clearly what they support. And they are exploited by the real culprits who fight against freedom. That's why they are so scared of publicity and push hard to pass this laws in secret. They know that public review will quickly reveal their evil intentions. DRM shouldn't be promoted, period. No luck. Just don't use iOS. Firefox moved to native UI on Android, which made it faster. The minus is obviously need for add-on developers to work with native UI too. That's not very precise. Legally, Apple doesn't allow to use iOS SDK , i.e. to build such applications. If you manage somehow to build it any other way (not using Apple's SDK), this restriction has no meaning, and while Apple could reject such kind of software from their app store, you could deploy it to alternatives, like Cydia, and still be legal, since you didn't violate any licenses. I.e. for browsers makers the concern is not that they'll be rejected from the app store, but that they can't even legally build them with the Apple's SDK. And that's bad, since it promotes bad coding practices. Also, WebKit is far from being uniform, and differs from one flavor to another. The rule above is not from the App Store guidelines, but from the SDK license. I.e. even if you use alternative app store without restrictions (Cydia), but build a browser with Apple iOS SDK - it's still illegal, and that's why major browsers like Firefox wouldn't do it. Any factual statistics for that? I'd say it's a very ugly practice, to use development tools license to ban competition. It's like saying buying this chisel you are bound to only carve logos of the chisel making company. It's still not nobody. And having Firefox playing a significant role will prevent situation which existed in the past where many sites were "IE only". We don't need "WebKit only" sites. There are enough WebKit browsers specific things which are not standard to make "WebKit only" situation a problem. In general, well balanced browsers representation makes web developers think better and be more responsible. Nice work. Awesome!-) The only unfortunate thing is the sole focus on the native Android UI now, due to limited resources. Conventional mobile Linux which has to use XUL based mobile UI is treated as barely supported because of that. Did Chrome ever use anything like pdf.js? In KDE at least, KParts Firefox plugin does a very good job for PDF viewing, using Okular. Desktop UI toolkits improve and there are lot's of innovative ideas there. Qt is a major example. Because they have no idea about C++11? Usually those who treat it this way obviously don't know C++. > starts asking about how sizeof works on pointers > to member functions or when "inline virtual" does > and does not inline something. You really had such kind of interview encounters? It's just weird. It's just better to void pointer declarations like: int* a, b, c; Just use: int* a; int* b; int* c; The type is really int* but C legacy treats b and c as int in int* a, b, c; Definitely a sign that Yahoo stopped getting profit from doing anything useful, since they fell so low as to use software patents litigations for their income. Apple and Microsoft are notorious software patent aggressors who consider patent protection racket an acceptable "business practice". Google on the other hand tries to avoid anything of that sort, and uses patents only for defense against patent aggressors. At least Google used to up until latest Motorola acquisition which mixed their policy up. Didn't really look into what Samsung is doing in detail, but they usually just fight back (for example to Apple) as defense, and don't act as aggressors. Yahoo didn't engage in software patent aggression before. So whatever the case, acting as a software patent aggressor shows deterioration of company ethics and usually signals that they can't compete on merit. To fix this problem, software patents need to be abolished as a practice damaging for society and innovation. While they exists, they'll be abused by trolls. That's true. In some cases this happens, for example members of OIN have legal obligations not to use patents against each other at least. But I'm not sure there is any company that took a solid legal obligation not to be a patent aggressor in general. Not really. Those who act unethically bear the responsibility, and saying that since system is broken it's OK to abuse it just doesn't cut it. With that said, of course the system needs to be blamed (and changed) as well. No, no one forces them to play it. The fact that they play it is a good reason to disrespect them already. Seriously, isn't it obvious? Look at the purpose of the patent law. It's supposed to promote innovation for the benefit of the society, or how it formally sounds: "to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries". Software patents do exactly the opposite. They not only don't promote any innovation or progress, they stifle it. Something of that sort. You can also structure it as: - Knowledge and progress are beneficial for the society. - Inventions and discoveries promote knowledge and progress. - Patents are supposed to encourage inventors to publish their work thus helping the promotion of the above. - If applied badly, patents can be misused to serve totally different goals (like monopolizing the technology or knowledge), hurting the society in result. So the system needs to avoid that. Software patents are the perfect example of the case where the original goal is reversed. I.e. by the nature of the software, patents only hinder innovation. So they should not be applied to software at all. And that's why I called it unethical, rather than illegal. Patent aggressors might appeal that their actions are legal (within the current broken system), but since they have negative impact on the society and serve totally the opposite goal, they are unethical. He does. Learn more about his biography and his interest in mysticism and philosophy: http://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Logic-John-L-Casti/dp/07382... Diaspora* (decentralized social network) is intended to be a free service, not using users' identity as a merchandise. So while in general "free" services aren't really free, there are free ones as well. > you need the opposite temperament: a hunger for money. Wrong. It's easily leads one to make money a self goal, which a grave pitfall. Since it's not mentioned - assume nothing is encrypted and avoid using it unless you encrypt data on your own accord. On the contrary, I see a constant influx of new users joining, and lot's of active very interesting topics. Diaspora can be an interesting place, or look like a stagnated wasteland depending on how you use it, and your skill in applying hashtags. That depends on your contacts. I use just Diaspora, and not Facebook or Google+. If you don't know how to pronounce something - you can fetch a dictionary and look it up: http://www.howjsay.com Do you trust G+ enough for that? It doesn't encrypt your data. It shouldn't be a business. It should be a sustainable project. The moment you make it a business, it looses its core value - "by users, for users". That said, the project needs to sustain development and growth of course. The difference is in the goal. Business' goal is to make money, and it's driven by for profit reasons. Such kind of project's goal should be to make a good (user oriented, privacy protecting and so on) social network, and it should be driven by that reason. > If I were Microsoft, I would hold my ground. You mean to justify such kind of crooked behavior? On grounds that Apple bans any non Apple interpreter (which downloads code from the net) to be compiled with iOS SDK. I.e. any JavaScript engine including. It's a pure form of anticompetitive censorship. Most people don't get the idea that Diaspora has lot's of available servers, and some of them can be filled up (thus you'll have to wait if you want to join those). But no one stops you from joining others which have spare capacity. That's the point of Diaspora - it's decentralized. See: https://github.com/diaspora/diaspora/wiki/Community-supporte... They use Ogg Theora. Pleasantly - no Flash. It's like giving up on something that's released for pre alpha testing :) The point is not to "give up" on it, but to test and to file bugs. Security is much better now. What's wrong with Ruby? It's a great language. > You must log in to see this page. Fail. I'd say disallowing them is may be too harsh, but posting them is simply impolite and users should avoid doing that. I'm not a FB user and these kind of links just waste my time. Those who want to monetize on the social networks *(the way FB does it) are in the wrong. Growing privacy disrespect will backfire on them soon enough. When did you last test it? Firefox performance surpasses Chrome in memory management and optimizations IMO. Give a try to both and compare. Since you were resolute enough to make a switch out of performance concerns, you can as well switch again ;) Personally I never found Firefox to be performing bad enough to switch, even though Chrome could be better some time ago. I'd phrase it differently. It'll collapse because it blatantly disrespects users' privacy. Apple claims that pushing a DRMed single vendor solution (basically intending the industry lock-in) is not anti-competitive? Whom are they trying to fool? > To fight the money game you need extremely deep pockets. Not really. You just need different kind of priorities. For example Diaspora challenges Facebook on the grounds where FB is the weakest - privacy. Facebook can't compete on privacy no matter how hard they try (and they simply won't even try since the whole FB is built on selling off privacy). The whole approach of Facebook at its core is a disdain for the users, because Facebook profits from users' profiles. They can argue that users are willing to trade off their privacy for the "free" service, but it's just a sneaky way to get users information to monetize on. Given that, why do you think they should have more respect in other kind of interactions? Yes, we agree. Really Facebook is not fitting to be a social network, but at the same time it has such a huge number of users at the moment. Hopefully real social networks like Diaspora which are built for social interactions and not for ripping users off on their privacy, will eventually gain more traction. Commented there. Probably. Because you want to support those who produce the content, if you like using it. Not supporting them while using their creation is sheer disrespect, regardless whether piracy is illegal or not. Exactly. Eventually they'll learn, but it takes them a long time. Just a thought. If you consider the site as kind of a model and example for films distribution, why can't you add a [Donate] button, and direct all the funds to the corresponding companies who produced the movies? They might even get a better idea that convenient service without any DRM junk brings them revenue. Without such option the site is questionable. The problem of Valve is their usage of DRM. I won't use them just because of that, whether they release Linux client or not. I.e. it's better to run a non DRM-ed Windows game (let's say from GOG) on Linux using Wine, rather than native one from Valve but with DRM. But their entering to the Linux scene in general is good, since it might encourage others to do it as well, and eventually non DRMed distributors like GOG will push for more Linux games too. Well, first part is possible to resolve (but requires effort to find out who's the owner, yes). Second part can be resolved if you technically build the transparency system. I.e. those who pay will have a tracking mechanism for the transaction and would be able to confirm that their money aren't used by you. But in general I agree, it's more of a wishful thinking, in practice it requires effort. But you went so far as to make the site which offers a way to get the content completely for free. It would be fair to put at least some effort for enabling the backwards flow. If you are scared of being shut down, why not being scared of acting without respect to the creators of the movies? Linking to DRMed channels kind of defeats the purpose, since you are promoting a DRM free way. But you get all the DRM junk. Better to deal with chmod +x than with DRM restrictions. Contrary to popular belief, not using DRM really shows respect by game creators for their users. I simply won't buy any DRMed game. Luckily some publishers like GOG emerged, who promote DRM free games, and have such major contributors like CD Projekt Red who aren't scared to show respect for their users by selling DRM free games. They (CD Projekt Red) managed not only to pay salaries and improve their products, but also attracted a lot of potential customers for their future titles. GOG is behind in providing Linux versions yet, but I'd rather get DRM free game to run under Wine, than DRMed native one. I liked Humble Indie Bundles precisely for their DRM free Linux releases. Other good DRM free source is GOG (though requiring Wine). Steam is of no interest to me because of DRM promotion. It's a choice the company has to make. You can see DRM free releases being successful, so those who stick with DRM need to be discouraged. There is a positive side of Valve's interest in Linux though. It'll encourage others to pay more attention to Linux, and eventually more DRM free games will be available too. If you mean there is some convenience - why do you need the overhead? Just install the game without any extra client which restricts you. It's a case study for DRMed approach, which isn't the way to go. For example requiring one to connect to their server prior to playing (implicit requirement of having an Internet connection) is a ridiculous restriction. DRM needs to be discouraged by its definition IMO. I was saying above, that if that raises an objection that making a financially successful game without DRM isn't possible, then such objection is not true. Or if you want to phrase it in a positive way - those who don't use DRM need to be encouraged. Yes, it's their (game creators') choice but offered as an option by the distributor (Valve). I'm simply not interested in encouraging such kind of behavior. Those who have a stronger stance on DRM free releases deserve more attention. Your choice matters. In this case I'd call it "vote with your wallet". Preferring non DRMed games shows support for their developers, as simple as that. The argument "since most don't care - you shouldn't either" is flawed. If you are sure something is right - it doesn't matter how many care to do what's right. > Video games are a billion dollar industry, but non-DRM'd games are not. It only should increase the incentive to avoid buying DRMed games, and specifically support those who aren't scared to release theirs DRM free. For example look at the latest Humble Indie Bundle. Linux users pay highest average for the set. It shows that they encourage developers to produce Linux games more than users of other OSes (obviously since Linux games scene is lacking). You can argue, that Linux games market is miniscule, and if so, why even bother to send your message in such form? But you still see people showing appreciation, and developers can take note of this. Surely, I'm not interested in buying CDs and punching in codes :) I prefer to download a purchased game, install it, and run without any DRM. DRM free core dumps surely should be more fun than DRMed ones. ;) But seriously, having or not having DRM is not really directly related to how often it will crash. I think your argument can be rephrased in a way, that multilayer games require third party arbiters (server admins, GMs and so on), who should be able to ban violators of game rules, reconcile conflicts and so on. I fully agree, but I don't see why it should be equated with using DRM for the actual software. And to single player games this issue doesn't apply at all. I still think using any kind of DRM is an unethical overkill for controlling the MMO..G and the like. Firstly, the game can be designed better avoid (some) exploits. Secondly automated mechanisms can be built on the server side to prevent cheating (monitoring unnatural stats boosting, unrealistic mods and so on). I agree, that it's not easy to do it manually. So, write server side protection code for that. It's not DRM, and not some kind of client targeted kill switch. If the user is caught - ban will follow. Let them register again, and get another ban if they want to waste their time. And if that cheating is so hidden that it's not even unnatural IG - who cares (i.e. it's still not fair, but at least such user doesn't have big impact). From the player perspective, I'd choose a multiplayer game based on the community. Sometimes community can identify cheating just by observing something unnatural, and those users will quickly be boycotted. So GMs are needed to intervene when human decision is necessary. They not necessarily have to detect the issue themselves first. Thanks for the information, I didn't know they are the owners. That's even better, it shows how a serious and successful games production company can promote DRM free approach. They used to rely on DRM before, but I guess they reconsidered at some point, and turned it completely around. Thanks! That's useful. Did HBO ever consider asking some fixed price per simple download? No streaming, no complicated subscription services. Just payments per files. There can't be any logical reason not to offer it, if it's so widely pirated already. They can only convince some of those who pirate not to do it, if they provide the same level of simplicity and convenience. In any case, it can't make it any worse for them, than it is now. It can probably only make it better. I'm not sure exactly what you are trying to compare. Rather try to compare those who simply pirate the stuff as soon as it's out with anything of the above. I think if they'd offer something around $2-$3 per episode right away (without any iTunes), they could gain more from those who don't pay anything to them now. Here is a good interview with Marcin Iwinski (CEO of CD Projekt Red) about DRM: http://www.forbes.com/sites/danielnyegriffiths/2012/05/18/th... Not right away, and not without DRM (i.e. as a portable file). So it can't compete with pirated copies that way. What hypocrites. They don't want to return the data, don't want to be sued at the same time, and even try to redirect the claim to those who can't return it. Are they just dumb, or utterly cynical to the point of mocking the public? They need to put presser on Newegg managers. It's simply ridiculous. You miss the main point, that software shouldn't be patentable in the first place. Software patents can't possibly serve any positive purpose. They'll probably charge 100% tax for IE6. http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/~blizzard/weblog-videos/2010-03-26... Mostly political reasons it seems. Java was always encumbered with patents and licensing restrictions especially for mobile usage, which came out the ugly way as we know with the latest Oracle's lawsuit. Even though Oracle didn't succeed, but nevertheless there was always a risk. I guess Microsoft didn't want to depend on that, but on the other hand wanted to leverage familiarity with Java to lure Java developers into using C#. Rather boring and uninspiring move (creating a close clone), but Sun can be partially blamed for not making Java truly free (like C++ for example). Facebook is defective by design as a social network. It's for profit driven, privacy abusing and etc. and etc. It's a pity that it became a virtual monopoly. Same bad as happened with Windows on the desktop. If company behaves indecently (like Apple does) it deserves to be boycotted. The fact that it's influential is even a bigger reason to boycott it. Influential crooks are more dangerous. If the patent system is so broken that it's abused by all kind of trolls (including Apple), do you think courts can fix it? Only patent reform can change something. And meanwhile, boycotting works too. Courts don't create laws, they interpret and apply them. Laws are created by the legislative power (i.e. congress). Courts is the judicial power. I.e. to fix this mess, legislative power needs to reform the patent law. Here is a proposal: https://defendinnovation.org How is it irrelevant? Consumers should not support companies which engage in crooked anticompetitive behavior. Our choices should be based on something more than how they treat consumers. It's like "blood diamonds". They might be all nice and sparkling, but really stained in blood. Do you think it's enough to look just at the external value? It's not enough. It's good to vote with your wallet, boycotting companies which engage in unethical business practices. I'm surprised they don't attempt to patent Von Neumann architecture, or even the concept of algorithm itself. > The fact is that the patent office is basically rubber stamping most patents and relying on patent invalidation processes within the legal system to resolve issues. Which is expensive. It should work other way around. Those who file such patents need to spend money to prove that this stuff is really innovative and for some real experts. Current patents system is pure farce. It's offensive enough to show disrespect towards unethical business practices in which Apple engages (such as abusing patent law for anticompetitive purposes). > Our choices should always be about how companies treat people That's correct. That's why companies which promote lock in, stifle innovation with software patents abuse, and etc. cause damage to society. I.e. they treat people badly, for the sake of their profit. > Samsung is not excluded from the list and one of the reasons that this thread exist. I'm not following every single example, but when did Samsung exactly act as patent aggressor? Most cases that come to mind were in defense to others aggressive patent threats (namely Apple's). Apple doesn't hesitate to act as patent aggressor on the other hand. There is a difference between defensive attack, and outright aggression. It's still using Android graphics stack, so it's not that exciting. Tizen at least uses X.org with plans to use Wayland which is the way forward. I hope Mozilla will find vendors to use Wayland for B2G as well. I.e. Android graphics stack (when it's the only option) prevents device from being hackable, i.e. for porting other distros on it (Mer/PlasmaActive, Nemo etc.). Tizen devices with X.org/Wayland drivers will be better in that regard. I'm not saying that what they did isn't useful at all. I said it's not exciting, since these upcoming devices will be again Android (compatible) only. Rather boring, but it's not Mozilla's fault, but manufacturers'. They don't produce open specs for their hardware, and don't provide X.org/Wayland drivers either. There is no need for specific port. Just minor modifications in B2G in order not to depend on any Android infrastructure. It's mostly OpenGL ES dependent: https://wiki.mozilla.org/B2G/Architecture#Gecko:_Graphics Just instead of any Android layers, it'll use OpenGL ES provided with Wayland stack. I was asking, commenting on what jaebrown said earlier, quote: this is business and we people should just let it play itself out in court. So I asked: do you think courts (alone) can fix it? I.e. really courts won't help, until the law is fixed. New or next. Same thing in new package. Microsoft is a proprietary dinosaur of the previous era, which doesn't realize its time is slowly running out. Switch to social networks which respect users' privacy. For example to Diaspora. Facebook and Google+ can't be "fixed" in that regard. Just avoid using them if you care. That's why normal social network should not have profit goals which exploit users' privacy. It should serve the purpose of social interactions, and not the goal of profiting on users' profiles sold to third parties. I was primarily referring to the drivers architecture (which is incompatible and useless for X.org and Wayland). I mean in practice, Firefox OS targeted devices won't have X.org/Wayland GPU drivers, only Android ones. It's not important for immediate goals of Mozilla, since squeezing regular Linux graphic drivers from vendors is a horror. But it doesn't help other distros (like Mer/PlasmaActive and etc.), if they decide to make ports to these devices. It may be not Mozilla's primary goal to promote conventional mobile Linux, but in practice these devices won't help that cause (at least for now), so I feel like they won't be enough of "open devices" in that sense. On the other hand, if X.org/Wayland based devices will appear (like upcoming Mer/Vivaldi tablet), Mozilla can enable B2G to run on them as well, since they'll provide sufficient support for OpenGL ES. Nokia can't. They contributed to Meego (which is inherited in Mer) under the terms of GPL. All they can do is to bite their elbows now for ditching Meego. I didn't really get why he proposed to call it Chubb crater. Chubb didn't discover it or anything. Did they avoid using bats for copyright reasons?-) Cat doesn't cut it as much as bat I guess. Luckily it's going to be W3C standard, and Apple and MS won't be able to use their lame excuses to avoid implementing it in their browsers, like they did for Vorbis, VP8 and etc. Because it'll show that they aren't supportive of Web standards and they'll look like complete fools - bad PR for them. That's why they were sabotaging any attempts to make other open codecs (like VP8) an official standard for HTML5 video. It's much harder for them to explain why they oppose official Web standards, than just to say they aren't supporting one of the optional codecs. Why not. They might propose using VP8 combined with Opus (not sure how it'll be called) for video. The problem however is in the same lack of support, since VP8 is still boycotted by Apple and MS so far. The bottom line - do your math and avoid lock-ins like CDMA. For example N900/N9 users in US always used prepaid plans, since those devices were never subsidized in States. And it does come out cheaper overall. The main reason why providers try to underplay non contract plan is the lock-in. They don't want users to switch easily, which is possible with GSM devices and non contract plans. Many prepaid plans don't offer any handsets. You need to bring your own and just buy a SIM card. The whole practice of capping the bandwidth is rather crooked, but it exits all the same even on the contract plans. One piece from there is especially notable: Microsoft notes that It must also be flexible: there should also be no fixed ties to specific codecs, media formats or other scenarios. The story is strangely familiar to video/audio tag mess. Avoiding specification of required codecs will give companies like MS and Apple their regular excuse to ignore open codecs. I think W3C needs to dodge this sneaky trick and put Opus in the standard explicitly. Nothing prevents extending WebRTC with more codecs beyond the required standard minimum, but enforcing the least common denominator is a must, to avoid the repeating of complete failure of ubiquitous video/audio tag. And that standard choice should be an open royalty free codec. Design looks somewhat "tabletized" with oversized controls intended making usage of capacitive touchscreens easier. Desktop version of the site doesn't need such oversized controls - they don't look pretty and unnecessary eat useful space. It's nicely done though for the mobile optimized version. It's hard to comprehend how can anyone take Nathan Myhrvold's statements as serious. His whole business is built on the patent racket. Intellectual Ventures produce nothing, help nothing, and do nothing, except filling Nathan Myhrvold pockets. Well, they also serve as lackeys to Apple and Microsoft in their patent wars against competitors, but that just only makes them worse anyway. There is a reason why they are doing this. MS and Apple want to get away from the MAD patent balance, so trolls are eager to help: http://www.project-disco.org/intellectual-property/loose-nuk... They surely plan to lock the industry into their new closed codec for another long time, since patents on H.264 will eventually expire. Will anyone come out with improved open codecs to counter that for the sake of open Web? They don't want you to get along with H.264 just fine when H.264 patents will expire. That's why they are pushing for renewed codec. And the only way such thing can become free, is if someone would buy all patents on it (like Google did for VP8 with On2), and release the codec as free. But unlike the story with On2, with so many parties involved in MPEG-LA it's simply impossible. It's their perpetual cash cow, and they want to keep it that way, while it goes against the interests of the open Web. Bandwidth is still far from perfect in many cases (especially on mobile). So it matters a lot. I was referring to the MPEG-LA (the patent related entity) not to the ISO working group. The new spec is coming from the technical participants, whose patents are managed by MPEG-LA. The patents of the resulting codec will be obviously managed by MPEG-LA as before, and they don't want the situation when H.264 patents will expire and the industry would get away from the lock in into their closed codec. They want the closed part to persist. The intentions of improving technical side of the codec are also there, but it comes along with expanding the time of the patent grip on the whole thing. You can take a look at http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/AVC/Pages/PatentList.asp... It mentions which ones are expired, but it doesn't say how much longer the remaining ones will be valid. They should better focus on cleaning up D* code, solid federation and security (such as end to end encryption and etc.). Flashy UI is really secondary. Lot's of people feel that D* is unpolished and lacks advertised features like moving from pod to pod, real solid federation and so on. D* developers said they didn't abandon those, but they surely look distracted with too much UI stuff in Mark. The problem is, with these perpetual upgrades (which undoubtedly will be patented from the the present time) they want to stretch it well beyond 15 years. Luckily H.264 is not a standard in any way, since W3C removed any specific codecs from the video/audio tag spec. In general yes, but in D* case the team is so small, that core devs do all work including UI and backend. Unless I misunderstood their situation. The problem is not in low value of memes creation. It may be useful and interesting for someone (and useless and not interesting for others). The problem is in the limited resources of the Diaspora team, which are scattered on another project now, leaving Diaspora underdeveloped. There is some talk that it's really for the sake of Diaspora architectural redesign, which will lead to improving federation and etc, but I'm not convinced yet, since now Makr is positioned as a "service" which drags in support and etc. reducing resources available for Diaspora even more. So you can understand why many people who support the Diaspora project are seriously upset about it. Well, they can probably do whatever they want with new projects, but if they decided to slow down Diaspora development, they had to reach out to the community with explicit statement that they are changing focus now. This never happened, on the contrary D* team said that they aren't dropping D* (however they didn't clarify if they slow down D* development). And it's not about demanding new features - the most core advertised features which were intended for Diaspora from the beginning aren't complete yet. I'm not sure if they wanted to turn it into "for profit" thing. It's a FOSS project, not a for profit venture. Though the project needs to be sustainable of course. That's simple. Dip and fountain pens allow you to create lines of different thickness, which can result in interesting calligraphy. It's simply impossible with ball pens which produce constant thickness lines. Great news. No, privacy is really required for something that aims to compete with Facebook, simply because Facebook can't compete on privacy. I'm not sure if I understood the question, but if you mean how user control is related to the decentralized structure, then the answer is in the question. Decentralization essentially prevents one entity from being in control, and in edge case control is given to a user who runs a personal pod for single Diaspora account. I think encryption is good to have and D* devs had it in some further plans. But it's probably not the first priority, until federation protocol is rock solid. Linux by no means should be limited to power users. It should be (and is) a universal OS. Ask Mozilla how they manage to distribute their tarballs which work on all major distros. No Android please! Linux desktop is shifting from X.org to Wayland, and Wayland is making inroads into mobile as well. Android is really a completely side thing for conventional Linux. His answer about Internet freedom was not to the point, sounded more like standard blank political talk without essence. And why not? Tell me that. C++ is a widely used industrial language. The problem with Android is its diverging from the Linux desktop path (i.e. X11->Wayland). Being completely incompatible put Android apart and it arguably can't be called a Linux desktop at all. The split it caused in the mobile devices (with no drivers available except for Android) is a horror, and like Aaron Seigo called it - Android is the best friend and the worst enemy . The real future of the Linux desktop and mobile is Wayland, and Android it seems will stay apart forever, going its own path. That's not the point (many of the mobile devices already have a USB and HDMI). The point is - Android incompatible architecture put it apart from the rest of the Linux world. And it's a horror to squeeze X.org or Wayland drivers (as well as other Linux drivers) from the mobile manufacturers, when they say "we are too busy with Android". Users like what's comfortable and functional to use. But those who create it - are developers. Regular mobile Linux has hard time presenting existing software solutions to the user because of the hardware barrier reason. And not because they are in any way inferior to the Android user experience (if anything - they are superior). I.e. there are practically no manufacturers which provide closed Linux drivers or open specs (so open source drivers could be created). They mostly only care to provide Android drivers. Hopefully Jolla and Plasma Active will help to break through somehow. This situation is caused by Android's historic roots, since it started as a proprietary project, and didn't take in account any interests of the Linux community. The fact that it was open sourced later didn't really change anything - it's de facto completely separate from the Linux desktop as well as from the mobile Linux varieties which share the effort with the desktop distros. Wayland was created with collaboration in mind. Android architecture - was not. It's not that it "can't". It's just that would be bad for Linux even more. Do you want the sick situation with mobile drivers to spread to desktop as well? No, thanks. Also, Android is rather narrow in its capabilities comparing to normative Linux. No need to cripple the desktop like that. It's going to be other way around - normative Linux will start competing with Android in the mobile sphere. Mac OSX is paired with limited hardware choice which is far from best. With Linux you can build any system you want up to very high end computers. It's unmatched in flexibility. Yeah, he avoided the killer question which busts his logic. Then why didn't the judge ask it? Nokia's giving away Qt was the final sign of their move towards the road of no return. It was good for Qt though, since Nokia has no interest in it anymore and could only hinder any progress. Nokia is history now. Why make it particularly SIP and not for example Jingle based? And there is no need to build anything. Just use regular XMPP servers infrastructure. Security can be achieved with ZRTP and OTR, though current implementation of secure XMPP/Jingle clients is still lacking. Can anyone explain in general what is the point in WhatsApp which isn't compatible with anything except itself, vs normative XMPP/Jingle client through which one can communicate with any user from federated XMPP servers? I have hard time understanding why new closed (walled garden) IM networks appear in these day and age. So the only point was in avoiding one time step like adding an account to the client (like users do with e-mail too) / or registering on some XMPP server? Still it hardly justifies creating more walled networks (unless they allow federation and regular XMPP communication with their servers). That's understandable, but my question was about creating WhatsApp vs making a regular conformant XMPP/Jingle client which also simply works through TCP and UDP. The later gives free choice of what XMPP server to use and allows communicating with users of other federated servers. WhatsApp allows communicating only with WhatsApp if I understand correctly. To a degree they do, since users of one walled network can't communicate with users of other walled ones, and if they want they need to create an account in each of them. While federated XMPP is like e-mail, i.e you can use one ID to communicate with users from many servers. So there is an obvious comfort even for the end user. You see, so what stops them all from implementing their clients and servers using conformant XMPP with enabled federation? Can your Facebook messenger connect you to users of WhatsApp and vice versa? No. With Federated XMPP it'd just work. Is it just their greed, or lack of thinking? Actually Facebook does use XMPP, and I think even WhatsApp in some way internally does, but Facebook server lacks federation, and WhatsApp isn't even conformant to standard XMPP. In the end - you have no way to connect the two. This situation resembles the early period of the Internet, when users of Compuserve couldn't send e-mails to users of AOL (and other way around). It sounds completely weird today, but how is this situation with IM networks different? Understandably there are historic isolated networks (AOL, MSN etc.) which predate any serious federation efforts, and even they are slowly enabling XMPP in some ways. But creating new closed ones in the present time is just weird and only serves to make the situation worse. > you can talk to any of your friends if they install the app Yes, that's exactly the catch. Why should you require them to install anoter app if they might already use some other IM network? Approach of WhatsApp may be simplifies the initial registration step, but it adds to the global mess of the non interoperable IM networks. Negative impact way outweighs any potential comfort benefits, and authors who promote such things are to be blamed for it. > Everybody with a phone already has one, so they don't have to do the whole 'create/verify an ID/password' dance Actually you might want to do it, since numbers change, while IDs don't. Plus you want to authenticate the other party if for example you need a secure conversation (such as with OTR). I'm not really directing this critique to WhatsApp users, rather to WhatsApp authors, who exploit users' comfort of no configuration vs one time configuration / registration, while causing with that a proliferation of walled networks. They are not doing a good service to users at large. One time configuration / registration is not really a burden. All users are familial with that process. And they don't do it each time they read their e-mail for example. As I said, the negative impact of non interoperability proliferation is way more significant. "Occupied territories" aren't a country though. Otherwise the domain should be related to Egypt or Jordan (whose territories are supposedly "occupied"). The result looks reassuring, that there are still people who care about their privacy. (I'm not using Facebook and Twitter both). Requiring to sign in with FB or Twitter is disrespectful. If some site offers external authentication, let it use OpenID or BrowserID already. Jordan and Egypt have recsinded any claims to those territories That's exactly my point why those territories aren't occupied. The only way to call them occupied if Egypt or Jordan would still claim their authority over them. But as you said - they don't. Therefore while their status isn't clear, they aren't occupied. I.e. they are not more occupied by "Israeli Civil Authority", as they are occupied by the "Palestinian Authority" (i.e. Fatah and Hamas). At least that's how I view it. Oslo agreements weren't supported by Arabs (de facto), therefore they are morally void for a long time already. UN might support the idea of "occupied" terminology, but UN isn't the only entity who defines it. If the book is publicly available in a variety of formats already, who needs Amazon at all?