To not know the answer to "there are no camels in Germany so how many camels do they think there are in B, a specific German city? " is not a cultural difference, to think that other cultures are seriously that dumb is more a statement on ones self than anything else. This is similar to statements engineers sometimes make that the Chinese are good copiers but can't innovate. No, cultures are the same as everyone else. They have humour, art and like to tinker and have in jokes. If they don't publicly innovate it's more likely it's not economical in that environment yet. The fact 'camels' was used has strong undertones to me, if this was an actually a study I'd be interested to know. Vertical farms seems more a myth than anything else. I cannot see at all, putting solar panels in the country side, transferring that power into a city, then growing food being more energy efficient than growing food in the country/floating farms and then shipping it to the city in a truck. As a park they are nice but I can’t see a worse way to waste energy creating for food. It’s sad the trolls seem to have gotten hold of this. Torrent Freak has not even gone close to saying Sweden has bought him. When countries give foreign aid, it is often, at least in part, for power plays. Japan regularly does this in the pacific islands and uses their support to continue whaling. To argue the amount of money they give (quite large) is so they can continue whaling is also ridiculous. In fact most Japanese don’t even eat whale or care about the issue. It’s mostly political. Sweden is owed a few favours and it seems they have called one in. The story here is why they have chosen this as one of them. I think we need context here, these are just people going around in circles on a track. Their object is to entertain, and that they have in more ways than one. This concept sport people are anything more is a sad reflection on society. The technology and methods they spend billions on developing are mostly useless to the normal world. Even movie technology builds on itself and makes better movies, sport technology just shaves 100ths of a second off records, what is the point. It's forgotten by all but diehards 10-20 years later. At least a good movie or book lasts hundreds of years. To say sport is more than that is quite sad I feel, people need to get over pretending it that important. Total junk. Campaigns like this are what's wrong with this world and the acceptance of them in general is troubling. For the 'players' as a draw card to get customers ($), it might bring in a few I guess since the public is easily fooled by theses sort of self serving campaigns that cause more harm than good. But ethically I couldn't do it. If you 'really' want to help kids donate $40 to a 3rd world charity, save a real life and make you 404 professional instead. Lists like these recognise in public University's that are good and gives all universities a reason to improve. Whether this ranking is more relevant to researchers or students you'd have to look at the methodology but they are very closely related anyway. The reason people hate rankings is most people(Bit above 50%)are below average intelligence or go to a below average university hence they hate it when it's pointed out to them. Even smart people still suffer for thinking they are more intelligent than they are hence they too do not like being rated. In summary, the truth is yes you are better off going to a higher rated university if external factors are equal. But most people can't handle the truth so it's up to you what you believe. So what's the catch? Why is it wrong? Is it we know lesser falls cause death and as such we can extrapolate out. Or since the differences are so pronounced there is no need for randomised placebo trails? I think the simple fact the writer knew the answer, (Hen) but then went on to explain why it might be other things showed a lack of intelligence if anything. Anyone who's intelligent would know Kosher is a cultural test so is not valid. If you don't know how to answer the question correctly it's a lack of intelligence, not you're smarter than the test. Knowledge of the state of mind of others is what is normally defines intelligence in animals. Knowing what answer they want is part of the test. Some people just don't get it... This is the same as psych tests that ask if you want to commit suicide. If you don't know why this question is there then the test is working. You're not smarter than the test because you think it's a stupid question, you just don't understand the test. Sorry but I think this article is totally wrong. Tags for instance are a classic example of something people raved about, thought would work than were a total failure. It was found filenames actually gave more useful information to the user than tags. (PS if it's not obvious hashtags are not tags) Or you could just not get caught up in to the hype and do something useful like teaching your kids proper food health, deal with their mental health and teach drug harm minimisation strategies. WTF Who necessarily reads books within 4 months of buying? I have many, many bought and borrowed books 3+ years old in my to read pile. I think this is Bruce Schneier's way off the mark, even inappropriately so. His book culture is not everyone else's and he shouldn't by default expect that from them. Paying $11 for a book and then having to do a review is not an amazing deal for the buyer. It's just a deal. If no time line was specified in the deal people have every right to read the book when it suits them. They didn't save $5-$15 to get a chore. For me that would have been a within a year estimate. This cause is trying to change the access across the world for scientific articles and you're complaining for a short period "A few class websites are inaccessible, a few friends' blogs are down, and web development is a bit annoying" That's the most selfish thing I've seen today. No argument why this form of protest won't work just it interrupts your current lifestyle. And IMO it will help, it keep momentum and adds publicity to the other means also going on. I couldn't disagree more. These are MIT graduates, highly intelligent people, not some slack jaw locals. They are fully capable to look at the issues and take moral responsibility for the University they are part of. How can an intelligent person support a organisation by being part in it, then take no responsibility for what it does. Yes I know the commoners do this all the time for their entire lives, but being better educated (However you do it) is about moving on from this simplistic me me me mentality and looking at the total issue. No, it's meant as a 'don't drink the coolaid' and think just because you are part of something you are A. Right B. Don't have to accept any responsibility for the organisation you are part of. If MIT did something wrong and you go to MIT you are responsible for being part of that organisation. No one is forced to go to MIT. Take responsibility for who you support, be it a university, club or a job. If you think MIT did nothing wrong, then say they did nothing wrong. Don't say I'm a member of MIT but nothing bad(= short internet issues) should happen to me cause I'm just one of the many in this organisation. >"They are making it more difficult for members of the general public to access academic article" Given what may happen if change can be made is this really anything? This is how most of the mostly 3rd world student/academics live 100% of the time for most articles. They are not attacking students sites AFAIK they are attacking the MIT network I really doubt the Faculty are not seeing this and thinking. This is an attack for unproportionately persecuting someone for trying to free up scientific information. I don't see it as revenge for his death. DoJ won't change, but academics might. I'd agree. None of the answer seem close to correct. It is an interesting idea. I had a small site without compulsory passwords just email address. Idea being you'd suck more users in this way (Data was not a real security issue) And emails are unique. Let the user add a password if they want. It never got popular, so no idea how it would go. Griefing might be an issue. But back to the point, it's a risk management issue. What's the return on no passwords and what's the risk. Flatmates can rob my room if they are evil. So I don't consider a small security issues on password overlaps a problem. Really Microsoft considers a computer compromised once the attacker has physical access anyway. I do however want a small barrier to them reading my emails etc. (Something about temptation) Perhaps there's issues with teaching bad habits (UX), perhaps it'd confuse users(UX). Perhaps like all projects it goes from 2-10 users to hundreds. This is more what should be discussed. My understanding is you still need a username with fingerprints etc. Well at least in a corporate environment. So they don't change the original question What if the fingerprint algorithm overlaps two people. You suddenly can access someone else account without trying. IE fingerprints burnt off/similarly damaged through chemo. Also an fingerprint attack without username simultaneously attacks all users at once. Not saying with the right tech a fingerprint might be good enough without a username, but my understanding is it's not done and whether it can be is a similar question to the original question. Am I the only one that sees that the title/headline is pretty close to a lie and that he ran a 'Web Vulnerability Scanner' on someone else's web site? This is illegal! Most people seem to be missing this. If you're going to break the law at your own University at least cover your tracks. Don't annoy the crap out of them(Rightly or wrongly) then go on to black hat them. http://www.acunetix.com/blog/web-security-zone/should-you-te... what can happen when production Web applications are tested including: Email floods Junk data inserted into databases News feeds filling with random input Log files filling up Accounts getting locked out Internet bandwidth consumption Scans that take longer to complete High server and database utilization Incident response teams and managed security providers having to deal with alerts Final cleanup needed after the fact No they are not bugs, in any way, shape or form. I think you are missing the technology and ethos of website design here. Web scanners do massive offensive attacks. They basically DOS attack your site in many ways, trying millions of attack vectors. Mitigating against vandalism is very hard. It hurts users the more you do. Generally you leave it as open as possible and it is ok, since it's not a security issue per se and most sites can live their lives never having been attacked this way. There's no money in vandalism and unless you piss off skilled or determined people it won't be abused. Someone could write a script to cause thousands of $ damage to wikipedia without much trouble. But wiki chose's to leave itself open and take the risk. They don't have a bug. They are trying to do the right thing by users. As per my link to a direct article by the makers of the scanner he used, it is invasive. What more do you want? Yes, passive scanning is fine with me, it's probably legal in most countries, but this is not certain (See Google and wifi). But I don't see the relevance to the conversation. Passive automated scanning is fairly useless so it's not really used. Fact is he broke the law at a criminal level and caused damage, if you can't see this, you really have no idea of the reality of the technology he was using. But what should happen to him for it is a discussion for a different thread. The technology here could easily have been done 50-70 years ago (And it probably was) I think it's not about robots but the spread of ideas and commerce is now much easier with the internet. I'm guessing you are just a child or a troll. When you get older you'll realise all marriages and lives have their ups and downs. If a 'cheating spouse' is the worse you have to deal with you'll have lived a lucky or short life. Death of loved ones, marriage break ups, losing jobs is life. Get over it. It happens to all of us, this me, me, me mentality that we live in a hollywood movie and just because theses things happen to us it's a world event gets a bit tiring. How many iPads could a (foxconn) worker have bought before China became a technology manufacturing hub is the real question? Hell of a lot less I'd image. A lot less medicine and school for their kids as well I'll guess. Ummmm you could sell your "3 year old nephew's" art for $100,000 but for some reason you haven't? Right.... I do get tired of the old insult to art that "I could do better" but for some reason that person has 'chosen' not to make millions and be famous. People need to stop fearing things they don't or can't understand. Exactly, really it's not that hard, but as this blog article shows some people still just don't get art and/or how it's valued. And it's ok not to understand things, but it's not ok to ridicule things just because you don't understand them. This is not consumption at all. A painting is probably a few hundred $ worth of materials perhaps a couple of hundred hours labour tops. The average person probably wastes/consumes more rubbish in a week or two. This is a rich person not consuming if anything. What I find interesting is, it is totally the schools copyright when you think about it. There's no way the students would be thinking up what they were without the collaboration of their teachers. Sure schools should have special rules, they need to encourage not stifle, but in any logical sense it is their IP. I find very unlikely it doesn't work. Shonky electronics are possible out of China but 100% not working electronics are rare. It's evolution. The business would quickly go out of sale, so assuming you're buying from a reputable seller it's unlikely you get a total scam. So to make a big call like that you really need more proof. Same reason as why we want money? We see it as a proxy for power. Why do people want power? Evolutionary reasons. Probably for men we see it as a way to reproduce a lot for women it's probably seen as a way to ensure their children are successful and reproduce. It gets a bit depressing if you think about it to much. Just enjoy life and accept things. What people never seem to get in the Minority Report is, it’s not cool because he used his hands. It was cool because it had kick ass software behind it that could do all the work. I see this continuously with things like glass/mirrors that can be touch screens etc They look awesome because the (imaginary) software demoing it does awesome things. Leap could be a cool device, but you’ll need to think outside the box to see how. My fat ass is not going to wave at anything that it can do with a mouse let along the quicker speed at which we can type/shortcut/mouse compared to physical movement. Personally if I was a developer I'd look at things totally new. This stuff seriously seems like a game changer. Could be all hype but if it's legit I think it'll be huge. Never having to clean the toilet again in itself would be amazing. Cost reductions in business here alone is significant. Anti graffiti capabilities would make it huge for government applications. On park benches etc keeping communal equipment from ageing. The whole cleaning industry could be changed. Waterproofing electronics. Hygiene in hospitals might save many, many lives. I do like living in the future. But you could also never wash it? "x-ray video machine to examine their kids' feet at the shoe store" Except there's no real evidence this ever hurt anyone? And xrays are an incredible medical marvel that has saved millions of lives. Fear hurts more than it ever helps, if they had delayed xrays for even a few years imagine how many more deaths there would have been. The precautionary principle is a dangerous idea that has somehow has gotten mainstream acceptance. It regularly kills people, people somehow think it's a safe concept when it's not. Through the magic of hind-site you can claim there is no dichotomy. xrays could have given cancer to the people conducting the treatments. Using fear, xrays should have never been used for anything. Is it worth the risk that doctors using xrays might get cancer to save some patients? Is it worth the risk of giving a patient cancer just because they might have a 10% chance of a life threatening injury. If you look at all clichéd stuffups with technology their kill rates are tiny, often like DDT they saved many many lives. Now take all the things people get scared of - TV, Mobile phones, electricity towers, chemicals(What ever this means). Mobile phones perhaps should only be used for emergencies in case they are cancer causing. Imaging how many 3rd world people would die if we made the decision. Ummmm Education Minister who (allegedly) cheated at university forced to step down. Don't really see that as a "Fascination With Degrees" Might have been a interesting topic, but it's a hopeless segue. "A prankster could outwit many scoring programs by jumbling key phrases in a nonsensical order. An essay about Christopher Columbus might ramble on about Queen Isabella sailing with 1492 soldiers to the Island of Ferdinand -- and still be rated as solidly on topic, Shermis said." To be smart enough to prank on a subject and pass would mean a pretty in depth knowledge hence the mark would be correct. In fact a human would incorrectly say the student was bad at the subject so it makes the computer superior in marking students actual knowledge of the subject :) Fake. And ridiculously so. You can only see around 2000 stars in total with no light pollution across the entire sky Perhaps the photographer is not saying they are realistic, it might be nytimes being misleading. YES "there is something humbling and awe inspiring about how vast things are." So why fake it. Why show pretend scenes with orders of magnitude more stars then there should be. Why not just show real life and how the stars would look if Paris etc had the lights turned off. Why show a universe where somehow stars at hundreds of times more than they are. Isn't ours good enough? Anyone scientific/technical knows how stupid those pictures look, and anyone artistic has been away from city lights and knows what stars really look like. Why break from a great idea and create something so fake looking. Why not make them realistic and make a point on light pollution and the beauty we are missing out on. Why can't we appreciate the real universe and how great it is. Have we become that sad we need to make everything look like a scifi movie? At least have a couple of moons if you're going to go down that road. There's probably 10,000 stars in the first photo that's supposed to be part of the night sky? It implies if the lights go out you'd see around 100,000 stars. In real life you can see 2000 in the total night sky away from lights. How will a long exposure allow you to see more stars? Even in the jpg you link you can see there's obviously one to two thousand stars tops in it. These pictures are from telescopes, the latter ones even have fake colors applied. Interesting I assumed the colours from star pictures are mostly faked / enhanced / thickened / filtered. I'll have to look into it more. I think you are right. I had to create a quick sim but it does pan out. With round robin it's going to chose the dynos most likely to have the shortest queue given the simple information available. (longest time since it got something) so it's biased to putting stuff on empty queues. Where as random picks randomly, so there's no bias to empty queues, so random should be less efficient. Lol totally evil product based on making people lives awful through fake fear. But I guess that's many successful products, make people feel bad or their lives are missing 'something' and give them the solution for the $ Myself and friends have often talked about it. Be unethical but make money. Individual vs Herd mentality. And in the first world is it really that evil to fool the people who fall for it? I find it hard personally but maybe that's a weakness I should train to get over, not sure. I do give a % of my wage to 3rd world charity so would I still be up positive ethics wise. Interesting article to see into that world anyway, something to think about. I also have read about people being charged/sued over this but Google hasn't helped me remember the case. It was a delivery company from memory. But in general if you are putting things into the product outside of the contract you must see how this as a legal issue? Also see why no Easter Eggs - http://blogs.msdn.com/b/larryosterman/archive/2005/10/21/483... LOL what total bunk, "unless" of course you practice some sort of magic and believe by definition humans cannot replicate this form of magic, then his theory might fit. Besides which the Singularity has nothing to do with the 'soul' and consciousness. It's about super intelligence, this is possible without being self aware. IE Deep Blue I assume is not considered 'conscious' but it can solve the chess problem better than us, why would you think a super intelligent machine that can solve general problems has to also be 'self aware', bizarre. This is so disingenuous and plain misleading and I see it around a bit. Most of them, if not all went to Uni. They then made great contacts and could pull out because they became successful early. Without Uni, they possibly would all be nobodies. I'm not sold on the working from home argument. Studies I've seen have been for work that's partially commission based. Anyone have better? And I will admit it will work for some people but that doesn't mean it will work for a company. It's hard to say to some people you can work from home and to others you can't because I don't trust you. And how can a company work out if you are a person it works for? I think what many people forget is everyone is different and systems aren't perfect. You might be able to work efficiently from home but allowing you to do it might make the team worse off because the best system the company can put in place won't be as efficient. Because we all know companies suck at a lot of stuff and it's just adding another thing they can stuff up in this non utopian world. But as above interested to see any studies people have. >You need to call an attorney. Any other advice you get here is bad advice. Why? Why is your opinion the best? Are you an attorney? Are you an attorney he's called? This statement has no value, it's almost a paradox,. Where's the proof behind it? Do you have have statistics? It seems to me to be purely a pass the buck statement. Everything is a "highly specialized domain" So when I'm getting a house built, talking to friends is no use and forbidden, I should only talk to a builder? If a house falls down I could be killed, that's way worse than being sued. Sounds like nonsense, but why? Every day we do things that put our lives in non specialist hands but it's a legal issue suddenly "only ever talk to lawyers." Yes advice must be taken lightly, especially on the internet. Experts have a time and a place. But living in fear can be worse. I personally would prefer free internet advice than selling out and becoming part of the problem. That to me is a fate worse than being sued. Others however might prefer a mix, they also might have more on the line than me. That's all good. But don't let the fear take over and make you irrational. The worst thing with the patent wars is not the suing it's the fear it's creating. Talking to my partner who's in OH&S and she was saying there is a growing body of evidence working from home is bad for your mental health. Not saying that's absolutely everyone in all situations but like most mental health issues you can't really self diagnose. I did a speed reading course in high school and often wondered if it was a scam. Not a scam, scam more a motivational speaker/Eat less exercise more style scam. If you followed it through it would work but almost no one follows through hence the course/advice becomes bunk. For instance one thing we were taught was to first skim the book/chapter really quick then read it 'properly' Makes sense to me, but I never do it. People do have different reading speed levels and I don't think it's all innate so I don't think it a crap idea. I would agree that maybe the teaching is currently more based around customers and less about pedagogy though. Freakonomics are doing a study/website on this idea (Minus the option to pull out if you realise what you really want) https://www.freakonomicsexperiments.com/ I've never ever heard of Anonymous swatting so please feel free to post a link?? If that's the best link(Or a link that links a non-existent link) then I'm happy to say that no Anonymous do not swat. But touché, I didn't ask for a reputable link. I'm not sure I've learned anything from this video or comments. Nothing is really backed up. Even the speaker admits they are a VC who's not rich. Yes westerners all think the Japanese have a culture with problems, but of course we do, I really need some sort proof or a speaker who has proven themselves. Meh. Old article and quotes like - "Though productivity in France is higher than Germany's and close to that of the U.S. according to 2011 data " "Can I remind you that Titan…is 20 times smaller than Michelin…and 35 times less profitable?" Are a good comeback. It just seems like a sore loser who wanted a cheap deal but didn't get it under his terms so he's crying. A sad story really. When France is a laid back nation that values home life over work AND is poor and in crisis then these business leaders might have a point. So are you saying people searching for "stack overflow" want the definition more often than the web site stackoverflow.com? Because that doesn't make sense to me. Perhaps an upcoming engineer once or twice needs the definition in their life. And they will mostly go on to use the site as well. Lazy people like me often type the approximate of a web site into Google rather than trying to guess the exact url / bookmarking it. And we do this continuously. I can't see the definition being more popular than the site. It is an interesting story about someone's life and overcoming adversity. But don't fall into the trap and read anything else into it, the things you should fear in life are quite boring. Some comments seem to be going down this path. Good links. Looking at past posts some are a little out there (Read crazy conspiracy theories) Shame, it's an interesting idea. Could we be mistaken and the Japanese don't live longer. I believe similar mistakes are happening in blue zone theory. But I'm a firm believer that some people can just can make a good argument about anything. So if they have been very wrong in the past, or very wrong in part of their argument then I take it as now they are wrong and just making a good argument that's fooling my flawed brain. Maths is wrong Where have you deducted the expected ROI on the money you've invested on the asset? Also the numbers are to high, not many rooms are on 6 hours a day. Electricity is actually a fairly insignificant for lighting/ power use by consumers in general. People like these things because they are easy fixes, not because they achieve much. But I'd say the real benefits is in business and cost reductions in labour replacing light bulbs. It's the longevity not the reduced power use that has the value in commerce. > MERCURY IS TOXIC. DO NOT TELL PEOPLE THAT IT IS NOT TOXIC. I don't see why this has capitals? The point was valid it's urban legend / vaccinations cause autism style rubbish about breaking light bulbs being bad. When do we get exposed to mercury in real life that we need to highlight mercury is bad in capitals? To stop people breaking light bulbs and licking them? We all know not to drink from a thermometer. I though the point of HN is we didn't have to talk at grade school/reddit level. [Edit] And you don't need to ventilate a room after breaking a CFL. http://ec.europa.eu/health/scientific_committees/environment... I was going to comment on how interesting it was that such a (Possibly?)smart person could be so naive in thinking a famous model would date him but then I see so many comments saying stuff like 'I think he knew about the drugs' Of course he did! This was the point of the story!?! Back to smart people, I'd be interested to see a write up on his work. Was he actually any good? And also I'll say it, he is old, has his mind degraded? Or has he gone fk it, life's not what it used to be why not go crazy (With a little mental illness thrown in) The concept we can keep consuming to keep ourselves out of trouble is naive. We can not sustain the growth required to replace lost jobs, it's just not mathematically possible, the world is finite. Concepts around consumption composing of the arts(Attempting to loophole limited resources) are also misplaced, already we are seeing computer generated actors and artists. Sounds like a interesting story, why not value add and say more about the issues? Old HN link but libreoffice is trying a similar thing. The video doesn't go into enough detail IMHO but the TL;DW is they are making it easier to commit and putting automated processes into place to mange it(Like extensive and easy testing). Rather than a commit is hard philosophy. I think the first 5-10 mins of the video is the important bits. https://fosdem.org/2013/schedule/event/challenges_libreoffic... > I also hate the people who think travel makes them more interesting and virtuous You can think that but you're wrong. Travel opens the mind a hell of a lot. (And no it's not travel if you are in the same country) What is pretentious BS is if you "spend a month in an Indian monastery, or building schools in Africa" These are total rubbish, OK sure you'll learn some stuff, it's still travel but Africans earn a dollar or two a day, you've just added $12-$24 to their economy, nice work. Travel the world and have fun. Don't do the tourist BS like going to monasteries, these are wanabee travel collectors interests. Go to night club, ride a bike, do what you do at home and learn the real stuff. OK sure you do have to do the tourist stuff, how else do you get to experience a crazy Tut-tut or a packed out bus. But remember it's the journey not the destination. And lastly not everybody can afford to travel, and that's sad. But just because it's sad there no point trying to pretend travel doesn't make people better. It's like access to school, yes it makes people better, yes not everyone can afford it, but don't just write it off. Work out ways to change this. Agree. Brilliant first season. But it seemed to me some idiot somewhere who worked on the second season saw it had a strong female lead and thought that meant she should be a dick and wrote the later seasons like that. It amazes me how Hollywood just doesn't get strong female characters. As an Australian and a mathematician I can't do Pi day, much as I'd like to. Even if the date's not ISO 8601 it's still 03/14/2013? And how does the 159265359.... work 15:92:65 ? I guess this is semi relevant http://www.xkcd.com/397/ Don't see any proof of a general HN issue here? One comment is bad? And currently the comment you didn't like is pretty much down voted to hell. And since you admit HN is not even a site for you, the issue is....... Yep the media is just starting to get on top of this. I saw another article a month or so ago. I first took notice when the Chinese bought out Complete Genomics last year. The future is going to sneak up on us quicker than we think. Well some parts anyway. The Genetics thing has been untapped before, it could explode out. If you had the choice of raising your babies IQ not many people would chose not too. When it hits, it'll hit quickly. Soooo does anyone have any reason to believe this matters in the wild? I like the article it's interesting though, but to me it seems purely theoretical. >And when that GMO crop pollinates adjacent non GMO crops, Monsanto can sue the adjacent farmer(s) for "stealing" Monsanto's GMO. >This an inherent flaw, and has already occurred. Pretty sure this is not true. Care to site. Only case I heard of was that was dodgy was a farmer who had seed contamination from trucks driving by which is totally different to what you are implying. Lets be clear, if you don't like animal abuse don't eat animals. Murder is worse than abuse. These videos in essence are propaganda tools and I see little value in the so called animal rights movement that promotes clean killing as an ethical good. But at the end of the day there should be free speech no matter whether it's right or wrong or for good or evil. > So if you eat meat you can't be against pit bull-fighting? Correct? Well you can but you'd be a bigot thinking you're beliefs are better than someone else's. >Extrapolate it further, we shouldn't, then, be more appalled by a gruesome murder (of a human) than a gunshot to the back of the head. Correct. Again a no brainer. There is however evidence that a person who commits a gruesome crime might be more likely to re-offend. This should be taken into account for sentencing/rehabilitation. But no, you should not be more 'appalled' > Since that is untrue for virtually everyone, you either have to claim that nearly every human on earth is a logically inconsistent dunce, or perhaps there is, in fact, a violence gradient of some sort. ??? Do I even need to answer that? 80% of India is Hindu. 80% of America is Christian. You think people aren't logically inconsistent? It beggars belief you can think a animal can 'feel' then think it's ok to kill it. I think the reason this article came into existence was the other thread discussing this issue got renamed to a innocuous title (Under the title should be the original articles title rule) and hence didn't make sense. Millionaires asking for money to create a product that requires a dev cost of millions which they often then give to donators is a little different. > If you want to become smarter on a specific topic then you must study that specific topic. This would contradict almost all current ideas on learning and education as far as I can see. Not many people think concentrating on rote learning creates a more educated society. > Chess does not make you smarter. Chess makes you better at playing chess. Nothing more nothing less. Chess is about problem solving and logic. I see no reason why it wouldn't help like abstract maths helps outside of the specific field of abstract maths. I can say from my experience with engineers any that have only studied "Electrical Engineering" are in general crap or mediocre. They have very little ability to problem solve. All the good degrees that I've seen will start engineers off studying 'engineering' including a wide variety of topics then specialise later in the degree. Yes it takes longer but it clearly pays off. These are not engineering student that are being taught chess, these are children, at this level they are probably tossing up between arts and craft and other timing killing activities or chess. Time in primary and high school is often wasted due to constraints. Yes teaching them high level mathematics would be better, but where do the teachers smart enough come from? How do you teach it to classes at multiple levels. Chess is easy to teach, students can quickly get to their own level and pair off. I'm not saying chess is the answer even in the imperfect society we have to run schools in, but certainly teaching to the subject is absolutely not. Putting money in an uninsured bank is an investment the same stocks or property. If the asset you invest in fails you lose your money. Don't see how this is the European Commission robbing anyone. I thought (But could be wrong) without the bailout all the money would be lost. Isn't this them giving someone who's lost it all 20% of their money back? April fools was really a pre internet event. 36 hours of the world doing mostly lame pranks wears a bit thin every year for me anyway. Pre internet it was lame jokes from friends or really complicated pranks that filtered through the noise. It seemed more community based and thought out. I you find this stuff interesting I found Bad Pharma an interesting read (Random Review: http://boingboing.net/2012/11/06/bad-pharma-account-o.html ) They talk about tricks like mirror versions of a drug can then be patented after the first drug expires. Then the company can push them over the original, which is not necessarily bad, mirror versions can be better or sometimes worse. Well the no free lunch theory is I think wrong, we are vastly better off with modern medicines. We are already getting free lunches of longer and heather lives. My experience, obviously not scientific, with modafinil is mild mania, grumpiness/quick to anger (What I think is the tiredness coming through), increase concentration and attentiveness to a task. My intelligence goes down. Mixed with alcohol it can cause blackouts (It has a long half life so this can be a day or so later). Hard to sleep on. Euphoric enough to take recreationally. Listening to other people they have different effects. For me I'm not sure it's a effective drug. Because it's said long term you can build up tolerance I've always only done it one pill per week for small projects, so maybe doing it on a regular schedule it might stop some of the above negatives. Evolution is just randomness that causes a rough trend in a direction. Many species have gone extinct under it's rules. Even if it was a thing, it has your species interests at heart, not you. There is a lot to the article and you should take heed it's the future, like it or not. But if you want a warning sign on Modafinil as per the article the drug came out in 1998, it has been and is still is fairly easy to get, why is it not bigger than it is? These drugs are still just rough tools, the new batch are coming soon, but Modafinil is not "Limitless" Most of wiki is patrolled by robots, I'd image if it was useful it would. I'd see natural disasters possibly false positiving compared with turf wars between groups/countries after a flare up being the main reason you'd do it. I think professors asking students to edit would be rare enough not to make it worth while. I'd image if it's not copyright infringement on the one article across the entire Wikipedia it could become copyright infringement. Funny I think so to. I've heard to much of the story before, it seems like they have mashed a few of the classics together to create it. Edit: Or maybe I just read the original story on Reddit. You have to be carefully with stories like this, often the reason they go viral is not for nice reasons. To me it seems the enjoyment is someone gets hurt and we get to be guilt free in doing it because the hurt person is 'clear cut' bad. Sure that's why we enjoy most movies and computer games, but I think taking it to real life is a step again. There's a nasty undercurrent in these sort of things on the internet like nigeria scammers scammers. Always remember more often than not the people participating in these crimes do it due to mental illness or desperation. I'm not saying let them get away with it, I'm not saying don't blog about it. I'm just saying in my opinion perhaps try not to celebrate it to much. To quote myself above 'I'm not saying let them get away with it' I didn't even say not to beat them. If beating them is what you have to do, so be it. All I said was the greater community shouldn't celebrate it. My point is I think these style of stories are glurge and I think people need to try and be aware of that. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Glurge I wonder why looking for a idea on the actually percent of people in each I can't find any idea on what it actually is on the interwebs, they all differ and top results aren't seeming to link peer review articles. It shouldn't be hard stuff, people are not generally embarrassed about the topic so any one should be able to pop out a study. It involves work productivity so it should be a popular. There should be some sort of biomodal graph showing percentages. >Perhaps you're a person, rather than a label. Or maybe labels are ok until some singularity style computer can know exactly what each individual is and how to exactly optimise their happiness maybe the approximations labels give us make us better off. When used correctly they can allow us to better know ourselves and also be more understanding of those around us. I think letting anyone submit an idea is interesting but will quickly fail unless they pump a lot of money into ensuring crank stuff doesn't get in. The difference between science and pseudo science can be hard to tell at times. Unless you have a barrier of entry like for instance being asked to do a talk, then pulling it off, you will get a lot of noise. Even with this TEDx is still getting into issues for instance. Maybe mooonshot is meta in this regard. This seems to currently be on the front page(Link broken), which is interesting.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUHLNjWn68g It worked out my location (nice) but didn't bother changing dates and temperature to metric/local format so it immediately looked confusing. I would say not having a goal of "increase my income by 30-50K" might be a start. Moneys not everything, it probably shouldn't be a goal. Instead by focusing on making yourself happy you'll be better off and probably be earning more. Just a theory. Empirical evidence shows money does make people more happy. But there's a lot of if's and buts. It depends on current earnings and it also depends on what others around you earn and it levels off. And it's not logical in any way. Halving your wage but then quartering everyone else would make most people more happy (As per experiments) Commute time for instance is something studies show people don't realise the negative effects on happiness. So earning ten grand more will make you more happy but if it increases commute time you could end up less happy overall. And I think if you earn more but end up less happy you're more likely to waste the money on stuff or quitting your job or missing a promotion and many other things that might in the end make you earn less long term. If you want more money and the happiness that goes with it I think don’t concentrate on the money. I'd consider the current issue with MOOCs Every ones keen to sign up but attendance quick drops to 10-15% due to there being no forced attendance. Paying money for a course gives a degree of making you more likely to attend but perhaps for all people that's still not enough to maximise performance. I find this meme interesting. It seems to me A. Roger Ekirch (a historian) used confusing text to create a medical theory then popularised it. There is little to no one else saying it's true but somehow it's being spread as fact. Equally it's interesting no one is refuting it. It's a popular theory I've heard a lot of people mention. If it is hogwash why is the medial community not jumping in and saying there is no evidence of this? Very funny video and worth watching. But it's not even close to beating NES Games. I'm not a expert in AI but I'm not sure it actually achieves anything. I'd consider it more an art project than a computer science project. I went on a 'news fast' a while back and felt amazing after it. It might be herd vs individual health but watching / reading the news will not make you better off. I do think concentrating on knowledge of the world is important but I think this is separate from news. Ummm I'm not sure a parody site is the best example to be using. A 400 byte joke is kinda boring without all the pics and ads around it. Still not really funny at all..... > If there is a 1% chance the world will end unless we do x, we shouldn’t do a cost-benefit analysis. Instead, assuming x is feasible, we should simply do it. To me it's pretty simple this has a value and if doing the alternative is valued worse then no you don't do it. Everything has a value - smog, a lost lake, all lakes lost, death, extinction of animals, happiness. They can be hard to find but we can make approximations around probability curves. The real issue is when you start valuing things like the environment and life people turn off because they can't handle the fact a Starbucks coffee has a higher value than millions of the worlds humans. And while they blank this stuff out it makes change hard. Why? It's just construction theft. Stealings not great but it happens, no reason to get depressed about it. Not like they were looting straight after the storm or any thing, perhaps that might be depressing but looting in natural disasters is just a myth. A strange myth people cling to, I can think of happier fables to believe in. Totally agree with the gist of the article. But it's interesting there is so much mythology in there. Just because bees create honey, it's still just sugar by a different name. Bees aren't magical fairy's. And similarly Preservatives, Toxins, nitrosamines , anti-biotics (Irrelevant to personal heath from eating) are not relevant. Even nutrition is totally irrelevant except in small cases. Our issue is eating to many harmfully foods like sugar and highly processed flour. It's not lack of nutrients in the 1st world. Well if you truly meant one life saved fair enough. So you'd have to deducted the people killed in making sites like these first. So a web site is possibly $40,000. A humans life in the US is probably worth around $2,000,000. So it might cost one 50th of a humans life to create a site like this. I'd guess not, but the figures are complicated, the site is used for other things for starters. I'd suspect a suicide help line would be better money spent. Don't drink and drive campaigns, healthy eating, quitting smoking help all far better returns I'd guess. Given I can go to the masses of media over reporting this stuff, why is it here. > My team at Google has a pretty broad mandate which gives us a fair bit of freedom. The other points might be fair but this would have to be the exception rather than the rule in private industry and even Google I would image would never give enough leeway to someone to "monitor volcanoes with sensor networks" >Seriously, why does ANYONE use anything other than Google Search and Analytics? Why do you willfully choose to expose yourself and your business to what they can do to you? A. Does anyone have a valid story were the user actually lost everything, for good? B. Assuming it's possible the risk of catastrophic failure by losing Google can still be lower in a risk assessment than the cost of redundancy or of making each part independent. Especially in a startup where there is already risk everywhere. I think the problem is within the supposed science field sudo science is getting more traction. People who have done science degrees are coming out and still believing in forms of magic like organic, chiropractics, chemical free, anthropomorphizing animals etc. It's a fine line, should we appease the masses and try and get more scientists or try and at least get the supposed scientists practising and believing in actual science. So who ever cuts is always worse off since they always get the smaller piece of pizza. Unless they can use tricky psychology to make the small piece look bigger, possibly. Fair to me is I thought obvious, you cut it then flip a x sided coin. That would be interesting if they actually deciphered a real blurred picture. Which they didn't cause it's not possible, I mean, left to reader. [edit: I put it with the myth you need to erase data on a hard disk randomly multiple times http://www.nber.org/sys-admin/overwritten-data-gutmann.html ] No, I more commented on the article made a pretty bold statement and then didn't follow it up yet everyone buys into it. I've never seen it actually shown so that to me makes it dodgy. If it was possible it'd be a pretty cool demo. (And I assume I don't need to say removing camera blur, the famous photoshop swirls incident etc is not the same.) Ireland (Which has heaps of money and time to waste unlike Pakistan which has aid programs to run) tried something like this years ago, the IRA just developed a way around it. I suspect like all self made security experts they have created a product they can't crack but bomb makers quickly would. When I first heard it ages ago I was dubious. The fact this is the only story since then makes me pretty sure it is a load of BS. Seriously "Author Eugene Linden, who has been writing about animal intelligence for 40 years" Pretty sure Eugene Linden has zero training in animal intelligence and is just a journalist. Why can't people just be happy with the fact non humans are just that, not humans please stop trying to anthropomorphism them. When I first saw this on Reddit I though a similar thing. It (unsurprisingly) was getting a disproportionate amount of coverage compared to similar things the other way round. Reddit is quite dark when you read between the lines on many of the things and issues they take up. Can we all remember that being murdered by your spouse or ex is probably an order of magnitude more likely than this, purely from the fact this is making the news rounds where as generally you'll mostly not even hear of a murder by an ex in another state. That's not to say this isn't interesting from a SEO or how do we live in a world where information cannot be removed once it's out there perspective. Or even how information attacks are possible. But if you're getting up in arms about this personally it's a good reason why you shouldn't read the news because this is less likely than being murdered and that I doubt you'd worry much about that. How do you know? Aren't you still at the managers stage where you just got an email fwd to you with someone just saying no? Or do you know the entire Christian's side of the story? Could someone tell me what a person with a Klout score over 55 would be like please? Just how influential is that -ish? >Put up picture-based landing pages on those domains.... I would have though this is a no brainer for Google to catch these days. I though text under pictures would be like white text on white and would set off immediate alarm bells. Is this a parody? I seriously can't tell. They cost nothing so are considered by participants internally to have no value and hence are treated as such. Point out current problems with X. Somehow proves X is never possible. A real hacker would think, ok robots don't work yet, how can we make them work. > $500 deductions for drycleaning without receipts, people are going to claim all $500. This is illegal if you didn't have any drycleaning. You can go to prison(In theory) if caught. I though companies 'are not people' so I don't see why the word immoral should be applied to such things. Can't really have it both ways. > Unless you have a power source that's going to last that long Geothermal, nuclear, tidal. Perhaps wind, I'd think heating the upper atmosphere would still cause turbulence? I'd say the main reason is that it's not as cool. Which at the end of the day is why we do stuff. Living on Mercury would be dam cool. I don't see this contradicting Anonymous's philosophy at all. These are people tipping the police off anonymously. This is more often then not for crimes like drugs that Anonymous does not agree with. They did exactly the same thing in the US a year or so ago. The police are 'The man', people acting in secret with the police are not what Anonymous would see as on their side. Well really I'd just have to cite Anonymous thinks that. But true I have no evidence they do actually think this. No, I'd still go with Hanlon's razor, I'd guess whoever wrote it though it was true. Lack of nutrients are not killing us, too much of some sort of X is. (I think it's sugar and high refined carbs, some think it's fat, some believe both) The reason vitamin pills are consider phooey is because there is no evidence of missing nutrients in our diets (There are some exceptions, ie when pregnant, if you're vegan etc) End of the day, anything that makes us eat less X is what we need. To me that's fruit and veg that taste great and are cheap, not their nutrient content. I don't know, I consider them more unsolved mathematics problems in the non academic world. I know tomato tomato, but to me in computer science it's more important to know if they have been solved for most cases (Or alternatively considered probably to hard in RL) Getting to caught up in perfect solutions can be more a hindrance. My understanding is walking rather than than driving for instance is NOT a solution to this specific issue (It's great for other reasons). It is in part, as in you might sit for 13 hours a day so 30 mins less sitting makes you 3% better off but really it's not the solution. Similarly to getting up and walking around, if you do it 5 mins ever hour that's 4% better off. My understanding is these studies are saying to make change you need to stop sitting for large periods of time (ie reduce by 50+%), if you don't want to die/become crippled early. Any blog starting with a immigrates take our jobs implication is not really something to note IMO. But anyway if you're an engineer and can't retire by 60 then you've done something wrong. Just don't blow your money on stupid stuff. And by retire at 60, that can mean anything, work for free for a charity, do a simple start up, work part time. >I wonder how one teaches people who don't know better. Considering first world nations still continue to pollute why do you expect people in abject poverty to be any different? Open defecation is a serious problem, but I don't see it's relevance to "India people cannot take care of their own land" or graffiting other peoples property. This is a issue about hygiene and how can one implement it in very poor countries. >Once in a while I come across an animated debate on health benefits of sugar vs. high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS). It is enzymatically produced mixture of glucose and fructose that approximately matches the chemical composition of sucrose, aka sugar. It is not this debate that is my concern; Why are people discussing what the article specifically says it is not about? I'm lost, your father was involved? I assumed art, but also like the test theory Looking briefly at this it seems this is classic facilitated communication. Unfortunately this it a form or magic some families of autistic children get tricked into believing and it is quite sad Coursera is perpetuating this awful lie. If there's any story here it's impossible to tell with such a badly written and misleading article. >Nothing says, "I love the Earth!" quite like bringing bulldozers into an old-growth forest to create a fake ruined castle. So he brought multiple bulldozers in hey? Somehow I doubt that, do people actually buy into this sort of stuff? At best from pictures it looks like they used small earth moving vehicles as you'd expect. http://ncwtv.com/nn/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/0e64parkers-w... Lol, yes I did notice I've stopped using wikipedia.... no that was Myspace. Very strange article. I always find it bizarre the consistent need for a certain types of people to believe IQ tests are not real. It's pretty much conspiracy sort of stuff. A. It's quite a stretch that a whole scientific community can't create a test for IQ and get past the tired issues brought up 50+ years ago. B. The concept brains unlike heights, hair, body shape etc etc etc are all the same is pretty ludicrous. There is lots of stuff on the Flynn effect, I'm sure people can google it for themselves. But at the end of the day why is it so strange a test given to people in the 1960s scores differently for people in the 2010s. It is such a strawperson argument. IQ's about relativity and ability in the current environment. I find it quite unbelievable people are buying into this story. Border guards have access to private email to catch people who possibly might work on the wrong visa, sure.... And boarder guards have kept this secrete for years but the leak came from within the NSA. What is wrong with people. This is why the governmenat walks all over you, there's just no common sense amongst the masses. Not totally sure of your point, but yes nature documentaries are pretty much always lies in the local footage sense and global scientific sense. But it does lead to the interesting question have people who have subverted the true science of animals and nature like David Attenborough do harm or is it for a greater cause. Half relevant XKCD here http://xkcd.com/397/ So I'm going to send you a continuous stream of 1's saying currently my blueray play is not outputting a 1 from the movie 'The Godfather' Wink wink. Beer fed cattle is pretty much an urban legend, this didn't tip anyone off? So at a guess basically they've encrypted a message that is not Snowden's key that somehow calls back when decrypted (link, exe or something) so they know if the NSA is listening in. The term Hipsters is pretty much a derogatory term used by one class of people to put down another. (I'd guess jealousy is most of it) Which is why i'm surprised the artist who should be better than that would have used it. It seems originally it was called 'Street Stone' and release a year ago. I guess that didn't have the hint of maliciousness the internet feeds off to go viral. I wonder if it was the artist that tried another tack or the internet pushed him that way and it was more evolutionary. It does seem he now uses 'Hipsters in Stone' https://www.google.com.au/search?num=100&q="Project+Street+S... I would certainly agree this would seem to be the case, but the article is not too clear on that. Got it. Certainly his twitter seemed to say the opposite. What didn't add up to me is A. Prism could track these emails. B. It would trip it off It seems to be missing the real issue that you generally don't want lifts that go all the way to the top in one run because it uses up to much real estate. You have to have multi-stage lifts else the whole building becomes full of lifts rather than offices etc Much more exciting for projects like loon I would have thought. Because when you stack lifts on top of each other in different parts of the shaft you can have multiple lifts running at once, hence multiple time the efficiency per m2. (High latency though) Lifts are also limited by speeds, if they go too fast they make some people queasy. This is also an issue to contend with since express elevator are limited in the 'express' bit. Edit: to be a bit clearer if you split up a shaft into 4 sections with fours lifts you can have four lifts full of people being moved, hence your bandwidth is 4 times as much. Taken to extreme you have one for every floor http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paternoster I never get why these vague I want money posts get to the front page, how is this hacking? Wanting more money, for little work? That's status quo. Anyway stop wasting your life on stuff would be my tip. Or Learn to cook well(healthy and tasty) over a few months, it'll save you money and health costs. Great tax free not wasting money passive habit to pick up. I think you've miss read the question > I have 1-2 hours daily that I can spend on any project/activity that will, after some work, generate $1000/per month net in passive income. $1000/28days at lets say 1.5hours = $23 per hour. So I'm guessing they are not wanting to do the 1-2 hours per day once it's up and running, because $23/hour is not passive income. Good hack, yep that's a interesting question. Edit: Weakness - language. Solution get a bi-lingual friend who can suggest a non English success story. This in reverse http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2012-02-29/the-germany-... The whole landfill thing has always prayed on human's inability to get to bigger picture. They see a dump and somehow think it'll take over as time goes by. Dig a hole, put rubbish in it, push dirt on top 50 years later and you get a nice park. Don't think it's safe for humans on top, even better a guaranteed wildlife refuge. It works because it's a one off. If every page did this then a contrary page with images would make the point against just words and everyone would agree. Looking at simple page's like that all day would be depressing, I want beauty in my life, not just words which can be beautiful, that's why I read novels, I also want visual beauty. A gardener cuts my lawn for money they are not payed to be nice. If they are nice then I assume it's because they are nice, not because they are doing it for money, since there's no direct obvious correlation. (Especially if they don't own the business.) Prostitutes are payed to be nice, that is their service so the nice bit is "unauthentic". Just as the gardener might not be cutting my lawn for love, it's probably just money, but the friendly conversation probably is real. Once you start tipping the niceness is much more out there as possibly faked. Simple statement to me. > They have been predicting automation will destroy jobs for centuries, and it hasn't happened. We have replaced jobs by consuming more. This concept growth is infinite is not practical(Or mathematically possible), and it's probably not linear either, when it hits and growth stops being able to replace lost jobs it could be sudden. Bespoke is interesting, but I'll probably only visit 1000 different houses in my lifetime etc 'Bespoke-esque' products will be able to be mass produced and appear unique, currently they are limited by space time, small markets overseas trips will have little meaning to goods in the future. Once 3D printers/scanners work well I can copy anything that an artist creates why would I buy it off them personally, especially since I'll probably be unemployed myself. Sure I'll go to a fancy humans serve me restaurant every now and again, probably when I'm young and hip, but normally I'll do what everyone else will do, get a excellent, cheap hassle free meal made to order served by automatons. Building and driving are dangerous jobs, it won't take many lawsuits before they get shut down for humans. More of a dystopian fan myself. And I'd guess the work place wins by far out of that deal. A professional person knows for starters the interview is not necessarily the job, especial the kinda person who bases it on one question is not something you'd want to touch with a 10 foot pole. In many companies HR will be doing the interview, or even one level of it. You have no idea what the team might be like. Even all that said it's a fun question that I'd like to try, it say a lot about people who won't attempt something fun and unusual. But what do you ask? You can't do fuzzbuzz for an hour. I'm sure I can show you a study that shows some of your questions are wrong. It's one question, at the end of the day every question can probably in isolation be said to be wrong. While they are answering a question like this you see many things, how the handle stress, how they handle something they don't know, how they communicate the solution or ask questions. We all know this question is not meant to be solved right? That bit's not rocket science. It's about how people tackle hard/impossible stuff they don't know. If you answer a question you don't know the solution to by walking out of the room, that to me is a fail and a good test. If they try and get defensive that to me means they are not good team players and won't ever ask for help. How else does one see if they are a team play in an interview? It's easy to bag the questions but people aren't really coming up with supposed solutions. Dunno. From a Crypto-Anarchy sort of perspective I would have thought diversity, even if it's Malibu Stacy with a new hat. The more systems the better. Entropy I would have though is the enemy of control. But could it weaken litecoin? Not sure. Could it allow more hedging and a stronger market, intuitively I would have though so. Confused rant. Pick a topic, servant to your employer or servant to pretty things? Studies show people who are employed are happier than ones who are not. I'm sure the grass is greener on the other side right now, but there's a lot of evidence employment gives people more meaning than not having it, it's why lotto winners don't do as awesome as one would think. 'Plagiarize'? 'Stealing'? No, not even close. No code was reused, any parts similar were reworked as far as I can see. A real shame they didn't dial it back and make it a fun article. Inspiration is something we all use. If I inspired someone so much they went off and made something similar that would make me proud. This wasn't a stolen 'code and all' website, at best 'some' parts that are pointed out as similar were recoded and reworked, as far as I can see. That's hard work. And this is why people get cranky at articles like this, people are not adult enough to take them as what they are, puff pieces to build the esteem of children. Could a 15 year old child invent safety equipment for the trillion $ mining corps. Of course not. People with 4 year degrees in engineering have as much commitment and inventiveness as children and money to boot. Plus a fully developed brain. As is always the case child age x invents new way to do blah, invents object blah they of course haven't. As a tired cliche does it have a place on HN. Is this site aimed in part at children is the question? This stuff is really interesting but is a million miles away from child-like. We've know for years washing your hands in hospitals saves lives. And we've know for years people are not doing it. Even just putting up signs helps an amazing amount, but even this isn't done. Cause it's a really hard problem. How does one improve the issue? Some hospitals are trying cameras, ranking deaths in hospitals, rfid tags tracking people making sure they wash. I'm willing to bet even though the checklist above is pretty close to proven most hospitals don't use it. [edit] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000087239639044462010457800... > I don't really understand why they couldn't use a regular treadmill belt with some piezoelectric sensor to detect lateral movements. Other than the obvious reason as they say, no moving parts(min 4 motors, moving belts etc) How would this work? How would one get coverage on a cone shaped walking zone, sounds to me like an engineering nightmare? > This destroys a non-technical user's grasp of the differences between static HTML and programatically manipulated HTML. I think this line says it all. Non-technical user don't even know what HTML is, the concept they'd ever "grasp of the differences between static HTML and programatically manipulated HTML"? Do these people live in the real world? Important as these stories are to get out, really they are handled by other news outlets quite well. Exactly what one learns from one incident, in one state, in one country is hard to say. The story has no round up of a greater meaning other than the one incident which leads the reader without any cause and effect. Is this American budgets cuts? Is this the problem with counties having to much power? Is this the militarisation of the police force? What is the trend here if any? As per news is bad for you, I think this is one of them. High stress, low information. Can you link to something where this scientific concept is from? I've only ever seen this in the cute not scientific video linked elsewhere here, and have taken it as false. A nice cute plot for a story but not true. I'd be interested to see something backing it up. So the idea of the program would be, with enough mis-information it starts working for everyone not just users of the program. (Else there's little point to it) So really it's not about the users it's about stopping them destroying your current accurate data. So all you need to do is identify if a user is a malicious one and ignore them. So how does one identify dodgy data? Benford's Law is one example. Of course this can be fought, but then you fight back and the war begins. If a person has no job and no basic income why would they commit less crimes than someone with no job and a basic income? Why wouldn't someone with no job but a basic income, if they wanted more money get a job? Yes, Math, Science is hard. It's not for everyone. People it's not suited to leave. So? More the issue is smart people who do other degrees(Or no degrees) that contribute less to society. We need them to do more Maths, Science. (From a herd point of view) Pretty sure this article is totally wrong on all it's assumptions on security being broken. All arrest to my knowledge were from people posting hashes in a public way. Statements like this are definitely wrong, this is NSA style stuff, if possible at all. I though there are only a handful (One?) md5 collisions found. "The relative weakness of md5 has led to hash spoofing attacks on the WinNY network." What sort of parents don't put their kids on medication even though it makes their lives easier? One they are probably hippies, but two I'd say they are quite invested in their child. Which to me could mean they put in enough extra effort to keep their kids grades high. I'd view the study cautiously. "The FSO has not commented on why it needs the old-fashioned devices. But an agency source told Russia's Izvestiya newspaper the aim was to prevent leaks from computer hardware." So someone already leaked they are trying to stop leaks. Very "Yes Minister" This sort of comment is exactly what is wrong what the world. What is your expertise in this area? Are you a anthropologist?? I suspect you are just one of these sick people who like the idea mini zoos with humans in them. These are human beings. They deserve access to modern medicines like the rest of us of the world even if you lose this precious zoo. How are their women treated? That is the ones who don't die in child birth? Going off other primitive societies probably not great no matter what the Hollywood idea of how these societies operate and everything is great. This sickness of how the majority of the population would never ever want to live like this if they had a choice but somehow the people living it are having the time of their lives is bizarre. For all we know this island is just another North Korea and although I respect nations statehood I don't pretend it's somehow a moral decision not to get involved. TL;DR; It's just an idea. Which any good entrepreneur knows is as valuable as leaves on a tree. Implementation is whats important. Except we know exactly how gravity works. If you google it all the exact equations are there. As you say exactly why is still a unknown but then so is everything if you keep reducing the problem. Lol. As Bill Gates puts it "Saudi Arabia [is] an example of why [he] believes limiting the rights women can hinder economic growth" "Education is bad in the middle east" so there's an opening, hmmm same in many parts of the western world yet the real silicon valley has yet to crack this one. Most of his examples are copies of western ideas localised. To me there real point here is there's a opening in localising software, once silicon valley cracks this idea it'll really take off. I'm also not sure he ever even mentions 'Saudi Arabia' Shame about the last dumb statement, since it is a interesting project that they seem to not understand. "If Peru can do this for its people, it makes you wonder why more prosperous countries can’t do the same." Which purely takes away from the whole concept of helping remote, poor people who a little electricity can mean a lot. As compared with the different issue of mass producing energy for high use, rich consumers in a efficient and environment friendly way. I think it's not really putting words in the submitters mouth since A. We all know it happens. B. It's replacing it with the actual title written by the author. It can't be confused with words written by the OP. Personally no rule is perfect and simple things like just changing it can work. We all know or quickly learn the rule. It could be worst like reddit style where the titles have collapsed and are consistently emotive/sensational/misleading to get the clicks. Seriously? Another here's a CGed idea not even close to being implemented? (Which is fine except 99% of the time is because it's not possible/practical) I know there's a claim there's a real version but not seeing pics of it? Or youtube? I cannot see in a world were we are trying to reduce energy use how wireless power is possible? Even if it's got some sort of feedback that allows it to be a highly concentrated beam between devices it still seems to me it'll be very lossy. Loss in the air. Loss in transforming the energy twice more than normal. Given the original title "The Inca Internet" why is it not just a mail system? This is a classic case of why mods should be changing titles. How on earth is this an Inca Internet?? This is why I clicked, I was intrigued how can the Incas have have had an Internet like thing? I then wasted a lot of time trying to see the relationship. But there is none. It's not even close to an Internet. I just got link baited. Welcome to Reddit. The article in itself is probably interesting, but I'm not big on being lied to. Other discussions about threads disappearing might be interesting but aren't really relevant in this thread. Am I the only one who thinks CNN should not be publishing this story. It's not vetted in any way, which leads to issues with both it's accuracy and the safety of the author who admits to suicidal thoughts and is currently in a bad mental state. > And eat some Vitamins The fact you think in any shape or form vitamins have a relevance to you shows you have a total miss understanding of food science and how it relates to you. Unless you are starving because of drought in a poor country or are living on the streets with an addiction, then fair enough. Pretty simple no. You're pretty sick if you think it is. Can connectivity give people things that should be human rights? I'd say probably not a efficient use of resources, but perhaps. If this is the best Facebook has to offer I'll take it. By that argument, if you believe in any human rights, if a worker is needed to enable it they also are slaves. Right to religious freedom/political beliefs etc then the police who defend you if attacked because of you're beliefs are then also slaves. They seem to not understand the issue or concepts very well or are pretty bad at explaining. The concept people might think you walk off a cliff and suddenly you're waiting for gravity from the ground to come up is bizarre. No one thinks that. Most people would think the gravity is the same as when you were one foot the other way on dirt. There's no instantaneous since nothing has changed (Except a bit of dirt below you is missing) It's seems more like a bad attempt to sound cute talking about cartoons. What scared me is it seems to originate from a MIT site. I assumed some sort of prank? http://www.technologyreview.com/view/518416/black-hole-analo... > Groundwater Contamination May End the Gas-Fracking Boom No it won't, even if the article showed there was harmful contamination, which it didn't. The only thing of interest in the article is Scientific American is resorting to untrue link baiting titles. Agreed, and the fact people here think insurance is not a scam is actually proving your point how they can't measure risks well even when pointed out to them. If you house burns down, sure that's reasonably catastrophically bad, But if you house burns down, there's a fair chance it'll happen at night, and there's is a fair chance you'll die. Don't spend money on insurance, spend it on stopping your house burning down. If there's a risk of it happening then the money should be spent on reducing that risk, not wasting it on, if I survive at least I won't be poor. But why are you worried about driving into a Lamborghini and not the fact it would mean you've had a car accident and you could be dead? This to me is where our perceived realities differ with real life. Spending the money on defensive driving and/or car safety makes much more sense, but we can only see the future where the accident happens (And we survive) not all the accidents we can stop. I have no idea about your girlfriends father and what happened but I'd prefer to spent money on not dieing than paying for what happens if I do. This I believe is a good reason why not to allow employees to work from home or even remotely for extended periods. Remote you could mitigate issues by making sure they go to shared offices where people tend to stay a while. This isn't the best article in the world on the issue, but it certainly needs looking into. Uuuugh. Link straight from Reddit, and probably an illegal act from the designer. (Sorry but that's probably the law, like it or not) Much as we all love to string people up, the reality is it's not professional, and probably not good for society. Where is the proof the designer got stiffed???? The reason everyone loves this is cause we love to string someone up, proof not needed. Not a healthy way to be. Wouldn't that mean bad grammar and misspellings are also fine? This article links to nothing about safety. It still amazes me in this day and age people still lack the ability to realise their culture is not the 'correct' one. Many countries eat raw fish all the time and manage not to die from it. OK people it's pretty simple. The scientific evidence is you can not undo the damage from sitting extended periods by exercise or anything else known. Current scientific evidence is you can only not sit. Like all things there is some science that says hey maybe it's not true but the trend is going towards not sitting. Interesting article. RE: Nuremberg Defence. Do you really think it would have been smart for the Germans to hire people who wouldn't have followed their orders? But in a profession environment, yep I'd agree you don't want all people who just follow orders, quite different to work environments where you want people to act more like machines aka call centres, sweat shops, army etc. Obviously a joke of some sort [or a mental breakdown], but lets all jump on board and take it seriously shall we. > the men had only 12 minutes of oxygen left when they were finally rescued Jesus, you seriously think we'd believe it's been 3 days then it goes down to 12 mins to death. Life is not hollywood, please stop trying to make it that. It's kinda interesting as it is. As wiki says it's just a legend.