Because on LinkedIn everyone is sucking up to prospective employers. That's the one and only reason it exists. Because of this everyone uses their real identity. And because of that it's also the most boring and fake social media platform around. Exactly. Look for China as an example where this is already happening today. They probably do but I guess many people have their profiles set to "Friends only". And on Twitter people don't usually use their real name. You can't use rainbow tables for WPA because the SSID is included in the hash. So the same password will result in a different key for different networks. Wow that's totally what I have too. I didn't think there was a name for it. I mean the delayed phase sleep disorder. Will talk to the doc about it. This is exactly what I fear: everyone outsourcing their filtering to a handful of big companies. These companies will then have the definitive say on what is posted online and what isn't. The Chinese will be jealous of our new censorship machine. They weren't effective. The same has already been implemented through a loophole with Canada (CETA) so US companies can already force their lower standards on us through their Canadian subsidiaries. Simple distraction and switch and playing into the mindset that Canada has somehow ties with Europe and is therefore 'good'. It's amazing how they get away with these things. Not really :) Consider a VT100. It could only go up to 19200 baud, and couldn't actually handle constant streams at that speed . However I do agree with the general message of the article. Current UX is a mess, websites are overblown by tons of javascript. There's no reason there should be loading spinners in this day and age with the power we have at our fingertips. Yes there was that but it also just couldn't handle the full speed continuously. It depended a lot what kind of commands were sent. Full text was fairly OK but drawing commands took a while as far as I remember. In any case, flow control was a must-have in those days. Either CTS/RTS or at least XON/XOFF I used them for my private VPSes but they became too big and business-like. I moved to Scaleway now, it's still in a much earlier stage, cheaper and with unlimited bandwidth. I like the way you can still talk directly to their guys on slack to ask questions. However they're becoming big too. I hope they'll still love us and I don't have to move again soon :) Wow... They can now move icons around. Seriously, if this is nowhere near the usability of Ubuntu Touch, which was abandoned because it didn't have a chance, how can this succeed? The first iPhone in 2007 could do this. Don't get me wrong, I would love to see a truly open Linux-based smartphone OS happen without the involvement of big business. I just don't think it's going to happen. If anyone has a shot it's sailfish and even that was too barebones to use last time I tried it (about 3 months ago), even with the Android compatibility layer. I actually like Reddit for this. Not being locked in the same circle with the same baby pictures etc. Of course it depends a lot which subreddits you use. Some are toxic. The more technically oriented ones are fine in my experience. I wonder if people will ever quit Facebook.. I mean after all the stuff that's happened and they still haven't. We had a discussion about this recently in my Spanish class. Someone asked me for my facebook and when I said I closed it long ago they were all like "eeewww privacy freak". So I explained my reasons, the abuse of personal data, the manipulation of the masses (Cambridge Analytica) and the others immediately sprang to life saying how horrible it all is. And turned out to have good knowledge of the facts. But yeah, it's so easy to stay in touch with friends.. Well yes I know, as an expat it's not easy without it. Still, their initial "ewww" reaction really surprises me considering their apprehension at Facebook's practices. Yeah annoying but you can click through to the site at the bottom without having to sign up ("Move on to site"). Well, Mozilla is in a hard place. They're already losing browser marketshare, and they don't want to annoy people by breaking stuff. A lot of these people use Google and Facebook services and don't understand when these sites get broken. That'll give Firefox a bad name and hurt its marketshare even more. uBlock origin is a third-party project they don't control so I can't blame them for not including it. I agree about the analytics and telemetry though. Smaller codebase means less chance of bugs. But I agree, it should really be audited properly before this statement can be made. Wow, 10k$/month is a lot more than a 'sustainable full-time job' would pay :) At least here in Europe. But of course what he's getting now ($1212) is nowhere near that. Ok I didn't know that. I heard IT wages in the US were good but I didn't think they were that good. Here in Spain you're doing well with $2200 and that's a senior position at a big multinational. Those greenhouses are the size of many football fields.. Putting tarps over them is a job that will take many days :) But yeah shutters or something smarter (like two-state glass) should work IMO. I think you even get glass that can switch to mirror mode. From the article: "From former schoolmates who now work in the medical profession, I learned that medical workers were not given medical supplies and were exposed to a risk of death. Many people wonder: Why didn't they go on strike? It is because they were informed that if they went on strike, their licenses to practice medicine would be revoked and their family members' jobs would be affected." I'm sure that this kind of thing will not happen in Germany and UK. It's not really the handling of the virus situation, it's his realisation that he's living in a totalitarian state that he's writing about. Oh that's a blast from the past. I used to use this all the time for testing international calls. "Welcome to Moviefone, brought to you by the new york times!" Thanks for making this! :D It would be, but how do you go through the whole install every time you need it? It's like the Ozone layer and acid rain. Climate sceptics often use these as an excuse. "Yes but there was sooo much hubbub about those and it proved to be nothing". Well, yes it is nothing now because it was decisively and effectively handled. The ozone layer is still recovering but on a steady path there, and acid rain is reduced to the point of not really being an issue anymore (at least in the western world!). Stuff really would have gone wrong with Y2K. Maybe not armageddon but yes. There was a problem. Who wrote that article? It reads like Chinese that was put through a bad version of google translate. I mean really who uses 'cum' in an official article (even though it's not in an NSFW context and technically used correctly). It's a word that has fallen into disuse because its 'other' use has taken over its association entirely :) You won't find this in a serious publication. And this "Distance reconnaissance: 400 km with 20 m wrong; Number of goals can stick to 200 targets simultaneously." Whatever it is, this ain't English. Oh dear.... Never heard of this but I'm glad the cold war is over. "Alright chaps, let's bury some 10 kiloton nuclear mines in Germany in case the Russians come.", From wikipedia: "deny occupation of the area to an enemy for an appreciable time due to contamination" "It was judged that the risks posed by the nuclear fallout and the political aspects of preparing for destruction and contamination of allied territory were too high to justify. " Ummmmmm yeah WOULD YOU THINK??? "One particularly remarkable proposal suggested that live chickens be included in the mechanism. The chickens would be sealed inside the casing, with a supply of food and water; they would remain alive for a week or so. Their body heat would, it seems, have been sufficient to keep the mine's components at a working temperature." Ok...... Now I'm really wondering if the Soviets were the crazy ones. I really haven't seen it in that context for the last 15 years or so :) Maybe it's just me :) But really the whole article reeks of Engrish, it's not just that. Just wondering, I use a CPAP machine... If I were to get this, could I use that to keep going at home? (Perhaps with a higher setting). It sounds like the same thing. CPAP masks do leak air but contamination doesn't really matter as I live alone. Yeah I hate ZOOM sooo much. First there was the issue with them turning on the camera by default. At least you could turn that off. Then there was the spyware they installed on every Mac without even asking for consent. And now this... Since the spyware thing I refuse to install their crap on my machine, but one of our suppliers still uses it and the web client is very choppy.. But they'll just have to put up with it. I'm never installing it again. Yeah that's an issue with many 'modern' apps. MS Teams does the same :( I really preferred slack but now that MS throws Teams in for free we have to cope with that. I still use RSA mainly because Yubikey doesn't support them yet with OpenPGP keys.. I felt the increase in security usage was a worthy compromise to using RSA with a key length that's not yet broken. I think Fido2 mode does support it but I don't know whether I trust Fido2 fully for SSH.. Especially because it seems to still store a private key locally, which defeats the whole purpose of using a hardware key (I saw this here: https://developers.yubico.com/SSH/ ). The whole idea is to not have the private key anywhere but inside the token itself. It's also a bit early in development where RSA has proven itself. It has some known weaknesses (including high quantum computing vulnerability) but they're well understood. Ouch... Nasty stuff. I had no idea. Thanks for explaining all this in plain English because that paper is Chinese to me :) Nice, I like this!! It should be standard in Kali :) Azorian is not news though, even in 2017 it wasn't :) This is why something serverless is needed. Then there is nobody to sue. I feel you man. I live in Spain and we have been in this since the 12th of March. I live alone and it's horrible. It's a total nightmare. I'm not even sure what's the point of living anymore. The virus can't be that bad. I really miss walking in nature, there's mountains nearby and I always walked there to clear my head. Now the walls are coming at me. I really wish they would let us go out but with care (observing the 1,5m etc).. Like in other coutries with more sane politicians. This is extremely cruel. I'm sure it's very safe and all but this is killing me inside too. Literally if this lasts a few more months I will not be able to live with it. The first few weeks I spent time cleaning up and doing some online learning but the constant state of extreme anxiety makes this impossible now. I wish I could just go in a coma for a few months (or years, however long it takes). Yeah well at least you can go out to run. Here in Spain we're completely imprisoned :( It's a nightmare and really detrimental to our health (especially mental). I'm actually trying to work 24/7 as much as possible because it keeps the anxiety at bay a bit.. But there's 4 days off from tomorrow which is going to be the hardest yet. And the government just announced they want to extend it until at least the 10th of May. I'm already contemplating the point of life and the company scaling down our jobs is also not helping. The economy is a huge problem. And the lockdown is literally killing me mentally. I'd rather take a 1% chance of dying from the virus than a 25% chance of killing myself if this lasts a few months more. And I'm only 1 month in now. Well look how the countries with decent healthcare are fairing, like Germany. Not many deaths per infected people. And the nordic countries. Look how Spain, Italy and France are fucking up after spending year after year cutting funding to healthcare ever since the 2007 recession. So yes it is their failure too. Maybe not totally as nobody could have prepared for this, but governments have been seeing healthcare as an 'indivual's problem' rather than a 'community problem' for far too long. Yeah for me the worst is not knowing how long this is for. And the complete refusal to relax even a little bit. If I could just go out for a walk on my own... This would give me so much stability and would compromise nobody. There's mountains nearby where I can walk for hours without meeting anyone. But I need to walk a couple km through the city to get there and the chance of getting caught is too high. I don't really have any annoyances to be honest. Just complete anxiety :'( I'm not worried about the virus at all. The solitude is literally much more life-threatening for me. The lockdown is hitting where it really hurts because I have a strong tendency for depression. Yeah indeed, videoconferencing is super depressing. I completely stopped doing it (except for work), as it enforced my emptiness even more. You're right :'( The day the lockdown was announced I was gearing up for a big walk in the mountains but people were already getting scared and my friends advised me not to go.. Which I followed. I soo regret not going now. Make the most of it while you can! Well, I can't really blame the population for not taking it seriously. Even the Spanish government talked it down strongly. And to be fair, it could have fizzled out like SARS version 1 did in the early 2000's. This is SARS version 2 after all. True, I will probably switch to something like that. The problem with tor I don't like is that it's no longer the lighthouse of freedom it once was. It's too tainted by all the perverts and heavy criminals that abuse its power. The same happened with Freenet sadly and completely killed it for the mainstream public. This "slimy" feeling is slowly corroding tor as well. I can't help but feel it does need some kind of control, not identification of peers but some kind of banhammer. Also, the anonimity tor/tox provides is not really needed as I'll use it to communicate with people who know who I am anyway. Finally, tor isn't exactly serverless either. Governments could shut it down if they wanted to. But I think they rely on it too. I'm sure they run exit nodes to keep tabs on things and I'd imagine they use it for communication with their own spies. After all, it was invented by the US government itself for such reasons. Lexapro does pretty much nothing for me :( But I'm only on 10... If I could talk to my doctor I would definitely ask for more (though I hate the side effects) but it's impossible to get an appointment now :( Ok that is impressive... Very well done. And then to imagine I paid thousands for one back in the day (though my dad's work "PC at home" project). I could have just waited 35 years and spent 1 buck for the ESP8266 :) If you're interesting in building your own you can get a 12" one from waveshare: https://www.waveshare.com/product/displays/e-paper/12.48inch... This is the black/white one, they do a black/white/red one too. But beware, they take really long to refresh (the red color takes several refreshes to appear). And the one with red is on backorder till June. It can be powered by a raspberry pi (or ESP32 or Arduino) and is (much) cheaper than the ereader options of the same size: Only about $170. PS Beware: You can't simply start up a user interface like X-Windows on it. You have to write software to display on it. The display is addressed in 4 separate sections so it's not super easy. Stupid question but why is your username green and all the others' are black? :) Ahh that makes sense, thanks!! I thought it was more like "verified" or something. That will have.... unintended consequences. "Are you afraid of COVID-19 or are you just happy to see me?" :') But seriously, it can't be good to walk around with a boner all day every day. Could be intimidating for women too. And embarrassing for men. Maybe if it's effective to people already infected and in hospital anyway. But I couldn't see this socially feasible as a preventative drug. I never heard of this one.. But really cool. When I read it first I thought it was some Linux distro customised to run Wine, but it looks like they went the full way from scratch to cleanroom re-engineer Windows. Wow! Nice effort. I only use LinkedIn and when I do, I use it in a container so it can't spread its cookies. LinkedIn is pretty mild anyway in contrary to anything Facebook with their tracking pixels. And unfortunately you can't really do without LinkedIn if you want a job in IT. Yeah this is why I'm still against it. I know it can be run safely. But disposing of stuff that can be extremely dangerous for 20.000 years is not as easy. It already eats through the containers it's in and up to date storage facilities are meant to last 100 years at most. They're just storing it now "until we find a safe method for long term storage". Which is really worrying. Plutonium is a lot more dangerous than you let on. It's also extremely toxic. A few dust particles in the lungs are enough to kill a person over time. This is assuming that our level of technology keeps advancing. Given the level of political instability in our world I would take that far from granted. Yes, the Thunderbolt 1 to Ethernet adapter works with ESXi. I use it with my Mac Mini 2011 running ESXi. You can upgrade the memory on the 2018 mini, but yes that's it. Strange that the commit is from 2018 but it was only included in the patch level of February 5? At least Samsung is pretty good about updating patches. Not android versions, no, but at least I still get monthly patches. My S8 already has this one. It's a lot more than just 'looking silly'. The lockdown kills many jobs leading to people losing hope and triggering a recession worse than 2007's. That will have its death toll too. But this situation will also lead to deaths. I already hear the mental hospitals are overflowing. And really, if we would do everything possible to prevent deaths, we would have tackled traffic, alcohol, poverty, pollution etc. In some countries even poor healthcare overall (Trump is still fighting 'Obamacare'). It's not as black and white as this; the virus isn't the only problem in our society. Nice!!! What iOS really needs to make this useful though is a way to project to a proper screen and keyboard/mouse configuration. Like Samsung DeX. Kinda hoping this will happen as they are making the iPad Pros more like a computer. Socialising, not really... It's not as good for socialising than webcamming IMO. I tried some apps like VR chat and altspace but they're too clumsy, and the avatars are too disconnected from the chat taking place. The tech isn't there yet. We need eye tracking, full body tracking and facial expression recognition. It's great for feeling like being outside of the house (we're in full lockdown in Spain) but that's all. Didn't stop them from making Unicode an overcomplicated clusterfuck of combination codes though... Referring to things like this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner . It's become almost impossible to build an accurate parser now. You're so right... Unicode is making things too complex, and intruding on various formatting issues. Case in point: The skin tone modifiers. Or this stuff: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner There doesn't exist any parser that does it 100% correct. And parsing it is becoming so complex that it's causing bugs and vulnerabilities (it's not a coincidence that so many remote exploits use some kind of unicode to trigger it). 100% agree! I hate snaps and Ubuntu is overdoing it too much now. I've moved to Alpine for servers and Arch for desktop now. Yep I couldn't imagine our Fortune 500 company ever allowing access without it. Microsoft did have a choice. They could simply have hidden the disable auto update (and telemetry for that matter!) somewhere deeper in the OS where non-techie users will never find it. Or even a registry key or whatever. Henry Ford was a total dick and not customer-focused at all. Personally I don't want FlatPak either except maybe for 1 or 2 apps where the sandboxing actually makes sense. It's still a waste of resources just to appease lazy maintainers. Ubuntu went totally overboard with their snaps, putting everything in it trying to force it to become a standard. But FlatPak is not great either even though it is an open standard. It's nice for the 1 or 2 niche apps that aren't available any other way, but for the most part I prefer normal packages. In your own company you're free to do what you want. I can understand the reason for this. Now that most suppliers treat their devices as 'black boxes' and call home to install updates whenever they want, the security team no longer has visibility nor control over this. So much stuff runs Linux which we don't manage but still has to have full access to our network. And public repositories have been compromised and spread malware in the past. So yeah I totally understand this, even though as an enterprise Admin it's a total PITA to manage the root CAs. It does yes, but it also prevents the user changing it (or it changes it right back if they can). But it is possible that the feature requires a domain join to actually work, or perhaps the Enterprise edition of Win10. I didn't look into it. It's annoying having to set up a whole windows domain just to disable this though :( True, LTSB/C is really really nice. It doesn't come with any of the crap/bloatware that MS package in the normal editions either. It's just clean and does its job. I love it. It's just really hard to get officially for consumers. They should sell it to everyone that wants it. And yeah, Ubuntu Desktop is kinda the "Windows Home Edition" of Linux though. Something like Arch, Debian or Alpine won't do this to you. When I want to learn something I usually do so by doing. I try to set a goal of something I want to achieve. Set up a system with Arch linux with full encryption and LVM was something I wanted to do this weekend. I hadn't used that for a few years. I really struggled getting UEFI to work and I could simply have reverted to MBR/BIOS but I really wanted to figure out why it didn't work. In the end I figured it out, and in addition I learned a whole lot about how UEFI worked on the way there. And LVM and LUKS as well as I screwed a few things up and managed to fix them without reinstalling :P I knew about all these, but not to the depth I do now. If I'd just ran through the Ubuntu installer I wouldn't have known this. Doing things the hard way is the best for learning. And more rewarding because you get exactly what you want. I find I pick things up super quickly (at least in the IT realm) so usually I don't do a deep dive until I run into issues. I do try to get a handle on the overall architecture though. So I set things up the right way, and then I figure out the nuts & bolts along the way. I'm not someone for crunching through textbooks. One thing I personally hate is tutorial videos, especially Youtube. I find them paced way too slow, whereas with text you can be super fast. So I never use video learning until I have to. I absolutely hate the stupid automated courses we have to do in work. Like office safety etc we have to repeat every year. They're really made for the lowest common denominator, which is apparently someone who can't understand more than 10 words per minute :( And when you're working on something, try to not use youtube, facebook etc. Don't go looking for distraction. Unless you're really banging your head on the wall on a problem, then it may help to do something else for a bit. And try not to ask others if you can't figure something out. If you figure it out yourself it's more rewarding and much more educational and memorable. It also avoids being "that guy" :) Tracking progress, I can't help with that. I often change my priorities as I go along, leaving stuff half-finished because I found something better or more interesting to do. So be it... I like not having a destination, and having a wide range of knowledge has helped me a lot in my job. What helps is that I live alone and technology is my job and my passion so I'm not struggling for time. I don't really care if I don't finish something if it turned out it wasn't really what I was looking for, or I found something else that was more interesting. I hate using "methodologies", I always think something that someone else invented can't be perfect for me. I like to make my own way. I do sometimes look at them and pick out bits I like. For this reason I also avoid doing certification trajectories. And also because I think they are too much "the world according to" Microsoft/Cisco/etc. I care about technology, not about one particular company's take on it. But anyway, don't take my advice for granted. Find out and then do what works for you. That's my #1 bit of advice. Everyone is different. I'm not very typical actually. I have very low discipline but yet I'm actually very effective (including in my job) because I have very deep interest and motivation. What helps me is just not worrying about the things I didn't finish. What's important to me is the journey, not the end result. Even a failed or unfinished project provided lessons along the way. I really agree with the comment of adamcharnock below who said it should be fun. Absolutely agree. If something is super boring then don't do it unless you absolutely need it for some reason like a better job (but really how much better is it if you're going to be doing something you don't like?) > Additionally, perhaps anecdotally, concepts that you learn have much better staying power in your memory when you have an actual need to learn them. Totally agree there!! A very important point to take away. But the data is fairly static isn't it? You're not constantly updating the blacklists? Well, why not? 60.000 isn't a huge amount for a modern computer. If they're known to contain ads/trackers you want to block, then why not include them? It might make sense though to do a periodic run through them to see if they still exist. That's called PR and spin. Having said that I know nothing of Palantir, today was the first time I heard of it. But I would never ever believe anything a CEO says in the media that can't be validated. Their very job is setting the company in a positive light above all else. Especially when it comes to vague terms about company ideals that can't be proven. And 10 years is an eternity in IT. Remember Google had their motto "Don't be evil". Look how that turned out. That's true... In a way I think this will actually hamper their efforts. After all: With the corona tracing apps, people are becoming much more aware that their data is used to trace them. A lot of people I know are talking about leaving their phones at home when they go out. Considering the carriers have had this data forever and are probably sharing it, this awareness is a good thing for privacy. It does now but it's possible it was bought before that time. Would the Go 2 run Linux OK? I had a Surface Pro 3 for a while and though I got Linux running on it, I never managed all the tablety stuff working properly. Rotation, Pen + Touch input (at the same time without randomly cutting out!!), auto keyboard popup on input fields with no keyboard connecting, the keyboard actually working after being removed and reconnected, etc etc... It was a great machine but Linux lacked support for this type of support in many ways. I wonder if this has improved as this was many years ago when the SP3 was just out. Probably true too though. One of the problems with MS' approach is trying to get a "one UI fits all" approach which just doesn't work, the usecases between tablet and desktop are too different. Even Apple hasn't made this mistake and they're all about simplicity and consistency. Yes, tablet mode on Win8 was good! The problem was ramming it down the throat of all the desktop users too. I still don't understand how such a big company can make such obviously bad decisions. Yes and it's not like they're going anywhere. Especially on the keyboard the cable is a non-issue IMO. I highly prefer wired keyboards. The only reason to have a wireless keyboard is liking the look of a total wire-free desk (which I don't care about). And with the mouse it's just a minor annoyance (empty batteries are a bigger one so I have that wired too). That's a bit difficult right now :) Seriously, since we have been in lockdown for 2 months my wrists are much more sensitive. I did use the powerball for a bit but I don't have the patience for brainless exercise. I love walking in nature. Oh, WiFi worked fine for me even then! Thanks for the feedback! I hadn't heard much about IPFS but the way this is built, with the immutability and hash keys etc, sounds very much like FreeNet. That's the first thing I thought of, and predates this by about 20 years. I remember when that promised to be the next big thing and save us from the commercialisation of the internet that was in full swing then. Unfortunately, that didn't turn out very well. Let's just say the 'fringes of free speech' took the upper hand and really started defining the platform in the public view, to the point of being strongly associated with the platform. Why would you run a node if it was mainly used for horrible stuff. Same as what happened to tor services, but to a bigger extent. I really believe in the idea freedom of speech. But some kind of control is unfortunately needed. Otherwise a platform like this will always spiral out of control and kill itself. I think it's one of those things that sounds great in theory but doesn't work in real life. Perhaps some kind of user voting could be implemented, but it would be extremely slow, too slow to catch up with new content being published. It's a very hard thing to tackle. Free speech is unfortunately not as black and white as its advocates like to see it. Yes, the drop shadows introduced in Win98 (IIRC) really helped readability of filenames on top of desktop wallpapers. It was a much nicer method than just backgrounding the text with a fixed colour like Win95 did. I can't wait for this one!!! Especially now with the current lockdown :( X-Plane 11 doesn't quite cut it. However it will have to support VR otherwise it's a non-starter. Thanks! I hadn't heard of this method. One question though: What will prevent the ad providers from asking their customers to add an A/AAAA record to one of their IPs? That'll be much harder to combat for an adblocker especially because those IPs will usually be shared with actual content services. Of course this'll add overhead to the visited website manager because the IPs will probably change regularly as they're pointing to cloud services. But I'm sure they'll manage to automate this. I bet this will be the next step in this cat & mouse game. Price-wise it'll probably be a no-brainer. Even though a pi can come as cheap as 2 or 3 coffees. A zero is sufficient for pi-hole. But it's about taking control too. Personally I wouldn't like taking a service even if it were free, over hosting something myself, especially when it's made as easy as Pi-hole does. Yeah that docker is great! Though it lags behind a bit, it's still on 4.2.2. They recommend the AdGuard Home one now... That's why they have replaced it. I also don't like it as AdGuard is a commercial company, and I have zero need for the added features like parental control. But I don't really care, I run all the dockers that have nothing to do with home assistant outside of hassio anyway. I do exactly that, though I run my VPN in the cloud (a scaleway instance which is only 3 euro per month). Using algo for the vpn: https://github.com/trailofbits/algo . I can highly recommend it! Though I had some issues with play store updates being blocked but that's resolved now. Unfortunately google play services are essentially one big spyware collection so it makes sense for it to block them. I also had to manually provision my Android phone on IKEv2 (ipsec), Algo used to provide a strongswan config but unfortunately they dropped this in favour of wireguard. But you can still set it up manually (and on Samsung devices you don't even need strongswan). Wireguard is faster, yes, but my work blocks pretty much every port they don't know, except IKEv2/ipsec because many contractors use it to connect to their work :) > The lockdown protests from people who want to return to work (to be distinguished from the protests from people who want others to return to working for them) are from people who need to work to survive and don't have remote work options - there are other things the government could do to meet the underlying demands besides saying, okay, you can go to work. In general, it's not that they want to leave their house, it's that they have to. That's not the only reason for people to protest it. I can work from home just fine, but the lockdown is really hurting me because I already suffer from depression and the last 2 months of solitary confinement hasn't done me any good (to say the least). I would go to the office if I could, I really need the social contact. I know some others in work feel the same. There wouldn't be that many of us so it would be pretty safe anyway. It would make sense to let the people who are willing to risk it return to work first. To be honest a few more months of this carries a much higher mortality risk for me than that virus. As a result I'm not worried about that. I'd rather run a small (and pretty preventable with hygiene measures) risk of dying free than my mental health declining rapidly from being locked up. I'm careful around other people anyway. I also think the "public health above everything" mentality that's prevalent now is a bit hypocritical, as most countries have been heavily cutting healthcare spending over the last years without much uproar. Trump himself has been gaining popularity by denying people healthcare over the past years (think Obamacare). Overdoing (and criticising others for less actively implementing) the covid measures is just the latest "cool" politically-correct thing people want to be seen doing. Like when everyone was buying electric cars to show how much they cared about the environment (even though not buying a car but using public transport was still a lot better for it!) What I mean is that here there's been a lot of threads in the local forums of people speaking shame about others not wearing masks, some people have even started logging statistics and taking photos. Whereas masks are not mandatory here and are in fact very hard to get. I just hate that 'holier than thou' attitude. The situation in the hospitals is now well under control here, which is what we were told it was all about. Well, the problem with providing a platform for truly free speech is that there's always someone ready to find that extreme niche that is really not acceptable to even the staunchest free-speech advocate. As you say, the 'almost' is an important thing. As soon as you permit everything, someone crazy will find that niche and start overflowing your platform with it because they have nowhere else to go. I'm not doing the demonizing, just pointing out that this inevitably happens. PS: Who's against lesbians??? I'm pretty sure they are by law protected against discrimination, including the US? Oh that's too bad... I suppose this has to do with their console focus (considering the Xbox doesn't do VR). Otherwise, I don't understand why anyone would make a simulator now without VR. It makes the difference between day and night. I don't think it's live on latest. I just did a fresh pull again (I did it a couple hours ago too) but I don't see the new bar graphs nor the local DNS option. Edit: Oops I didn't wipe the container. Works now! I know. But still I would prefer something a non-profit or volunteer-driven project over one from a for-profit company. Especially in the adblocking business where investor concerns are very likely not going to be aligned with consumer interests. It's not about it being free, I support several free open source projects with donations. I just don't like the clashing interests. For me that means Firefox, uBlock Origin and pihole (though I ran dnsmasq myself for a while, I like what they've made of pihole now, it's come a long way!) Thanks, I agree with you and I like your writeups with references.. Will keep your blog on my reading list! But can it do a drive-by??? This is so true... Youtube is kind of the new blog because so many people don't like writing but they love seeing themselves on screen. This made it too commercial. All the top youtubers do it just for the sponsorship. People like Linus Tech Tips etc, all this "check this out from our sponsors" crap. It really put me off Youtube. The only ones I still watch are zero punctuation and EEVBlog. Dave is also doing it as a job but at least he didn't become annoying. Besides, I really prefer to read over watching videos as I can do it at my own pace. Except in cases where a lot is shown like EEVBlog, it makes sense there. But easy platforms exist. Wordpress is still there :) You just have to keep it up to date like a hawk. Yeah the backup is really bad... WhatsApp put so much effort into the E2E encryption and then just dumped the backups on Google. It was all just window dressing. I bet this is also why the intelligence agencies aren't pounding on them for having E2E encryption, obviously Google is an open book to them. And Google has access to all your history for their own purposes. Of course you can choose to turn off the backups, but you can't be sure all your contacts are doing the same. Skype is still way better for those. I use both regularly, WhatsApp has choppy video and phone-like audio whereas Skype has smooth video and HQ audio. I only use WA with contacts that don't have skype. How is this still IRC? :) I'd prefer to see more expansion on the IRC protocol side rather than clients adding their own non-standard augmentations. Things like server-side scrollback, connection persistence without a bouncer, push notifications for mobile would be great. I currently use Quassel server with QuasselDroid app to achieve these things with works well but again it's a client thing only. IRCCloud does a similar thing though not self-hosted. I'd love to see IRC make some big strides like it did in the 90s. I don't care about video etc though. It shouldn't become another whatsapp or facebook messenger. Though embedding pictures would be useful. I know IRCv3 is a thing but development is way too slow and isn't really taking the new requirements of the mobile world into account. But clients adding proprietary stuff that only works with themselves has nothing to do with the idea of IRC. Also funny that the "Soviet Enemy MiG-28"s from Top Gun were in fact F-5's with red stars painted on them, making that a bit less far-fetched :D I never knew they actually captured one of those. I really respect ADS-B exchange choosing to not block anything like the commercial alternatives do. Those block anything military and many private jets etc from their views. Basically anyone who asks is excluded from view. Of course anyone with a $10 RTLSDR stick can see this info too but ADS-B exchange make it much more accessible. Yes you can see also that the shockwave arrives at the camera more than a second later. Sounds great! I hope there will soon be a plugin for Home Assistant for this At the moment I use openweathermap but interested in better ones. I used to do all my notetaking in Tomboy. It had very few features (no embedding of pictures even) but it was lightning-fast and you could add links on the go just by typing them. One of the big benefits was that there were keyboard shortcuts for literally everything. However the application was deprecated and the "NG" version of Tomboy didn't have the same performance. I moved to OneNote for the pictures which didn't help. I find snapping screenshots of meeting is much less helpful to memorise them than trying to filter them down to a few lines of written summary during the meeting itself. It requires more active listening rather than the practice of "let's snap all the slides in case I ever need to look at them later" Unfortunately all the recommended apps here seem to be Electron which tend to be slow and wasteful and have poor keyboard control. I don't think this will work for me. But in general, the practice of notetaking itself is in my opinion more important than the linking and method of storing them. It helps store information in our brain which is the fastest database we have :) This blog seems to be down. Yeah I can't deal with the new keyboards myself. Especially the butterfly ones, but even the new redesigned ones are too thin for me. Edit: Lol, the page works again and the keyboard is the one thing he does like :) I can't imagine this but I did notice the new keyboards are highly polarising. Some people love them, some hate them (like me). I really love the keyboards on the thicker thinkpad laptops I use in work as well (I use many computers in work ;) ) In addition you now have to pay full price for upgrades as everything is soldered, and the platform is being dumbed down to the level of iPad Plus. I'm just not really interested anymore. I still use them for work (with external keyboard) but the attraction of a great strong POSIX compliant platform with a good user interface is long gone. It's not really static. It's actually induction of the transformer (probably to parts of its shielding) that can't be released to ground. You can tell because it immediately disappears when you unplug it. Static electricity would take longer to build up. And generally will not build up in metal objects but rather in insulators. Lol... A bit late to grow a conscience isn't it? Better late than never I suppose. But it's clear Facebook has always been rotten to the core. After the Cambridge Analytica thing, Zuckerberg practically lying in inquiries... Yeah we all chipped in and got a Nespresso machine :P That's quite contrary to the whole CCC philosophy though of freely sharing knowledge. But indeed he linked to it himself. One thing I don't like about Signal though, is that he forbids third-party clients. It's a bit contrary to owning your information, which is one of the points he makes in the talk. One of the reasons I want this is to integrate all my chats into one single app - there's too many apps right now screaming for attention. That's why I'm more a fan of Matrix, which is truly open. Gas powered model engines are not that unreliable, even for model airplanes. One made it all the way across the atlantic: https://amablog.modelaircraft.org/amamuseum/2017/03/29/trans... Ok, the first 4 were lost but this is a huge journey with limited fuel and bad weather. And navigation was a problem too. The big benefit of gas powered in larger vehicles is both the easy fast refueling and the higher energy density of fuel. Combustion engines for model airplanes are heavier than their electric counterparts because you can only scale things down so much, you still need to contain a constant fire and the associated pressure. And in this usecase the slow recharge isn't really an issue anyway. It also makes sense for marketing reasons, being 'green'. Even though if fuel were used, you could probably run this entire company for a year on the fuel a semi truck would burn to drive 100km :) I don't think it would be a bad thing for the environment if a company like this would use fossil fuel, it's still a lot less wasteful than the alternatives. Nor reddit by the way! I think platforms are OK to publish this as long as it's behind an "NSFW" wall/toggle. But platforms like Facebook choose not to have one (not to mention that the policy of real names isn't really compatible with posting NSFW content) This isn't really equivalent to a kindle though. The fonts are basic, there's no enclosure. Fonts are a huge thing for eReaders and Amazon has spent a lot of time perfecting them. It's also important to remember that it's perfectly possible to use the Kindle without DRM. You can just put your own books on it with a cable, though you'll have to convert them to MOBI as it doesn't do ePub. The same can be done with other brands like Kobo, which can take raw ePub. Also, the Kobo's can be pretty easily modified as they just run plain Linux, I'm running PyGame on an older one. The entire OS was simply on an internal SD card so really easily modified (though not sure if the new ones can be modified too). I think the problem with DRM and ebooks is not the readers. It's the availability of books without DRM... Basically the "GOG" of eBook stores. Even if you have an open eBook reader, where are you going to get the books from? I think for the reader, I would prefer to buy commercial hardware as look and feel is an important thing for a device you will interact with a lot. Similar to the way us Open Source aficionados don't build our own laptops, but do use free software :) This is macOS. Every major and some minor versions are breaking, especially from an enterprise point of view :) Good! I always thought it was a stupid name as it was associated with violence. I would mostly view the term in a negative light. Why use it for an app you're proud of? I would object to it being called Matrix though as it's only one of the many Matrix clients. It's already becoming too major IMO :) This is probably a result of most Matrix development being done by Modular, but it should remain a multi-client network as that's one of its strengths. They already called it Vector before, not sure what was wrong with that. Was a much better name IMO. Strong link with the name of the Matrix network. Anyway I wonder what the new name is. Yeah it was an excellent name. Strong link with the "matrix" network and no weird associations with violence like Riot. I always assumed it was some trademark crap that made them drop the name Vector but I don't think they ever communicated the reason. It's very hard to find some name that's not trademarked by someone somewhere, or even a close resemblance to it. Consider the eelo Android distribution, they had to change because one tiny consulting company had a trademark for something resembling it (not even the same name, and not the same industry at all!) Yeah but consider other brands that are mainstream now. They sound kind of stupid too.. I mean.. Google? Yahoo? Go Daddy? Duck Duck Go? Really I wonder how these made it past initial adoption sometimes :) I think the name is not so important as long as it doesn't have a negative context. It's more about the overall brand identity. And now they're household names. Thanks, great to see they feel that way too! I still think Vector was a great name for a Matrix client. I don't think it would put off non-techies really, but I'm looking forward to seeing what you're coming up with! I'd really love a proper IDE that works inside a terminal, I suppose this won't either? What I'm looking for is something like VS Code but that does its window drawing using curses. Not something as barebones as vim or emacs. VS Code for terminal would really describe it well. It would be really handy to be able to jump into a remote machine and work on code that way without much lag or the need for heavy GUI stacks Basically just VS Code but in a terminal window. Really wish something like that existed (or maybe it does but I don't know about it). Yeah $35 is nothing really. If I end up using it I'd gladly pay that to support them, even if I don't use it commercially. Look at what something like Visual Studio or IntelliJ cost for a commercial license :D This is nothing. Thanks for the tip!! It sounds like something difficult to learn and set up though :) That's one thing I like about VS Code, it's quick to get into. Do you have any guide to get started? Thanks to you also! I can learn vim (better), that's not a huge problem (and it has some really useful shortcuts for stuff that take ages to do in a visual editor). I'm just not looking forward to figuring it all out if you know what I mean. Not trying to be critical but it does sound like a lot less accessible. Just to give some background: I'm not someone that spends hours in an IDE every day. I'd just like something to easily install and that I can just jump into, and that makes less frequently used features easy to find with a menu or something. Basically VS Code but then ideally in a terminal so that I can run it inside tmux, and so it will work fine over a slower connection. VS Code, while suboptimal IMO with its Electron implementation, does show the way for an accessible IDE with great support for plugins. Even someone who doesn't use it daily can figure it out. But it's GUI only :( I don't envy you... And as a software dev you don't want to be spending hours on legal stuff either. I do love the way you have the price so low. Oh I didn't know of that, that sounds interesting. I'll give that a try, thanks! Thank you so much! Will try this out. I wonder where he is getting the data from. I'd love to have live data from the Barcelona subway network. It happens a lot that I arrive at a station and a train is just leaving. During peak hours they go every couple of minutes but later at night it could be 10 minutes. Well yes but that's all part of the popularity. When a consumer would google "Go daddy" before the company was popular, they probably wouldn't find much unless they had safe search off ;) A "Yahoo" is kind of a weird person if I understand the term correctly, or a statement of joy. Searches for that wouldn't have turned up anything else until the company got big. And Google, it would probably turn up a wikipedia page about strange looks. In fact it's quite a weird term when you think of it. Though of course wikipedia wasn't around when Google was founded. My point is, this goes for all brands until they're popular. But anyway we know it's not going to be Vector again. Looking forward to seeing the new name. Spain has Verse and Bizum (from Caixabank). WhatsApp does payments??? I never knew of this. In fact I see no sign of it in the app whatsoever. Must be a regional thing? Just wondering (not criticising), why would the government create and run multiple systems doing the same? Is this something to do with the differences between regional states in India? It is everywhere in Europe but there is a problem with IBAN transfers. It exposes a lot of details, like your name and your bank branch, to the receiver. And some sites accept IBAN numbers for small payments without any other kind of authentication. It's an electronic version of the times when we used to mail transfer cards to do transfers, but this day and age needs a lot more privacy protection. Same with other old tech like the phonebook. Who gets themselves listed anymore? It leaves you open to way much spam and scammy crap calls. I'm surprised nobody has mentioned this but you can also use a hardware FIDO2 token for Webauthn. Like a Yubikey. This is ideal if you use many computers. If you need to sign in on a borrowed computer you visit the site, it'll ask you to insert the yubikey (if not already), you enter the PIN code and touch it, that's it. I believe a yubikey with fingerprint instead of PIN (or additionally? Information is scarce on it) is also coming. Great to see Apple is focusing on Webauthn this time instead of rolling something themselves that only works inside their walled garden. Android is doing the same thing: Android phones are now also capable of being a FIDO2 authenticator for Webauthn. Now what we need is many more sites actually offering it :) I'm already using it for Office 365 but that's really the only one so far that I use that offers it. Thanks! Yes TMB has an API, I looked at it before but it only provided scheduled service times, not live data like you can see on the boards in the station. But I'll have another look! Another thing that Symbian did really really well was networking. You could choose per app which connection they should be using, or even a group with order of preference. So you could get your work apps to only work over WiFi, some apps always go over VPN, some always use 4G even if WiFi was active. It was brilliant because all these connections could be active at the same time. Apple and Google are only just catching up to this now with tricks like Per-App VPN but it still doesn't offer the same level of flexibility. Yeah it was a bitch to develop for... I tried it for a bit but then they started including J2ME and I switched to that. It wasn't as good as native but it worked. And was one hell of a lot easier to develop in. I have the Jelly 1 and am very happy with it. Will definitely go for the Jelly 2. Thickness isn't so much an issue because the phone is so small. It usually lives in the 'coincatcher' in my pocket and I hardly notice it's there. Only issues are battery life and low specs (and no fingerprint!) but the Jelly 2 will solve that. But the Palm doesn't solve any of those issues. No fingerprint scanner. Only 800mAh battery (Jelly 2 has 2000). Much lower specs, 28nm SoC. Single SIM. Just nope. > Rule #2: No feeds or social media apps on the phone. Your phone is always within your reach. Lol I'm soooo not a typical person. My computer is always within reach. My phone is usually on the charger while I'm at home :D, I didn't use it much at all during the quarantine. Why use a 6" screen when I have 24" 4K multi-monitor goodness? But I agree, I banned FB, Twitter out of my life and even deleted my reddit account. I just lurk on reddit now in a few dedicated groups, that's all. I do like HN though, as it's usually about actually interesting stuff and good discussions. Unlike Twitter and FB where it's the opposite. On reddit it really strongly depends on the community you're in :) But I never feel like I waste my time on HN, every time I visit it I feel like I've learned something. And I just love the information density. No scrolling through lots of whitespace and superfluous pictures. Uninstall? That's a bit heavy.. Lot of work setting all that stuff up again every time. PS: If you use an Android mobile you can use a Work Profile and switch all your work stuff off with one click. If you use a computer you probably have a separate one for work which can also switch off easily :P I wonder where this is from. First thought was Fukushima. As they say it's from a civil nature. It's very far from the Baltic though. Wouldn't really be possible. Or one of the many nuclear subs that have sank perhaps? I believe most ship reactors are quite similar in design to civil power plants, just much smaller. Definitely my 24". I'd have to sit too far from the 50" TV. But I wasn't really clear in my post. I don't actually have 2 4K monitors. What I have is 1 24" 4K screen in the middle (fairly cheap LG one), and on each side I've got 2 old Eizo L568's, 17" 1280x1024 in 4:3 format. They're almost as tall as the 24" widescreen, but they're low-DPI. macOS deals with this the best by far, on Windows I have scaling issues. This works well for me as I can have the main content I'm working on in the middle without a split, and on the sides I put stuff I'm monitoring. Like stuff installing on a VM, home assistant, sometimes whatsapp etc. And if I want to focus on something I can just turn them off (each one of them actually uses more power than the one 4K thanks to their CCFL backlights) But I'm just not a big phone user. I spend a good number of hours at the PC/Mac (and Linux - I use all 3) every day, and much less time on my phone. This is not what it does though. It says the private key can't be exported, and this wouldn't be the case if it was just a regular SSH keyfile encrypted using the Enclave's key. Well, not exactly, I use multiple physical keys. Yubikeys and OpenPGP smartcards in my case. I use multiple different types too (the OpenPGP cards are quite cheap too). Very good question. I've been thinking about a central way to manage keys. There doesn't really seem to be one, and it would be a big point of attack because an attacker might abuse it to add their own key. Right now what I do is I just log into my servers and copy the list :P I don't have that many anyway. The openssh people are also advocating certificates now, which means you'll have to set up a PKI, which will take care of revocation and such. Normally work profiles get created by an MDM application but I believe it's also possible to create one locally. I know the appaloosa app can do it. You definitely don't need gsuite. It works with any MDM. We don't use gsuite in work but O365 and it works fine there. Well I think it's mainly because nobody has done AR well yet for the mainstream. The only one I can think of is the Vuzix Blade but that isn't really AR. It doesn't recognise you environment, it just projects a picture in your eye in the same spot wherever you look. I played with the Hololens 2 last year and I certainly can see the benefits. Especially when communicating with someone else. However for $6000 that device is not going to happen for me ;) AR needs an "Oculus Quest" approach to be useful to consumers first. I do love VR as well but I do think there is a big usecase for AR once it becomes good and affordable at the same time. Cool, I'm running a Matrix service like this myself but it's been a bit hit and miss. Keeping all those different bridges running over time is difficult. Especially the signal one is a real PITA, often contacts stop getting my messages from matrix while I still get theirs. And Whatsapp requires whatsapp web so you need to keep the client running on your phone 24/7 or run it in an Android VM which is pretty heavy. And finally the whole Matrix experience is a bit lacking IMO. It doesn't really do 1:1 chats so every time someone chats with you you get a 'room invite' from the bridge, which you have to accept, and all those old rooms stay forever cluttering up the system. I wouldn't mind outsourcing all that work, but $10/month is a lot.. Good idea though! There's definitely a need for this, which is why I've been looking into it too. I'm just getting so sick of all these different chat apps screaming for attention all day, each with their own difficulties. Some don't work on the desktop, others only work on 1 client at a time. And each milking as much data as they can. Why can't people just stick to IRC :) Just wanted to ask: I signed up for the beta but did I commit to anything? I don't mind trying it out, but do we have to pay the $10 from the start and is there a minimum term? Thanks! One other Q: What about E2E security? Will you implement this for the comms between the bridges and the browsers? As I understand it I would run the bridges myself so it would make sense to have everything encrypted. Yes this is another issue. Each bridge has its own way of managing things. In some (like Signal) you have to run a CLI command, in others you have like a bot where you can tell it what to do. It's not really standardized in Matrix. I actually think Slack doesn't bridge very well with Matrix. One of the things I'm having issues with is the threaded chat, where in Matrix every thread appears as individual message replies, leading to a very confusing overview if multiple threads are being replied to at the same time. Also, the API token is hard to get and it says you might get banned for using the 'xoxo-' token. Though I did it anyway :) I was a big fan of Slack until they dropped their IRC bridges, but unfortunately some communities I'm on are still only on there. In particular, I don't understand how people use pirated security software (which Little Snitch basically is). If you're going to have to trust something, it's that. I agree Creative Suite is way too expensive (at one point it was 3000 euros!) But for students Adobe was basically giving it away :) I remember getting a CD for 15 guilders at the time at the university. Which was around 5 euros. Yes, I'm kinda surprised they didn't use the COVID lockdown period to do proper pilot training. Most pilots and planes were basically sitting idle anyway. It's good for them to remain somewhat active. And fuel was given away for pretty much free because the overproduction was filling up expensive storage space. This would have been the ideal moment to teach 737 pilots to properly handle the Max aircraft without needing MCAS. I have had several times. I was even switched to another airline once, they had an issue with their own plane and grabbed a charter :) I believe bigger airline alliances actually have a pool for such mishaps, spare planes with just the alliance branding on them, I've seen them at airports though not sure how the ownership worked. For HN I expected a bit more technical details instead of what's basically an informercial :) It could also be implementation-based. A few years ago they rounded up a ring of crime phones in the Netherlands.. They were using PGP encryption, however instead of each phone generating its own private key, they generated them centrally and kept them in a database. Obviously this introduced a huge vulnerability. The police compromised the server and was listening in (through cooperation with Canadian police as they were using Blackberries) for quite a while before they started kicking doors down :D They basically got all the evidence on a silver platter. I'm surprised someone with the skill to develop such an app and service platform doesn't have the skill for avoiding such common mistakes. Or maybe they weren't able to explain to their users that the fact that they couldn't retrieve their messages after forgetting their pincode is a feature, not a bug. Either way, the police was really happy. https://nationalpost.com/news/canada/canadian-judge-releases... Not saying the same would have happened here, but crypto is hard to implement correctly and the algorithms are only part of the problem. And this kind of network is a massive target for law enforcement because the ratio of criminal users is huge. Really they should have fixed the software instead of telling the user to change it. It's a perfectly valid SSID. And really, using raw environment-derived data directly on the filesystem?? What if the SSID had been "/etc/passwd" or something similar and it wrote to that? Yeah and definitely never use user-derived data directly in your filesystem. The aspect ratio is wrong for the 2 middle resolutions, really bothers me :D PS: I don't think tables are a bad layout option. It's not as flexible as CSS obviously but you could make it scale really well to vastly different UI sizes with a combo of fixed and percentage based dimensions. Most "modern" sites just dump everything in a column in the middle. And scale everything as if everyone is on a fat-finger touch interface. And I do miss the gradient button designs, I hate today's obsession with flatness. Bt that's a matter of taste I suppose. Maybe I don't have any :) PS It should realllly have mentioned the ! Even my $160 "Chuwi" laptop has a 1920x1080 IPS screen, so really there is no excuse for any laptop not to have it, cost can't be an issue anymore. In fact its display is remarkably good.. Much better than the 1366x768 TN crap of my company Thinkpad. Embarassingly for Lenovo. Lol, that's really bad! On native HN in Firefox Windows it also works but it stops at the "reply" button under my post. And on native HN on Firefox Mac it doesn't work at all, strange enough. Firefox must rely strongly on the platform rendering. Yes they're there! They're just not in /etc on a Mac - this is because you can't write there anymore in the latest macOS. Apple has locked that down a lot even before Catalina (system integrity protection) I think they're under /usr/local/opt or something.. This is a homebrew thing, nothing to do with tinc really. I'm not on my Mac now so I can't check, but they're definitely somewhere. Tinc seems to be growing still though. As of a few months there's finally a proper client for Android that doesn't require root! And it works really well. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pacien.tin... Only thing I have against tinc is that weird Apache logo... It looks so amateurist. Like a clip art pic that has nothing to do with the actual project. Oh thanks, I wasn't aware of that change in Tinc 1.1, I'll try it out. I'm indeed using the distro version, I compliled 1.1 once to have that network view (where you see which nodes are connected) but it wasn't that useful so I didn't bother with it. Didn't realise they simplified the joining also. Though I never thought the joining and revocation was all that difficult anyway. I just have 2 central servers which carry every key, and the others just need to have the server keys. Everything else gets distributed automatically. So keys for clients you can keep on your servers only. You don't have to delete it from all of your clients! I know tinc doesn't really have a client/server concept but I consider clients those devices that aren't publicly reachable (behind NAT) and not used in a ConnectTo statement. And yeah the centralised VL1 "Planet" server in ZeroTier also bothers me. I know it plays no part in the actual access rights to the network and it can't see the traffic content, but still. I just want to run it myself. Yeah, 1.1 should really go into production at some point, it's been in beta for years. It's really a good point you have about a hacker adding themselves to the network. I never thought of that. That could happen with every client so the attack surface is pretty big. It would be great if this feature could be reserved to only certain trusted devices (like the ones I have designated 'servers'). So maybe there is a good point to at least monitor the network activity with this 1.1 feature. Hmm... Thanks for getting me thinking about this! Ah thanks for explaining this! I never knew that's what tinc stood for. Fun fact though: In 1998 there was no worldwide traffic snooping. That only happened with the reorganisation of US and NATO intelligence after 9/11 :) But good future prediction. I do think it would have happened either way. I just feel like tinc undermines itself with this logo. It's hard to take something seriously that doesn't take itself seriously. Even though it's an excellent project. I think something more generic like the logo on the recent android app would do (though probably a bit less generic than that!!) It is actually partially his work (though probably it evolved as such later), see the Singapore Airlines ad campaign from his site: https://www.lucaiaconistewart.com/singapore-airlines But yeah I agree, this kind of tedious repetitive work is nothing for me either. I need to do hobbies I can learn from. While this would have been incredibly educational (about aircraft design, construction, project management etc), it also contains a lot of highly repetitive work like building hundreds of the same seats. No thanks. But anyway I wanted to say that hobbies aren't aways perpendicular to jobs or making money. I've used many things I've learned from hobbies in my job, and in fact my job is pretty much my hobby. And even with unrelated hobbies you can sometimes pull them into your work (as he did here). IMO this is the ideal way to go, yet for a lot of people unfortunately not achievable in this society :( But kudos to him!! Wow, it looks amazing. This is absolutely beautiful!! It speaks for his mindset as I would not have the patience to finish something like this. Besides skill, there's a high amount of perseverance and focus needed that most people don't have. Wow! Apple is doing this now in iOS 14 - not quite hardwired but their OS is so controlled it's nearly the same thing. I doubt an app can bypass it. https://9to5mac.com/2020/07/07/ios-14-what-do-the-orange-and... On Android you have the pop-up phones of course! Sadly they are super heavy... I was checking the Poco F2 last weekend and it's > 200 grams which is really a lot. Great for privacy though (and I really don't care about the front cam much anyway). I'm sure this wasn't intentional though. It doesn't even benefit them in any way. It's not as if they were doing it to steal information. It's just a bug, at least it's known now and they'll fix it. True but there's an app for that (that probably works better than doing it in the browser, otherwise why did they make it?): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jitsi.meet... Though I have to admit I didn't try. I've only used it on the PC and Mac. I love Jitsi though, for some reason it's sooo much smoother video than MS Teams. Really adds a lot to the communication. I wish I could use it for work, but there it's Microsoft or nothing :P Edit: Oops you were talking about the mic, not the cam.. So the green light I spoke of doesn't apply. I wouldn't be surprised if this feature came to Big Sur too though! But the current beta doesn't have it. Yeah exactly... It just says how to install it. Not what it is or why it should want it ;) It should have a description on their own site, not rely on one in an app store. I wouldn't even click on that until I'm convinced I want it. In fact I didn't, I saw the page, was like "???" and then went to the comments here to read what this was about ;) But yeah I always wondered what Google does with all these calls to the javascript libraries they're hosting... I bet they milk them for data somehow. It's a good effort but I'm not sure I'll install it as I already have so many plugins in Firefox that it constantly complains about slow startup. Oh wow great, I hope this works for me too! I have an LG 4K screen and the LG tool to change brightness and contrast is really terrible, it has some stupid built-in fake Picture in Picture mode which is constantly flashing red borders around the screen when you use it. And the UI is really bad and slow. This little menubar control looks like just what I wanted. Edit: Yes it works great! On my LG24UD58. Perfect! Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work with my Eizo L568 but that's ancient. And I think it had some special USB-based control method. But really glad to be able to get rid of the LG software now. PS: You have to enable the contrast with a tickbox, otherwise that slider is not shown. Oh thanks as well! But my Mac has no brightness sensor (it's a mini). I use the screen with my PC and a raspberry pi as well so I couldn't use an iMac, though I have one at the office (if I ever go back there...). It's really a shame they got rid of the target display function, this would have been perfect :( I manage phones for a big corp. Just want to clarify what's possible. Google highly limits what you can do in Work Profile mode, you can't control much outside the work profile. We can't see the app list on the personal side in work profile mode, BUT we can specify some that are a no-go. I'll show up as a compliance violation. But we can't view the list anymore like we could do with the pre-work profile Android Device Admin management (and still can with Apple). We're not blocking any apps ourselves right now but it is possible. We do grant all BYOD phones access to our network, so for that reason we would want the capability to block any known threats if they are around. We can also control some minor things on the personal side, like a pincode requirement and forbidding of sideloading and rooting. But in general we have very little visibility and control, which is the way I (as an admin) like it too. I only want to know what I really need to know especially on the personal side. We can (and do) also block copy/paste from work profile to personal, as data loss prevention, but we allow it the other way around. In general users complain a lot about the work profile being separate, and not being able to integrate their personal and work calendars.. But for personal privacy it's a big win IMO. Apple has something similar since iOS 13 (called User Enrolment) but it's still a bit too limited to be sufficient for us. And it requires Apple federated accounts which have some requirements that are impossible for us to meet :( In Work Profile mode they absolutely can't do that. They can only remove the work profile side and all apps and data contained therein. Not the personal side. Of course most companies provide phones, but many users prefer to use their own, both for the benefit of having to carry only one, and because they have more choice. Another big benefit of work profile is that you can switch all work stuff and notifications off with one click! I really like it overall, it gives great separation. In work profile mode this is absolutely correct. In other modes (COBO, COPE) it's not but those are much more difficult to enrol, as you have to do it from the setup wizard on a new phone or after a factory reset. So you don't happen to get into this mode by accident. They're only used for company owned phones (this is what the CO part stands for). Some extra info to establish your point which I totally agree with: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fxgi06/not_new_news... TikTok is really exceptionally bad in this regard. Yes they do... The problem is some users in Germany actually prefer to use their personal one so they don't have to carry two.. But due to this mindset they can't. I don't think the German approach is always the best. I don't think Apple is the best at this. Yes they limit the things you mention, but they don't limit visibility to things like the app list... This can already be quite revealing in some cases. Google has in my opinion the better approach with work profile. Only give the MDM control and visibility over the work area and nothing else. Apple has started heading into this direction with User Enrolment but it's not sufficient for most companies as it only allows built-in apps to be used for both work and personal data. And it requires Apple account federation which is problematic. I don't really agree... I like the flexibility. Sometimes someone from the US calls me with an urgent problem in the evening (I'm in Europe so not much overlap in work hours). So what... Sometimes I go to the shop or bank during the day. Or even a walk to the beach if it's not so busy. They're paying me to do a (global) job, not to sit at my desk between 9:00 and 17:00. Personally I love this flexibility. And I don't feel like I work more than 40 hours, I don't even count them but I doubt I do, especially if I omit the time I spend during "working hours" reading hacker news or other stuff. My work is my hobby anyway. I do think people who like having fixed work times should have the opportunity to have them. But I also think people like me should be able to work like this without it being considered a bad thing. This wasn't just the clipboard thing though. Some more elaboration: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fxgi06/not_new_news... These days Android MDM has changed a lot. In the 'old' days, there was an app called device admin which would control the phone. This app would be supplied by the MDM vendor. This could leverage APIs from various vendors. Samsung had Knox but almost every phone vendor had their own plugin. This was a huge PITA because each MDM feature only worked on manufacturers A and B and very often was limited to OS versions Y and Z. It meant we had to validate each phone and OS version and have a long list of what phones people could and couldn't use. It was a nightmare as an admin. Users hated it because they often only found out after they'd bought the phone. Samsung was indeed one of the best here, I have to agree. Since then Google has thrown this overboard and started afresh with Android Enterprise. Controlled only by Google, and offering new ways of management like the work profile which is basically a kind of "phone inside a phone". Have your work profile managed by work and the rest of your phone to yourself. For company-owned phones they also still have more comprehensive management options like COBO and COPE. But as long as the phone supports Android Enterprise, it supports everything. Sadly some vendors in particular Samsung are fighting this approach because they feel they have invested too much in the old method. For example Samsung won't support Google Zero Touch auto-enrolment, having instead their own alternative Knox Mobile Enrolment. This is again making things more difficult for admins. But because Samsung is such a big party, and KME is free, we have gone for it anyway (Also Google Zero Touch is not available very widely yet, each reseller has to support it) As an Admin I'm glad to see the end of the old management model. It's deprecated as of Android 11 (and already severely limited in 10) but we've already dropped it altogether. And no, for managing Apple phones you don't need a Mac. You just need this for manual installation of management profiles, if you use an MDM you don't need it. However if you want to manually supervise phones (instead of using Apple DEP / or Automated Device Enrolment as they call it now), you do need one. But this is really rare now. Yep it's called MicroMDM. https://micromdm.io/ Only supports Apple though! Not Android. I just tape mine off. Apple webcams are pretty horrible anyway (current generation is even worse than a few ones ago). Noisy and blurry in anything less than ideal lighting conditions. So if I'm on a serious videocall I use an external one anyway. But most of this 'hardware' is still software. Firmware inside the webcam itself, which could also be hacked. Most webcams do report themselves to the OS while inactive, so they are actually communicating with the system (and thus powered) Well Purism laptops have hardware switches for the microphones too. But it's not even just for hackers. Zoom had the SUPER annoying habit of turning your cam on when the meeting organiser selected that everyone should cam. This led to several colleagues being unaware they were being shown at that time. One was even lying in bed and called in from her phone. That's her business, it was 8pm at her location. But now everyone knows. A hardware slider would have prevented all of these real-world problems. My Mac Mini has neither :) Oh which? I haven't heard of others, MicroMDM is fairly common, even used by some smaller companies. I'm always interested as it's my work so I'll probably give them a spin. Well for one, the fact that they do all these things. Some apps do some of these but rarely all of them. The other is the way they hide what they're doing so elaborately. I wouldn't call it a national security concern, no. Someone who works with critical or military infrastructure should have a locked-down phone anyway for work stuff. But really I wonder how this kind of stuff is OK in the eyes of Apple with their self-proclaimed privacy focus. I'm pretty sure if I were to submit an app that does all this, it'll be rejected right away. Popularity seems to overrule that. That the others are doing it too doesn't make it right. Really Apple should take a stand and give all of them 30 days to fix their apps or get banned. But TikTok annoyed me in particular for a long time. Nothing to do with geopolitics, I already hated it before I knew it was owned by China and everyone started banning it. It was just that for the past months every time someone forwarded me a stupid video I was supposed to like, it had a TikTok logo on it. So in my view this became the source of "stupid videos people bother me with". Not exactly a charming quality. Especially with the lockdown it became extra annoying, every day I got multiple stupid lockdown videos and the ones with people doing stupid stuff and then the coffin dancers thing. So that's my personal reason for hating on TikTok. The privacy revelations just sealed the deal. Not saying it's a valid reason for everybody but it's my reason :P