I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird $20000 out of $40000 and 8 days left... hopefully he'll manage to raise it all. I played it soon after the demo was released and it got me super excited. Feels like Portal - when in some vlog entry the author admited to be a big fan of Portal series I wasn't surprised ;) Facebook at least allows an easy opt-out. Bitcoin is not and never was anonymous. It's pseudonymous by design. Given the state of legal regulations in most of countries in the world, you're probably waiting for some revolution. It's practically impossible to legally use the freedoms given to you by such free modem firmware (theoretically you could send it to certification each time you do something with it). Neo900 project realized that (and the lack of resources to build the modern modem at all - the needed amount is enormous), so instead of trying to make free baseband and failing inevitably, it's going to include some kind of "sandbox" allowing for tight monitoring of everything the modem does. I've got 16384 tile. I have a strange feeling that I might be doing something wrong... >PhoneBloks >product PhoneBloks was just a "product" of designer's imagination, nothing more. All he did was to think about "LEGO-phone" and make a catchy animation describing the idea - the idea that wasn't even unique or new, as similar ones (together with 3D-printed or homemade cases, which were later actually realized) were already appearing few years ago on Openmoko mailing lists triggered by GTA04 motherboard upgrade for Neo Freerunner. Looks exactly like "shallow" mode of BlessN900 app for Nokia N900 from few years ago. It's funny to see how most of the "innovations" in mobile world presented today either by Apple or Google was already implemented on open or semi-open platforms like Openmoko or Maemo few years before. Most of them only as experiments, granted, but still shows what the community is capable of on its own when not putting unnecessary restrictions on it. Well, the only "new approach" I can see here is letting the user decide which part of image should be sharp. BlessN900 camera app for Nokia N900 was doing exactly what this new app does few years ago, but it was choosing the focus point automatically. They can use Nokia brand only for few years, they don't have rights for it. It was known right from the beginning of this selling story that Nokia brand will disappear from mobile devices industry. Only the remaining parts of Nokia, not sold to Microsoft (part working on localization services etc.), will be able to continue to use this name. They have to, they didn't get this brand. They've just got rights to use it for few years together with mobile devices part of Nokia. ...and about anyone not "a US resident with a US shipping address"? :P There are lots of them. Just look at what GTA04 and Neo900 are using (Option and Cinterion). Such project can't accept closed baseband being highly integrated with main CPU and RAM like most of modern smartphones do, so they use ready 3G/LTE modules to move it out as a USB peripheral in CPU perspective. http://neo900.org/ NetBSD and FreeBSD were already ported to Neo Freerunner few years ago, and you actually don't have to start the graphics layer on any OS. You can also already use whatever programming language you like, it runs just a standard operating systems like your desktop do, just compiled to different cpu arch (arm). If there's any BSD running on OMAP3 boards like BeagleBoard, then running it on Neo900 will be trivial and you can do it by yourself. Any documentation needed for more specific support will be public, so you can do that by yourself as well. also, Openmoko is long in the past. Long live OpenPhoenux! :) RPi doesn't allow you to use your own bootloader. You cannot even start it without closed blob, so it's in contradiction to your previous requirements. Neo900 probably won't come with any OS preinstalled, maybe except some Debian based BSP which you'll be encouraged to replace with OS of your choice, as it won't be supposed to be actively used - it will be there for easy testing if all hardware works as it should. It is a small project with very small target audience (currently about 350), so it won't be built to shelf, as there's simply not enough money to do that; therefore if you eventually want it you should express your interest now by donating at least 100 EUR, so you'll be counted on component sourcing. Donation will act as a rebate on the price of the device when it's out (in few months). More details: http://neo900.org/#donate Where to buy? Straight from its manufacturer, of course. There's also GTA04 - http://gta04.org/ - which is already out for few years, but now it's unfortunately hardly obtainable and it seems like there's not enough interest from customers to do next production batch (well, most of potential customers probably were stolen by Neo900 :P). Neo900 is based on GTA04 and produced by the same company. And of course there's also old good Openmoko Neo Freerunner, which despite of being massively underpowered, meets all requirements you mentioned. It should be still available at some retailers, like Golden Delicious Computers, Pulster or IDA Systems. Also, you might want to look at MIPS-based Qi-Hardware Ben NanoNote. It's not a phone, but it also meets your requirements and it's available (though supplies seem to be near end, so you better hurry if you decide that you want it. AFAIK Pulster and IDA Systems still have it, but you can count remaining units with hand). I don't know if someone launched any BSD on it, but I can't see why it shouldn't be possible. So, to make it clear, every device I mentioned so far in all my comments, except Neo900, already went on sale. With Neo900 it's a matter of few months. From future devices also worth noting, there's DragonBox Pyra, an OpenPandora successor, which will also provide optional modem (the same like in Neo900 btw - those two are actually sister projects, sharing some developers). The only thing Raspberry Pi is better than any of those devices is price, but when you'll count money and time spent on making Raspberry Pi an acceptable option when operating on battery, this probably won't be true anymore. >(because that's all that exists) Well, that's not true. Neo Freerunner and GTA04 both exist and Neo900 will soon join them. None of them needs any bizzare "rooting" and if you want to port some OS to them you're ready to go. All you need to have that's not openly available to everyone for free is a device. Of course they all have some flaws, but as a consumer you do have a choice. Also, GTA04 and Neo900 should both be perfectly capable to run Firefox OS. Work on this UI started long before Chrome. That's Chrome that looks like Firefox mockups, not the other way. Actually, after trying NoScript not long ago my web experience dramatically improved. Where I need to enable JS I can do it in two clicks, while where I don't have to, everything is faster and not cluttered with useless stuff. I like it! AdBlock slows down the browser. I recommend Privoxy. I'm often using different browsers on different devices and only some of them have NoScript installed, and from my experience I can tell that usually if something doesn't work without JS, it's perfectly visible that it's broken until you whitelist it. I can also tell via tiny toolbar that something is blocked on the site, so if it doesn't include lots of analytics or social media cruft then I usually just unblock it on any pages that focus on useful content. Before I actually installed it, I had the same concerns like you described, but the reality showed that it's moot, and the advantages were even higher than expected, so I sticked with NoScript :) My Dell Vostro 2520 seems to match all those requirements, but I added SSD by myself. Of course Openmoko. I'm using Openmoko Neo Freerunner, but often also carry Nokia N900, which is nicer for web browsing and writing thanks to hw keyboard. I'm looking forward to replace them both with Neo900. And what's more - modem often has full access to the main RAM without CPU control. It has the ability to read or even manipulate every bit of any executable or data you run on CPU without you knowing anything about it. And even if someone doesn't care about NSA and stuff, modem firmwares are often ridiculously buggy and easy to exploit, so go figure... While producing free radio chip is practically impossible due to both economical and legal reasons (the closest you can get to it is OsmocomBB running on old 2G TI Calypso modem, and the only reason it exists is that TI Calypso has mysteriously disabled checking of firmware signature even thought the functionality for it is present...), there are devices that mitigate the risks by connecting the modem as a "slave" (for instance via USB - this might impact the performance and battery life, as CPU is busy copying data from/to the modem, but it's way more safe than DMA access) or even implement "modem firewalls" that monitor any modem activity and alarm if it does something when it wasn't supposed to do it. Neo900 ( http://neo900.org/ ) is such project and soon there should be a longer article about this modem firewall solution published. That's why there are devices like Neo900, where technically you're a software vendor - just like on your PC. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem that Android has. Android is open and free and all, but most of the devices out there don't give the user this freedom at all. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem - Mozilla does not enforce by any way that the officially branded FxOS implementation should be open. Most of FxOS phones to date, maybe except Geeksphone, are simply closed and need some ridiculous rooting or unlocking in order to just reflash them with newer version of FxOS. Just look at GTA04/Neo900 (and possibly Freerunner too, but it would probably be massively underpowered) - you could run both Android (Replicant) and Firefox OS there without using any single line of closed source line - but that doesn't represent the usual customer experience for Android and FxOS branded phones. So where's the difference? Just like in any 3G USB dongle you attach to your PC (in fact, Neo900's modem operates in exactly the same way). For something as close to "free baseband" as possible, get a Neo Freerunner (or some other phone with TI Calypso) and install OsmocomBB - however, you won't be allowed to use it legally on public networks in most of jurisdictions in the world. There's a closed-source firmware running on your PC mainboard, HDD/SSD/SD card, mouse, keyboard, GPU, Ethernet card... All of it can be rather nefarious. Get rid of the PC? (or simply use phones which connect their modems as a peripherals and implement monitoring, like Neo900, not as a master with DMA as most phones today do) You would still have to trust the manufacturer that it didn't implement fake reporting of well-known signature while in fact using something different. Pointless. That's what you get when using a platform that's not developer, but app store customer friendly. Without breaking into your own device you can't do much with it, so it's hardly a surprise. ZTE Open is as closed and undocumented as your typical Android phone. Dunno about Open C, but I wouldn't expect it to be any different. The whole freesmartphone.org middleware was initially implemented in Python and there is bunch of Python apps in distros like SHR. Python is great for mobile when it comes to hacking on-the-fly - I actually traced down and fixed few bugs in early Openmoko while getting bored in tram etc. thanks to the most useful parts being implemented in Python. Unfortunately, on Freerunner the difference in performance was very visible - however it shouldn't be as bad on more recent hardware. When I don't want to tinker with my Debian anymore, I just stop doing it and things work the way I left them. That's the main beauty of good Linux distros that keeps me so attached to them - I always can play with stuff, but I don't have to. And when I want to, it's much better choice than OS X for that. That's kinda sad. It always was an issue and still will be for a long time. Neo900 project takes another way to neutralize the modem - by sandboxing and monitoring its activity. This alone probably makes it much more secure and privacy-friendly than Blackphone. Since I've installed NoScript and started using it in similar way as parent described, my web browsing experience improved a lot. Now I only need something similar and easy to use for mobile browsers. It's an example UUID from Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier You can still talk about some project from the past. If you never had any hobbyist pet-project (during studying? while learning first language(s)? before getting a job?), then it's quite likely that you're not the person the author is looking for, no matter if you have or don't have time for a hobby now. Some Adobe Air apps, like the one to fill the tax forms in Poland, require Adobe Reader for form support. EFF already offers such stickers: https://supporters.eff.org/shop/laptop-camera-cover-set Maybe the part with absurd answers could make some sense if done properly (however, mastering the usage of absurd is not easy - there's a thin line between being intriguing and pathetic), but if someone would use this "telling the story" questions during the conversation with me I'd just be annoyed - especially if that would be a stranger. That's some meaningless stuff where you don't even have any slightest idea of where to start when answering, unless you go into absurd as well, which may or may not be the way to go depending on your mood, person you're talking to, etc. "(specially those don't even bother to look at you when you are talking)" I often look mostly at the floor or at the sky when listening or talking to someone. It usually helps me to concentrate on the content of the conversation - and I noticed that I do that during the most engaging and interesting rather than the most boring ones. "I have no idea, give me a few hours to think about it" :P So the schools are discovering that iPads are a toys rather than work devices? What a surprise! Notice how all those teachers were "at first disappointed that they weren't getting an iPad". Really? If you choose the tool based only on its coolness factor, you'll hardly get the right one, especially for education. It's funny how clueless comments here are focused almost entirely on the matter of non-triviality, which is completely unrelated to the point of this project. Triviality heuristics are in fact only an implementation detail, something made to make the usage of this extension a bit more bearable. It could be completely missing and the gist of this extension would still be preserved - that is, ensuring that no proprietary code gets executed in the browser. And how would you define the "non-triviality" of JS code? Actually, you can omit that completely. This extension does not need any triviality heuristics to do what it is meant to do. If it does it - it does it only to make life of its users a bit easier. It's not about blocking non-trivial scripts. It's about allowing trivial scripts even if they're not explicitly marked as free. Great. But why are you saying this in thread about something completely unrelated? It's hardly "redoing an existing project". It's about giving user control on what he/she executes on his/her machine. It's just NoScript with automatic whitelisting of free software, nothing more. Are you forced to install this extension? If I'm an abstainer and I refuse to go drinking to a friend, does it mean I'm infringing his freedom to take me drinking, or would he infringe my freedom if he would keep bothering me about that against my will? It's my freedom to say no. I won't use this extension, as I don't really mind non-free JS code being executed by my browser (aka I don't mind some beer from time to time), but I fully support and understand people who develop and use it. There's simply no other way to use the web and not use non-free software, aside of disabling JS completely. That's why triviality heuristics are there. This article is already a few years old, GIMP uses GEGL for a lot more stuff now than it did at the time this was written. Amazing. About that mesmerizing signal: just take a look at the pop music industry. Neo900 http://neo900.org/ will be able to detect such things as well. Uhm... > Updated: $Date: 2012/08/22 01:51:19 $ No, it doesn't. A homepage with a loader that obstructs the content (which doesn't need JS to be usable) and won't hide unless JavaScript is enabled... Nice start. It's rather "Lennart Poettering on how communities react to him". He's very controversial person and it's not like he didn't earned that title by himself. Of course stuff like death threats cannot and shouldn't be justified in any way (however, they're not uncommon in any large community when dealing with highly controversial topics), but things like petitions are just hyperbolic opinions on Poettering's work and on how it affects all of us. Poettering is no longer mere "technical guy" from "technical community". He's more like political figure, and political figures have to deal with various political reactions. There are always extremes like that, even when dealing with the most innocent topics you could imagine. People can even react similarly with death threats over a change in cartoon TV show that they didn't like. In any sufficiently large community you will find some small percentage of such people, it's nothing exclusive to init systems or even tech as a whole. And it's absolutely not "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, therefore it's OK"! It's never OK. It's rather "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, so he should be at least prepared for that and not act like he's surprised". No. It's not about how Twitter, Facebook and Google can track users. It's about how you can use LinkedIn to track users. It's just a bit heavy on Firefox compared to GIFs, but works. Yeah, especially if everything what he wrote there was like that bitcoin hitman stuff, which turned out to be just a line like "maybe we should start btc fund?" from IRC written after someone else complained about issue with systemd by guy known from his funny trolling there - and absolutely nothing more than that. While at first I felt a bit sorry for him when I read that post, after I learned about what exactly was that "hitman threat" I lost any remaining respect to Poettering. That's just grabbing attention and playing victim. He deserves negative response for that. Better finally port FxOS to truly free mobile platforms, like GTA04! Since when is Raspberry Pi "mostly free"? My one lays right now next to me and it still cannot even boot its CPU without non-free firmware. Recently (during last two weeks or so) a lot of such suspicious traffic started appearing in Google Analytics as various versions of Internet Explorer, not only 7. We were forced to filter out IE completely to just calculate stuff like conversion rate. Great that legitimate traffic from IE was negligible anyway, but who knows how much of this traffic is still hiding there as some other browsers? Thankfully, as far as I know we don't do any retargeting campaigns right now (but I think we did in the past, and we were targeted by those IE7 bots in July as well), but it's still awful PITA to deal with it in analytics data. So, I'm seconding your comment completely. 𝕴 𝖋𝖊𝖊𝖑 𝖆 𝖓𝖊𝖜 𝖛𝖎𝖗𝖆𝖑 𝖙𝖍𝖎𝖓𝖌 𝖔𝖓 𝖘𝖔𝖈𝖎𝖆𝖑 𝖒𝖊𝖉𝖎𝖆 𝖈𝖔𝖒𝖎𝖓𝖌. How long till afl-fuzz reaches consciousness? All right! To the Chron-O-John! Old monochrome reflective LCDs used that, but smartphones and tablets are almost always using transmitive screens with backlight (sometimes transflective, like on Nokia N900, but reflective properties are only usable in very bright sunlight). Kindle Paperwhite however has 100% reflective e-ink screen plus set of LCDs that shine through the light guide layer above the screen. Some people think that makes it better than transmissive LCDs - that's why using Kindle Paperwhite instead of iPad in this test would be much more insightful, as sleep-disturbing properties of transmissive, blue-tinted LCDs are nothing that wasn't known before. >I do wish it could turn off completely, however. You can "jailbreak" it and simply control it via standard LED sysfs interface. >I would love to see an N900/950 modernization just for the ability to run actual linux on the phone to serve as a toolkit. That's what Neo900 is. All privacy-wise "features" are just a side effects of designing it properly (as in: treating blackboxes as blackboxes instead of explicitely giving them full control over user OS, controlling what data the baseband has access to etc.). There are some additional measures like power switches, monitors, breakers - but those are pretty cheap to put in. Nothing will reboot "every time there is some BS signal on the same frequency or the modem decides to wake up or hop channels on it's own". The point of Neo900's monitoring is to let the user access to information that modem is doing something. Of course if you really want to, you can then setup your software to automatically reboot (or power cycle the modem alone) - but outside of very special use cases, that would be pretty pointless. If you don't care, you simply don't use that data. >But if anyone thinks that any device they can hack together will give them any level of privacy over organizations like the NSA is living in la-la land... Neo900 won't magically protect you from anything - no device will. Instead, it gives you tools which, when used properly, can allow you to fight off some of the mass surveillance techniques. Like encryption, which is pretty much rendered moot in most of modern phones where the modem has direct RAM access. Keep in mind however that when you are an explicit target of some three letter agencies, they can probably employ better and more effective methods against you than sniffing on your mobile phone. tl;dr: Neo900's privacy solutions are rather targeted towards Stallman, not Snowden or some intelligence agent from foreign country. There's also a recording from the presentation. That was my first "big" talk in English and it's sometimes hard to listen to, but maybe someone will find it useful :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit... I hate capacitive screens. They're great for tablets, but overly limiting on phones with small screens - especially "hacker-oriented" ones. I used to code using on-screen keyboard with fingernails on my old Neo Freerunner. It maybe wasn't the greatest programming experience ever, but it worked for me and I had some great debugging sessions while in tram :) I can't imagine doing that if Freerunner had capacitive screen - even if there wouldn't be a bezel around the screen anymore. People seem to hate resistive screens based on their experiences with poor ones (which is understandable, as most of them are pretty poor). However, a good one is a real pleasure to use, and I find the one used in N900 a good one. If you donate at least 100 euros, you can be sure that there will be a device produced for you (it's built to order, not to shelf). Also, this amount you pay now will already count to the final price, so if you donate 100 EUR now, you'll pay 100 EUR less when finally ordering the ready device. http://neo900.org/faq Why for? It won't change anything. On OnePlus the modem is tightly integrated with the rest of the system, and on Nexus 4 you cannot even boot Android to any usable state without proprietary blobs, so forget about any non-Android based OS (remember that Ubuntu for mobiles is just a chroot-like layer on top of Android base system). The same drawbacks? Let's see: * "only 256MiB RAM" - Neo900 has 4 times more. * "no BT 4.0" - WG7351-00 has BT 4.0 support. * "no LTE" - you can choose PLS8 modem with LTE. * "no proper USB OTG" - Neo900 has it, plus even internal USB pins for homemade mods. * "no gyro" - Neo900 has one. * "no compass" - Neo900 has one. 512MB flash comes together with RAM package, and it's actually nice to have just for better Maemo/N900 compatibility. There's no reason why you couldn't boot OS from eMMC, which will for sure be at least 32GB. Actually, if you plan to tinker a lot with the phone, I'd recommend having some sort of rescue OS in flash, and your own OS of choice on the first partition of eMMC. 1080p movie may be a bit tough to play on this SoC, right. 720p however should be fine, and I hardly see the point of going 1080p with 800x480 screen. BPP and SoC are connected only via USB, audio codec and some GPIOs. It's pretty much as separated as it can be - maybe except using serial line instead of USB. "They've could went with decent hardware and still probably charge as half as much." Of course - if we could produce number of units with a bit more zeros at its end, it would be very cheap. You haven't discovered anything special here - it's just standard economy of scale. With our current scale, any "modern" design would either cost ten times more, or wouldn't be possible to build at all due to lack of available components to buy in such low amounts. As an option, no. It's too big change, it would basically be a different product. Also, being able to base the design on already working and tested GTA04 was a major point when we evaluated feasibility of the project at its start. As an upgrade option later - possibly. After all, OpenPandora's Pyra is like our "sister project", sharing some of the developers. Making an OMAP5 upgrade board based on experience and knowledge acquired while working on Pyra shouldn't be that hard. Bug: On Nokia N900's MicroB browser on each step forward or backward it jumps over one question, effectively skipping half of them in total. I'm aware that it's a really old engine (from somewhere around Firefox 3.5 times), but it sounds like something trivial to fix. What's so important or unusual about the age of the author? It still feels strange to me. Makes him sound like some kind of exception, genius of his age or whatever - even if it's not intentional. Maybe that's just me considering it perfectly natural, given that just a few years ago at age 17 I've been already working on large portion of GNU/Linux distro for Openmoko phones and I knew a lot of people at the same age doing lots of other cool and meaningful stuff. I haven't really noticed that "cultural narrative" you're talking about. If it was 7 or 10, I'd be impressed. At 17, most of people are already capable enough to both learn how to write browser extensions and to care about politics, so he could be 27 or 37 and it wouldn't make a big difference to me :P ...and I'd actually say that for programmers the percentage of people who were young gamers is lower that for the rest of the population (or at least their gaming looked a bit different, focused on different genres etc.). Wow, so this is what's newsworthy these days? I had three exams this week that seemed "impossible", more are coming, where should I write to? The most important info is missing: does it still require a non-free blob to even just boot Linux? If only uploading the proprietary GPU firmware wasn't necessary to just launch the CPU, even at the cost of 3D acceleration and stuff like that, I'd be happy with it. It may even have reflashable closed blob inside - I know RMS wouldn't be happy with that, but I would. RasPi 1, however, required the user to provide a non-free blob on SD card, which is what I'm extremely unhappy with. They're not required, but (thankfully) we're not required to use hardware from vendors that don't do that. Beaglebone can be at least booted without non-free blobs, so it can be 100% free if you don't need to use 3D acceleration. Raspberry Pi cannot - even now with free GPU drivers, you still cannot get Linux working without providing non-free firmware blob to it first. Buy Openmoko Neo Freerunner for a fully free smartphone, or some old Motorola listed on http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/Hardware/Phones for a free dumbphone. Keep in mind however that using OsmocomBB based phone on public network without proper permission is illegal. http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/LegalAspects Also, just to state the obvious, OsmocomBB is limited to Calypso, which is limited to 2G. Implementing 3G is more complicated than 2G by an order of magnitude (and OsmocommBB is still far from having their 2G support complete). Plus Calypso is one of the only baseband processors out there that accepts unsigned firmware (which is exactly why it's OsmocomBB's target) and 3G on Calypso is not possible. TI Calypso, with OsmocomBB[1]. Haven't you seen the link you're commenting under? :P [1] of course all feature and legal restrictions apply, so don't get too excited about "yay free baseband finally!". It's a amazing research project nevertheless, which together with OpenBSC already gave us incredible insights on GSM security. All hail Harald Welte! \o/ Alternatively you can go the Neo900 route, where the baseband processor is in fact a separate USB module which can be separately turned off - just placed on the same PCB. http://neo900.org/ More about feasibility of a "OSS phone with no backdoors" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit... Well, I see the work being made on it by myself and already watched similar project (GTA04) reaching its goals. Plus that's me who you can blame personally for any delay with the Neo900 website content or newsletters... ;P (and if you find linked talk hard to listen, you can blame me for that as well ;]) Neo900 has been announced at the moment when all interested parties agreed on "it seems feasible, let's do it". There was no prior investment, the development could start only after raising funds. It simply takes time - especially when organizational burden turned out to be a bit more challenging than initially assumed. All of Goldelico customers who paid for GTA04 already received one long time ago. I don't count latest fundraiser for its new revision[1], since it will be fully refunded if not enough people will preorder to actually produce a new batch. Also, Goldelico is "just" a contractor doing work for Neo900 UG, which is the actual entity running the Neo900 project. But I think we're getting a bit off-topic here. #neo900 on freenode might be a better place for that ;) [1] http://shop.goldelico.com/wiki.php?page=GTA04A5 Already mentioned it two times here :) You can, however, use the monitor mode without transmitting anything. Original Raspberry Pi needs user to provide non-free firmware blobs on SD card to even boot the CPU. That's pretty non-free in any meaning I can imagine. It seems like it's still the case with Raspberry Pi 2. >In light of I see what you did there! Try mdbus2 - https://github.com/freesmartphone/mdbus - it's also in Debian/Ubuntu repos. It's a little tool that works really well with dbus services that properly implement introspection. We used it extensively on Openmoko phones to play with our middleware (or when GUI was broken ;) ) Unstable was always a rolling release, it gets just frozen for some time before each stable release because the process of getting a package in testing requires it to be in unstable first. I don't doubt. Firefox with hundreds of tabs works well with 4GB RAM, and somewhat bearable on 2GB, with occasional restart once per week or so to clean it up. On the other hand, I wasn't able to use Chrome the same way I use Firefox on PC with 8GB RAM. > giving every piece of information a URL Wasn't that supposed to be the whole purpose of URL? So doesn't that also apply to the whole simulated universe as well? If you don't have memory or any other way to link your actual "live" with previous ones, how does the situation where "conciousness" travels between bodies and does not actually differ? What identifies a consciousness A that was in the body X and traveled now to the body Y? How is it different from consciousness B that used to be in the body P and now lives in the body Q? How can you actually link them like that if there's no difference between them, so swapping those two consciousnesses between bodies Y and Q won't make any difference? You said that "it would be unethical to create a simulation in which the simulated beings were sophisticated enough to be self-aware and capable of significant suffering", but it applies also to having children, so you clarified that the creator has to have a "reason to believe there was a sufficient likelihood of a sufficiently negative outcome" for it to be unethical. So if the creator of the universe doesn't have such reason, your original assumption is not valid anymore, making it perfectly ethical to create a simulation of universe as long as you believe that the net outcome will be positive. BTW, given that it's GGJ game, there should be source code somewhere available (all Global Game Jam entries have to provide source code and all assets on CC BY-NC-SA or compatible license). Wow, what a news! It's a mystery for me how people can come to conclusions like that this late. I haven't bought any subsidized phone for like ten years. I understand that with CDMA careers it might be hard, but with GSM? There's no excuse. How does it compare to GNU social/StatusNet? 5 is IMO nothing else than nitpicking. 2 and 4 (and maybe 6) might have some importance in real life, while others are easy and kinda expected (although comma operator in 8 might not be known to less experienced programmers). I can't really see the point of this article other than "hey, do you remember that there is a concept called undefined behavior in C?". So from now on we should call every structure which is implemented inside library, compiler or JIT using a pointer, a "pointer"? > In computer science, a pointer is a programming language object, whose value refers to (or "points to") another value stored elsewhere in the computer memory using its address. You have your answer here. In JavaScript ("programming language"), v ("object") has a value of JavaScript structure called object. Internal representation of v sure does use a pointer, but from JavaScript perspective, it surely is NOT a pointer. If you get the value of v in JavaScript, you don't get memory address ("value [that] refers to (or "points to") another value stored elsewhere in the computer memory using its address") - you get the object itself. That's what references do, not pointers. About breaking backward compatibility - they mentioned at ng-conf an interesting thing today: you'll be able to partially migrate from Angular 1.x to Angular 2 in both ways - having either Angular 1.x app with some Angular 2 components, or Angular 2 app with some Angular 1.x components. https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=PLOETEcp3DkCoNnlhE-7fovYv... It's still there and still will be in Angular 2. I guess you could kill with vaccine if you really wanted to, and you can have sex using torture device if you're into that kind of stuff. Even if there's PIN on SIM, tracker must be able to unlock it, and given that GSM module is a pretty common one operated via AT commands over serial line you can easily get it from there. Openmoko Neo Freerunner. Might fall a bit outside of "modern" category though (and of course, operating GSM baseband processor with altered firmware on public networks is illegal) I can relate. I did fair amount of coding on Openmoko Neo Freerunner, Qi Hardware's Ben Nanonote and Nokia N900 in my life :) Mostly in Python or Bash, but occasionally in some other languages as well. Telling someone you're straight and supporting oppression of not straight people are two completely different things. I don't really use this word or feel the need to participate in discussions about people it represent, but for me, when I see it somewhere, "brogrammer" means an equivalent of "cool people" from high school. Existence of them became possible due to programming becoming lucrative, with plenty of easy learning material, and therefore, beneficial for people you wouldn't at all consider a nerd to learn. It's a programmer who comes from outside of nerd culture, who looks at it like a cool kid from high school looks at school nerds. It has also a bit "hipsterish" connotation - brogrammer is someone who's "not really into it". "The true nerds" were programmers before it was cool. At least that's how I understand this term. "disliked man in the tech world" is much too broad, as so called "brogrammers" are supposed to dislike "true nerds". I wouldn't as well, but as soon as that developer would become representative of my company and people would start to bring it out in connection to the company, I'd start to worry about my image. For your typical standard worker it doesn't really matter what he/she does outside of work, as long as it doesn't damage the company - which is pretty hard unless you really try, since nobody outside gives a damn about some noname employee. For someone very high in hierarchy it actually becomes much easier to damage it, so you have to draw a line somewhere. If your company, supposed to promote messages of equality and taking pride of its supposed openness, elects someone who actively supported means of oppression against minorities as its representative and people start to react, there might be something worth reconsidering in this situation. No. You need project managers to reduce the risk of stuff not being delivered. To do so, most of the time you have also to reduce creative opportunities. Therefore, if you're not strict to spritesheets, you get bigger chances of stuff not being delivered, but you also get bigger chances of stuff being brilliant. It's useful, as Angular is - but only when you write web applications that don't make sense without JavaScript anyway. If it's not the case, you shouldn't use Angular at all. Especially when it's MMDDYYYY ;] pwgen? Uhm, to create something? For challenge? For fun? That's what hackatons and gamejams are for, aren't they? But I have to admit that sometimes there are pretty nice prices - like on the last gamejam I attended there was an organized trip to bigger gamejam for the winners (except of small stuff like T-shirts). There were no judges, all attendees voted on their favorites. That's in my opinion the true hackaton/gamejam spirit. They can be easily intercepted by anyone near your phone with TI Calypso based phone, like Openmoko Neo Freerunner or old Motorola phones. Of course there are also dedicated pieces of hardware for that. Uhm? Unsafe servers? How so? For me it looks like the ticket is about unsafe pages trying to mess up with innocent local services, like router http control panel. WSS origin is exactly what's needed here. With the server being already running and meant to be connected to from a browser (as combination of WSS and proper localhost cert is proving), listening and explicitly allowing the client to connect, what threat is supposed to be there? It needs to happen. It's so simple and effective approach that it's really puzzling to see it not being implemented anywhere. "so you can manage to write arbitrary data to $somedir/jitcache instead of $somedir/foobar" That's already escaping from sandbox which most likely would cause much more troubles. In this way we can worry about absolutely anything ;) JavaScript? "Is browsing the Internet with such a big chunk of functionality missing really so much better" Using NoScript does not mean "functionality missing". It's just disabled by default - and personally, most of the time I find the "missing functionality" unnecessary, and in most of places where it's not I already have a whitelist entry in place. HN works perfectly. Lots of pages even work better with NoScript, as it basically cuts a lot of bloat. If some don't, enabling JS is one click away. Anyway, there are lots of pages which are kind of expected to not work correctly without JavaScript - and that's fine. But if for instance Hacker News wouldn't work in its current form without JS, that would be a valid thing to complain about, because there's absolutely no reason for that. There are even some pages that implement loading animation in JS in a way that when JS is disabled, the whole page is obstructed by loader that never disappears - and that's just reckless coding that should be fixed. You're confusing dynamic/static typing with weak/strong typing. JavaScript typing is dynamic and weak, while Python's is dynamic and strong. Why would I? That someone should pay. What you seem to suggest is DDoS victim blaming :P I wouldn't. There's already a threat of Webkit's monoculture on the web, we don't need to make it worse. If you'd like to see Spartan based on some already existing free software engine, then go for Gecko; however, another big player on the engine market won't hurt, especially after Opera went Webkit (well, Blink technically, but it's not a big difference yet). "dumb" and "sophisticated" aren't mutually exclusive, especially when you look at this particular example: only sophisticated algorithms could automatically react to Tesla announcing new product, so only them could do dumb decision and take April Fools joke into account when trading. The point they seem to be making is that benefits of fast trading massively outweigh the losses from making dumb decisions like there, so algorithms that integrate more and more input signals into decision making win in long term - no matter how rough are their assumptions about those signals. It's not about algorithms being fast and simple - it's about algorithms doing more and more complicated stuff (not in "how", but "what" they do), so they can easily make (and will make more often with time) dumb decisions when looking from human point of view - but at the same time they can quickly react on much more types of events that normally would have to be noticed by human first, or already deduced from market actions. Openmoko Inc. is also giving USB PIDs for free to open hardware projects: http://wiki.openmoko.org/wiki/USB_Product_IDs And I think Qi-Hardware Inc. does it as well. But remember to not use dick pics as a communication medium, please! :) https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ahttp... >which confuses users So users are why we can't have nice things. Also, on Nokia N900 they simply didn't do an app at all. Lots of them were quickly written by community and everyone was happy. That's exactly the purpose one shouldn't use Angular for. Well, it could be a dick. Finally. Jessie's kernel had troubles with my Ivy Bridge GPU, leading to X hangs from time to time. Had to install 4.0.0 from Ubuntu packages, cause there was no linux-kbuild available for any newer kernel than jessie's one in Debian repos for quite a long time :( Where did you get your "50% of people are less funny than average" from? Do you know what average is? Your "hint" already stops working if you decide that two of them are equally funny. On my first job interview, despite having already quite a bit of experience with personal and free software projects in various languages and frameworks, I somehow managed to struggle with FizzBuzz. I didn't know that it's supposed to work as a basic filter so I was looking for some catch thinking that it cannot be as easy as it looks. As I couldn't find any I figured out I should go with trying to write the prettiest, most elegant and clever way, started fiddling with modulo division and managed to screw it up under nerves and the fact that I was writing it on paper with no ability to run and check. Also, despite of being told "use whatever language you want", for some irrational reason I worried about correct syntax, which probably added up to my nervousness. Fortunately, they didn't stop there and I was able to do harder tasks better later on ;) I reacted pretty much in the same way on my driving exam. Both that interview and that exam weren't telling you anything about how I actually program or how I actually drive - even under extreme conditions. Being judged is just a completely different experience that makes me behave in completely different way. It was like that - mobile vendors tried to adapt their browsers to make the already existing websites look somehow good. But then iPhone happened. This site is considered by Google as not mobile friendly: http://dosowisko.net/ Just bunch of easily reflowed text and a bit of ASCII art. Browser on my Nokia N900 shows it just fine, zooming is usable, everything seems "friendly". If Nokia could do it on Maemo long time ago, why Apple and Google can't do it now? What if my target audience is actually that 1% niche that doesn't care about mobile, or a niche that actually uses decent browsers and mobile platforms, so they're perfectly able to view my simple page even without stupid meta viewport tag? It seems easy to just add the tag and a few CSS rules - but what if this is a still useful page from 2005 which I have forgotten about? Oh my $deity! I sometimes play a bit with recording music and I always hate drum machine programming. If I could actually program it in some sort of programming language it would be so much nicer! Seems like I've just got a new side project :) Thanks! Although I had something much simplier in mind, Overtone will definitely come handy as well :) Takes a really long time to just reply with an error when trying to register. How is a non-developer supposed to deal with that now? ;] Whatever you do, you'll end up cleaner than when just wiping with paper anyway. Nothing. Fully open CyanogenMod is called Replicant, and just take a look at its support list. That's how open and free Android platforms really are. http://redmine.replicant.us/projects/replicant/wiki/Replican... Notice that it's still based on 4.2, there are not so many of devices it can run on and even with fully documented and open platforms like GTA04 it's still a lot of work to make it run. Plus there's absolutely no way to upstream their work, so it's a massive maintenance burden (one of the reasons they're still on 4.2) AOSP is just what zurn said above - a code drop. If Android was really an open platform, Replicant either wouldn't be needed or Replicant devs would have much less work to do. Openness of Android is great for Chinese vendors making cheap tablets, so they have a ready system to put on them for almost free - but it's not so good as an open platform . I remember kinda similar concept implemented years ago for Openmoko and Maemo, but for geocaching - the app showed you just the arrow and the rest was up to you :) I love the idea of charging to show in imperial units. That's some amazing pro-SI propaganda, we need more stuff like that :) Firefox OS isn't any better than Android when it comes to vendor walled gardens. Mozilla doesn't enforce in any way any openness of the platform - it just provides the open OS. It might be more complete experience than what AOSP alone delivers, but it's still up to vendor to provide, or not, any freedom when it comes to usage of the device. Heck, your platform doesn't even need to be open to be able to market it with Firefox OS brand! They have a set of rules you have to fulfill, but basic stuff like unlocked bootloader isn't even part of them. Neo900 [1] develops a device like that - privacy oriented open platform, with maximum user control over the device. Even though its specs and price might be a bit unsatisfying to some, it's actually a pretty reasonable approach worth supporting - basing its design on N900 and GTA04 is for a small project like that like reaching the low-hanging fruit, while ideas and solutions developed for it such as baseband "sandbox" or hackerbus will be able to be used later in future devices. See also [2] for more details. Full disclosure: I found this project so worth supporting, I actually became team member somewhere at its beginning :) [1] http://neo900.org/ [2] http://neo900.org/stuff/ohsw2014/ohsw2014.pdf Sadly, they aren't really living up to that point. Firefox OS works basically like AOSP - it's up to vendor to provide you unlocked environment (or not). It's not even on a requirement list when you want to market your device using Firefox OS brand. Phones like ZTE Open often came with blocked bootloader you had to "jailbreak" to upgrade FxOS by yourself - seems familiar, doesn't it? Some time ago I tried to compile Firefox OS to GTA04 - a hardware upgrade for Openmoko Neo Freerunner. It's pretty much the most open mobile phone out there these days, allowing you to run basically any GNU/Linux distro you'd want on it. I failed - available documentation is lacking; or actually, it focuses on something completely different. It assumes that you either have a Android phone and goes to great extent describing how to extract non-free binary blobs from your current system and apply them to FxOS, or you have a great knowledge of Android build system and you can handle everything by yourself. GTA04 isn't Android based - while there is Replicant build working on it, it's still closer to standard PC way than Android phones when it comes to stuff like booting etc. Not having much experience with Android from developer side, I simply got lost in all those clearly Android-based instructions. You'd at least think that Gonk, the hardware abstraction layer of Firefox OS implemented on top of Android base system, would be just a compatibility measure for dealing with vendors that only provide Android support. It's not the case - even though Honk (a Gonk reimplementation based on standard GNU/Unix way of how systems work) exists, it was contributed as a part of experimental Raspberry Pi port and is not really maintained ever since. It makes me sad, cause Firefox OS had the potential to actually move smartphones in general towards being a little more open platforms, which is always close to my heart as a long-time Openmoko and OpenPhoenux supporter and contributor, but sadly this aspect got basically ignored by Mozilla itself and they went with pragmatic "let's just make it work, even if it means having non-free low-level androidware under our free OS layer" :( Where it comes to Android, there is already Hayes-RIL for AT based basebands. There are of course also freesmartphone.org's fsogsmd and oFono. You could probably develop an Android layer on top of them if you wanted, bringing great value not just to Firefox OS, but also to AOSP itself. Everybody should, and that shouldn't be newsworthy. That's the problem. I understand and respect Richard Stallman, but I can't agree with him on this subject. How can you know that firmware is "completely non-updateable"? You trust the vendor with that, there's no way to know for sure. What's more - recently (~1.5y ago) somebody figured out how to update firmware of microSD cards [1]. Thanks to him, if we want to apply FSF's point of view, microSD cards suddenly became unacceptable, non-free hardware, while before that blog post they were just fine. I'm involved in development of Neo900 [2] phone and already had fair share of discussions about freedom and openness of components with various people. I was a part of Openmoko community in the past and remember the TI Calypso modem used inside Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner. At first they were non-updateable (for consumer), so were acceptable to RMS. Some time later Openmoko Inc. got firmware fixes for pretty annoying bugs like SIM compatibility and started trying to figure out how to distribute the updates. They obtained a license to redistribute the updater tool, provided the instructions and the firmware image. Suddenly, Neo Freerunner became non-free hw. Then, some time later, partially thanks to Openmoko who provided the updater and instructions, OsmocomBB [3] was born (Harald Welte, who initiated OsmocomBB, also worked earlier in Openmoko). Suddenly Neo Freerunner became free again because there's a free firmware available for Calypso now. So my device I was carrying in my pocket, without any my intervention, went from free to non-free and to free back again. Fun! Also, as a user who cares about his freedom, I prefer to have a hardware with updateable or even entirely user provided non-free firmware than a black-box with the same non-free firmware inside, but not updateable. Of course over that I'll prefer a hw with open firmware, but in the case of the black box, there is even no hope that such a firmware will be provided in the future. And when at the same time you cannot be 100% sure that it really is non-updateable, then what's the advantage? I can't see any. In theory, I can agree with FSF and RMS. In practice, hardware doesn't really work that way. [1] http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=3554 [2] http://neo900.org/ [3] http://bb.osmocom.org/ There are no open source smartphones with open source firmware for their modems. The closest you can get is Openmoko Neo Freerunner with OsmocomBB installed, but you cannot legally use it to transmit anything on public networks before you obtain new certification for the modem, as replacing the firmware voids the one vendor got for you. The best you can get regarding openness of devices that can be practically used is to completely separate the main CPU from baseband processor (sans some generic interface like USB or serial) and this is exactly what Openmoko, and now also Neo900 are doing. Neo900 project goes one step further - it assumes the modem is a rogue black box by default, so deploys systems that allow the user to monitor the modem. Unfortunately, mainstream devices go further and further away from that separation and now most of the time use fully integrated designs, where the non-free firmware of the baseband has full access to user OS via shared RAM or even shared CPU. > How hard is it for open source designers to design their own hardware and open the firmware for it? Depending on the type of hardware we're talking about, it's either: already done, hard or very hard. If you want to go open with hardware, you either: - decide that you can go with some obsolete specs. Then you only reach the small niche really interested in freedom and openness and pretty much nobody else. The costs and prices skyrocket, because you cannot rely on economy of scale. - device that you want to provide competitive hardware to what's already on the market, but free. In most of the fields, you will have a hard time to catch up to competitors, as you most likely won't be able to get any funding in the way they did. You'll have to resort to crowdfunding and probably fail anyway, as a very small fraction of projects like that manages to do anything at all - and they're usually the smaller and easier ones anyway. Also, closed firmware blobs don't pose any threats - any additional ones that you already have even when not using them, that is. If you have a device that doesn't need a firmware to be loaded in order to run, then most likely it already has a non-free firmware integrated on board. For instance: HDD, SSD, SD cards, some cameras, most of controllers like USB or RAID... virtually anything. By calling people like Theo de Raadt conspirators, you only hurt the cause you think you are fighting for. You won't change the world by that. You can only change it with small steps, by supporting niche projects like Neo900, even if they had to go for some compromises. What differentiates them from others is that their compromise lies far further than what's common in mainstream devices, and only if this iteration succeeds, a new one could in the future, moving that compromise even further towards the ideal state. Having been involved in Openmoko and related communities for quite a long time exactly for the reasons of hardware freedoms and openness, I really don't see any other way. Binary blobs running on your CPU under your OS is a completely different issue than binary blobs of firmware. If you have to provide the firmware blob to the device, it's most likely only because it was cheaper to not include any flash memory on it that could store it. Also, they can be very different in their nature. Firmwares can contains fairly complex operating systems that run on some microcontroller inside your hard drive, they can be hand-crafted for particular piece of hardware (so there's no source code) or they may only consist of some data structures needed to properly initialize the registers or other stuff like that. See, even you are confused. If you give "loss of fast 3D" as an example of running blob-free, you didn't understand what Theo is talking about. 3D drivers run in user or kernel space, there is a clear policy about how to deal with stuff like that in basically any serious operating system that labels itself free and open. This mail was about firmwares. The little blobs your OS has to upload into memory of your WiFi card, Bluetooth controller, sensors, camera... and that's all it has to do with it. The rest happens on completely different CPUs - the ones that live inside your WiFi card, Bluetooth controller, sensors, camera... Even if your hardware seemingly doesn't require the blob to be loaded, it's most likely because it simply has a on board memory to store it. Some don't (obviously, that's cheaper way) and require user to load their firmware before they can operate. And nowadays, basically anything has such a firmware. Even microSD cards. From OS point of view, the only sensible approach to differentiate between free and non-free firmwares is to ask a question "is it freely redistributable?". If you go deeper than that, you enter the Open Hardware territory - which comes with its own set of principles and pandora boxes. It hasn't halted and it didn't run into "serious issues" (blockers). It just needs its time. It's a small project, so when for instance it has to provide a webshop so people can make their orders, the R&D is pretty much halted from lack of resources as everyone is focused on that. We haven't taken all such non-technical issues properly into account when estimating needed time and it backfires. However, I think it's not that bad overall - there is slow, but steady progress all the time. See the last news from a week ago: http://neo900.org/news/the-neo900-shop-grand-opening-for-pre... Also, just so you're aware: you cannot "wait to decide", as it's basically built to order and financed almost completely that way. The moment it goes to production you will have to find at least another 200-300 people interested in buying it, so the second production batch will be possible to happen. I think this article by Douglas Adams from 1998 is in hindsight very inspiring on this matter: http://www.douglasadams.com/dna/980707-05-a.html The industry simply disregarded the opportunity Adams recognized and just moved what we all hate from paper media to the Internet. However, in the Internet we have a tools we can use to defend ourselves. It's really no wonder that we, users, increasingly reach for them and it's only a stupidity (and/or greediness) of ad companies that prevented them from predicting that. How can you be sure that the firmware blob you got for some chipset is really some software compiled from source code and not a hand made initialization structure for some registers needed for it to operate properly? Or maybe you need some custom, proprietary solution to compile it that even the company that developed this hardware have no rights to redistribute? Or maybe even the company you bought that hardware from has no idea about the source code or firmware, because they simply used some chipset available on the market? Or... It's really counterproductive to differentiate it in this way. It doesn't help the cause at all. The license of firmware blob is really not a kernels issue. It's a lower layer - you can go for that when you start requiring all your hardware to be open. Otherwise, it's like bashing Mozilla due to Firefox not providing an option to load only Creative Commons or similarly free content from the Web. The kernel is here just to upload a bitstream to memory of some device. For kernel, it doesn't matter if it's open or not. It's just set of bits needed to be sent somewhere, nothing more, nothing less. It not like a typical software, as it's not even executed on your system. > (I'm saddened that you can't imagine ever needing to load FPGA, NAND, or VRAM "firmware" to boot a GPU.) That's clearly not what you were talking about. It's true that drivers usually also contain firmwares, or microcodes for GPU. However, removing them will most likely prevent you from using GPU at all, not just "fast 3D". And even if it doesn't, because the most important parts of that non-free firmware are already sealed in memory on the card, it's no different from, let's take the easier example, any HDD out there. So either your blob-free system works almost perfectly, cause you only take the software running on main CPU into account, or your blob-free system doesn't work at all, cause you actually removed all firmware blobs and basically nothing works anymore, including HDD, CD drive and motherboard. You already have such option. On Linux, you simply don't install or remove stuff from /lib/firmware However, ideologically it doesn't make any sense, since when your kernel is booted you're most likely already past the loading of lots of non-free blobs in lots of chips. Kernel deals only with the ones that don't have internal memory to store them. You still cannot be sure that WiFi blob isn't being reflashed over the air. Sure, it's harder to mess with reflashable firmware stored inside the device. However, it's only just like you said - a change on priority list, nothing else. Differentiating this in terms of freedom is a hypocrisy. Anyway. Kernel just provides you an interface to load such firmware into your device. When the firmware is freely redistributable, it's also included in the kernel source tree. Nothing more, nothing less. It's up to you to decide what to do with it - you can easily look up all the needed info and remove unwanted firmware files. For me there's no difference where it's stored. Closed firmware is closed firmware. We either have to accept it or not use PCs at all. In the meantime, we should rather focus on producing stuff that increasingly stops requiring it, instead of aimlessly fighting with kernel developers. As I said, under Linux it's just a matter of files in /lib/firmware, so you can easily implement this process however you would like to in userspace. I'm an European and I cannot grasp that education system in US. Granted, most of my knowledge comes from rants like John Oliver's or this one, so I guess it's hardly objective, but it looks like a pile of the worst possible solutions gathered together just to screw up the highest number of people. A few days ago there was also an interesting article here about US students discovering that they can go to Germany and have a high quality education without going into any debts. How is this system supposed to work well? It seems to be clearly designed to make money, not to educate people, which doesn't seem like a good way to enhance and maintain your society. aka "Windows users discover our CTRL+Z" :) Been doing that very often during Ludum Dare where the best games have usually very fine gameplay and very poor everything else, like lack of pause or progress save - surely came handy. I think the point that grandparent was trying to make is that with Debian support, Ubuntu support comes almost for free, and you get other Debian descendants included as well. It broadens your set of officially supported users quite a lot for a cost comparable to adding support for a new Ubuntu release. While generally it's also true the other way around (if something is made for Ubuntu, it's likely it will work on Debian without big issues), it would be nice for companies to recognize Ubuntu's roots and make the support official. Of course in practice the community will quickly report back to you something like "hey, change your dependency to include libjpeg-turbo8 or libturbojpeg0, in Debian there's no libjpeg-turbo8" (real example from early Steam package), however, maybe it's just me, but when I see something having official support for Ubuntu only it sounds like "we were too lazy to give it a try on other distros", while explicitly stating support for Debian-based distributions starts sounding much more professional :) Grandparent obviously meant case insensitive filesystems. "Gtk has won" [citation needed] Plus "KDE apps pull a lot of deps" claim is already outdated, as recent releases of KDE Frameworks are highly modularized. No. NoScript makes browsing faster, disables lots of annoyances and (to some extent) increases security - not just by blocking JS scripts, but also by providing great tools against stuff like clickjacking. Maybe it fights some tracking as a side effect, but that's not the reason you install it, because it's not made for that and therefore is not very effective. I've used Semantic UI back in 0.x days on one project and I must say it was really pleasant experience, especially when compared to Bootstrap. Glad to see it still going on! Am I reading this correctly?? Complaining about hackers being hackers on a site called Hacker News... Seriously?? David Cameron is unsustainable. He can no longer be tolerated in the face of governmental terror. "undefined" (and "NaN") are not a reserved keywords. They're just a properties of global object, with values of, respectively, primitive "undefined" and primitive "NaN" (which are not accessible directly). In ES5 these properties are defined as [[Writable]]: false, which explains your behaviour. You can however still create such variable in non-global scope - simply wrap that code in a function and it will work. This. I really hope there was money included, because that's the only reason to do this integration that I understand and somehow accept. Walled garden "ecosystems" can be also useful to people called "users". There are plenty of ways they can give up their privacy to gain some convenience. Do we really want Mozilla to go that way though? While what you say might be true, when I want to download some project and find out that it's hosted on SourceForge, my first thought is "oh crap, it's probably outdated and unmaintained". The second one is "I'll better check again, maybe they migrated somewhere else". I don't trust SourceForge anymore like I used to in the past. Stuff like taking over old projects and adding adware to them definitely don't help, but even ignoring that SourceForge still feels dead. Effectively left. The fact and the reason why he was effectively forced to are irrelevant to this article. What does "to succeed" mean? As long as it will be usable for me and some other people, not abandoned and keep progressing, it will succeed. It doesn't need to take over the market. Probably not. I have "downvoted" bunch of them to just see the next one, until I realized that I'm really downvoting them. So what? What money is there in KDE as a whole? Even more - such job can be perfectly handled by a Makefile. That wouldn't be bad, pizza is always the solution. Exactly, that's the sole purpose and that's how DNT works. It's nothing more than a voice "I don't wish to be tracked" and an expectation to be listened to.