near Columbus, GA. Currently working on a tenant griping site (launching later this week; I'll probably post about it), and trying to figure out this whole "revenue" thing. :) "I wouldn't feel comfortable telling my ideas to people who copy others so obviously. maybe they hoped nobody would see?!" Or maybe they've internalized the idea that ideas aren't the important part of most startups, and it didn't occur to them that people might see it as a negative. I haven't applied (yet) to either, due to age (33) and a mortgage, but I'm still thinking about it. :) Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it is easier for those of us who have wives who are interested in being a founder, rather than a founder's wife. :) But if we avoid requiring the dedicated poll code, PG won't need to get around to writing it... So the obvious solution is that everyone should make a point of doing a poll a day until PG writes the code. It just takes longer to evaluate the worth of a novel than the worth of a blog post, so if you read only novels, it might be weeks before you find one you really like, but if you're reading blog posts, you're likely to find something you really like later today. For equally good blog posts and novels, the worth of the novel is less than the proportionately longer length would suggest. That's less useful for those of us who don't believe in a creator. Hm. They complain that they couldn't contact Google about this, yet it only took me a minute or so to find: "To request reinclusion, log in to Google webmaster tools, click Tools, then choose the Request reinclusion link and follow the steps outlined there." Perhaps they did that and just didn't mention it. While I don't consider anything patentable, I just put "No" on the application. Perhaps you also need a certain amount of karma. I'm logged in (with 2 karma) and don't see any down arrows. Yet another micropayments startup. Unfortunately, my current thoughts on that require several hundred thousand, minimum, so I'll need to get rich (relative to where I am) before I can really get that done. I'm still working on the details, but the direction I'm moving mostly consists of taking the best ideas of current payment systems and leaving the worst ones out. The trickiest one involves email addresses as the payment identifier. That seems like a good idea at first glance (and had me fooled for years; I'm from a payment systems background), but I think it turns out to have been a bust. I'm also not particularly interested in P2P payments, as there are lots and lots of systems out there for that, and it never has really taken off. The dominant system is still merchant/customer, and I think it will continue to be for a number of reasons: each person receiving payments needs a lot of people paying to make any given activity worth doing, and people just don't seem to pay each other tiny sums -- and paycheck-size sums are already handled well by check/ACH, direct deposit, and so on. But given the level of funding I'll need to get this started properly, it certainly isn't a YC app, so I have to succeed with some other interesting project first. :) Microsoft is still an enormously profitable and powerful company in the real world, and you should be more careful about drawing conclusions based on what a few people think in your insular little "Web 2.0" bubble. More seriously, I mostly do business right now with small businesses (2-8 people), and some stupidly high proportion of these businesses run totally on Windows. When they go to buy the computer(s) they need, it never even occurs to them that there is any choice about whether to buy Windows, because Windows is just what programs run in. This kind of customer laughs ruefully along with the Apple commercials they see on TV, but I don't think it ever crosses their mind that they could actually buy a Mac for their business, much less a Linux box. Word, Excel, Internet Explorer, Outlook, and Exchange are the core software apps of 90+% of small businesses. ...but not all of us. There must be a bunch of hackers here who'd rather not deal with people, but feel forced to because, well, who else is going to? By the way, Steve Jobs is more of a design critic and salesman than designer. It takes different skills to do well at being a novelist vs. a book critic. I'm not sure I see the point, actually. Why would this be more interesting than the current reddit behavior? Well, the first part of my comment was a joke, and the second part was only asserting that Microsoft wasn't going to go away soon, because they're a de facto standard. I'm not saying that I worry about them for my own projects, or that you should for yours. :) Ah. For even more control over what appears on the front page, it might be useful to have a certain pool of points for each user, derived from site metrics, which the users could then apportion as they saw fit, rather than only one per submission. You really want this story to reach the front page? Spend half of your 34 points on it, or whatever. Columbus, GA area; 2; 33, 27 Oh, no problem. I thought that more people would notice that it's lifted directly from the article. On the other hand, I guess it's quite possible that it isn't funny. :) We got ours yesterday. At least it removes the problem of deciding what to do if accepted by TS and invited to an interview by YC. :) Clearly not necessary , since the list of startups without such a person as a founder is long. I think not selecting anyone would be bad for reputation. They're already starting out "in the hole", so to speak, and failing to select the ten they say they're looking for would confirm evilness for some people, and raise the question for others. If I were building a gmail, I'd be using a maildir-derivative. Slashdot only gives you moderation points some days, though. I read slashdot two or three times a week, still, and hardly ever have mod points. I dunno if you can use more than one mod point on a single comment, there. My reference to site metrics assumed that you'd give out the same amount of mod points to each person, based on some calculation involving the number of articles, users, and how many you wanted on the front page each day. I can imagine someone being annoyed that they don't have enough mod points to give a single point to each article they find interesting, though, and it would be a pain to have to constantly fine tune the calculation, so one way to mitigate that would be to allow everyone to mod up any article by one point (like on reddit) without using their pool of mod points, and then they could use the mod points for "extra" ups. Half the blogosphere, apparently. :) That title does create lots of buzz, but it's really polarized buzz. Not that that's a bad thing, necessarily. My stereotype is exactly the opposite: hackers and nerds are going to be malnourished or overweight, but less likely to be of healthy proportions. I'm certainly well overweight myself. I'd be intrigued to hear what "they must have parents" might have to do with it. :) I've had a box at Serverbeach for a few years, and they've been very reliable, and are pretty cheap. There's been a single issue I was unhappy about, which was a mandatory IP change for my box due to a reconfiguration of their network (after they were bought by peer1, a fiber/bandwidth company). All else has been nigh on perfect. They do expect that you'll handle everything yourself that can be handled remotely, though I wouldn't think that was a problem in this crowd. :) Edit: Er, and if you do choose to go with them, email me for a discount code if you want one. Python and web.py Here's a thought. You say cooking feels like coding to you. It doesn't at all to me. One major difference for me is that when you make a change while coding, you can see instantly what the difference is; there's no delay. In cooking, you often have to wait for minutes after a change to see if it was a good change. But after thinking about that, it dawns on me that cooking is like coding, if you're using a language that requires a separate compile step. I've always avoided those languages (all my experience is in interpreted languages, except for CL, which still has no requirement for a length compile step). Anyway, less fancifully, I think there's a culture difference, here. If you grew up in a house where there was always a hundred things you could nuke for breakfast, why would you ever learn to cook unless you were especially interested in one dish that had to be cooked? Lastly, I was a nerd when growing up, and we were pretty much the poorest people in the trailer park. My father knew how to cook hamburger helper and most anything else with instructions on the box or can, but I cook far more than he did when I was growing up. There's still always a strong temptation to just grab a bag of chips instead of making a meal, but my wife gets unhappy if I do that more than once or twice a week. :) Well, there is that. I spend rather more time gloating about my Macs than I should, I suppose, and much of the gloating is about antivirus suckage for the Windows boxes. :) Didn't the applications themselves call for email addresses, or am I misremembering? I'd assumed it was an artifact of the storage mechanism that pg didn't consider problematic enough to fix. PostgreSQL, for example, has no order guarantees unless you explicitly call for them, but seems to order by last update to the row. Not that I'm suggesting that a SQL database backs news.yc; pg seems to have a preference for filesystems over databases. Me, too, on both counts. It's too late for that: "with 14-day advance purchase" Just now, yes. Ah, well... Good luck. We're on that path, too. Here four. "because surely you could get 15000$ somehow" I think you live in a different world than some of the rest of us. Not only is 15K a lot of money (more than half of what my wife and I made last year, and we're not doing badly here in east Alabama), but it's often the case that the only people who could possibly get that kind of money are friends and family who've already paid for most or all of a house. So, the question becomes, would you rather work on this part time, or try to convince your parents or friends to bet their home on your startup? Serverbeach has 2TB bandwidth and varying amounts of disk up to 500GB. They don't manage the server for you, though, after setup. ...but in SV, 15K will only last a month, whereas here we could stop spending so much and actually live for a year on that. Our home cost us 51K for 1550sq ft on a homesite with 12000 sq ft. Is this the best place to start a startup? No. However, having attempted to pull up and move to an expensive place where we knew no one (NH, in 2003), I'm not eager to go through that experience again just now, so we'll just keep plugging away until we succeed. For someone with an actual degree, it ranges from ~20K starting on up to 60K or so in this area. There aren't many of those 60K jobs, though. People who have ambitions beyond ~40K typically either move or start their own business(es). More than half the people I know run a one-person business either on the side or instead of having a "job". There are a coupla barriers to moving; we have a house to pay for, hardly know anyone (personally) who doesn't live around here, and have issues "getting a decent salary" due to history. I've been freelancing for seven years, with no degree, and it turns out that people aren't interested in hiring someone like that remotely. In 2003, we gave moving to the Boston area a shot (Nashua), but the only position I managed to get was Comcast tech support (and all our clients were down here, of course), which didn't pay enough to save up enough money for a deposit. It was a totally different world up there. Here, if you have a thousand dollars, you can pay a deposit and the first two months rent, and have plenty left over to look for a job for a month. Your first full paycheck at even a convenience store would pay the rent. In Nashua, I was making (for the 6 months we were there) about the same amount I would here for the same job, except that landlords wanted outrageous sums for housing that even slumlords would be ashamed of in the South. "Let me get this straight: you want nearly a thousand a month for a room that doesn't even have a private bath?! Did you accidentally include an extra zero?" Anyway, enough ranting. :) If you've lived in such a place long enough to think it's normal to pay thousands a month, rather than hundreds, just to have food, gas, and a small house, I imagine it's hard to understand the shock. Six months into that attempted move, after being too exhausted from dealing with people all day (I'm not a people person) to do anything but collapse into bed, it finally became clear that there was essentially no way we would ever be able to save up enough money (we had to stay in weekly places, due to never having the 2K or so it would have required to get a crappy apartment). We'd been spoiled by doing exactly this same thing in 1998 moving to Florida, and having that turn out well. So, basically, the biggest barrier is that it would take years of saving, here, to come up with enough money to not instantly be homeless in the Boston area or SV. Alternatively, we can just continue with doing startups in extremelycheapland, while living a middle class lifestyle on 15 hours of freelancing a week. I'm sorry if you got the impression I wasn't spending lots of time on my startup. I am. I was explaining why, for some startups like mine, it wasn't a clear-cut decision whether to try to move to a startup hub, because it's arguable that the lower burn rate is better. "How much do houses cost where you live, btw? I don't think people would be "gambling away their houses" by giving you 15K - wouldn't that just be two or three years more of paying off the mortgage?" Yes, I admit I was being a bit melodramatic. :) Houses around here cost anywhere from 30K (manufactured home and a building lot) up; site-built homes start in the 60s for a small two bedroom place. I don't personally know anyone who spent more than 150K for a house within 40 miles of here, but there are a lot of ads for subdivisions "starting in the 190s" and such, now. Property values have gone way up for newly built homes, but older homes haven't appreciated proportionately. As I mentioned above, we're paying a little over 50K for ours, but we had the land given to us by relatives. This is all totally off-topic, I suppose. Perhaps I'll point at this thread when I start hiring to explain why I'm only offering 35K salary. ;) Twitter, apparently. It's funny. Laugh. Probably he wasn't serious. :) If they're not claiming it's their work, I'd say it isn't plaigarism. (And they don't appear to be, as of comment time). Current voice recognition technology is actually fine. My wife's phone has a dial-by-voice feature that she uses all the time to select from her contacts, and it's a prepaid phone she bought outright for 19 bucks. This suggests to me that voice recognition for things like "Call Mike" is a solved problem. Sure. This was mentioned last Friday, too, I think. :) I've emailed you. You might be interested by http://common-lisp.net/project/cl-prevalence/ . I think their secret is that YC deliberately tries to choose founders with a certain design sensibility. As someone who runs a small business as my "day job", I'd say it most certainly isn't bad to compete with small businesses. :) The thank-you page isn't really code, so even though it might be hundreds of lines of HTML and CSS, it's the web designer's responsibility, not the coder's. :) The code for the thank-you page could be as simple as: import smtplib smtplib.SMTP('127.0.0.1').sendmail('website@example.com', ['you@example.com'], "From: website@example.com\r\nTo: you@example.com\r\n\r\nMessage follows: %s" % (web.input.get('feedback', 'NOTHING'),)) Not sure it that will work without a .quit(), but then you'd have at least 4 lines. Well, that's what local libraries are for. :) Hey, look! I'm not too old (at 34)! :) A PPC 17" iMac. My wife has a dual-G5 PowerMac. Of course, you can't buy these models any more, but they've both been reliable. An important thing is that you should probably buy directly from Apple. Every experience I've had buying from third parties resulted in Macs arriving with hardware problems. Could have been a coincidence, I suppose. I used to have a 17" PowerBook (first 17" model), and I carried it around a lot. There's a Halliburton case that fits it snugly on all sides; no rattling or anything. People complain about the weight and size, but I never noticed a problem. Of course, I'm a pretty big guy. Wow. I guess this explains why they weren't interested in our http://dontrentfrom.com , since it's a variant on the same idea. It would be trivial to spin off various topical forums. I believe you have to have a certain amount of karma. Not much, though, since I can see it with less than 20 karma. I've been using it for a week and a half, now, and I have exactly the same reaction as this reviewer. It's so great not to have to switch back and forth between different windows (different desktops, for me; I use Desktop Manager), but there are little things that keep bugging me, like the "open in same tab" thing with the terminal. Another problem I have with it is overeager completion, but I suppose I'll just get used to this -- I was never a fan of Dreamweaver, which also does this. That depends strongly on the company, doesn't it? A list of companies represented here after they get some usage would read like a "don't apply to" list. "If 5 people in room always agree, then clearly that room is clearly not filled with intelligent people." This turns out to be not the case, if by "intelligent" you'll allow me to substitute "rational." People who are rational and honest should always agree: http://hanson.gmu.edu/deceive.pdf And, also: http://www.overcomingbias.com/2006/12/agreeing_to_agr.html "[...] the YouTube founders are now set for life and count it as personal wealth." Well, unless Google stock crashes. As anyone who has ever been to a casino knows, it's not your money until you've cashed in your chips -- at any time before that, it could all disappear. There are a number of problems with it. First, it won't actually affect spammers unless nearly everyone is using it... what could force them to accept the charges? Second, it's turned out that even the email systems that ask people to confirm they sent something (which spambots can't understand in general) are too much for many people to bother with, so asking them to join a system in order to pay a fraction of a cent for each email they write would likely be too much trouble. Lastly, spam filters actually work really well. I get roughly a thousand spams a day to my primary address which has been continuously in use for ~7 years, and have to "mark as junk" maybe two spams a day -- the rest go straight to my junk folder. Hey, in Safari the "Add this..." doesn't work. Well, I assume it's just Safari. So, if I can't add any restaurants, I'm much less likely to use the site. :) Well, this is an argument for requiring verification if you plan to use email for password resets. Alternatively, you can allow only a small number of password reset attempts per email address per day/hour/whatever. One thing that you shouldn't do is reset someone's password immediately when you send out the reset email. Instead, reset it only when they arrive back at the reset page, else you're opening a DOS attack for anyone whose email address is known. I use prototype.js. I haven't found a good reason to use anything else, yet. The main link was to a comment on an old thread. If he'd made the top level of this thread the actual comment it linked to (assuming that makes sense in news.yc), it would take up a whole lot of space on the front page... While you don't have any other responses yet, I think this is an interesting question, though possibly somewhat off topic for news.yc. Either lifecasting will promote good behavior on the part of the lifecasters, or they'll eventually stop worrying about it. I myself expect everything I say or do to eventually be public knowledge to anyone who wants to know, with increasing data processing tech, and try to govern my life accordingly. One way to be transparent to normal users, as long as your site uses javascript anyway, is to do a javascript (or flash, I suppose) hashcash implementation. If javascript on a typical browser takes 45 seconds to work out a solution, then that's enough to prevent spambots from just implementing it without driving the amount of spam they can send out way down. If you already know you want a VW Golf, the ad isn't very useful for the advertiser. I see. I assumed the advertiser was VW, but as you point out, there are others who'd still be interested. This is exactly how I make a living, for the last 5-8 years, depending on exactly how you count, and some clients will indeed pay 10s of thousands for software that they can't otherwise buy. It helps to be in a narrow industry, of course (mine was digital gold currencies, though I'm no longer doing anything in that market). Nice parody. :) Those comments of Guy's were about incorporation. Well, some of us want to emigrate to space, but taking a several hour ride and coming right back isn't nearly so interesting. :) Bittorrent grew out of MojoNation, a "distributed, peer to peer, file store", per wikipedia. So it already had a business sponsoring it. Distributing content tracking is much harder than distributing the content, and if they'd waiting to solve that problem before publishing code, it probably would have died. I think there's a lesson here: don't wait to solve all your problems before you launch, because even if some of them are insoluble, the parts you have solved might be useful enough to be successful. I suppose other people have more concisely summed that up as "release early; release often", eh? Yeah, I've probably bought and given away more books than anything else, and the vast majority of books are not worth keeping around after you've read them once. I look forward to the day when all or virtually all books are available for download. Webscriptions.net is a wonderful example of this for fiction, given that they have pure HTML books, and not just PDF or some proprietary reader format. I live in a place he'd probably characterize as poor (my neighbors probably all make less than 20K), and everyone has LOTS of stuff around here, often including the mentioned cars in the front yard. When you buy cheaper stuff, it breaks more often, and it's usually cheaper to buy a new one than fix the old one, but if you're poor, you spent too much of your income on the old one to be comfortable just throwing it away. So the old microwave that doesn't work goes in the closet in case it can be fixed, and you buy a new microwave for less than you paid for the old one two years ago. You keep the broken chair in your living room because eventually you'll have enough money and time to fix and recover it, and then for years tell people not to sit in it when they come in to visit, because "it's just broken right now, but we'll get it fixed". Google loads REALLY quickly. I don't notice the difference between a blank page and Google, and I live in the US, where broadband speeds are supposed to be woefully inadequate, per some recent article on reddit. :) Well, a novel is less likely to be rereadable than, say, _ANSI Common Lisp_, because you'd use the latter as a reference. I sometimes reread novels, but only the really especially good ones, if I remember that I've read it before. In general, I don't read novels for perspective, though it's really nice when there's some to be gained, rare though that is. I've probably read somewhere around 10K books, the vast majority of which were novels, and way more than half of which were not really worth reading had my time been as limited as it later became. When I was a teen, it was easy to finish two or three books a day of stuff I'd throw against the wall by chapter two, now. The fact that I've read it and finished it is no indicator of worth. :) Anyway, I used to own a coupla thousand books, but after moving several times without having looked inside most of them, it dawned on me that carrying around all this dead tree was not very useful. I write software as the largest part of my business, and I don't think I've ever been asked to assign copyright to the purchaser. I go out of my way to point out in written materials that I use licenses like GPL, BSD, and put stuff in the public domain when that's compatible with library licenses and such, but no client has ever actually asked me about that. In my experience, people who are buying custom software don't even think about copyrights and licenses; it just never occurs to them. There's a difference: I own the code that's on my server, but the artist does not own the music that's on my desktop; I do (logically, if not legally). If I sell software to someone, and then they want to sell copies, that's their right. I use licenses which explicitly recognize that right, but even if I didn't it should still be up to them, except where contractually barred. If the artist wants to keep people from selling music they've produced, they're free to do so, by not selling it or giving it away. When they've sold something, however, it's not up to them to control another's actions indefinitely. Obviously this is heavily at odds with current law where I live, but fortunately it's easy to get around said law by using licenses which give legal weight to rights a person should have with respect to easily copied materials. The Pirate Bay is competition, once he's given away or sold the first copy. It's not that "whatever people make should be free". It's that buying something should not automatically restrict your rights to what you already own. If you can figure out how to make a non-easily-copied copy, then you won't need to forcefully (with law) restrict people from using their own computers after purchasing your copy. But the ease of copying (and thus competition) doesn't justify using force. Web applications are one way to solve the problem of "how do I sell use of software without making the copy they're using easily copied". Other ways include, for example, DRM, but web applications are a far more robust solution than DRM, for the class of applications they can provide solutions for. I agree, sort of. (Surprised?) If someone broke into the owner's house or office and copied their work, then clearly a crime has taken place. However, in the vast majority of cases, the owner gives or sells a copy to someone, and a descendant of that copy is what ends up being repackaged or copied for free. In this case, the problem was not that someone "took someone's work and repackaged it as free", but that the owner already sold the work. The idea that the owner can sell something and still own it is simply at odds with digital copying. No law will change this, but it's apparently harder to communicate than King Canute's point about the tide was. :) "How would you write a web application to deliver some music without being able to steal it? You can't." No, web applications are not a panacea. But some business model will work, and finding that business model is far more profitable than attempting to legislate a hold on digital copying. If there's some particular type of thing for which there is no profitable method of distribution, then that thing won't be produced for profit. Law can distort this to a degree, but such distortions always produce more problems than they solve. The market always wins. :) I think the first copy of a book or other creative product (that will sell well) is incredibly valuable, and I have some ideas for ways to get a large chunk of that value for the author/artist, but they require micropayments to be widespread, and that's what I'm working on right now. :) I don't think most people enter into any such agreement. Usually nothing is said about that before the sale, and any contract presented after the sale cannot be valid. That doesn't mean US courts won't enforce it anyway, of course. :( Eventually that will change, I expect. I must be using ajax wrong. :/ It's not clear to me how using ajax would expose functions and variables not exposed by any other form, because you still need a form; you're just building it with javascript. Right? When you use ajax, you're just saving some page loads, not throwing away server-side validation; it seems to me that you'd have to go out of your way to screw this up after you have your original non-ajax site working. Could you unpack that? I'm not sure how taxicabs relate. I see. Thanks. News reports a few years ago said that studies had shown that 3mg worked less well than none at all. I just use cron for asynchronous tasks, because it's less complex to write for (just write the script to do the task once, after all), and any unix will already have cron running for other things. If you can do reasonably rapid development with that, more power to you. :) At least the result should be fast. The Onion is not news at all, to be clear. It's just funny. I used to be a caffeine junkie. Weirdly, however, after hitting a rough patch this year and deciding that I couldn't afford 4 2L bottles a day any more, I found that I was no less productive without it, and I'm far less anxious. I have an occasional caffeinated soft drink or green tea, still, but the non-stop highly-caffeinated Randall days are no more. This is an important one. The brighter the light, the more I feel "worklike". To a point, of course, but 700 watts equiv. is as high as my office goes. Yeah, but then you had to eat sardines. ;) Indeed. Or, actually, I've only smelled them as the can is opened; I don't think I've ever actually eaten any. But I understand that lots of people like sardines -- it was suppose to be merely funny. :) Yeah, but I found that even with the addiction, I wasn't interested in tasteless delivery devices. :) Diet Mountain Dew is fine, and Lipton's Diet Green Tea (which has less caffeine) is fine, but given that it doesn't really help me much, pills are too much trouble. Also, it only took me about 3 days to feel normal, and a coupla weeks to not really want it very much, after 5 years of averaging between 3 and 4 2L Diet Mountain Dew a day. It helped that my wife was very vocal about how much less stressed I seemed; after I was off of it, she suggested I just stay off even when I can afford it, so I'm doing that for now. It's not clear whether you meant to say "live under the fear" or "understand the fear". If the former, no, because they're just another competitor, if so. If the latter, then sure, because some YC companies have kicked ass. Statistically, though, it's still somewhat unlikely that any given YC company will succeed, and only if they were going to succeed were I not in the marketplace would I need to worry about them particularly. Speaking personally, the front page of clutterme looks good. It's the samples that put me off. :/ "Would any of you find mechanical turk-based usability testing valuable?" Quite valuable, yes. :) Perhaps the people that create forum traffic to jumpstart new sites could expand into this easily. I can't remember the names of any of them at the moment... It's hard to know yet whether it's mediocre, though, eh? Perry Metzger is a smart guy, so I'll wait and see. Just in Malaysia?! That seems like a very limited market, especially for an apparently English-language service. Okay, so I looked at this. I don't get the point of the grid system. Rather, what I want to know is: if you're going to laboriously simulate tables in CSS classes, why not just use tables? It would be simpler, more easily understandable by human readers, scales up and down better (Blueprint doesn't do non-fixed layouts yet, apparently), and in HTML4, at least, would usually involve less markup. Against this, it wouldn't be quite as easily read for the tiny fraction of a percent that use screen readers. That seems like a very small price to pay for the major wins. I don't think he meant what you think he meant by "clean". And here I had my hopes up... ;) He's talking about the 2005 article, but it seems you're talking about the artix site. Wrong thread. :) Geek, usually in jeans and a t-shirt. More to the point, I'm asocial enough that it's going to be a challenge to do any face-to-face communication I need to do to make my startup work. We'll see how that works out. :) Perhaps he'll write a book with them in it... The crowding is not due to too many people. There are lots of places on the planet with very few people; it's just that many people (when free to travel) prefer crowding to solitude. Maybe there should be "virtual" forums, so you can define an area with all the selected state forums combined. Seems like it would be easy to do that, actually. A coupla times a week. Back around 1999, I was there multiple times a day. HTML is object code only because you don't have a dedicated designer who wants to make design decisions and changes without requiring the programmer's time. For news.yc that's fine, but for many business sites, having HTML automatically generated in a designer-opaque manner is inconvenient. Eventually you want to hand off the design to someone who is good at design, and having to find someone good at design and good at the programming language you use limits the pool of designers. The usual alternative to html-as-object-code is to use a template system, but template systems seem to move as a group (and individually during development) toward being a way to write your usual language, but surrounded by HTML, which has the same problems I outline above, since the designer still has to mess with what's really application code. I suppose this is because template systems are usually designed by programmers, for programmers. Heh. Actually, for most things I've been involved with, UI has been more difficult than any of the rest of it. One of the promises of the web was that interface could be cleanly separated from the application itself, and it seems to me that most approaches being used today throw away that promise because the programmers assume that UI and design aren't important, or aren't hard. You may notice if you look around that much of the time when someone replies to someone else (in any context, not specifically news.yc) they are saying something they wanted to say or like saying, rather than expecting to change someone's mind. In fact, there are many, many exceptions to my general rule that you'd want to eventually turn over HTML/CSS/design stuff to a designer, and news.yc is one, probably. But the vast majority of my projects are no exception, and I'm fortunate to be married to a designer with strong opinions on the matter, so I get good feedback. :) Welcome to how humans work. The concept of "fair" isn't about economic utility, unfortunately. Even the "global warming skeptics" aren't actually skeptical about the fact that warming has been happening. Rather, they're skeptical that there's a sudden uptick in the last few decades, and/or that global warming as it exists is human-caused. It's well understood that several hundred years ago, it was colder (at least in the northern hemisphere), simply because of historical records we have that don't make much sense otherwise. Also, it's well understood (though recently challenged) that it was warmer than twentieth century levels before that for some amount of time. So the controversy is all over whether humans are causing any significant part of the warming that is currently happening, and whether that can or should be fixed by reducing greenhouse gas levels. Popularity isn't proof that someone is a good writer, but it certainly is evidence of same. "Direct influence" may be too mild; Greenspan was one of her "inner circle" of followers. It worked out pretty well for my father, who's 80. It probably ruins the experiment that he had been using (well, failing to use) Windows for years previously, however. He understands and uses the mouse; his problem with that is not the concept, but tremor. The first mouse he ever used at home was a trackball, but he hasn't had much problem switching to the scroll-ball mouse that came with his Mac Mini. On Windows, he never seemed to get the difference between situations calling for left click and those calling for right click, so the single-button mouse was a relief. Bubbles don't require a "stock market", only a market and some sort of insulation from bad choices for a while. Are you disagreeing? I wasn't saying that the current situation is or isn't a bubble (I'll only know that in retrospect... :]); rather, I was saying that bubbles can form in markets other than stock markets. One of the most famous was the tulip bubble, in which the involvement of stock markets lagged the formation of the bubble by some time. Yeah, nanotechnology was coined to mean molecular manufacturing -- mechanical chemistry. Unfortunately, it's been applied too widely, and so we now have to use these clumsier terms to describe Drexler's idea. I think many people are not terrified, or even particularly afraid. I certainly don't want to die (like, ever), but I can understand those who "are ready" to die, now. Ten years ago, I couldn't even understand that. It was incomprehensible to me. Generalizing improperly from my own experience and that of people I know, it seems to me that it gets easier to accept the idea of death for many people as they age. Hopefully we'll crack the aging thing ASAP, but I wonder how many will die of old age even after aging is more-or-less optional. It's sad that this got downmodded; seems funny to me. :) (That is, if it really was "Rant rant rant!! Rant." when it was downmodded). According to later posts on this, many calculations which involve storing 65535 or 100000 really store the other one: Dana DeLouis writes: """ And if you multiply be say, 2 you get something else: =A1 MUL 2 returns 131070, as if A1 had 65535. (which it should have been) =A1 MUL 1 Keeps it at 100000. =A1-1 returns 65534 =A1/1 is still 100000 =A1/2 retuns 32767.5 """ Given that it would more often be the case that 65535 or 100000 comes up as an intermediate number than the final result, it could be that there are many calculations that have been done in error silently for those using Excel 2007. EDIT: Replaced asterisks with MUL because I don't know how to escape them. An arraylist is easier to traverse with respect to CPU cycles and memory usage (typically) than a linked list. What does python use internally? I don't know, and I'd just as soon decide that myself... Ah, here's a major difference between us: I'd rather not decide that myself, unless it becomes a problem. Took me a while to figure out that the front page isn't tied to a cookie or something. I was compiling a bug list, and then it became clear that other people were deleting things. :) I listen to 202.fm and c9radio.fr while coding. If I listen to something local to my disk, I get distracted wondering what's coming up next, or otherwise fiddling with the order of play. If that's not in my control, I don't think about it. The point is that it would have been a supercomputer in 1997. Some of us are introverts both here and in "real life". You're arguing with the guy that wrote the book, _ANSI Common Lisp_. Just a comment. :) Dexter I used to do this (back in 1998-2002 or so), but it doesn't really make sense to do so, unless you intend to actually use them differently, or if your domain somehow makes more sense with ".net" after it or something. It looks like bloggertrail is fighting Google, here, by trying to massage the content so that it doesn't immediately turn up on searches for strings in the original. At least, I can't think of any other reason it would look like that. I would say, rather, use the language with the most libraries in the area of your startup. Code you don't have to write beats ease of reinventing everything, any day. I say this as someone who has reinvented some things over and over during the last seven years. A bit of salt defeats MD5 hash google searches and rainbow tables. Not that I'm saying anything about these guys. :) That's true. I'm just saying you shouldn't pick a language that forces you to solve interesting problems you otherwise wouldn't. But I don't think we're in much disagreement, if any. Okay, what these guys really need is to send the reply in a comment attached to the original blog post. That would drive way more traffic, too, since they could answer people who are just "lazyweb"ing, and don't even know about hoosgot.com in the first place. Indeed. With disk space cheap, there's no reason not to log everything on your personal machine(s). I have many years of mail and IM logs, not because I intend to use them against anyone, but just because it's so easy to keep them, and I might need to know something in there one day. The suggestion here is not that dreams are rehearsing instincts , but that they're rehearsing of behaviors which are important for survival, and the selection of which behaviors to rehearse depends mainly on what the waking mind is concerned with, since that's a good indicator of "important survival behavior". Hence dreaming about code for those that program all day, or having World of Warcraft dreams after playing too much WoW. Er... not that I've ever done that last. Nope. Not me. Just FYI, it's "psych". In PHP it hardly matters, since variables have their own namespace. PHP is a lisp2. Well, sure, but that cuts both ways. :) It's convenient to have names like $bool and $int for didactic purposes, at least. On 2, I prefer it the way it is. If I want to go to the Hacker News index, I can click on "Hacker News", which is, after all, right there beside the YC logo. A person might go there to find out things about YC. I mean, supporting YC is the ultimate purpose of the Hacker News application, after all. In any case, YC is not a separate site: it's the parent site of this application. The logo is not the Hacker News logo, it's the YC logo, and should link to YC. I thought Yahoo did accept it? One reason is that there's a very small distance between "I don't care if someone gets in here" (reddit, blog, etc) and "If someone got in here I'd be hosed" (bank, administration stuff, etc). OpenID can handle the former, but since people are using the same insecure password for all those sites anyway, typically, it doesn't matter. OpenID can't handle the latter, because (last I checked) making phishing easy is inherent in how OpenID works. 34 for a few months, yet. The quote-after-period thing is a rule I deliberately break. I dun like it. It's just not me. Yeah, I hate it when I reorder my quotes and periods and people get killed. No, wait... I don't think that's really a good analogy. I suspect we're missing some context. :) I've always found the idea of living each day[1] as though it were my last to be odd. If I knew that a day was going to be my last, there are potentially fun or useful activities to choose from which carry a very high risk. That day would be the day to do things that have a significant chance of killing you any time you do them... and by "significant", I mean greater than five percent, say, not things like skydiving. [1] Some versions of this idea use hour, and I've heard someone say "second". How do you live each second as if it were your last? No one who does this would last long; there's no point in doing most of what we do if we're going to die in the next second, right? But maybe people who say "hour" or "second" are just betraying that they don't really mean it. That's why contractors get paid four times as much hourly as employees. Twice would only just cover what contractee isn't paying for taxes and accounting/legal overhead. Sadly, it's much harder to name the technologies that would have been developed with that talent and wealth instead. I think "picture in your head" and "know well enough to go to the exact place of any feature" are not the same thing. I can picture in my head a very small number of lines of the code I usually write. Less than five, at any rate. But maybe I misunderstand what you're asking. The contractor company employees don't get paid four times as much, but none of those factors apply to them: they have full time jobs, rather than billing their employer (the contractor company) for only hours worked, and the contracting company still has to pay for accounting overhead and taxes. If you become an independent contractor, doing all your own taxes and client interface, you'll quickly realize that those "undeserving" suits are saving your sanity by doing all the people-handling and drudge work that you, as a hacker, would hate. Also, in that situation, those suits pay their employees full time even when the contracted hours this week only add up to 18 hours. They bear the risk of having that happen, and in return, they soak up the profits when they get to charge the contractee for 60 hours worked in a week and still pay only salary to their own employees. In the case with which I'm most familiar, the contract is for two days a week at $50/hr, and the employee of the contractor company gets ~$12/hr (here in the deep south, that's livable; he owns his own home). That may sound terrible to you, but on days they don't have anything for him to do, he still gets paid. It's a tradeoff. News flash: it's not very enlightening to say that someone isn't rational because they aren't efficient at reaching goals you would prefer they have. You may think it's silly to want what they want, but that just means you don't want what they want. Big deal. Goals cannot be chosen rationally unless they're subordinate to some other goal. Sure, and I've no problem with that. The article in question, though, was suggesting that people are choosing wrong when they knowingly choose to be poorer but happier. There was no failure to understand the problem implied -- it's just that they didn't choose the way the article author wanted them to, and he conveyed this by calling them irrational. Most certainly "hive". I bet with the optional solid state drive, it will seem very, very fast compared to the other Macbooks. I have an iMac. Things I plug into it include my keyboard, and, uh... my mous-- no, wait, that plugs into the keyboard... uh... headphones. Power cord. I use a USB drive once in a while. Since I don't need to plug in a keyboard on the Air, it seems to have all the ports I actually use. I have used my DVD drive to burn backup DVDs (though now I just back up over the network), and I have used it to watch movies, but in an ultraportable, I don't foresee the need. What Devin Coldewey is announcing here is that he is not in the target market for an ultraportable laptop. And that's fine. Other people are. > Do you people not work in an enterprise environment? I sure don't. My office is my living room (and also my wife's office). I'm also my only employee, so getting purchases approved is rarely a problem. :) I would assume that one reason PHP seems faster in practice is that much of the typical grunt work of a webapp (what he calls the "web environment") is done in C for PHP and Ruby for Ruby. Er, not to mention which, anyone who wants secure commo can just use GnuPG and friends. The processing power required to do real-time annotation of the display isn't as close as the display technology. Tables are embedded in the Arc code for news.yc, as brett mentioned, but probably it could be rewritten in a few hours for a list-based layout. Of course, changing the layout would require an Arc developer, which is the disadvantage to not using templates. You may have noticed that most hackers seem to think web design is unimportant and/or should require a programmer for each change. > As a programmer, I can tell you I really don't mind that changing my website requires a programmer. It's perfectly convenient for me. That's refreshingly honest. :) Oh, so when everyone keeps saying the cake is a lie, they mean "CSS" by "the cake"? I expect that by "CSS layout", they meant "HTML which is laid out by CSS". I'll agree that that's the ideal, but I've also found that designers and clients are good at coming up with layouts for which it is far simpler to change the HTML than to try to contort it into the right places with CSS. I don't know. However, here's some hypotheses, some combination of which may be most of the reason: Even if depression and suicide attempts aren't more common, very smart people may be enough more competent that they succeed more often. Most attempts at suicide don't actually result in death. It could be that the easy wins in building a smarter brain happen to lead to a genetic predisposition to depression. It could be that smarter people are more easily able to internalize that there's no ultimate point to life, and less able to just have faith. If Dennett's argument (in the ordered list in that post) is stated accurately, it is obviously wrong. Having not read _Freedom Evolves_, I can't say whether this is an accurate summary, but it's clear that "to avoid the actions you'll deterministically take" and "to avoid objects" are not using "avoid" in the same sense. They have two "in progress" projects. I guess we should come back in three business days (say, Thursday, Jan 24) and see what new projects they're doing instead. ;) There aren't really enough submissions per day to justify that, in my opinion. No, because the majority of players are in the Asian markets, where you pay by the hour for only the hours you play. These players pay far less than $15/month, I would guess. > Maybe not, but a lot of people would, and there is no way you can prove to the cable company that it wasn't you. Er, in the scenario you describe, it was you. Just sayin'. > 50% trust pay pal, but enter the wrong credit card details. So you're saying that 50% of your potential customers are too careless to enter their own credit card details correctly? Yes, I know. I was just pointing out that he was reaching rather far for some of these steps. I would assume that anyone who has already made it past the filters of wanting the product and having a credit card in the first place is extremely unlikely to not only type the card number in wrong, but to let that defeat them in getting what they want, since they could just type it in correctly when it's declined. > Without middlemen (banks) fundamentally failing to understand basic economics, we wouldn't have a crash. That isn't necessarily the case. There could be situations in which everyone does the rational thing for themselves, and we get a worse result for everyone anyway. Whether or not a given market (with regulations applied, etc) is such a situation is left as an exercise for the reader... :) On Facebook: Found no results for: Atlanta YC Hacker News fans Oddly, I can see that, and was able to join the group, but it still doesn't show up in Facebook's search. Maybe they only index daily or something. Not much, necessarily. What if the guy(s) behind myspace had asked for feedback in a hacker forum in 2002? It's not clear to me that many would have recognized it as a huge moneymaker. As an aside, I'd feel better about modding you up if you didn't protest that you expect to be modded down. :) Er, "sell your friends" and "put a paid message in your personal stream" are NOT equivalent. I guess "sell your friends" will get more hits, though. Clearly downvote is now working. ;) > I strongly believe that client side state is the _only_ worthwhile solution; We need to accept that fact and get rid of continuations. It's not clear to me if you're joking, but in case you're not: there are some situations, especially in closed-system webapps, where it's useful to use a non-transparent scheme for resources. You don't want people to jump into a middle page of a survey or other workflow, and going out of your way to have the middle pages accessible via a RESTful scheme seems pointless and potentially misleading. Continuations or similar methods for papering over the "page" abstraction can be helpful, here. Even if you don't use something like that, you'll end up doing the same thing manually. I agree, though, that those who use this style typically overuse it and apply it to situations (like, er, discussion forums... ;) where it isn't really appropriate. Even YC gives a lot of money compared to Kiva loans. :) Since the comment to which I replied specified "American", YC's funding is already normalized for the startups' host country GDP. Yeah, Arc is explicitly version zero. I wonder if there wasn't some reluctance to use easy Scheme-provided functions? There are several places like this where Arc does something "the hard way" by using something already defined rather than importing another dependancy. If all the possible choices are basically equivalent, sure. That's clearly not true with hosting companies, though. > infix only works with a limited number of built in things Some infix languages have a mechanism for defining new infix operators. Imagine for a minute that I did read before I posted, and apply my comment in that new light. :) Here's a fuller response. You said: infix only works with a limited number of built in things, it doesn't scale nicely. i suppose you could change this, e.g. make # a special character, and then you can define infix foo then write arg1#foo#arg2. but like, that's ridiculous. no one wants to do that with functions in general. First, there are languages which have infix functions as a first class concept in the language (e.g., J, and I would suppose APL and K), so it isn't that infix doesn't scale. Secondly, even in languages which have the call() convention, user-definable operators can coexist (see logix, for example, which is an infix macro system built on top of python). Additionally, you don't have to have an arg1#foo#arg2, as long as you're willing to use spaces to separate things, the way that lisps, forths, and so on do. "so you really advocate tokens in the order:" No. Nowhere am I advocating that. Rather, I'm pointing out that it's not an obviously ridiculous idea -- people have implemented it, and some people like it. "i think not using infix function calls has nothing to do with why people are put off by s-expressions." I disagree; I think it is one reason. Curi, I'm not saying it's a good reason to dislike lisp. If I thought it was a good reason, I wouldn't like lisp, and yet lispy languages are my favorites (most of my lisp code has been CL, but Arc is interesting at 0.0). There are a number of possible solutions to your question about infix functions. In J, insofar as I understand it, all functions take either one or two arguments, but the arguments can be arrays, so you often get the effect of more than two arguments. For example (it's been a while) the form * / 2 3 4 would have the function *, the function /, and an array or list of three integers. J is parsed right to left, so the array is collected first, and then there's a modifier function '/' which takes two arguments: a function on the left, and an array on the right, and applies the function to each of the elements of the array (like map in lisps), outputing the new array. I don't know the details anymore of which symbols are what primitives, but J is interesting, in my opinion. Alternatively, for your example, you might do (a b) foo (x y z) ; or (a b, foo, x y z) ; or a b Foo x y z ; if functions have their own naming rules like in Erlang, or a b foo! x y z; # where the bang means call, or something else. Surely you can come up with 10 or 12 yourself. Some of these scale in some ways, and not in others; you could have a rule that you can only have one call per line, to remove ambiguity. That sounds rather restrictive, but so do Python's indentation rules when you first hear of them, and that works out okay, in my experience. I don't think any of them lend themselves to nice general-purpose macros, but I might be wrong. Also, a Steve Yegge "takedown", I think. Or maybe I missed the funny of the first section, there. ~24 hours? Interesting. I've used coffee as a sleep aid: when I really need to go to sleep at X in order to get 8 hours before some important event, drinking coffee at 4 hours before X seems to help me sleep, due to the huge crash between 3 and 4 hours after the caffeine hits.