Deployment and reproducible builds were so bad for us that we switched to Nix. It largely solved the problem, but it has us doing a lot of work to maintain our Nix infrastructure and definitions. Putting aside the misuse of the term, "emotional labor" as a problem strikes me as possibly the least significant of all problems faced by any people group in all of history. I wonder why we spend so much time and energy tackling these kinds of issues when there are so many more pressing problems (for example, the workplace fatality gap). If "emotional labor" is the next frontier for feminism, then feminism is a distraction and thus counterproductive. My understanding is that much of Europe was deforested during the Bronze and Iron ages, mostly for fuel to smelt ores. Hopefully someone who knows more can comment? OP said "Google", not the "US". What's "silly" about thinking males are the majority at Google? Manslaughter and murder are already criminalized, at least in the United States. Where do you live? > Men may be the majority of Google employees, but they clearly aren't the majority of the population. That suggests there is discrimination somewhere, either in Google's hiring approach or in wider society (it's unlikely that there is some innate difference between men and woman that would account for such a disparity). OP was citing Damore's claim about population level differences. Damore's claim wasn't that the US is 80% male so of course Google is 80% male, it's that men and women have different distributions for a given trait (hence, "population level differences") and these differences in distribution might account for Google's demographics better than discrimination. One such population-level difference is that women are far more likely to choose careers that are flexible or to leave the workplace altogether to start a family. By itself, this difference doesn't likely account for the whole disparity, but there are others as well--women prefer to work with people as opposed to abstract reasoning systems. It could even be true that men and women are on average exactly as qualified to be a Google engineer, but that men have a flatter distribution (more representation at the extreme low and high end of the distribution) and that Google samples from the high end, ergo selecting more males. Greater male variability is common in lots of species (including humans) for lots of different traits. It's also interesting that female participation in STEM is inversely proportional to gender equality; countries with very high gender equality (e.g., Scandanavian countries) have relatively few women in STEM while cultures with less gender equality (the middle east, India, China, etc) have far greater STEM participation. It also seems unlikely that discrimination is the cause since women achieved parity in medicine and law in the '80s and '90s when the fields were notoriously, overtly sexist, but the tech industry can't move the needle despite sinking tens or hundreds of millions into "diversity". It seems entirely likely that innate differences play a significant role. There will undoubtedly be a lot of (otherwise very intelligent) people who will read "population level gender differences" and interpret it as "Wait, you're saying X is true for literally every woman?! How can you generalize like that?!". Of course, this isn't what I'm saying or what the OP said or what Damore said, so let's not go down that straw man rabbit hole. > If we want a meritocracy and opportunity for all, and if we want to maximize talent in our workplaces, we need to counteract the discrimination that's actually happening and not act as if we are in another world. This is at odds with history. Our society has been trending toward equality since before the civil rights era, and the philosophy that drove the change was individualism--a _rejection_ of identity politics. It's the only philosophy that has ever effectively reduced racism. "Fighting racism with racism" has only ever triggered tribalistic reflexes which increase racism (hence the uptick in right-wing identity politics following the mainstreaming of left-wing identity politics). Racism in any form for any reason is deplorable, and it isn't an effective way to reduce anti-minority racism. > I dated a lovely woman who descended from the very Inuit tribes you two are hand waving at Wow. Just wow. You're bragging about dating an indigenous woman? I find that to be very colonialist and sexist. Your use of their lived experiences to make yourself appear woke is also problematic. I'm just kidding. Could you imagine how insufferably boring I would be if I left comments like these sincerely? Of course, there's no evidence that women are "treated like a second-class minority". There are individual instances where women fare worse than men (e.g., sexual assault victimization), but there are also individual instances where men fare worse than women (e.g., literally every other kind of assault victimization). It's probably more of a nuisance for people wanting to use the content. E.g., copies with different metadata or tags. According to https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18496054 , these programs have to halt? How does this system guarantee that the programs halt? Does this mean eBPF is not Turing complete? Pretty sure this constitutes illegal discrimination under US law? I suspect people see a lot of enterprise-y boilerplate (IAbstractFactoryBeans, for example), absurd inheritance hierarchies, and other things like getters and setters--they think these things are "part of writing Java" in a way that isn't "part of writing Go". In some sense, they're right--Java has more of a boilerplate culture even though it technically requires less boilerplate than Go. You can break from that culture (and as I understand it, Java is moving away from that boilerplate culture) to a certain extent, but you're still likely to have to use libraries that encourage it (by extending a ridiculous inheritance hierarchy, for example) and you'll probably end up working on teams that require a certain amount of boilerplate (e.g., mandates like "getters and setters for everything!"). I don't think using a loaded word like "concentration camps" is going to improve the quality or clarity of discussion in this thread. Perhaps use a different term (e.g., "holding facility") or clarify that you mean "concentration camp" in some strictly technical sense that doesn't meaningfully resemble the usual imagery associated with the term. I agree with your point, but the snark here is unwarranted (pretty sure the parent isn't even contesting your point) and very likely to derail the otherwise interesting conversation (IMHO). I'm generally of the opinion that Go is less verbose than Java as well, but I'm of the impression that a lot has changed in Java since I last used it. It now has lambdas and other niceties, for example. Go has error boilerplate and lacks generics. Personally, I think Go's boilerplate is less of a big deal in general (Java's generics, lambdas, and exception handling come with their own issues which are often more significant than Go's boilerplate). Mostly I just don't think a debate about which language has less boilerplate will be very enlightening. Jail time doesn't determine whether or not an act is legal (consider running a red light or underage drinking). In particular, the law you cited above is pretty clear that entering the US to seek asylum is illegal but may be forgiven if asylum is granted. To be clear, these detainees are held under the pretense that they are going to be deported (however they must first be processed). The valid criticism of ICE is that they are apparently detaining US citizens and the detention conditions are unsatisfactory, but it's not a question that it's illegal to enter the US to seek asylum. I agree with all of this, but Go also has a pretty great standard library, tooling, and deployment story that you're overlooking. Notably, Go's tools are fast (no need to run a daemon because CLIs take too long to start up), there's no imperative DSL for its build system, there's a builtin/standard test runner, there's a standard formatter, documentation is simple and comes out of the box (no special javadoc syntax, just comments above functions; no need to write a CI job to build and publish docs nor a webserver to host them), profiling and benchmarking are builtin. That said, the thing I like about Java is that its JIT compiler and bytecode system allow for efficient metaprogramming; Go's runtime package works, but it's not fast at all. These use cases are few and far between, but it would be nice if Go had a good web framework story (e.g. rails, django, spring, etc). > Maybe conforming to an interface without explicitly declaring it (like you declare an instance of a typeclass in Haskell) may look like a controversial decision. I still think it does more good by removing boilerplate than bad by accepting an object as conforming to an interface in a rare case when you did not mean it. Yeah, I hear this objection pretty frequently, but I've literally never heard of a single instance of this resulting in a real production bug. If it's a rare case, it's vanishingly rare, while it's no exaggeration to say that virtually every project benefits from the advantages. "Illegal" is a well defined term. Punishment or lackthereof are irrelevant. > Which comes with its own (sometimes dangerous) downsides. I don't buy this. I've heard the theoretical arguments to the contrary, but I've never (in 7 years of consistent Go use) heard of anyone being bit by this in practice--certainly not to any significant consequence. On the other hand, implicit interfaces materially benefit nearly every project in the Go ecosystem. I would make this tradeoff all day every day. Illegal immigration is a prosecutable offense replete with fines and prison sentences. As I understand it, a judge hears the cases and can sentence an individual to deportation, fines, or prison time depending on the defendant's circumstances. IANAL. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_Nationality_Ac... Immutability is neat, but you can get a long way by passing by copy and/or documenting whether a value shouldn't be mutated. I would like to see immutability added to Go, but it would break my heart if it was inspired by Java (i.e., final) instead of Rust's notion of immutability. It would indeed be really interesting to understand how the court was able to rationalize that; INA is pretty explicit. In any case, I doubt typical "illegal immigration" can be meaningfully described as "fleeing persecution", and I say that with an abundance of sympathy for those garden variety illegal immigrants. One incident doesn't make it "far from theoretical". I concede that it's "vanishingly small", however. > Secondly, I found that in practice, it doesn't buy you much, and on the contrary, makes working with code more difficult (even with an IDE). I don't know about you, but I don't like having to write boilerplate to make a third party class implement a first party interface. > It's valuable information to know what interface(s) a type implements, not to mention finding all types down the hierarchy that implement a given interface (much more tedious and resource hungry with golang). How is that information valuable? The only thing I can think of is "I want to change the interface and consequently I need to update the implementations". In which case, just change the interface and the compiler will tell you what broke. As for "resource hungry", who cares? I'll trade 50ms of computing time per search (note that this is a generous figure) if it means developers don't need to maintain "implements" annotations and the corresponding boilerplate discussed above. > It's useful when you want to know where a certain concrete type is being passed as an interface. If you have a type Foo that has functions bar() and baz(), then it becomes very tedious to see where Foo is being used as a `Barrer` (in golang style), `Bazzer` or even `BarrerBazzer` because it now automatically implement all three interfaces. That's just a generalization of the example I gave, and the same solution applies (although there are probably automated solutions). Unless there are other special cases that you have to do so frequently that the solution previously mentioned is too tedious, then I don't see what the fuss is about. > Another use case is that it becomes awkward to define "tag" interfaces (look at Rust's `Send` trait for instance). Now you're forced to define an interface with a function `isSend` or something and hope that no one else declares another interface with the same signature and passes in types that implement that. Again, more bug-prone behavior. I don't know how to take this comment seriously. The odds of someone implementing isSend and passing it to the wrong interface have to be astronomically low. The frequency of such bugs must be approaching zero. It's patently unreasonable to consider this to be "bug prone", moreover, if you're really, really concerned about it, randomly generate your private method name to whatever degree of entropy you prefer. > On any non-trivially sized project, it takes way longer than that to look up implementations of interfaces in the IDEs I've used so far. You're looking at 30s+ sometimes. File those bugs with the IDEs. Any IDE worth its salt holds the set of types in memory. Even if the set is just a list/array (as opposed to some data structure that is indexed by the interfaces they implement), it should take no time at all to filter that to the set that implements the interface, even if there are tens of thousands of types. From TFA: > The principal audience for ADRP 6-22 is all leaders, military and civilian Can you elaborate on what makes it a good VM? I know very little about VMs, but I'm curious. This is really cool! One suggestion: logging to a file makes it harder for things like Docker to exfiltrate logs. Log to stderr by default, and the caller can redirect to a file on disk if they want to. > Anyone who has only been deplatformed and is complaining that the world is becoming authoritarian needs to realize that this has always been the way of the world. Forever. There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. I generally agree that historically we haven't had totally free speech; however, we've been on an upward trend, and some of us are sad to see organizations at the helm of huge channels of speech using their power to prop up certain worldviews, especially somewhat extreme, fringe worldviews with questionable moral credentials (to put it charitably). We should keep the trend going; not reverse it to regress back to "the way things always have been". > There has never been a time in history when someone could voice an unpopular view or be seen as an unpopular identity and not receive public ridicule, shame, or retribution of some kind, and where companies censored no content whatsoever. No serious person is asking for the ability to express views without criticism, and regarding corporate censorship, utilities aren't allowed to censor speech--I support regulating social media companies as utilities. This doesn't mean social media has to be a dumb channel either; those companies could curate content so long as it's not on an explicitly ideological basis. For example, it would be fine for Twitter to promote content that is popular, so long as "popular" is determined purely by their users and not dependent upon Twitter's ideology. > What America, and other nations who value freedom, have is a protection against government interference. Let's keep it that way and accept that people are jerks to each other and not everyone wants to hear what you have to say. I think social media in its current state is represents a kind of threat to free speech that formerly could only be mustered by governments. Notably, there is a significant concern on both sides of the aisle that social media companies can be used to steer governments, including as an attack vector by foreign governments. These companies have unprecedented control over speech at this volume that it must be dealt with, in my humble opinion. > When people do it, it's just dissenting voices. Except when those dissenting voices make credible threats to your person, family, and livelihood or libel and slander you at a volume that is infeasible to litigate. > I little sympathy for people getting upset at being deplatformed - they can go elsewhere Where can they go when all of the major social media companies share the same general ideology? This idea that social media networks are plug-and-play beggars belief. Or perhaps you simply meant that people who don't adhere to this ideology simply don't deserve to participate in social media; that it's a privilege and not a right? > their cries of freedom of expression cry wolf to the constitutional issue of those in power doing actual oppression. What does this even mean? "disagree" The Equal Opportunity Act begs to differ. Specifically, companies are/were prevented from discriminating on a racial (etc) basis even though (in many places, at various times) it was unpopular to employ minorities and could even impact the companies' bottom lines. Personally, I'll trade employer profit for employee rights all day every day. My impression was the criticisms of flash stemmed from its security issues, it’s closed nature, it’s relative unfamiliarity (compared to popular languages of the time), and the nuisance that was making sure you had the right version running on your machine at any given time. Modern JavaScript addressed these issues, hence its popularity over Flash. This doesn’t endorse the gratuitous application of JS for fundamentally static content, but it sets the context for your perceived “shift in dev culture”. I agree that that was a turning point for usage, but we're discussing popularity among developers. Flash was unpopular among developers long before Apple banned it. Devs hated Flash for all of the reasons cited above, but browsers didn't support anything better for many use cases. > People often say "It works on my machine (and not in cloud)...", to avoid this we have simple solution - always run in docker container. And when I say always I really mean it - build in container, run in container, test in container. Actually I didn't mention it in previous section, but the make test really is "just" docker run. I've had nothing but bad luck with Docker for Mac. It's been super slow. If any container is running at all, the com.docker.hyperkit process eats 160% CPU even if `docker stats` shows the process hovering near 0% CPU. This has been the case for our entire team, and we're in the process of moving away from it. I like Linux as much as the next guy, but the Linux desktop ecosystem (hardware and software) doesn't get the investment it needs to be on-par with Mac. It's cheaper and easier to jettison Docker than MacOS. > But to add a serious note, why is every dependency on the environment so complicated that we just wrap it in some container to just get rid of it? Bad build/dependency-management tooling and non-perfect abstractions over system APIs probably account for most of the issue. Containers are conceptually useful; it's nice to have ephemeral, isolated environments. But if it literally eats all of the CPU it can get its hands on, then it's not useful. Yeah, it affects everyone working on our project. I'm certain it's volume performance, but we've tried all of the workarounds, docker-sync, and several other suggestions. Also (and respectfully), I wonder if your frequency of incidence is artificially low given that many courses tend to use toy-esque projects (although perhaps yours isn't, somehow?)? I'm pretty sure MacOS and most of the headless Linux distributions require you to install it (from a package manager or similar). It's not hard, but usually the alternatives aren't hard to install either. I agree with your point, but make solves the problem rather poorly. Besides the poor UX, it only knows the thing it built most recently, as opposed to maintaining a cache of things it has _ever_ built. And since it doesn't have a cache, it definitely doesn't have a distributed cache, although you could conceivably try to shoehorn NFS or something similar. Lastly, it's not reproducible. It's not going to fail a build if you accidentally let it depend on a file that isn't a formally specified dependency. These are all important concerns, especially for a CI environment. Something like Bazel theoretically solves this problem, but it's poorly documented and non-trivial to use or operate. Other Bazel/Blaze derivatives are worse with respect to usage/operation/correctness. Nix improves on correctness but is even harder to use/operate. There's a lot of room for improvement in this space. > I agree with the observation. But the alternatives are grossly over-engineered or a case study in NIH. I'm sticking with Makefiles until someone can present something better. I agree that they are complex beasts, but that complexity is incidental, not essential (some might argue "a lack of engineering" rather than "overengineered"). The documentation for these tools is also pretty atrocious on average. However, I don't think they're NIH insofar as their direct ancestor (Blaze) was never publicly available and Bazel didn't exist when those original Googler pilgrims brought their build-system ideas to Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc. But nevertheless, there are half a dozen shitty tools instead of one decent tool. Worse, they're pretty much all designed for use in large organizations' monorepos--organizations who can employ people who are specialists in operating/maintaining these tools. > I don't think Nix improves anything when you are stuck writing a weird javascript derivative. This comes from a packager writing bash for a living. The improvements are certainly not uniformly distributed, nor are they sufficient to really justify its mainstream use, IMHO. :) I might be mistaken about MacOS, but it definitely doesn't exist on centos, ubuntu, debian, or alpine--at least not their headless/server variants. Missed opportunity: s/cutest/coolest touche I don't think this is true. C compilers often have a whole bunch of optimizations built in, which could easily make them quite a lot slower than a less-optimized compiler for a language with a more advanced/complex type system. There are other factors as well, such as the efficiency of the compiler--the same C compiler implemented in C and compiled with an advanced C compiler will handily beat a C compiler written in Python and executed on CPython. But to your point, all-else-equal, a program in a language with an advanced type system takes longer to compile than a simpler type system. The judiciary branch. Churches shouldn't pay taxes, but yeah, having the government collect the tithe seems like not enough separation between church/state. Even still, as long as the tax isn't compulsory for non-believers and the countries in question are generally happy with it, it doesn't seem like a very big deal. FWIW, in the US and elsewhere, we have ideologies like Critical Race Theory which are not discernibly different from religions (certainly more religion than sociology or research) and which are taxpayer funded. (And no, this is not the same thing as religious studies programs--studying a religion/ideology is not the same thing as promoting, producing, and enforcing it). I don't think anyone is suggesting that WASM is the new way to write for the web, but I think it's certainly an aspiration that WASM will allow more languages to be used for everyday web development in addition to solving other more niche problems. https://webassembly.org/docs/high-level-goals/ > 3. Design to execute within and integrate well with the existing Web platform: > * execute in the same semantic universe as JavaScript > * access browser functionality through the same Web APIs that are accessible to JavaScript Lawyering aside, I would say that this is pretty much the same thing as "enabling the development in web apps in other languages". Are you really willing to give up affordable transport (outside of your metropolis, anyway) and commercial goods? I know cars are Not Very Utopian or whatever, but public infrastructure has to have one of the better returns on investment with respect to tax dollars. I agree that "Don't slack off dummy" would have earned a rebuke, but I wouldn't be surprised if any controversial political activist message would have been grounds for termination, especially with Google's new policy regarding political activism in the workplace. She would likely have been rebuked if she had just posted a flyer in the cafeteria, but she modified an internal tool. > this is so weird to me. i have a really difficult time on hn often because i don't understand why people that claim to be intelligent can't distill out the fundamental/primary issues. I feel the same way, but not about /u/weberc2's post. > it's a free/proffered/donation/voluntary/no strings attached piece of code. that is the first thing that defines its use/understanding/existence/ontology whatever other words. everything else is contingent upon that. This is another of your own axioms. These aren't universal. In particular, if a maintainer states or otherwise implies that his project is secure and suitable for production and then behaves otherwise, criticism is warranted. Even if he doesn't, criticism is still permissible. > you can debate this point - you can say something about the social contract of open source software and your responsibility to the community if you yourself have benefited from other open source projects and etc but no one is debating this. everyone is debating aposteriori things. No one is debating this because it's not necessary. The maintainer's explicit assertions about his project (its security, etc) override implicit "social contract" responsibilities. > if i put a mattress out on the street with a sign "no bed bugs" and you pick it up and it has bed bugs in can you be mad at me? can you take action against me? Not sure, but I can certainly criticize you. > i don't know what kind of framework i need to appeal to in order to underscore this issue so that people address it directly instead of things further down the line. i would really appreciate someone showing me how to either do this (put the focus on the thing i'm engaging with) or tell me why i'm wrong for focusing on that. In general your arguments are based on your own axioms. If your axioms aren't widely-shared, then you will run into these sorts of disagreements. > No, the attempt to make somebody do what you want by brigading is what's attempting to exert force and what's rude. Unless the critics are engaging in threats, intimidation, and/or violence, we're talking about criticism and not force. > Criticism isn't "force" or "attempted force". If you think criticism is rude, that's fine. Hypocritical, but fine. No, the attempt to make somebody do what you want by brigading is what's attempting to exert force and what's rude. > The author of the package didn't force their code onto the users. No one is arguing this. Weird straw man. > The authors of the criticism forced their criticism on him by throwing it his way in the form of bug reports etc. even when it was clear that there's no interest in it. Wow. I really didn't anticipate the "bug reports == force" equivalence. It's your axiom because others don't believe it being on github or free immunizes the maintainer from criticism. Licenses and GitHub ToS have no authority over who may or may not be criticized. You reason that it's not eligible for criticism because you hold the axiom that it is unreasonable to criticize open source projects. The "gift horse" phrase doesn't apply to situations where the "gift" is a liability; i.e., something that could leave you worse off than before--the Trojans would have done well to look their gift horse in the mouth, for example. > Heck, let’s spend 99% — $1.485 billion (in the states alone) on better support. That should put a dent in the support bill, and I’d sure pick up $15 million if I saw it lying around. Wouldn’t you? According to PEW ( https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2018/01/09/diversity-in-the-... ) there were 17M STEM employees in 2016, so this leaves less than $1000 per employee for childcare. According to Fortune ( https://fortune.com/2018/10/22/childcare-costs-per-year-us/ ) the average cost per child is $9K/year (probably more if you adjust for the distribution of STEM careers?). I'm guessing STEM employees have at least one child on average (some have none, others have multiple, etc), so that only covers about 1/9th of the bill. That's a dent in the bill, but I'm not sure it's enough to make even a proportional dent in the pipeline. Note that this assumes the money finances a benefit that must be offered to all employees; if you can target the women in question, the calculus clearly changes; however, I suspect that would be difficult under current US discrimination law (IANAL). That said, I'd rather that money go to employees where it would certainly be useful as opposed to the current programs which, as far as I can tell, is squandered (to put it nicely). This is correct; that's what I intended to communicate. Rust is great and I'm really glad it exists; however, I'm skeptical that anyone ever "gets up to Python speed" or "gets up to Go speed", at least provided "speed" means "time to an acceptable result" and not "time to perfect" or "time to pacifying rustc". It's a laudable aim, but I don't think we're close. There's still a lot that Rust makes you think about that Python/Go/etc don't, such as memory management and lifetimes. Even if you are very good at thinking about those things, the cost isn't zero. Of course, Rust gives you a lot in exchange for the reduced velocity--safety and performance; however, those are tradeoffs and we should talk about them as such. It feels dishonest to present Rust as "as productive as Python" even with the "(given enough experience)" caveat. Fully agree about "depends on how you measure"--that's kind of my thesis. If you're willing to trade iteration velocity to gain correctness, I would seriously consider Rust, but probably not if the value proposition was inverted. > But also, I don’t think that “makes you think about memory” is that simple. I don’t have to think about memory in Rust very often at all: that’s what the compiler is for! When I make a mistake, it corrects me, and I’ve only thought about it for a few moments. Ok, you don't think about it, but the back-and-forth with the compiler still takes a nonzero amount of time that you don't have to deal with in a GC language. At least not until you start to hit upon GC performance issues, at which point the value proposition shifts in Rust's favor, which ultimately brings me back to my point about it being an issue of tradeoffs and my skepticism about Rust-as-silver-bullet. I never really felt that way about Go error messages, but I also came from Python, Java, C, C++ (via GCC and Clang) where the error messages are far, far worse. Maybe there are languages/toolchains where the error messages are better? For better or worse, I read it as accusing them of ignoring Republicans; making no attempt to address them or speak to them (presumably because they are the evil other, beyond redemption). > We can see these effects in the economy if you look closely, the labor participation rate among men is declining, most new jobs (which are service jobs) go to women, millions of men are missing in our society due to this system which throws away human capital. For what? Is that the cause? I've always heard it was due to changes in education policy/practice that resulted in lower graduation rates for males (I know some people here will reflexively think I'm challenging something; I'm not, this is a genuine question, and for the little I know about it, restorative justice sounds like a pretty good idea). > labor force participation among males has been declining in past decades while the number of folks incarcerated has risen and that there is no doubt a relation between the two Would be interesting to look at male education outcomes, labor force participation, and incarceration rates and compare them against their female equivalents. I know for fact that female education and labor force outcomes have been improving at the expense of male outcomes, but I'm not sure about female incarceration rates. My guess is that they are also increasing, but perhaps not at the same rate as male rates? > Also, build times and sizes don't matter too much in the grand scheme of things. Unless you're changing the Dockerfile regularly, it won't matter. Why? Because Docker caches each layer of the build. It does if you practice continuous deployment, or even if you use Docker in your local dev setup and you want to use a sane workflow (like `docker-compose build && docker-compose up` or something). Unfortunately, the standard docker tools are really poorly thought out, beginning with the Dockerfile build system (assumes a linear dependency tree, no abstraction whatsoever, standard tools have no idea how to build the base images they depend on, etc). It's absolute madness. Never mind that Docker for Mac or whatever it's called these days will grind your $1500 MacBook Pro to a halt if you have a container idling in the background (with a volume mount?). Hopefully you don't also need to run Slack or any other Electron app at the same time. As for the build cache, it often fails in surprising ways. This is probably something on our end (and for our CI issues, on CircleCI's end [as far as anyone can tell, their build cache is completely broken for us and their support engineers couldn't figure it out and eventually gave up]), but when this happens it's a big effort to figure out what the specific problem is. This stuff is hard, but a few obvious things could be improved--Dockerfiles need to be able to express the full dependency graph (like Bazel or similar) and not assume linearity. Dockerfiles should also allow you to depend on or include another Dockerfile (note the differences between including another Dockerfile and including a base image). Coupled with build args, this would probably allow enough abstraction to be useful in the general case (albeit a real, expression-based configuration language is almost certainly the ideal state). Beyond that the standard tooling should understand how to build base images (maybe this is a byproduct of the include-other-Dockerfiles work above) so you can use a sane development workflow. And lastly, local dev performance issues should be addressed or at least allow for better debugging. To be clear, the only file in question is requirements.txt; Docker has no idea what files `pip install ...` is pulling and doesn't factor them into any kind of cache check. Beyond that, I didn't realize that timestamps were factored into the hash, or at least if they were, I would expect git or similar to set them "correctly" such that Docker does the right thing (I still think Docker's build tooling is insane, but I'm surprised that it breaks in this case)? I didn't know about hadolint, but I don't see how it (or any other linter) can address any of these issues (unless "these issues" is not referring to the issues I was mentioning in the post you responded to). I'm not familiar, can you elaborate on how those solve these problems? I'm always looking for a better way of doing things. My quote was our observed performance across our fleet of developer machines until ~December of 2019. Maybe our project was hitting some pathological edge case (more likely this is just the performance you can expect for non-toy projects), but there's no documented way to debug this as far as I (or anyone else in our organization) could tell. Note that this was the performance even if nothing was changing on the mounted file systems and with all watchers disabled. Bystanders can feel free to roll the dice, I guess. To be clear, the CPU on the container itself was negligble according to `docker stats`; however, the VM process was still using its max allotment. My money is on the volume manager, but we didn't see it being worthwhile to figure out how to debug deep into the bowels of the VM technology (we don't have VM or filesystem experts on staff) to sort it out. Note that we also tried docker-sync and a variety of other solutions, but the issue persisted. Eventually we gave up and just moved back to native processes managed by PM2. Our local dev environment sucks a fair bit more to set up, but it's cheaper than debugging Docker for Mac or dealing with the persistent performance problems. This is true, but it doesn't solve the problem. If you give Docker half of your overall resources, it's just going to take Docker twice as long (most likely longer) to finish running the test suite or whatever you're doing in Docker. The crux of the problem is that Docker for Mac has pathological cases, probably involving host-mounted volumes that are big or overlaid or something else that we were doing; the containers can be near idle and Docker for Mac consumes 70-100% of its CPU budget (presumably doing volume/filesystem things). Note that a little Googling reveals that this is a pretty common problem. I don't see how buildkit could possibly build the correct dependency tree because the Dockerfile language doesn't let you express nonlinear dependencies. If you have a command `do_foo` that depends on do_bar and do_baz (but do_bar and do_baz are independent) and you do something like: RUN do_bar # line 1 RUN do_baz # line 2 RUN do_foo # line 3 I'm guessing the buildkit dep graph will look like `line_3 -> line_2 -> line_1` (linear). Unless there is some new way of expressing to Docker that do_foo depends on do_bar and do_baz but that the latter two are independent. EDIT: clarified example. We looked into this. The biggest tradeoff is that your whole team has to change their workflow because the repo has to stay inside of a container on the Linux VM (it can't be shared with the host or you'll trigger the performance issue) which means anyone who wants to cat/sed/edit/grep/etc a file will have to go through a Docker container to do it. It's also a bit more complex if you're running multiple services via Docker Compose, as we were. We couldn't see this workflow change working out well in the long term, and someone had already done the work to use native processes orchestrated with PM2 and that seemed to work reliably once it was set up. (A) is true, but it's not the only way to bust the cache. Changes to the filesystem are much more common. You can try to account for this by selectively copying in files in some sort of dependency order and this can work okay so long as the dependency order resembles your filesystem hierarchy, but if you want to (for example) install all of your third party dependencies before adding your source code, you'll need to add each requirements.txt or package.json file individually so as to avoid copying in your source code (which changes more frequently). Doing this also tightly-couples your Dockerfile to your in-tree dependency structure, and keeping the Dockerfile in sync with your dependency tree is an exercise in vanity. Further, because you're forcing a tree-structure (dependency tree) into a linear structure, you are going to be rebuilding a bunch of stuff that doesn't need to be built (this gets worse the wider your dependency tree). Maybe you can hack around this by making an independent build stage per in-tree package, which might allow you to model your dependency tree in your Dockerfile, but you're still left keeping this in sync manually. No good options. Yeah, there are a lot of workarounds when you leave the standard tooling. I like the idea of using something like Bazel to build Docker images (since modeling dependencies and caching build steps is its raison d'etre) and eschewing Dockerfiles altogether; however, I haven't tried it (and Bazel has its own costs). I'm not familiar with buildkit in particular, but it's cool that it has an internal representation. I'll have to dig around. For large, repetitive configurations (Kubernetes configs, CloudFormation templates, CI job configurations, etc) you often want ways to abstract and/or DRY your configurations. Kubernetes folks use mustache/jinja/Go templates via Helm, which is a real mess. CloudFormation builds its own (shitty) evaluation language on top of YAML. This presumably aims to improve on those sort of hacky solutions. I feel strongly that the "right" solution is either (1) generate a YAML config with Python/JS/etc or (2) use a terminating expression language (I think that may be what this is). Since (2) implies a much steeper learning curve for average developers, I opt for (1). > Reporting on a bunch of different databases is a hard nut to crack. Maybe, but your business analyst already needs to connect to N other databases/data-sources anyway (marketing data, web analytics, salesforce, etc, etc), so you already need the infrastructure to connect to N data sources. N+1 isn't much worse. The argument (which I sort of buy) is that microservices provide rails that keep people from doing certain stupid things like N clients depending on the data schema (making the schema a de-facto public interface). The trick with microservices is that the ecosystem is maturing and there are still lots of ways to screw up other things that are harder to screw up with monoliths. In time 95% of those will go away (my specific prediction is that one day we will write programs that express concurrency and the compiler/toolchain will work out distributing the program across Cloud services--although "Cloud" will be an antiquated term by then--including stitching together the relevant logs, etc and possibly even a coherent distributed debugger experience). I'm not pro-chemical, but it's hard to imagine other solutions that are actionable in the timeframe of a weather prediction (this timeframe is critical because these swarms were spawned due to weather anomalies). Indeed, according to TFA it sounds like the UN isn't even trying to curtail the locusts at all but are just preparing for disaster recovery. Crop insurance seems like a more tractable solution. > The early stage is a lot of work, but why should you skip the work while your wife has to do it all? > What about your wife's career. Isn't she held back if she had to spend all the time taking care of the kids? Why should she not be given similar opportunities as you? He is working, and perhaps his wife prefers caring for their child to working a job. If it's working for them, why criticize? Why is it wrong for this couple to distribute the work in the way that optimizes for their happiness? We're not talking about all mothers, we're talking about giving individuals the opportunity to make the choices that work for them. The loving parents would also be monarchs. FWIW, when Go made that change, it was a much less-widely-used language (smaller blast radius). What's the difference between "platform capitalism" and "collective bargaining" in this case? Seems like Spotify, etc are acting on behalf of their customers to get a better deal from the music industry. Did the parent significantly revise their comment? Because in its current incarnation, it doesn't argue against tithing nor that those who tithe are being exploited. It seems like you're responding to the wrong comment. For posterity, here's the original comment at the time that I read it: > It always surprises me that wealthy churches pretend to take Christ seriously, when Jesus was not very fond of amassing money. I get why the churches do it (of course they don't believe in Christ), but why do the exploited masses believe them? And here is your response: > The concept of tithing is absolutely taught in the Bible. If you believe Christ to be the God of the Old Testament then He absolutely taught it. You seem to be under the impression all religious people who give tithing are merely being exploited. I can promise you are wrong there. The mentality of "I've had no such experience with God so everyone who claims they have is a kook" is quite ignorant. Perhaps you could learn something from those who have. I browsed their github and their linked docs, and it wasn't obvious to me what benefit cranelift has over LLVM. There was one section on implementation differences, but I'm not familiar/smart enough to infer from that what use cases cranelift enables. So are those the motivations/design-goals or just nice properties? In particular, is JIT/fast-compilation speed incidental to the relative youth of the project? I.e., presumably fewer optimizations vs LLVM allows the compiler to be faster? > I imagine NPR must recruit reporters exclusively from this region because it would be difficult to find the accent anywhere else People can learn other accents. In the UK, there is (was?) a "BBC accent" which presumably didn't imply that every BBC personality was hired from a particular region. * Container images are generally huge. Layer caching helps to the extent that layers are reusable. If you're lucky, you can use something like alpine for smaller huge images. If you write in a language that supports statically linked executables (e.g., Go) then you can get by with a scratch in many cases, but then you could more easily ship a naked executable * Container images take a long time to build and build caching only works well if your dependency tree is linear (it's not). (Caveat: there are niche alternatives to docker build for which this may not hold, but then you're subject to the other issues with niche tools--support, docs, compat, etc) * Your deployment target has to have a container runtime compatible with your image format. This is a PITA for end users in many cases. * Most popular container runtimes make container processes children of the daemon process, not children of the client process. This means killing the parent process will not kill the child process, which means CI environments need to handle all sorts of edge cases. For example, a CI job is waiting on a stuck container to terminate, but eventually times out or the job is killed or similar; each time this happens a container is leaked--this means that CI tools have to support the container runtime explicitly and handle all of these edge cases because it's prohibitively complex for users to manage. IMO the only advantage (and this is a huge advantage where applicable) for containers is that they can be orchestrated by things like Kubernetes or AWS Fargate. Presumably this means that no one has implemented a suitable static type checker or its type annotations don't provide sufficient information for a static type checker to work in principle? You're describing optional type systems; in this regard, Julia is on par with Python or TypeScript. The linter you're describing is also a type checker (like Python's Mypy). That said, it would be really interesting if someone would make a type checker that would evaluate/resolve those more complex types, at least those that can be guaranteed to terminate. "our" refers to homo sapiens. Even if she weren't, many (most?) Africans probably have ancestors who were not born in Africa at some point. You could use Go to generate Terraform configs. I’m using Python to generate CloudFormation and it’s an order of magnitude easier and more maintainable than vanilla CloudFormation, especially for large integrations. I never understood why governments don't require companies to put down cleanup expenses upfront or purchase insurance or similar so they can't externalize these costs. Same with virtually any commercial building, etc. Politics aside, I wonder if a tech union would have a strong incentive to make their individual workers irreplaceable--encourage them to hoard knowledge or make the code deliberately difficult for others to understand--such that the company would have a lot more to lose from a strike. As an outsider, most unions that I'm familiar with have employees that are more or less replaceable (one certified welder can fill in for another in a relatively short amount of time), but I don't think this is (as) true for tech. Thoughts? > Okay, pay me the money you were going to spend on snacks and the money you were going to pay the person who you pay to fetch the snacks, and I'll go fetch my own snacks or order them off the internet to my desk. Your office manager (or whoever) orders snacks from a contractor in bulk once a month (they don't make N GrubHub/etc individual orders every day). If they give you your fraction of that back, it wouldn't cover your GrubHub/etc order. Perks work because of these economies of scale. You can rail against the value of these perks, but "give me the cash and let me decide for myself" doesn't work. My question was about whether unionization constitutes an increased incentive (and I would think that it would for the same reasons that unionization gives a collection of individuals more power than they would have as individuals); I don't think that depends on whether or not existing institutions are good or bad at preventing vital cogs, etc. I might be wrong, but I don't think it's because of the efficacy of existing institutions. Right, that's the feature. If you can't afford to go into business without polluting (or otherwise externalizing costs), you can't afford to go into business. If we want to keep the barrier to entrepreneurship low, we can subsidize it, but we don't get to pretend that pollution/etc is free. It feels more expensive because we either raise the barrier to entrepreneurship or we raise taxes, but the reality is that we've been subsidized by a whole bunch of environmental debt. If you don’t value it, that’s fine. No one is holding a gun to your head and demanding you eat the snacks, but your original proposition was about using that money to buy your own snacks which doesn’t work for the aforementioned economies of scale. I'm not referring to large, faceless corporations, I'm referring to >100 person orgs. My experience can't be an outlier as there are plenty of vendors that specialize in this space, so someone out there is buying from a vendor. Here's what I found on the first page of search results: - http://dockspace.co/ - https://snacknation.com/ - https://naturebox.com/office - https://www.eatclub.com/ - https://www.workperks.co/ - https://fruitguys.com/office-fruit-delivery - https://www.bevi.co See the second sentence of my previous post. > That's not a feature. You're basically pointing to a world where only established multinational corporations are going to be able to afford to do anything at all. See the second sentence of the post you replied to. > Oh great, it's the 2020 meme. First I've seen it, but I just know I'm gonna be reading this bs phrase everywhere now. Look, I'm not a lefty, I'm a moderate independent, and I'm probably fiscally conservative, which is precisely why I hold this position (it's "personal responsibility" applied to macroeconomics). So put away any notions of partisanship you might have had. "environmental debt" is exactly what this is (by all indicators, anyway), and if you disagree feel free to substantiate. > Requiring insurance is not the same as requiring the money to be put aside up front like a bond, which was what was being suggested earlier in the thread. The suggestion you're referring to was mine, and I suggested either insurance or a bond. > I don't think the economics of that work. The current economics only "work" now because the books are cooked. No one is accounting for pollution. Like I've said before, we can address the environment and keep the barrier of entry to entrepreneurship low: subsidies and tax breaks for small businesses to offset the regulatory burden. Lastly, I'm mostly fixating on the environment/pollution for convenience, but we should really be doing this anywhere that we are externalizing costs. No, I was responding to the specific argument made by the OP which I quoted above. Any country should require a ship registered to it be either bonded or insured The entity to whom the bond was payed then pays for the ship’s salvage. You don’t need every country to implement this. There can be bond havens just like there are tax havens. It’s not ideal but it’s still a huge improvement over making every country a haven. And anyway, there are lots of things a country can do to devalue havens, such as prohibiting businesses operating within said country from doing business via ships that are registered in these havens, including transitive. No system is perfect, but why would we reject imperfect solutions that still do a ton of good? I think you replied to the wrong person? I didn’t make any such accusation... If it works properly there isn't another layer to debug (and anyway, one has to debug OCaml's syntax as it is, so it's more like trading one debug layer for another). I've never had to debug into assembly before, for example. And while syntax is normally just superficial, OCaml goes out of its way to be obscure and I don't have time for that. Especially with all of its other warts (stdlib issues, crappy package management, crappy build tooling, still no multithreading, etc). I eventually just gave up. Which is too bad because the type system (absent the OO stuff) could be useful. In fairness, it's dead because it was shitty and made most things harder, and the things it did improve JS copied. If OCaml fixes its syntax, then we won't have any need for Reason. If you were right OCaml wouldn't be the only language with a popular syntax veneer. I expect that you lose efficiencies with respect to security. I.e., it's not easy to secure one large nuclear reactor (fission or fusion), but it's a lot easier than securing dozens of small reactors. TypeScript extends the syntax to support type annotations; it's not trying to fundamentally fix JS syntax. > where are the people clamoring for F# to adopt more of Reason's ideas? Probably writing C#. > As a guy who tried to get into OCaml development several times, the language is not the problem at all. It's the several different "standard" libraries, lack of good official agreed upon tutorials and guides, and the fact that it has a GIL and is essentially single-threaded. I agree that those things are pain points (I said as much upthread), but clearly the language is also part of the problem or else there would be no interest in Reason. > As a guy who tried to get into OCaml development several times, the language is not the problem at all. It's the several different "standard" libraries, lack of good official agreed upon tutorials and guides, and the fact that it has a GIL and is essentially single-threaded. A big reason Erlang is similarly unpopular is its syntax as well (many of the most popular languages are dynamically typed, so we know it's not the type system). This theory is supported by the relative popularity of Elixir, which shares Erlang's runtime and which has enjoyed a fair amount of popularity in a relatively short time despite introducing a number of syntax- and non-syntax-related quirks. OCaml on BEAM would certainly appeal to the intersection of FP and static-typing enthusiasts, but it would not remotely be popular. None of that supports your 'accusation' claim. > because in an economy of scale, snacks simply are irrelevant. That's not what 'economy of scale' means. > If you view snacks as an inherently important thing I don't, and it's unrelated to my argument. > I realise what I said is not an undisputable truth and I wouldn't argue about it. I probably should have just said that I am observing an almost global strive for dev teams to be able to catch bugs earlier and to have a bit more guarantees by the mere virtue of the program successfully compiling. But it might be my filter bubble. I think this is a pretty broad pattern, but: 1. It's not happening in isolation; there's also a move toward greater development velocity 2. There's lots of low-hanging fruit to be had--lots of people can get tremendous safety benefits by moving from languages like JS and Python to Go or TypeScript or typed-Python even if they don't have as elegant a type system as OCaml (and those alternatives don't require the same tradeoffs as OCaml or even an OCaml on BEAM). > This is why I said an OCaml with the BEAM guarantees would likely rise very high; because my observations lead me to the belief that people want more compile-time guarantees. And yeah, that might be a skewed observation. Like I said, I don't think it's a skewed observation, it's just that there are other ways of getting most of those compile-time safety benefits with fewer tradeoffs. But I would be a huge fanboy of an OCaml-like type system on BEAM (especially if it can have Go- or Rust-like attentiveness to practical software engineering concerns). No one is moving the goalposts. TypeScript's raison d'etre is to add static typing to JS. Reason's is to fix the syntax. (Yes, TS adds new grammatical constructs, but grammatical constructs are about grammar, not syntax, contra Reason). I have no idea how you got that from my post. I don’t know whether type safety is “a fundamental part of a language” or not, but that’s irrelevant to my point. TS extends the JS syntax to support type safety. Reason changes OCaml’s syntax altogether because it’s broken. Big difference. I don’t think that paragraph was referencing compiler guarantees. There isn’t inheritance, so there are no hierarchies in the problematic sense. Go’s tooling is generally straightforward and there is usually one canonical/standard implementation. No insane DSLs to build your program, no daemons required for fast builds, and batteries are included (test framework is part of the tooling). No crazy documentation syntax, no docs packages to publish and link against your dependencies, etc. In general, Go is simple so your organization can focus on business problems. Is ignoring errors really a problem in practice? I’ve been using this language since before 1.0 and I don’t think I’ve ever been burned by this. I’m sure it happens once in a while (albeit at very low frequency), but people in this thread act like you can’t build software in Go because the compiler doesn’t catch every ignored error. It’s a good aspiration to eliminate needless complexity from a language so people can spend their cognitive resources (be they great or few) on solving real problems. If you can lower the barrier such that a layman can do it, then a genius specialist can do that much more. Those aren’t hierarchies as I understand them, nor do I understand those to be real problems (I’m sure someone has been bitten by one of those but only by the law of averages). I don’t see how that’s relevant. What are you talking about? You could do exactly this in Java or C# or Python or Ruby or JS or etc. Not sure what ”traditional” languages you’re talking about, but this is just reflection and downcasting. It’s a bad idea, but it’s unrelated to OOP. This hasn’t been my experience. I’ve been involved in the language and community for nearly a decade and I’ve never seen an incident where the grievances against the language weren’t seriously overblown. The most credible one has been dependency management. There’s still plenty of room for improvement of course, but the idea that Go’s flaws make it anything short of one of the most productive languages is generally nonsense. My understanding is that Ballerina has semantics for defining multiple services in the same program, and it “compiles” to a set of containers and cloud configs that allow these programs to talk to each other. So very basically it’s like putting Kubernetes or AWS into a language. But there documentation is pretty unclear as many others have noted so I really doubt my interpretation is precisely accurate. ESR might be a lot of things, but he’s not a junior dev by any standard. And experience reports are pretty consistent across the experience gradient—Go is useful for solving real world problems, and often the very abstract languages fail to do so (often especially those languages beloved by intellectuals). You can challenge the qualifications of the reporters with respect to their own experiences if you like, but that seems like a silly thing to do. If PLT can’t produce languages that practitioners find useful, then PLT is at fault, not practitioners. EDIT: Rereading my last paragraph, "PLT is at fault" sounds harsher than I intended it to. Mostly it just sounds like PLT is based on a model of software development practice that doesn't fit well with the real world. The model performs poorly, but PLT supporters like the parent commenter are (implicitly or explicitly) blaming contemporary software development practice for the mismatch. > I can’t for the world understand what it means... It means Go performs well on real world projects. People feel productive, the language, tooling, and ecosystem get out of the way. You (and most PLT advocates I've encountered) seem to be evaluating languages on their inputs/features (presumably because you believe axiomatically that certain features--e.g., type systems--have a huge effect on the success or failure of a given software project) while the "useful for real world problems" view is about evaluating languages on their outputs. The latter view is harder to measure objectively, but it accounts for everything (e.g., syntax, type system, tooling, performance, ecosystem, etc) in correct proportion (no axiomatic beliefs). Many PLT proponents generally seem to struggle with the notion that languages are successful when their model predicts that they shouldn't be. For example, many PLT proponents believe type systems strongly predict the success of a language, yet languages with very sophisticated type systems which are much admired by PLT proponents do poorly in the real world and languages with very flat-footed type systems (e.g., Go) do relatively well. Either the qualitative data about these languages are wrong (e.g., contrary to the qualitative data, Haskell actually makes for more productive software development on balance than Go), or these PLT proponents' whitebox model is wrong. My money is on the qualitative data. They aren’t “hoping it implements an interface”, they use reflection to determine whether or not the type implements the interface. This is pretty much the same thing in Java or C# with reflection and downcasting, but it’s a bad idea in both languages. I’m also disappointed that Go isn’t approved, but the UI framework is implemented in Dart, so it seems like an understandable decision to permit Dart. You might not agree, but the idea is that you should devote your cognitive resources to the problem you’re solving and not working around complexities in your language (such that brilliant developers such as yourself and “stupid” developers like me can be even more productive than we would be with C++ or Haskell or whathaveyou) or choosing stylistic standards for how contributors are to program (because the language is so expressive that the solution space is astronomical). “Go programmers are stupid” is a deliberately uncharitable interpretation. Considering how infrequently this happens and how utterly trivial it is to recompile, I'd take this every time over complex deployments on the happy path. I do wish Go would adopt sum types, but in practice errors like you describe are vanishingly rare. It’s mostly a theoretical problem. Can you elaborate on Azure DevOps? Is that the Azure infra-as-code solution? And if so how does it compare to CloudFormation? Ah, ok. Will do. Thanks for the recommendation. > I don’t, so please keep you assumptions to yourself and don’t put words to in my mouth. I'm hardly putting words in your mouth. You were expressing more-or-less exactly this sentiment in your previous post. > What is this based on? It follows by definition of output-based or blackbox evaluation. Evaluating the output of a system implies that you are evaluating inputs in proportion to their contribution to the output. Socialism is an economic system. I’m pretty sure France has never had a socialist economy. It's hard to make a concurrent GC that also allows for the kind of super-cheap allocation that OCaml depends on for its performance characteristics. Allocation is expensive in Go, for example, but this is okay because Go has value semantics and an imperative model (no need to allocate memory on every little operation). Not sure how Haskell's GC works, but I'm guessing it more or less depends on Haskell's immutability guarantees. EDIT: Downvoters, I'm genuinely interested in hearing from you. Did I accidentally cause offense or am I mistaken? > Performance is hard because OCaml users are used to well performing code, with low and predictable pause times from the GC ( I would expect that low pause times are easy enough (or relatively easy considering the difficult domain of GC optimization), but keeping the allocations cheap is (one of) the key constraints, no? Java's GC is an impressive piece of engineering with a whole lot of investment, and even then (at least until very recently) it came at the cost of high stop-the-world pause times. I agree that the standard library database tooling is really clumsy in a lot of cases, but it's the library implementation at fault, not Go itself. Notably, contrary to your last sentence, you aren't troubling yourself with "weird Go semantics", you're troubling yourself with the semantics of the database stdlib. > Code that is silently incorrect is an absolute disaster on an enterprise level. Enterprise software is not well-known for its quality or correctness. This is silly. Lots of people are very productive in Go without generics. Even more productive than many languages that have generics (including Rust). Lots of people are very productive in languages without static typing at all . Generics will significantly improve a relatively small proportion of use cases. If you want conventional shared memory parallelism, then your allocations can't assume thread-locality. Ah, thanks for correcting me. Like I said, I am unfamiliar. I was mistaken; wasn't thinking clearly as I responded. JVM can get away with this because it's generational/moving; bump allocator works in the young generation and then objects are subsequently moved. Generational/moving is tricky, especially with C APIs (if the GC moves an object that C has a pointer to, the C code dereferencing the pointer will find potentially garbage data) and I believe they make it difficult to get good STW times, but at this point I'm pretty well out of my depth. I'm not sure you're making the point you think you are. Serious projects like major Cloud infrastructure? And what are these damning flaws? If they are damning performance flaws, then presumably no project can succeed in a language slower than Go. If they are static type safety flaws, then surely no project in a dynamic language can be successful. If they are lack of fine grained control over memory layout, then surely no major VM or interpreted language holds a candle. Look at Go’s HTTP library. It’s much lauded for striking a good balance between performance and ease of use, but it’s not as performant as it could be. For that, fasthttp exists and is quite popular although not nearly as popular as the standard HTTP library. Your comment gives the impression that this is a failure because the library for niche performance cases hasn’t become the go-to library for the general case. I disagree—it’s ideal that we have a canonical general purpose library and another for high performance cases. Perhaps you would argue that we should have interfaces that allow for a pluggable performant implementation and an easy-to-use general purpose implementation? This is all well and good, but it’s inherently not possible, because the interface is about ease-of-use and the performance is achieved by trading off on friendliness. You might offer Rust as a counterpoint since many of its standard libraries use an interface that is suitable for the general case and the high performance cases; however, this is a lie: these interfaces (and the core language) are manifold harder to use than their Go equivalents. In other words, Rust’s “general purpose” interfaces trade ease of use for the ability to support high performance implementations. This tradeoff isn’t inherently bad, but it is bad to pretend as though it’s inherently good or that there is no tradeoff at all. But who supports json5? I’m skeptical of this finding out at least it’s generalizability. I know (and like) Rust a fair bit better than JS, but I would be surprised if I could build a nontrivial web app in Rust faster than Node. And that’s without using TypeScript. YMMV, but I’d be curious to hear from others with experience with both languages. I agree with everything you posted (and I also really like Rust!), but I especially took note of this: > A lot of functional languages offer this by avoiding mutable data, but that's high cost This is true, but the inverse is that Rust's ownership model itself poses its own high cost in terms of a significant cognitive burden (and while I have no doubt that the burden decreases with time, I'm very skeptical that it ever gets to the point of a GC language). This is roughly what you're saying in the second paragraph, but I wanted to be a bit more explicit that the ownership model itself comes with a cost. I'm already on-board with data-oriented design, and my pedigree includes lots of such projects and languages (C, C++, Go, etc). I'm also familiar with Rust; I've been dabbling in it since ~2014. Still, I come to opposite conclusions. Rust is a magnificent language for many things, but I'm manifold more productive in Go or Python, even in concurrent contexts. Notably, the ownership rules guarantee correctness, but they also prohibit all sorts of correct programs (e.g., functions that only run in a single threaded context or whose shared data doesn't actually mutate). I would say I have the hang of these rules, but I still struggle to make sense of the lifetime error messages (and I find this nearly impossible when I'm tired), contrary to your experience about the clarity of the compiler messaging. I don't mean to slight the compiler--communicating about lifetimes is fundamentally hard; however, the point is that these error messages must be dealt with in all code even though the overwhelming majority of my code isn't subject to race conditions in the first place. I really want to like Rust (I love it in theory); however, frankly I don't see how Rust can approach a GC language with respect for productivity for anyone unless the domain prioritizes correctness and/or performance above all else. Fully agree that (all else equal) static type systems are more productive than dynamic type systems; however, that's mostly orthogonal to GC vs Rust's ownership model. I agree that Rust's ownership model provides for more correctness than GC, but at the expense of a whole lot of productivity (which was my original point). I also think the returns on static type systems (and static analysis in general) diminish quickly after (roughly) Go's position on the axis. To be clear, I would like to see Go have a more expressive type system (generics and sum types), but I think Go recoups upwards of ~90% of the quality difference between untyped Python and Rust (for example) while still allowing you to be at least as productive as with Python (which is still about 90% more productive than with Rust IMO). Disclaimers: this is all super subjective, error margins are huge, and YMMV. I’m perfectly comfortable with a “functional” as it pertains to Rust. In particular, Python (and to a lesser and more recent extent, C++) have had a lot of functional features (iterators, first-class-function, etc) for quite a while. The lack of GC actually makes it harder to use closures in Rust than Python or even Go. Unless I'm missing something, that sounds like the same net effect. Why is one better than the other apart from price? > +0 tonnes is not equivalent to -1 tonne of C02 emission, because maths. Right, but we're talking about -1 tonne (reducing emissions) vs -1 tonne (taking carbon out of the atmosphere) and last I checked, -1 tonne is equivalent to -1 tonne. > Reducing current C02 levels is more difficult and expensive than just reducing C02 output, and has a greater impact on overall reduction It makes sense to me that it's easier/cheaper to reduce C02 output (at least as long as there is lots of low-hanging fruit), but it doesn't make sense to me that one would have a greater impact than the other. They used to do exactly this. Various agricultural and construction equipment manufacturers operated in such a way that they could shift production to tanks at a moment's notice. Structural subtyping can be based on attributes a la Python’s Protocols. My experience is the same. It's interesting to me that people are very concerned about Go's structural subtyping, but they generally have no qualms about passing functions around. Given that the contract for a function is the function signature, and the contract for an interface is [all function signatures and their associated names ], surely the latter is less error prone? Frequently in Go I find that single-method interfaces are easier to work with when made into a closure. Instead of `type Foo interface { Foo() }`, I often find `type Foo func()` easier to work with. There are probably exceptions to this; I'm mostly just voicing my own observation. I don’t think we were driven to explore so much as we were hunter gatherers often following our food, especially as human densities in one area came to exceed the number of hunter gatherers that area could support. (The Pacific Islanders are perhaps an exception) This. We’ve been chugging along happily on Fargate for a while now. We looked into EKS, but there is a ton of stuff you have to do manually that is built into Fargate or at least Fargate makes it trivial to integrate with other AWS services (logging, monitoring, IAM integration, cert manager, load balancers, secrets management, etc). I’d like to use Kubernetes, but Fargate just works out of the box. Fortunately, AWS seems to be making EKS better all the time. This might be a bug rather than a feature for a lot of people. Many people want humanity to concentrate in urban areas because it is better for the environment. Others complain about urbanites' tax dollars paying for rural roads (which is effectively the scenario you're describing, even if those tax dollars are labeled "UBI" and routed through rural citizens' bank accounts first). Still others see rural Americans as their political adversaries. (Note that this is just an observation; not a value judgment) Like others have said, cross that bridge if/when we get to it--there's no sense in incurring the Kubernetes cost now because one day we might have to switch to Kubernetes anyway. It's also worth noting that Fargate has actually gotten considerably cheaper since we started using it, probably because of the firecracker VM technology. I'm pretty happy with Fargate. In the current case, politicians are deciding to route dollars to rural roads because people live there. In the UBI case, tax dollars are given to people who live in rural areas who then pay tax to fix their own roads (or maybe we don't change how rural roads are funded and we just add on UBI?). Seems like you're making a distinction without a (meaningful) difference. You have the same issue if you pass multiple callbacks to a given function, except as previously mentioned, you're more likely to pass the wrong set of callbacks than to pass the wrong interface implementation (because interface methods are named must be bound to the same data). Like I said elsewhere in the thread, you can have the same problem with callbacks: func receiver(next func() bool, getItem func() Foo) {} vs type FooIter interface { Next() bool; Item() Foo } func receiver(iter FooIter) {} You're more likely to pass the wrong set of callbacks than to pass the wrong FooIter implementation since the type system doesn't require the callbacks to be related to the same data nor named any certain way. This is the line of reasoning I was referring to. Also urban areas emit (cause?) less carbon per capita than rural areas and both do better than suburban areas. I agree, but we're arguing about a hypothetical bug scenario that has probably never ever happened: accidentally implementing this sort of stateful interface. These stateful interfaces are already very rare (at least in Go) and accidentally implementing an interface is itself vanishingly rare (I don't think I've ever heard of this happening in practice). It doesn't make sense to me to take grievance with Go's interfaces (which offer strictly stronger protections than callbacks), but be okay with naked callbacks on the basis that "people tend not to use them in a stateful manner" (never mind the stateless scenario in which bare callbacks also provide weaker guarantees than Go's interfaces). I don’t think anyone is advocating for choosing a different language per function, but rather you can use the best language for the job. For example, we have a Python monolith that has one route that is CPU-bound and would otherwise be an ideal use case for a language with real multithreading. The Python version often times out (60s) while a native Go (or perhaps Java) version would probably be on the order of a single second. In our case the limitation is less about the monolith architecture and more about our team’s unwillingness to learn a new language. I’ve had some luck with Mypy, but it’s still very bolted-on. Even getting the type checker to find dependencies installed on your system is nontrivial. But this sort of tedium is just par for the course with Python. > Sounds nasty. The classic python answer is to try rewriting the innermost loops in cython/c/cppyy etc or try using numba/pypy Yep, we’re doing this. The problem is that we’re still calling back and forth between C and Python very frequently and rewriting that next layer in C or similar is prohibitively unmaintainable. > The problem with this "best ... for the job" phrasing is that there's an objectively, indisputably right answer, where I've experienced atrocious choices being inflicted upon a team under that guise, resulting in a component that nobody wants to maintain because it's foreign to everyone. Fine, then let’s at least not use the wrong tools for the job, in this case, Python and language’s that impose similar tradeoffs. It would go a long way if the post used a Rust-like syntax even if it’s not a real language. Perhaps ReasonML, but I think that even does away with more parens than necessary IIRC. We didn't try numba and couldn't get pypy working; we had dependencies that didn't work with Pypy. I'm curious about numba though. > I don't think well written cython should be any more unmaintainable than Go IMHO. I've written a lot of Go, it's always struck me as about as maintainable as Python (I would put it at a bit more maintainable than Python given its mature static typing story--mypy still has lots of problems). I haven't given Cython a fair shake, but it doesn't seem very well-invested in; this is generally what has kept me away from it. Maybe this is what Factorio has been preparing me for all this time! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factorio Let’s sort that out on Earth first. :p It was a joke, relax. > that developing software and testing it on AWS is an order of magnitude more expensive than doing things on-premises Is there any truth to this? Every time I see this claim, it is actually comparing the price tag for servers in the on-prem case with the price tag for compute on AWS/etc (which includes a whole lot of engineering and data center management costs). It's a pretty meaningless comparison. My guess is that AWS has the economies of scale to outperform your average private data center on a total-cost-of-ownership basis. I guess I always assumed this is more or less how it worked everywhere, at least anywhere that respect intellectual property. Is this not the case? What other models are out there, and which ones work better? In my personal experience, reading alone is less efficient by at least 1 order of magnitude. Python is only easy to write. Managing environments, dependencies, deployment, tooling, etc are all abysmal and Go gets very high marks in all of these areas (including ease-of-writing). Yeah, I saw this. They were specifically talking to experts at the Museum of the Bible. Good episode indeed. I keep an open mind about unions. I hear they work well in many places (usually in Europe, for whatever reason), but many of us from blue collar American backgrounds only have experience with them protecting laggards and creating ridiculously inefficient working restrictions[^1][^2] which (presumably?) drive jobs overseas. I guess my questions for union proponents are: "Why do unions seem to work so poorly in the United States?" and "How do we make sure these proposed software unions don't suffer similarly?". How do we get the good without the bad? [^1]: A particularly egregious example from the factory where my dad works as a maintenance person: they have a machine that cuts cardboard; to service the blade, they need 3 people: one to remove the bolts holding the blade in place, another to remove the blade, and yet another to service it (and then the first two must replace the blade and the bolts, respectively). There must be three distinct people (IIRC because they're from different unions or something similarly silly) by contract (not because removing the bolts or the blade requires special training), which generally involves a lot of waiting for each person to be available--something that could take half an hour often spans multiple days. [^2]: Another particularly egregious example from my father-in-law's IT office (he has since retired): employees generally laze about doing little; they aren't allowed to browse the Internet or play games, but some bring in books and one woman literally sits staring vacantly at her black-screen monitor for hours on end. No idea why electronic idleness is okay, but reading, etc are okay. Presumably population density is the more relevant factor. (I didn’t downvote you). I actually think this is the one time the media’s criticism isn’t hyperbolic (Trump always merits criticism, but somehow the media takes it to ridiculous extremes). I don’t think Trump is the frothing racist he’s made out to be (although I’m sure he has all sorts of subconscious biases), but he is an idiot narcissist with a national crisis on his hands and he seems to be handling it miserably. Why didn’t we have testing in place sooner? Even if you pin the blame on the CDC, why weren’t there remediation plans announced publicly/immediately? Why is there still no word about how we will manage the crisis when it hits? What of ordering more ventilators and other necessary equipment or scaling up hospital capacity? What of containment measures to slow the spread? How are we going to ramp up testing (I’m grateful for the Roche test deal but who knows if Trump was even aware of or involved in it)? This isn’t leadership even by the crudest standard, and people will die as a consequence. To his credit, he’s working with “Google” to make the website and that’s not nothing, but there’s still a lot to be done and he gives no impression of proactivity or even merely reacting to what is already happening in other countries. I don’t want to be in the middle of the crisis hearing him shift the blame onto the Obama administration when there’s plenty he could have done or plenty he could be doing to mitigate. Citation please? This seems like overt misinformation. They’ll be the first, but almost all of them will be fine. They’ll just pass it onto the elderly, cancer patients, etc who won’t be fine. No Darwinian justice here, I’m afraid. Coke cans don’t have the same regulatory hurdles and moreover there your coke can R&D is amortized over something like a trillion units. There’s a real argument for why this lawsuit is dumb, but this ain’t it. I never understand these capitalism criticisms. It’s like criticizing modern medicine because Coronavirus exists. Yeah, it’s not a perfect system but I’m not going to switch to homeopathy just yet. What about on MacOS? The trackbar escape key is super flaky... We didn’t know this virus was going to be this bad, but we knew that we were overdue for one and there had been recent epidemics that targeted respiratory systems. Our respirator stockpile was in the tens of thousands—several orders of magnitude lower than would be necessary in a national emergency. Europeans seem pretty proud of their Internet, at least relative to the US, for example: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22631036 I'm shocked at how modern this bird looks considering it coexisted with dinosaurs. I thought birds looked more like feathered reptiles at that point, but I guess Archaeopteryx is 125 million years ago (putting the new fossil half way between Arch' and us). I really hope this virus prompts our disaster management agencies to get their shit together, and specifically to consider supply chain security as part of their threat model (and no, we don't meaningfully do this or we wouldn't have such a pitiful national reserve of respirators and other respiratory treatment devices following SARS and MURS). Not sure exactly what this would look like, but identifying key partners in industry and working with them to enable them to turn-key ramp up production seems obvious. I think everyone would like to see the CDC be better funded. Hindsight makes that an obvious mistake, but monitoring C19 should have been their number one priority in any case. From January onwards it was clear that it was the number one threat. There's still no explanation (afaik) for why they rolled their own test instead of using the WHO's test, nor have they effectively communicated their plans for ramping up testing or medical capacity. I don't see how this is anything besides mismanagement (e.g., how does funding impact which test they used? Presumably being under-funded would prompt them to use the test that the rest of the world is going with instead of rolling their own), and I really hope congress or the justice dept rips into this after the crisis is averted. EDIT: Note that I say all of this as someone who is a big believer in "it's almost always more complicated/nuanced than it looks", but there seems to be no information about said nuance or complexity. Optimize for the aspects of the supply chain that don't depend on the specific drug. For example, the packaging of pills probably doesn't need to vary that much in general. But the point isn't that we are prepared for every eventuality (e.g., chloroquine), but that we are doing due diligence in preparing for the likely eventualities (e.g., general purpose respiratory treatments like ventilators). Agree, and that's kind of my point. Being "fully funded" wasn't the problem--it was hubris/mismanagement. I didn't see any such explanation on the CDC page either, and I thought I was pretty thorough in searching for it. I did know that they were developed concurrently, but I'm unaware of any information about why they couldn't at any point pivot and use the WHO test, for example. Why is this information so hard to find?