Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option. Windows by default only shares within your local network. Optionally you can turn it on for the wider internet and it does not seem to use that much data in my experience. It's based on the linux kernel and many of the core components have been rewritten in rust which the google security team seems to be suggesting is the solution to these problems. I don't have any actual proof but my gut feeling is the linux kernel is better tested and has better security hardening than the ios internals. So just like PHP tutorials then. That's a fair and valid complaint. The thought that learning from copyrighted content makes new output copyrighted is pretty far fetched and wouldn't apply to a human. I think people value their code snipits way way too much. A 10 line function to post to twitter is not worth anything. Its an entire codebase that has value. Personally I'm not a huge fan because of how spaced out the text content is. So many images breaking the flow of thought. Id rather blocks of text and then a gallery of images. But you get what you get. A string of tweets is better than nothing. Perhaps it was to save money on sockets. The stores go empty because people who already have the sunk cost of a car will just drive to the next city for bigger stores at cheaper prices. I think for things to work, we need to seriously cut down the fees for selling a house. The fees and laws are set up for someone who buys/sells once every few decades. So if you move frequently, there is no way you could be a owner without taking serious losses. They can just use the data and see "50% of verified humans clicked this" and know that it is debatable or not obviously a match but not a verified not-match. Proof of work is horrific. Means someones old phone has a meltdown trying to load the page while a warehouse in china with the latest GPUs cranks out billions of proofs per second. You could even utilize botnets to get random laptops and fridges to do your PoW. > or just causing some electrons to be moved around to prove your not a bot? The problem is spam networks have more computers and more power than your phone does so any proof that you can do, spammers can do 1000x faster. PoW can sort of work when your attack to defend against is a ddos situation where an attacker has to make far more requests than the average user, but most captchas try to defend against bots being able to use the site at all which PoW can not do. I just find it very amusing that simple pictures of outside in the US are being described as "unbearably depressing". A pretty good signal that modern urban design in the US is creating very ugly and depressing spaces. >like they were taken by a decade-old smartphone. It's more that its cropped from a much larger photo and the AI has detected that something is here but it isn't 100% on which thing it is out of a few possible candidates. The sharp stuff is already clearly identified. CFC gasses where a big one. They were hugely useful for many things but were found to be breaking down ozone and were very rapidly banned effectively. There was in Australia for a short time. The topic has become poisoned though and it will be very hard to bring back with newscorp still running things. Something that almost the entire population uses all day is only using 5%? Sounds incredibly efficient. Repacking fonts to be smaller sounds about as useful as plugging a hand crank generator in to the power point. You can say this of just about everything. The problem is that everything needs to be cut down. Recently moved to the city and got rid of my car. I now walk everywhere. I feel like this has cut out a fairly significant chunk of my impact. They taste different to cane sugar / corn syrup but good/bad is subjective and something you get used to. I used to not like it but now my taste adjusted it and now I don't like the "real sugar" flavor. The problem is that we have introduced so many new chemicals recently and have seen so many unexplained changes to health. Its virtually impossible to work out which thing did what. I'm not going to stress over aspartame though. Plastics, PFOA, PTFE, processed meats, and air pollution are way above on my concern scale. If I was concerned about cancer from aspartame, I would never touch any form of alcohol again. If wood was sold as cookware designed to get to high temperatures. Yes. Its that there are so many thing we _know_ cause cancer in high rates that we still consume. So I wouldn't waste mental energy on something that maybe might cause it before cutting out everything we know causes it first. It's not that hard to say anyway. You read it as "quad a". Even a linear growth is fine. By 2030 there will be pretty much 100% adoption at this pace. There may even be a tipping point when places like India are so stretched for v4 addresses and v6 is so widespread where local sites go v6 only which triggers a much faster adoption rate on the consumer side. It's nothing critical but some ISPs use multiple layers of hacks to work IPv4 and certain types of networking become very unreliable over it. Things like long running connections will be dropped because the ISP routers do not maintain the NAT mapping forever. For github pages its probably not going to make a huge difference but for things like SSH or file transfers it could be an issue. For things like video game servers or home servers you just flat out can not work them on v4 if your ISP uses CG-NAT. Pretty sure gitlab allows for any file type to be uploaded and they also support issue only projects. It looks like there is more gameplay in getting the thing installed than the actual game. If every company suddenly decided that they now want to keep a years stock of their important parts rather than a week, the demand just went up 52x right away. It's no surprise even basic parts are sold out for the next year at least. In most cases I would agree but right now I am seeing actual shortages. In just web development, it seems like this year every single company decided is the time to expand. And when every company decided to expand at the same time, there is a shortage of workers to fill those roles since you can't just pull senior developers from thin air or unis. I was making a comfortable wage previously but this year most of my coworkers have left for other jobs and I'm on the way out too since the current job listings are close to double what I make currently. An eye watering amount of money is on the table right now. But paying more is a zero sum game. To gain developers you have to be draining them from some other company and it will take years for new supply to come in. Because farms cost $18 billion dollars each and become obsolete in less than 5 years? I'm looking at the supplier websites and trivial parts like 10 cent microcontrollers have over a year wait times. This is why I have been waiting for months to have the dryer I ordered and there is still no delivery date set. I would have no issues going out and buying the latest macbook right now but basic other products are missing. It would seem exceedingly difficult to reuse chips at scale. The software and pcb is deigned around one microcontroller in particular and it is not trivial to swap them out with others. So if I design my washing machine around a particular chip, I could order a million of them for 5 cent each, or I would have to: * somehow identify other models which have the chip * find 1 million of them about to be discarded * rip them open, desolder, collect these parts * discard the rest of the machine * do this for about 10 cents per washing machine combined with the fact that washing machines usually last a decade and will be dying out over a time period spread out over 10-20 years after manufacturing time. How on earth would it be possible to pull off and by that time, these chips will be very obsolete / impossible to order new ones. Those old and cheap chips seem to be hit the hardest. I can easily buy an M1 macbook today but buying a washing machine or a basic microcontroller is sold out for an undetermined time. With enough time I assume they will. People will get upset if they suddenly see stores selling the same product for double the price. So the stores take the loss (or really just not taking the potential profit) and then let scalpers resell them at market value while offloading all of the hate on to faceless ebay sellers. It is a shortage because there are more open positions for senior developers than there are senior developers here. Paying more won't bring senior developers out of the void because there do not exist enough to fill all positions. If all companies expand at the same time they can not possibly all fill their positions no matter what they pay. I'm talking about the whole of Australia right now (remote but country based). I can see job listings have all exploded in listed salary and every company I talk to is looking to expand. The cost and difficulty of this task is monumental and the rewards are so small. These chips literally cost cents and outside of global disasters, they are quite easy to buy in the millions. And it isn't just micro controllers that are out of stock basic passive components are missing as well. It would cost an absolute fortune to strip all of these parts off older machines. No one wants to pay $6000 for a washing machine made of scrap parts which may fail and are long since obsolete so they can no longer be reordered. I read "do you need a webserver" like "do you need one yourself" and freeloading off someone elses server like with GL pages counts as not having a webserver. Otherwise how else would you serve content? IMO its a problem that we try to keep everyone alive at all costs disregarding quality of life. I would much prefer to just die before becoming incapable of basic tasks and being kept artificially alive. Configuration adds complexity and is a huge source of confusion for users. Google drive strikes me as something that should just work and be so simple that you do not have to configure it. There does not seem to be any genuine reason to make this change a setting because the main objection is just "I don't like it" rather than "it stops me from doing x" or "it makes x harder" It would be much less painful to just have users get used to the new behavior than to support a setting for forever. For people who want full power, custom clients exist for google drive which can work however you want. We see a constant trend where users move towards products which just work rather than require manuals and configuration. Seems only sane that general public products like google drive should cater to this and if you want full power over everything, you have 3rd party clients, nextcloud, ftp, etc. Apple actually does really well at this where it matters. Their accessibility settings allow a huge amount of customization for making the devices easier to use for disabled people. They just don't have android rom style settings like changing the unlock screen to swipe down rather than up or turning the battery indicator in to a circle. What kind of evil plot do you think google is behind here? Seems like a completely legitimate change to me. Haha that UI branch name thing is hilarious. Everyone at work has the same problem and has had it for the year and a half we have been using gitlab but the gitlab devs insist it doesn't happen for them. You can workaround it by pressing the right arrow at the end of the text. GitLab pages started with the incredible idea that you could provide your own docker container and use the CI to build using whatever tools you want while github only supported jekyl at the time. A lot of that money gets spent on adding features to win sales and those features are a one time cost so they can be used for free to win new customers later. GitLab pushes hard to be the do everything tool. GitLab is not just a git hosting and collaboration tool. They want it to be the single tool you use for almost everything to do with an application including monitoring, controlling infrastructure, error logging, project management/planning, security auditing, and a bunch of other things. If you are using GitLab in a hobbyist or solo way, you are touching about 5% of the features that GitLab provides. Which is fine and a valid way to use it but its easy to see how customers justify spending big dollars on the top plan with hundreds of user licenses when the tool does so much. We even have customer support and project managers using the tool because it caters to them well. If you want you can even use gitlab to replace something like zendesk as it provides an email address which puts all emails in to a "support desk" queue. On that blue "create merge request" button on the issue page, there is a drop down arrow to let you pick a branch to start from. That text input is super buggy and often says the branch does not exist even if the name is correct. These days even peoples iot washing machines are being found to be participating in ddos attacks. Most devices are configured to randomize part of the v6 address for privacy so you can no longer see more info than ipv4 would show. I think part of the difficulty is that just receiving or denying the traffic can consume all of your resources. It really has to be denied at the ISP levels before it reaches your router. It's not just 250Gbps, its 250 on top of normal usage. Most ISPs run a fairly efficient setup where they are only paying for a little bit over the average usage. At least with this way, you don't have to hang on to bad ideas and specs for eternity. A bad crate can easily be swapped out for a better one and future developers won't have to remember which is the good date functions. These days you just ship it in a flatpak which is easy to install on any system. Distro specific packaging is a relic these days. As if the Google AI is smart enough to understand context anyway. If you are going to use google services, set a calendar reminder to download the takeout dump very frequently. It's pretty easy to do and saves you in these cases. IMO there needs to be some kind of minimum allowed customer support when handling user data. If you can't provide real support for free, then remove the free plan. If everyone has to then they are all equal again. It's just wrong to trick people in to trusting a service with their data and then yanking it with no support contact. The solution is government regulation. It should not be legal for Google to host peoples important data and yank it without any way for the person to get their data back.' Google should be legally required to either provide a phone number to call, or make the Takeout feature always available regardless of account bans. No, its like saying they should not be allowed to serve expired food and let x% of people end up sick. They should either serve safe to eat food or no food at all. You can use everything and just dump your account data frequently with Google Takeout. It's super simple to use and provides the data in a format you can easily upload to alternatives. Google drive and photos are my primary data copy and the .tgz dumps are my backup. You can easily get your data out frequently from here https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout Encrypted data is too much of a pain because it breaks cross platform integrations. I mostly upload files via my ipad and phone which are unable to encrypt the data. It also prevents you from previewing things without downloading the full file first. I have been doing a takeout every month. Do you really want to lose 6 months worth of files in a disaster? That's why you do it on a schedule and already have the dump downloaded before your account is flagged. That's easy to fix. You have a government body that takes complaints and if a company receives too many complaints over their customer service, they must pay a penalty. I wish someone would make a wireless split keyboard. I have the ergodox but I ended up replacing it with the logitech mx keys because I was sick of having cables all over my desk and having to unplug the thing every time I switch between my desktop and laptop. Interesting product. Little bit ugly but it does seem to be what I wanted. I actually had a usb switch setup going on but the problem was I had cables everywhere and still had to plug everything in to the laptop. Now I just plug in power and video and the rest is just wireless. There is a decent kurzgesagt video explaining what transforming a new planet would look like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-WO-z-QuWI Essentially it would be almost infinitely easier to reverse all climate change on earth than to make another planet livable but it is in theory possible. Hourly priced electricity will be the future. Solar is creating this huge abundance of power during the day and electric cars are basically a huge grid of batteries. Since you are not using your car for the majority of the day and usually not during the middle of the day where peak solar kicks in, you can just plug your car in every time you leave it parked and then a charge controller sits and does nothing until power prices drop to the expected lowest price before charging. With some kind of fail safe where they charge anyway if no expected low occurred. But another problem is that road construction itself is a huge cause of greenhouse gas emissions and isn't solved at all by electric cars. Only fewer and lighter cars would make things better. Personally I think electric scooters could replace a fair bit of car travel. The little sit down ones are sufficient to get you around for most trips and carry a bags worth of stuff. Registration fees should be based on vehicle weight to match the cost of the damage done to the roads. I have been using my Bose bt headphones for 3 years now and they still seem as good as the day I got them. No noticeable battery issues. Not only a proxy. The other random devices use their known location to add to the data to show where the device was found. It’s all encrypted with the key of the lost device owner so apple can not read it. I suspect Microsoft paid attention to how much marketing and hype comes around every iOS/android/macOS update and wanted in on that action. Now Microsoft can release a new number every year with its own marketing page and give the tech news sites something to write about that sounds better than “windows service pack 27273-b” The _only_ possible solution to this problem is government regulation. An open source radio on your phone does literally nothing when the phone networks are all hostile. There is zero chance a company would get away with that. Someone will find out their shoes have a pcb and battery in them. They are accurate to the tower which is far too accurate for comfort. From everything I have seen, Google most certainly does not have the talent already to compete with TSMC. The talent does not even exist outside of Taiwan and China. And that creating a new cutting edge fab is the most complicated task known to man and becomes obsolete in a few years. There is no way to verify the screen is genuine in a way that could not be copied. The current way works because there is nothing that can be copied. The main board asks for a serial number and only it knows what the correct one is. No 3rd party can fake that without tailoring it to the specific phone. It’s a real shitty situation but it’s a little more complex. “Legit service” stores actually can get the genuine parts and software though. This mainly affects DIY repair. The only thing I have ever had to have done is battery replacements and those are offered at a fair price from apple or authorised repair locations. I get your perspective but I feel the situation is more complex than that. Replacement parts _never_ brick the phone. They can disable FaceID, TrueTone and show "non genuine" warnings. They also seem to bug out the cameras but this was fixed via an update on the 12 and seems likely to be fixed here too. The FaceID one seems legitimate as a malicious faceid sensor could compromise security. The truetone one looks like total rubbish and should be fixed. And the non genuine messages are useful. The problem is not you knowingly putting in a non genuine part. It's that a disappointing chunk of repair stalls and almost all online parts are non genuine and essentially fraud as they advertise as being genuine and better than the original parts. Often they are recycled parts from used / stolen devices which are worn out before you even get them. There are even stores in 3rd world countries which will remove genuine parts from your phone and replace them with fakes while doing something like a battery replacement. The non genuine message protects the customer who gets their phone repaired. It also protects the second hand buyer so they can see that the whole phone is genuine and no bad parts are used. It also protects the phone owner by making theft less valuable as the parts can not be used to their fullest. So I totally understand the issues with DIY repair here, but I also see all of the other issues at play. The main issue I see is that Apple does not do repairs on certain parts of the phone like the lightning port so if those parts break, they won't do anything for you. I'd like to see Apple and governments work together to find a solution that ensures users get maximum repairability while still being protected against part fraud. I'd like to see Apple have some open dialog with the public and governments about exactly _why_ each restriction is in place, what problems they face, and why they have to do things this way. Mozilla needs a CEO for the same reason all companies need one. I find it disappointing how people grill open source or charity projects over spending money on management or marketing like it’s a waste. Do you think every other company spends this money just for fun? Or that it actually provides value to the business and helps them succeed? Sounds like they could use your money on Firefox but then allocate less of their own money to it so the result is the same. Yes. You probably have the extra codecs package added which is arguably illegal to distribute in the US. Other distros like Fedora won’t touch it. Because motherboards may not have enough headers for the number of fans people want to run. And people want to be able to control things via a GUI on their OS and not have to reboot in to some ancient and buggy firmware config page. It's not hard to see how a usb fan controller is desirable even if not strictly required. How convenient it would be for governments to be able to make the population content with their dystopia. No need to fix wages or living conditions. Just zap their brains in to liking it. It's possible that the CEO is right and the position is going for 5x less than market rate so only the bottom tier people want to take it. But also that Firefox is doomed no matter what they do. Chrome, Safari, and Edge are now all very good browsers that come by default. No one has a reason to install a different browser. An even cheaper CEO may not even be able to preserve the slow burn Mozilla is at and may just immediately crash it. In my experience it has been easy, but they charge a cancellation fee. As a user I quite like it. It self selects away the user hostile devs who put malicious dark patterns in their apps. If a company does not want to allow me to delete my account, I don't want to use it and I'm glad it's removed from the store. I wonder if in app customer support counts. My bank app has no account close button but you can live chat with them in the app and close your account. I almost feel dumb asking this, but what does “zero cost egress” actually mean? So this means free download? So if I host a 1tb file on r2, I pay for the storage but download is unlimited? Seems like a pretty good deal. I don’t think they were talking about the same person seeing the ad, but if you show 1000 people the ad a day for 10 days or show 10,000 people the ad in one day. Facebook can show 1 ad campaign per day to the user base instead of 30 ads getting 1/30th of the target market each day over a month. To the individual user, they can’t tell anything different between these two types of campaigns. It just makes the advertiser feel better that their money is lasting longer. My thoughts. I have never once in my life typed something in to the browser search bar that I intended to be local or private. This doesn’t seem particularly alarming. Googles account security is above and beyond the rest of the web right now. I doubt a single attack has been made realistic by this feature. For what reason? Lost 2FA access? Triggered some kind of attack detection system? Mumble has long since falling out of favour. It’s missing most of what people consider critical features now including mobile support, good IM support, and the ability to instantly create new communities without dealing with hosting. I’d say it’s likely that most discord users are mobile or at least half. What do mean unlocked? This can happen on any phone the OEM chooses to load malware on. They don’t have any power over the government or the average US voter. They only have power over random corporate employees and universities. You aren’t meant to care about every single release. You just get one after x years and it becomes a big jump. Yearly releases mean that it’s never a bad time to buy. The one that comes out next year won’t obsolete the one from this year. If you had it on 3 year cycles, the first year would be a good year to buy, the second year would be ok, and the 3rd year would be a bad time to buy. And if another OEM released something that year, everyone who wanted to buy on year three would go with them since they have the best offering of that year. Why would you bother planning ahead when you can just have the government change the rules of the game after you sit on your ass and pocket the savings for a year. This is the line implementing the famous “hidden test” cheat https://github.com/k4zmu2a/SpaceCadetPinball/blob/8c4f38c0af... Looks like there are other undiscovered cheat codes too. Typing "hidden test" and hitting enter would cause the ball to be stuck to the mouse pointer rather than playing normally. I assume this was used to test the game features but it was left in the final build. The world is so poorly understood by everyone but in the end things are fine. Users don't fully understand UI but it doesn't matter because they make do. The majority manage to buy their product on Amazon just fine. It's not bad behavior, its more unrealistic expectations. Google provides a magic box that does everything and works it out while every other bit of software presents constrained UIs which push the requirement of understanding on the user rather than the system. The end game system for google is one where you just talk to it like a person and it does what you want without having to have any kind of training on the system. This is the only issue I see with the new bar. The system would work fine if it wasn't for malicious actors trying to pose as other sites. Some official documents give specific instructions to type the whole url and not to use google. So now its all computerized. You don't get a knob on the dash to personalize exactly how much fuel to air you want. The OEM sets that and you go on about your day without ever caring. Hah, thanks so much for replying! I just wanted to say that leaving this in the final build was awesome. Knowing this cheat in school made you basically a wizard. A product targeted for kids should be suitable for kids. I do not see any way around this. If a child’s toy at the store contained razor blades, no one would say “oh well the parent was meant to check for razor blades in the toy first. I see no issue with the toy.” Remote work has shifted demands and it’s going to take some work to realign supply with demand. Some of these office towers should be suitable to refit in to apartment buildings. There is never going to be as much demand for office space as there was. The future of cities is being a place to live and the local councils need to fit out cities as comfortable spaces with nice facilities. The future is more likely to be payment processing becoming a utility and government regulated so you can't just cut someone off without going through some official process like you would to cut off power or water. I think the more likely answer is that podcasts can be produced with exclusivity deals while songs can not. Spotify is large because they were first and because apple/google music suck. But eventually apple and google will stop sucking and users will drain from Spotify rapidly unless Spotify can create content to keep users in. Spotify is in the position of Firefox 15 years ago right now. Eventually the built in apps will take over. Upgrading dependencies is never a safe operation regardless of what semver tells you. The version number is a suggestion and not a promise. I have had minor patches break things because it turns out that my app is depending on a behaviour which is a bug. But it’s no big deal, upgrading is something you plan out and spend the time on. Upgrade them all at once and spend the time testing everything and reading change logs. Currently getting paid in the 4th percentile in Australia as a ruby/js dev with no formal education. Who cares what the js ecosystem is like if companies are willing to shell out whatever it costs to get devs to work on their web app. Having JavaScript app devs is basically a license for companies to print money right now. The difference is that construction is largely doing the exact same thing that has been refined over thousands of years and we know very well how it goes and have formulas to precalculate everything. So you can have a set of building codes which if you follow, are very likely to produce a perfectly fine building. While software development is completely making things up as you go because it hasn’t ever been done before. Any kind of government regulation would end up as a box checking exercise that wouldn’t add any more safety and probably introduce problems when products have nonsensical decisions added in to fit with some requirements. I used this Australia specific page https://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-21/income-calculator-... It's been 6 years now and IPFS is still stuck with the same problems it had at the start with no real pathway to being useful. Most technology does something useful early on. I don't know the timeline for the web but I don't imagine it involved 6 years of marketing and selling to investors while not serving any purpose well. IPFS claims to solve this with their name service IPNS which can update to point to a new hash with a revised file. Where the original hash can be cached and used but users can refer to the NS version and get the latest version. But last I saw, the name on IPNS had to be frequently pushed by the original server or it would go away. On what basis do you think this is likely? What part of IPFS gets faster when more users are online? If the file exists on a system in the network, it should make a connection and start fetching the file within milliseconds ideally. It's not like we are distributing multi gb files where more seeders means more speed, this is all just slowness in setting up a connection. Even torrents take 1-10 seconds to initiate downloads with an absolutely massive network. I see this kind of claim posted a lot, but what does IPFS actually do that torrents do not? What is a new use case which has been enabled? Yeah I looked in to filecoin as well and it's not nearly as simple as setting up a raspberry pi with a 1tb HDD attached. You have to have a latest gen array of GPUs sitting there constantly cryptographically proving the entire content of the HDD every minute. As with all crypto tech, its insanely inefficient and you may as well use google drive or s3. Yeah this is what I saw 4 years ago. Shame it still isn't working. Insane how crypto projects spend all this effort on flashy landing pages, marketing, hype. But if you actually try to use the product, you find out it just doesn't actually work. Which is why a DHT system is not appropriate for web style uses. No one wants to wait multiple seconds for a page to even start downloading. It's fine for a large file download but not for frequent small requests. Modern emulation devs keep the heat low by making it extremely cumbersome and complex to use their emulators. The last time I looked, you had to have a hacked switch and run some home brew tool to dump files of the system which you can then use to run the emulator. This in my opinion is to make using the emulator even harder than just running pirated games on your already hacked switch. And then once the console is discontinued, the devs just make it work out of the box. Most emulators reimplement that stuff. Virtualising the console is the whole point of the project. I’d expect in 5 years you won’t need any files because the console will no longer be commercially viable. I think it's likely that both of these can be true. That it is easier for the developers to not emulate it, but also that there is no will to get it done right now because it makes emulation hard for non developers but still easy for them. Which lets them develop in the dark without the media and legal teams on them. It's a USB-C brick with a USB-C to MagSafe cable. You can remove the magsafe part and use it with a C-C charger Yep, I'm in Australia in a state that has been largely in office for most of the year and I used the HDMI port on my Dell XPS. Although because of the macbook users, every HDMI cable in the office has a usb-c dongle stuck on it so I wouldn't be too inconvenienced by the lack of the port either. I imagine the air and base model pro will still retain USB-C only. Personally I think the 2020 design looks bad because the top black bezel is thicker than the sides. While things like the ipad have it uniform around the whole display. I personally think patents should only apply to significant investments. Anything that could be mostly explained in an elevator trip should not be patentable. Rounded corners should not be patentable. The latest ARM core design should be. It almost has, it's just playing the long long game. People don't replace their monitors, tvs and projectors constantly but eventually they will all be bundled in with usb-c cables. Last time I was in an office, every cable had a usb-c dongle stuck to it permanently. I like the notch. It makes the phone look different to every other glass slab on the market. They are as big as pre notch. It's just now the toolbar has moved in to a space which was once black bezel. Full screen is still useful for hiding the toolbar for a distraction free view. From the picture, it looks about the same. The top bezel is huge on the 2020 macbook. I have no idea what you are talking about. I have about 7 containers running the full work app and I can't hear any fan noise and the laptop is running cold. This thing is running Rails, mysql, elastic search, redis, mongodb, and workers inside docker. As well as nodejs, vscode, a handful of electron apps all at the same time and the laptop is cold. >That extra RAM costs, what $50? The extra SSD space is maybe another $100? I have had this told to me endlessly. And then I see the laptops these people buy and its the cheapest machine with the highest numbers on the sales page. The laptops are abysmal quality and fail in every single metric not directly listed on the spec sheet. There is so much more to an SSD than capacity. Along with every other component. Also take in to consideration that these components are all on the same chip which makes them significantly faster and harder to produce than the average m.2 drive as the more components on the same chip, the more likely there will be errors so those top spec chips are the top of the production batch. Even when mobility just means flying to another state for a week, a laptop is still worth it. I would never switch to developing from a desktop now that laptops are so capable. You also wouldn't want native mac containers. The idea is to run everywhere. Bundling linux in is an improvement for portability when the production for these containers will be linux. Docker has worked almost flawlessly for me. I had a single container which did not run properly but I just rebuilt the image on my M1 mac and it worked fine. They do not market these as gaming devices. The GPU is intended for rendering content for pro use cases. It is competitive if this is your use case. Also the whole point of magsafe was to save laptops from smashing when someone trips on the cable. They likely reduce ewaste in total. Mini and micro hdmi are almost non existent in the wild. USB-C is the correct choice for the airs. And for the longest time they put it in the bottom left corner for a good view up your nose. They also seem to mount the mic inside the fan bearings. I saw a video proposing that it might be possible that the universe collapses on itself again and everything is reset. But there are more non reversible things going on than just expansion. I only just found out that all elements radioactively decay and will eventually be gone. The user doesn’t care what field they are on. Apple has destroyed the rest of the market. The developer of Jelly Car just announced he is working on Jelly Car 4 btw. It’s not the one the whole gaming industry prefers. And as a result, Mac gaming is limited to a few legacy open GL games and modern mobile shovelware on Apple Arcade. Apples gaming revenue is not on AAA gaming or dedicated gamers. It in micro transaction mobile games that rake in absolute fortunes. Those kind of games don't care what the graphics API is as they are mostly 2d anyway. Apple is clearly doing extremely well for themselves and I'm not claiming it's a mistake on their part. But as a user who enjoys playing games, MacOS is by far the worst system for it. Linux is leagues ahead now due to proton and Vulkan. The hardware is powerful enough for some gaming on macos but nothing supports it. I can get CSGO and RuneScape running reasonably well but those are almost certainly on OpenGL and not Molten. I think the only significant Molten support has been in the pro video / 3D space. What _is_ the true price of a resource though? You have to ration it out for a certain length of time, but what is the end date? Do we ensure we have supply for 100 years? 1000? I'm not trying to shit on the idea because I think we genuinely need to do something but I can't come up with any rational way to calculate the true cost of limited resources. These aren’t stock images, they are meant to show what the pixel camera looks like. But at google, you can assume these things are all _very_ carefully considered. Usually all google marketing images contain exactly equal numbers of white/black and male/female people. It doesn’t really matter but it does stick out how they are all exactly proportioned in every graphic. It's such a shame because the Macbooks are so close to being the "do everything" machine. I want to sell my gaming desktop because it seems like such a waste to have such an expensive machine sitting there getting used a few hours a week to play games which would run fine on the macbook if it had software support. My hope is that if the macbooks start to take up more of the market, either Apple will cave on Vulkan or Valve will find some way to make proton work. The fact that this user and and everyone reacting to the news and TikTok video are shocked, it shows that simply having a page is not acceptable and that the average person does not expect this to happen even though they agreed to it in the ToS At least the future is online sales which do not need fancy packaging. Although they do often involve an extra plastic shipping bag. I have no idea why, but my 16gb M1 mac is working perfectly for me while my 16gb dell xps with linux was not cutting it. I have no idea why doing pretty much the same thing is using less memory but other people have said this too. There is something to the hype. I have no idea why but I was not doing well at all with 16GB on my Dell XPS on Linux but I'm going perfectly fine with the M1 with a few GB left over. You don't _need_ an air gap. I live in a high rise apartment building which has very soundproof walls. You can be having a full party in your apartment and only get the faintest of sounds from the hallway, and absolutely nothing from inside your own apt . > You can't just make more masters. You can given enough time. Your second point is more likely the real reason. These jobs might seem to pay lots from the outside but if you dedicated the same time to a more boring job like management you very quickly make a lot more money with almost unlimited room to bump your prices. Virtually no one is concerned with the security of card payments on non apple processors. They have been typing their card numbers in to stripe/paypal/etc for years. Only the tiniest % of HN idealists will pay 30% extra to have it go through Apple. Because another company will offer the same product for slightly cheaper now that their fees are lower. Google One already charges you less if you subscribe via web or android. They just haven't been allowed to advertise this fact in the iOS app. I can log in and have been receiving emails so I guess its back now. Meh, In my whole time using it, I have never noticed it down. Even today it seems to be up as I see it now and I did not notice any outage. Email is not a real time system I rely on anyway. As long as they don't lose my data or have it leaked, I don't really care if an email arrives an hour late once a year. I would pay for their vpn service and I would even pay for lockwise if they fixed the bugs. But they don’t sell the vpn in my country and they give lockwise away for free but leave it broken on iOS. Yeah I’m not at all convinced this is the explanation. I just started at a company in Australia where their office isn’t even legally allowed to open yet and they have still seen a bunch of people leave. My hot take is that it’s a few factors. * pent up demand from last year with people not moving out of fear but now feeling certain of the future * remote work opening up a larger selection of companies to work at. * tech companies having record profits and all wanting to expand at the same time. And I feel like #3 is the most important one. They all want mid-senior developers but every other company wants them too so they go in to a bidding war and their wallets are stuffed right now so the bids are huge. This will probably continue until a new wave of developers reaches senior level but by then the market may have failed to predict tech companies growing at an even faster rate than they are now. The worst part is that some workers are being completely left behind and the divide grows greater. Tech jobs have kept up and exploded over inflation rates while retail and gig economy jobs are now paying unliveable rates. IMO there _needs_ to be a complete recalculation of costs of living for the current year and an adjustment of minimum wages to reflect this. One thing to note is that game anti cheats will just lock you out if you are in this mode. It’s the reason that game cheat makers look for exploits in random drivers to load their cheat in kernel space. Or have proper analytics. If a user emails you and says "It crashes after a few hours" rather than feeling bad for them, you ask them what their steam/game id is and you look them up in the crash reporter system and see exactly what happens rather than relying on a few programmer consumers doing the work for you. This seems true of small scale things but companies like google have been able to release good software on the first try. I don't remember it vividly but I used google docs and drive on the first year and I don't remember having a single issue with them and I can't even think of anything it does now almost 10 years later that I would have wanted back then. Personally I have started leaving the camera on because it’s incredibly tempting to just use my phone and tune out with the camera off. I have also noticed that camera off people tend to speak a lot less than those with it on. If I asked users to attach a bug report file, most of them would complain and tell me to stop waisting their time and get the problem fixed. I have many times explained to users that I found their issue in our reporting and have not ever got a negative response. The average user does not give two shits that you can see exactly what line of code their instance of your game crashed at. They want to play a video game and not play find the bug with you. The vast majority of users would not even be as nice as to email you saying there was a crash. They would just immediately complain on twitter or refund the product if it wasn’t resolved without any interaction. Docker is extremely light weight and I wouldn’t have any concerns about running it on an rpi Why does a static site even need hardware? Just drop it on GitHub/lab pages and call it a day. https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/gigachad Agreed, not sure what the use case is. It’s super trivial to switch between messaging apps and it’s not often that you are having a conversation with multiple people over multiple apps at once and even then it’s still manageable. The only thing I can think of is people who do not wish to have the app installed for privacy / open source reasons. And then we would be reading an article about people going off grid because their power cost is 4x average. >If you want to expand your habitable footprint as a state Why is this desirable? You basically just expand every single cost without much benefit and reducing the quality of facilities provided to everyone. The general trend of populations globally is centralization which provides massive benefits. The option is never going to be power or no power. It's going to be paying the connection fee, setting up your own power, or living somewhere already connected. Any proposal for governments to spend more on something should also come with a description of what they should spend less on to compensate for it. Why should urban citizens subsidize a lifestyle choice for others? If you want to live out in the middle of nowhere you shouldn't expect everyone else to pay you for it. The first two are not well solved by Matrix as the default client is far less user friendly than the proprietary alternatives. Storage space might be an issue on very low end phones but these days phones are starting with 128gb of storage which no IM app is close to filling. Mobile OSs are extremely good at sleeping apps and can receive messages while the app is not running at all using notification services. I would say that resource bloat is actually much more of an issue on desktop where you have 10 instances of chrome running and none can be closed while still receiving notifications. I would suggest that in a field that is mostly male, including same sex couples changes the results disproportionately compared to more mixed industries. For me, I convinced my bf to get in to software development specifically because it paid lots of money. What are you basing this on? Seems like a large claim to make about what people are innately attracted to. I remember when I first started using the internet, I would be absolutely fascinated searching up totally boring things and seeing the google search results. Finding a new flash game was the best thing ever. All of the stuff I used to do is still there but it’s boring now. Just like most of the games I used to find fun seem to basic and limited now. Seems to me like there is way too much effort being put in to covid related software that ends up not being useful before it’s even finished. Australia spent millions on a contract tracing app that ended up not providing any value at all. Do we really need digitally signed vaccine certificates when more than enough people have taken the vaccine for it to be widely effective. This sounds like something the market can deal with. If it costs a lot for farmers to set up, they can charge more for products until they are profitable again. They would have been happy and probably continued to never use the touch bar. I find it pretty cool and interesting to look at but I have basically never used it because everything it does can be done via the mouse which I am already using for other task so I never felt it was useful to switch to pressing the touch bar. I think it might be unlikely that we see replaceable flash chips come back as it sounds like the built in ones are insanely fast and likely cheaper as well. There isn't the depth to add face ID. If the notch is a real concern, you can use a setting which adds black bars to the top so it looks like the older macbook Which involved hours of using chemicals to dissolve the glue with a plastic card. It was ranked one of the hardest repairs on ifixit. These days the battery lasts so long you don't have to bring a second battery with you and your laptop could realistically be charged by any phone charger overnight. You also have the option of battery banks. As long as you can replace the battery when it wears out, thats all that matters to the average user. It's certainly a good autocomplete but it can't be used for anything more complex because you just can't trust it. Every now and then it produces an entire function filled with complexity and I think "This looks right but I would need to independently verify everything" and at that point it's easier to write from scratch. It only spits out functions at most 10 lines long. There is very little that could actually be copywritten in a 10 line block. And most of those suggestions are incredibly generic problems like find the distance between two coords. I just tested and mine is showing the charging symbol when plugged in to the 5w iphone brick. Obviously this will be super slow to charge though.