> They pay VAT for sells in your country. It doesn't matter if it's consumer or a company paying the tax, the amount is added to the price. If you want them tax then increase that. VAT is tax for consumers, not corporations. > Why do you feel entitled to profits of the company that isn't based in your country? Because those profits are made from sales in that country, and every physical company selling in that country pays their taxes, just because Internet-based companies can avoid having a physical presence to perform their sales (Amazon still has warehouses), doesn't make them exempt from the same logic. Are you aware that "the government" changes every ~5 years and the majority of recent French Presidents and their parliaments have been on different political spectrums? There is no "they". So what Sarkozy's government was doing was radically different than what Hollande tried to do in the first part of his mandate (he rolled back quickly when he saw it's not making anything better), and it's also different than what Macron is doing. At least the last one is actively trying to improve on tons of things, including what you're bitching about - regulations. You're so far behind. They rebranded Lync to Skype for Business, which at least looked like regular Skype, trying to target younger people, but really sucked. Then they abandoned SfB and now we're on Teams, which imitates Slack and integrates SharePoint and all that shit, but works relatively well even if it's UX is pretty poor, there are bugs and it's cloud-only, contrary to the old SfB. GDPR and the California law inspired by it. And not everyone lives in the US. How much do you think it costs in USD for an app developer in a developing country to create an app, and how much is that $99/year as a percent of yearly income? > but they will still prosecute individual soldiers when they feel like it, e.g. Graner and England for Abu Ghraib, but obviously not for war crimes And were they brought to justice and sentenced for their crimes? No. A sham trial isn't sufficient for war crimes. Don't worry, nobody actually trust the FAA anymore. It will take decades to undo the damage. > The industry was very heavily regulated globally before Chernobyl and Fukushima, but look what happened Gross incompetence and huge design issues 40 years ago on one hand, and complacency+incompetence that required a huge natural disaster to pose a problem, and even then it resulted in less death and destruction than the evacuation, the natural disaster itself or your regular fossil fuel power plant? Not sure that's a good example. I'm sorry, but from a neutral perspective (i'm not American), but what's the problem here? He was(probably still is) a science denier or egotistical ( knew there was an issue but thought it won't impact him during his lifetime). Yes, he deserves for his house to burn down as a lesson, and if he had burned with it it would have maybe taught that lesson to other idiots in power refusing reality. Natural selection. No, the real problem with WordPress is security and code quality of plugins, of which you require a lot. You could have just used the same Hugo version as initially. It's a moving project and yeah, there have been a lot of changes, with some breaking ones (usually for good reason). How so? Incentivising people to help (via PR) is great. It's like incentivising people to donate blood or similar "everyone benefits" scenarios. (Yes, of course, blatant spam doesn't help anyone and is disgusting, I'm talking about in general) How are they different as long as they are not spam? Good contributions are good contributions and help, regardless if there's a crappy t-shirt or not in exchange for them Isn't it worst off? It's a meaningful contribution worse off. Do you take the same stance with people who are paid to make OSS contributions? At this point, as a non-American, i feel like you people accepting to have a credit rating system is ludicrous. It's fundamentally broken, has been exposed multiple times, requires gaming to work in yiur favour ("open a credit card as soon as you can, pay little things with it and pay it off immediately to beef up a good score") and brings nothing to you , the people. For comparison, in France, the national bank keeps a record of all loans anyone has taken. When you apply for a new loan, the bank will check with the national one your history, and decide based on that to lend or not, and inform the national bank of their decision. I suppose Americans can be afraid that "the government" will know their loan history in such a system, but it's not like they can't currently ask and het that information, and they're still more trustworthy than commercial companies that don't care about you ( their clients being banks and companies) or your data beyond their sales. But it's not like anyone on the US would dare to destroy a profitable industry. No, the FBI already said, "antifa" is not an organised group or movement, so you can't label an idea/ideal/goal "terrorist". Seems to work great in the US, where the nutjbobs with guns and "muh free speech" are at the forefront of fighting against democracy and defending the party and officials doing the most to harm it. And even if Google did do the same kind of shit with Android, it has an open source base, and there are distributions ( LineageOS to name one) over which Google has no control whatsoever. > The US Constitution does protect Americans from the federal government, though, far more than almost any Western nation Citation needed. ( And don't forget, there aren't that many federal Western nations, so the entire argument is close to nonsensical) > .com, .net, .org, .edu, and .gov are very much US-based and US-centric TLDs, .com, .net and .org weren't created as US-centric and it's a tragedy they are ( and it's an even bigger tragedy that .edu is US only). .org is widely used around the world though. Check out the Suez Canal, nationalising foreign assets is perfectly fine according to international law ( of course, subject to conditions). And what kind of imperialistic argument is that? A sovereign country managed to get rid of foreign control, nationalised foreign assets that were exploiting their natural resources and shipping off the the profits offshore ( the original concessions being given while Iran was under UK control), and they're the bad guys and deserve a bloody coup? Again, check the Suez crisis, that's not how the world works anymore ( most of the time). India is nuclear heavy, China has a serious nuclear focus and is actively decarbonising, so what are you talking about? Various African countries can be helped to pick/prefer carbon-free energy options. You can check out Drone.io. It's based around plugins, which are basically Docker containers which accept env variables for configuration and a volume with the code (which Drone clones from git). You can easily write custom plugins in any language you want, test them, and run them locally outside of Drone with little configuration. There are way too many CI tools out there, covering myriads of use cases and niches. Jenkins doesn't do anything better than any other tool. The Guardian. They're good quality, have great investigative journalism, and seem to care about things that actually matter ( e.g. environment and climate change, Panama Papers, Snowden, etc.) > There's wire transfers, but those are pricy ($50/transaction is normal Holy crap Americans are getting scammed ( for reference, bank transfers in the SEPA space are free). How the heck did N26 and others fail at such a broken market where the competition is stuck in 1995? Credit cards are rare and pretty much useless in most European countries ( and damn right unusable in the Netherlands for instance). Mortgages and car loans are pretty simple due to heavy regulation ( they have to show the total interest, how much you will end up paying in interest over the lifespan, etc.), what's there to learn about them? Air France at least explicitly warn you that it's to you to check entry requirements and you're on your own if you don't fit them. And do you read Islamists propaganda and "like" videos or photos of Islamist-inspired violent crimes ? That kind of matters, and its what one could call context and premeditation. I didn't watch the video because i don't want this type of nonsense in my viewing history and because the premise is inherently flawed. Socialism means something, and Nazi Germany and the NSDAP don't fit any of the criteria. Did the workers own the means of production ? Did the NSDAP even remotely move in that direction? No and hell no. The NSDAP worked closely with industrialists ( which helped finance their rise to power), destroyed unions, etc. Having a few national programs ( Volkswahen, the Autobahn, etc.) doesn't mean socialism. They were as socialistic as horses are fish. Yeah, they have two eyes, but that's about it. That's complete and utter bullshit. Germany's social programs ( including pensions and workers' insurance ) date back to Bismarck, decades before the Nazis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_Socialism_(Germany) > As is well known, the Nazi state was not friendly, at all, to capitalists (in fact this was one of the main supposed problems with the Jews. Early on the enemy was "Jews and Bankers". Not exactly laissez-faire rhetoric ...) You might want to check out who bankrolled Hitler's rise to power ( industrialists like Thyssen) and what happened to them once he was in power ( they gained a lot of money ). > Like it or not, people were literally burning their neighbors alive in Cyprus and entire west was watching. They've been in peace for 40 years now because of Turkish intervention. Cyprus war ended 46 years ago. "in peace" about as much as the Korean peninsula is at peace. Turkey is illegally occupying Northern Cyprus, and that's it. It's not at war with the actual Cyprus, but you can't pretend everything is even remotely fine. Turks were brutally removed from most of the lands they brutally installed and settled themselves on. Population exchanges like after the Greco-Turkish war should have been done with all neighbors to avoid such nastiness in the future. Okay, Mosad hunting Neo-Nazis and Nazi apologists. The costs and risks involved in large scale power generation facilities isn't really fit for private companies and market competition. And when you add a market element to it, companies might cut corners to increase profits ( or minimise losses), and you certainly don't want that. Don't forget stuff like Chernobyl that drained the budget. That and the fact they had like 5 years of a head start. Far behind in terms of popular usage maybe, but IMHO it's far more advanced features-wise and it's probably more popular in enterprises. It's probably hosted in AWS' London region, so at least geographically it's within the borders of the country. I heavily disagree here. Python is a very flexible language that allows you to do all sorts of things, even if there's a preferred, pythonic way. Reading it can be very hard depending on who wrote it ( it's even worse if the person is very good with Python, because then they'd take non-obvious shortcuts ) Case in point, Golang. One of its raison d'être is because Python was too complex to control and make readable, hence a language that doesn't give you much choice and enforces good practices ( refusing to compile when you have unused variables or imports for instance). How is using AWS or Azure's managed RabbitMQ service lock-in? You can easily switch to someone else's managed service, or roll your own, since it's still just good old RabbitMQ. Out of the loop, didn't know reCAPTCHA became paid. After a quick Google search I can only see that the Enterprise version is paid,but v3 isn't. Can one still use v3 and not pay for Enterprise? Or post it on Reddit or Medium or whatever if you can't be bothered with a blog. Twitter "threads" need to die. But nobody would pay for it if there was zero or not enough to convert trial users content, so they needed lots of it to engage and keep users. > I do also appreciate the so-called experiments by the Chrome team, but my gripe is that they are implemented directly instead of hiding it in flags IIRC all of them start as flags, and there are tons of them available, most disabled by default. Most move up to stable and enabled by default after some time and testing and feedback though. > several European governments said that masks were not useful for ordinary people, For the very simple reason that there weren't enough masks for the people that needed them ( medical personnel), and the last thing you wants in such a scenario is for the public to freak out and fight over the already non-existing stocks. Plenty of governments were too slow to react ( with lockdowns/limitations, or planning), but to say all Western leaders failed is simply wrong. As someone who has eaten vegan pizza, no, it's not, it's an abomination. Just make a veggie/vegan lasagna instead... There is already implicit political control. If the US wants to ban X, or forbid encryption, it will impact almost everyone on the planet. Much less so if it were Afghanistan, of course. The EU has a funs that donates money and runs bug bounty programs for critical FOSS software it uses. It should be expanded to include more underlying libraries and lower-level projects, but it's a pretty good start and doesn't come with strings attached. Apples to Oranges. Google replicate and have roughly ~ 3 copies of your data, your 1TB hard drive does no such thing, has zero redundancy, isn't available from your phone, can't automatically backup photos from it, etc. That's just wrong and archaic. > You need to maintain the system and manage the full life cycle Do your vendors maintain your systems? Maybe, if you pay them well enough. > You need testing Because "enterprise" software is bug free. Just because someone sells you software and pretends they test, or even if they do actually, you still have to test in your environment. > You pay for all of the above Yes, either in manhours of employees or cash to a vendor. > There are very,very,very few world-case FOSS projects around (like: redis, clang, elasticsearch, linux, ...) that maintain themselves on an enterprise-quality level, so be prepared to upstream a lot of bugfixes yourself There are many more, and even stuff like Hashicorp's projects are at a better level than say Atlassian's crap in terms of "enterprise quality". > Where there's no money there's no priority Are you under the impression that just because you're a paying customer you're somehow a priority to the vendor? You can tell that to all the people with stuck feature requests or unanswered/unfixed bug reports. At least with FOSS you can actually take a look yourself if nobody else wants to. You're missing the fact that the M1 Macbooks are barely usable for anything else than browsing ( no Docker, no Adobe suite, etc.) and are the first generation. If they were too expensive even fewer people would risk buying them. As for build quality, have you actually used and seen a recent premium Dell or HP? The difference in quality is minimal. > Having build and push as part of the same job is frustrating and I view it as a sign that a CI system is built with the expectation of having everything happen post commit by shoveling money into a CI auto-scaler No, the idea is to build and push images you can test directly afterwards in the same conditions. With cache and such, build times shouldn't be too long Gitlab CI just runs shell commands, it's pretty trivial to pull the same image its using in the job, and run the same commands locally. If you have long CI times, that can hinder development productivity and should be improved as much as possible, or a local replica of the CI needs to be created. > And the government is currently passing a law that will allow the police to arrest anyone filming their intervention (journalists included That's blatantly wrong. Only if bthe intent is to harm the police officers, as explicitly stated in the law, and an amendment specifically excludes their police ID number from the protection. I'm sorry, but how on earth is the jedi contract any sort of meter for anything but the needs of the US DoD? Do you need what they need? Does anyone actually? Do they even bloody need it? GCP have no special government cloud service, unlike Azure and AWS, but they're more advanced in some niches ( containers, ML). Anecdotally i've never heard of anyone saying anything positive about Azure besides "it came with credits". Fundamentally it's an inferior platform due to less redundancy ( all AWS and GCP regions are composed of multiple zones, that's usually not the case with Azure, and as we saw a few months ago, even their whole auth is hosted in a single DC... Disgraceful) How so? With Google Cloud Run, you don't really interact with Knative or Kubernetes, so the underlying platform is a non-issue. "vote with your wallet" would say some purists. Wordpress hosting is expensive and overkill to do on AWS if you do it traditionalally. Add simply static or a similar plugin, whip up a script to upload the static HTML to S3, set up Cloudfront with good cache, and you're done. Your site is faster, more secure, cheaper and can easily run on a t3.micro for peanuts. Only gotcha is comments, but it's a solved problem ( disqus or any of the alternatives) and similar. Not really, it's Google's multiplatform, but mobile-first framework ( iirc desktop and web are still in beta and alpha respectively). Slightly different than React, which was web-first ( so JS, obviously) and then came to mobile. > It's really disappointing to see that Microsoft, of all companies, seems to have no interest in writing a native Win32 client for its own service And another one for macOS, and another one for Linux distros. Teams would have never become as popular if it was Windows-only, and doing frontend code 3 times for some slight advantages in speed and resource utilisation is textbook waste of money. And a tool like that doesn't get any advantage from Rust - manual memory management would just be a chore with no benefits, and Go's crypto library is pretty good ( no idea about Rust's) > it's worth mentioning that MCAS had nothing to do with flying the plane, only making it feel more like the 737NG to its human pilots Not entirely true, the original issue is that the engines are bigger and the center of gravity is moved forward ( because the 737's are too low), thus the planes tend to stall. MCAS is there to correct the stall so that they feel more like 737NGs, but the issue is forcing bigger engines on an obsolete design. Ubuntu LTS has a long-ish support period (5 years and 5 extra years on top for "extended security support") and isn't that different than Debian, just slightly ahead in some ways ( did you know that Debian's OpenSSH even in the latest stable, ships without options available since mainline OpenSSH 7.2 ( Include), while being on 8.2?). Oh please, you can't be serious? First, that $1200 server costs fixed money upfront, and then you pay per month for colo, and for internet, which usually includes a fixed bandwith cap or limits, with bursts which you pay for. So no, it's not fixed. Second, a server you have to maintain, harwdare and software-wise, is much more complex, and takes much more time, than a managed service. You want a database? Install it yourself, maintain it yourself, backup it yourself, monitor it yourself. And same with everything else. Third, there's zero redundancy in your "setup". If you want it with the most basic redundancy, you triple the costs (second server, extra networking equipment, etc.). Fourth, geo redundancy/distributedness? Please. Good luck if you have someone far away who wants to visit your site. Fifth, let's say you need to scale. Like, you get 10 more users today than you did yesterday, or you get featured on HN or Reddit or local news or whatever. F. You're looking at months and a lot of cash, upfront. "A big collection of bare-metal hypervisors" makes sense in some cases, but don't pretend it doesn't come with a non-negligible time spent maintaning it and requires significant upfront capital and man hours to do the same you get easily on a public cloud platform (databases, message brokers, object storage, etc. etc . etc. etc. etc. etc.). No it's not. In France companies pay ~1.5-2x gross salary in total, gross going to the employee ( some of it getting deducted by the state), rest going for health insurance, taxes, etc. > What struck me about all this is that Google doesn't actually have the ability to develop real desktop application. That's really weird, why wouldn't they want to have the best performing, most powerful applications possible on the desktops? Because they can't. Google as an organisation doesn't have the mental capacity and patience to do real desktop programs. Because it's a waste of very expensive time to develop native desktop apps in 3 different platforms? It's mobile first, desktop and web versions are in alpha, and it's not supposed to replace generic web apps. Retaliation for a cyber attack, with cyber attacks, sanctions, or military operations could set a dangerous precedent. Don't forget that the US and allies have been behind many cyber attacks, including against Russia and China ( and probably were involved with Stuxnet against Iran). Do you want Russia, China, Iran, etc. to retaliate against US cyber attacks? Because that's how you get an escalation. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyberwarfare_in_the_United_S... That's why GDPR includes personal liability for DPOs(Data Protection Officers) and chief executives, and requires the company have a DPO with no conflict of interest ( e.g. working under the CEO with bonuses based on stock price). > This discussion ( https://youtu.be/Q9s6YggbTk4?t=65 ) with Azerbaijan president summarizes really well Western democracy (or hypocrisy or lets invent a new name capitalocrisy Since when are Google, Microsoft, Apple, Mozilla examples of "Western democracy" ( as if that is some monolithic entity..)? They are private companies, and can do as they like within the legal frameworks they operate in. Of course everyone is impotent taking actions against big, powerful, rich, heavily armed, strategically important countries. Who can say anything to China, and even more mundane - Saudi Arabia, Turkey, ffs, USA, UK, France, etc. and try to impose it? War is out of the question ( your population would probably be against it, and attacking nuclear powers isn't really a good idea; for the non-nuclear powers, they're still heavily armed, so you're still looking at a costly military affair), and economic sanctions will probably be more crippling for your country than them, and will probably strengthen their dictators' position ( country X is our enemy and doesn't want us to succeed!). The UN isn't the world police, and can't be. It's based on all countries participating together, and complying to rules set together. The consensus can't work against countries with veto powers ( but they wouldn't have joined otherwise), or against dictators that don't care or can find a workaround/allies that will support them anyways, thus making UN decisions impossible or inapplicable. What do you think can any world leader do? Would you support your country, whichever it is, going to nuclear war against China to free the Uighurs and kill millions in the process? Would your fellow co-citizens when that means a crash of the economy, massive job loses, serious lack of all sorts of products, not to mention all the dead and maimed soldiers? If you think a trade war might work, it probably won't, and would still heavily impact the world's economy, with countries with debts to China and Chinese-operated companies/infrastructure being caught in the crossfire. Be realistic. The only thing that can stop China is China itself. > The network effect is real, but it is not the only effect. Twitter and other tech giants now think that their role is to protect the world from information they deem wrong Do you have any examples of anything "they" "deemed wrong" which wasn't factually wrong? And not "alternative facts" bullshit, regular, proven facts. Is the person you're responding to wrong? You can't just slap a conspiracy label as if that somehow makes what they said wrong It's not that hard to achieve, but the people with the power to do so have no interest. Set fixed spending caps on candidates and parties, or maybe even make their budgets government provided ( so that everyone is on an equal footing), criminalise spending over it and gifts to politicians and family members, and you're decently covered. When was that? Today the waiting time announced is 12-18 months, and personal experience, even with Covid and two lockdowns it took a bit more than a year. It depends. In France, most of the terrorist attacks were committed and planned by radicalised first or second generation "immigrants"(or descendents thereof). They don't feel French, they don't feel like the origin of their parents/etc. so they pick religion. > When transport leader Alstom decided to acquire Canadian transport bombardier , EU refused and forced Alstom to permanently shut down one it’s factory and terminate all workers to accept[1] Your own source says they're forced to sell one of their factories to a competitor to even out the playing field, not shut it down. Considering the future merged Alstom-Bombardier has a near monopoly in most EU markets, it makes sense to force divestment. Git LFS has been a thing for years. Git LFS can do that. Mailing lists are terrible to search through and navigate, at the very least. GitHub and Gitlab also implement some nice features such as auto-suggest ( to check if the subject has already been discussed) and smart linking. > Been dying to get back to a high quality RTS. Check out Paradox Interactive's games, they have one for most interesting time periods and are pretty entertaining. > When I'm retired, I don't want to be broke and penniless and I certainly wouldn't be thinking that the free healthcare I received was worth the amount I was scammed. > On what planet is healthcare worth many millions of dollars? It's not worth it. You're better off by any calculation in the US. Substantially so. You're missing pensions, which EU countries have, which mean in most cases you won't find yourself broke and penniless when you retire. And work hours, which are substantially less. And vacation time, which is literally multiple times more ( 5 weeks paid minimum in France for instance), and "unlimited sick time" ( it's sick there's even such a concept in the US). What good are your millions if you have to wait to retirement to actually use them, being too busy working 60 hour weeks? Or having to go into work sick? Or ffs, after the birth of a child? > It is hard to beat the economies of scale of a restaurant, as much as the "you only need to factor the cost of raw food" camp like to tell otherwise I'd be interested in seeing your math on the subject, and it probably depends on location and at what rate do you "bill" your time, but restaurants have a lot of overhead ( property, staff, taxes) that offsets economies of scale. Even without going all-in with cheap foods ( like rice or potatoes), I can't imagine eating out in similar quality and quantity being cheaper than cooking it yourself ( again, depending on how you count your time spent). Of course McDonald's cheapest items will be cheaper than making yourself lobsters, but that's not really a fair comparison. The difference is that usually ( certainly in the case of Paris) there's plenty of very affordable housing available in the suburbs with good transport connections to the city and some other suburbs. Housing is expensive in the city and some nearby suburbs ( mostly to the west and southwest), but less so the further away you are. Thanks to the RER train system even far away suburbs, with cheap or cheapish housing aren't that far away - e.g. i have colleagues with houses ( with big yards and two stories) in the 200k euros range south of Paris, in fancy-ish suburbs, and are 40-50 minutes from the office ( i live in a suburb right next to the city and i travel entirely by subway, and it takes me 50 minutes, because the subway is much slower). Depending on what you want though, it can indeed be very expensive - e.g. if you want an apartment in the city to profit from the night life ( after 1am the transport to the suburbs is only with buses and much slower), it is going to be very expensive to buy. And that's just for "regular" people. Each city in France is required to have a minimum percentage of social housing, to which you can have access ( including to buy) if you're below a certain threshold of income ( so on minimum wage, you're there). > It seems the average Big Mac meal is $6 these days. It provides approximately 1,000 calories, and the average person needs approximately 2,000 per day, so we'll assume you'll need to order two. That puts the food costs at $12 per person Yeah, i assumed so. Eating Big Macs is... let's say suboptimal. If you eat only that, you'll probably have all sorts of health issues. When counting actual food, fresh and with vegetables and all that, it's slightly more expensive than Big Macs. Around here, cheapest option for a decent actual meal is ~8-10/eur/person. > The average cost to install a kitchen is around $60,000 Seriously? In France fancy kitchens are at 10k, "starter" ( recommended if you're going to let or for first buy) are at 2k, everything included. I guess if you start from $60k, you need to cook quite a bit more to make it financially viable. And that's if you have close to no dietary or allergic restrictions. > Citymapper is so much better in Paris where Google Maps is very poor for public transport. I'm extremely impressed. > It can not only tell you which exit you need to take (extremely important in Paris) but also which car to board to be the closest to the proper exit or line change Google Maps has been doing both of these for at least a year now. > Multimodal routing is also extremely impressive. They properly implement the city bike sharing system including how much bikes and empty spots they are available at each station That one is pretty cool. If only the service wasn't massacred and rendered almost unusable :( ( used it regularly but had to buy a bike due to how often there would be broken bikes or bugs in their system. I think they lost a lot of customers with the provider switch, it was a complete disaster for more than a year and still isn't great). > The vaccines seem to be causing serious side effects. People are going into anaphylaxis (at higher rates than usual) with the vaccines. Bell's palsy, 105 degree fevers... This isn't like the annual flu shot, or getting vaccinated for measles, where you get the shot and that's it. Source? I'd had heard about very rare allergic reactions, but all the rest is news to me. How can people like you still exist and persist with their narrative of downplaying the pandemic? Is it "stealing" if its something unused and actually needed for basic life and decency by other people? > The first major VMware version which does not support the installable desktop client has a plenty good enough HTML5 version of the web client That's false. The old thick client stopped working with 6.0, which got a very poor, limited and extremely buggy HTML5 client in one of its latest updates. 6.5, latest update, has a somewhat usable but still limited ( missing features) HTML5 UI ( funnily enough some new features were only in the HTML5 UI, while some others were only in the Flash version). The first version that had a fully usable for everything HTML5 UI is 6.7 Update 3, which came out a few months ago. > Based on the average post you see on Hackernews, it's a virtual certainty he means "snooping on users of a program". I can't explain why, but it just bothers me that this would be considered so obvious as to escape mention. "Telemetry" means something, and it meant something to aerospace engineers for a long time before somebody at google started using it to refer to something incredibly narrow. Did you even read the post? It's obvious OP works at Datadog ( they mention it and mention the work is for their employer), so telemetry as in OpenTelemetry ( the new standard around metrics, traces and logs). > Then, on Jan. 20, the head of a Chinese government's expert team finally declared there was no doubt about "human-to-human transmission So the statement is true? It wasn't until the 20 of January that Chinese officials officially confirmed there is human to human transmission? How do you propose to do advanced dynamic and realtime graphing without a lot of JS? Adobe did. Dreamweaver, Animate kinda try to do the same It's a very different type of lock in. Chrome is based on the open source Chromium anyone can adapt ( sand said competitors, like Microsoft, do), and the vast majority of what it does is based on open standards. If tomorrow Google does something stupid with Chrome, like cutting off adblockers, you can bet your ass there are going to be at least 2 forks within a week. When Adobe did something stupid with Flash, you had and have zero options. Not OP but eBPF, Android ( phone, TV, auto) and iOS, ChromeOS, VS Code, Go, Swift, Powershell ( it's a terrible piece of software but a vast improvement for Windows), virtualisation, public cloud platforms ( virtualisation at huge scale with APIs), the Hashicorp stack, ZFS, LXC and later Docker, Kubernetes, Redis. Really? I've had no problems with regular Visa and MasterCard debit cards, while at the same time the in the Netherlands non-Maestros are barely accepted outside of ATMs, even in huge stores ( that's gotten better in the last 2-3 years). > France's naval forces are kinda weak and don't have power projection capabilities What do you think the Charles de Gaulle, Mistrals and FREMMs are for? As another person responded - based on your income and situation ( family, age, stability of the job) and very basic loan history ( stored at the central bank, basically for the lender to know if you have outstanding debts and if you've defaulted on loans before) Well until the issue is resolved you can't know how long you've been down for, so you can't actually update the uptime. > Signal is pretty indistinguishable from WhatsApp, FB Messenger, even the default SMS app. What about the UX specifically bothers you? That's part of the problem, all those you listed have poor to terrible UX and are just not great chat clients, Telegram is just better - in terms of speed ( compared to FB Messenger), features such as location sharing("where are you?", "Next to Restaurant XX " or "On the corner of A and B street" sucks, you can just share precise location via Telegram - a friend even sent me the location of a beautiful lake while on vacation because i was going in the area soon after), polls ( great for groups), message editing, search, stickers, gif integration, bots. I've used FB Messenger and Whatsapp extensively and Telegram is absolutely much better than both of them. > We have delivered "democracy" to many countries, whether they want it or not And that hasn't worked out well anywhere for the past what, 60 years? Considering the British had a huge colonial empire, the US had brutal segregation, rampant anti-Semitism ( so much so they refused ships with Jewish refugees and sent them back to their death in German occupied Europe) and eugenics experiments, and the USSR( the third main country in the Allies, mostly by necessity, but nonetheless) was pretty much as violent to their minorities as the Nazis were... What could any of them say without being blatantly hypocritical? In theory, yes, but in practice, especially in Google's case, that won't work. YouTube could probably survive on its own ( due to the astronomical costs associated we can't be sure unless Google share more numbers), but no other part of Google's consumer-oriented services, and even some of their business oriented ones ( G Suite/Workspace/whatever it's called this week) can't be profitable, ever, and are only subsidised by data at scale and ads. How would you split Google into entities that won't go bankrupt within a year? ( And you wouldn't want that because it would piss off people and would help the cause of the anti-regulation and anti-government uneducated people). Maybe GCP, Android foundation, YouTube, rest of Google could work, but the "rest of Google" is still too big and too powerful. Forcing them to open their data and platforms ( e.g. allowing other ad networks to access Google's tracking data and to serve ads via them) could diminish their monopoly, but it could also diminish their profits and force them to cut some less profitable parts of the company even more ( and that might be good). Same thing with Facebook, just a bit easier - splitting off Instagram and Whatsapp will absolutely improve things, but the remainder is still to big and powerful. Twitter is even worse, you can't split anything. Anti-monopoly laws and frameworks need to be updated for the modern world, because the logic that worked for physical assets, sales and infrastructure ( e.g. the US split oil companies and telcos along physical lines) no longer works for Internet companies. Regulations ( to combat fraud, etc), to be able to process chargebacks? > jumping on this thing to milk it to it's full extent and amplify its negative aspects and blow it way out of proportion. Just like the same power structures were last year used to amplify the "positive" message of certain other protests. Armed people stormed the US Capitol, after being incited to do so by the current US President, in order to overturn a legal election result. People died as well. You can't "blow this out of proportion" the same way you can't blow something like Chernobyl out of proportion - it was huge, it has huge ramifications, it impacts a lot of people. There are zero positive aspects and there's nothing redeeming in the whole story. > First, Parler gets kicked off because "They host violent, imminent threats". Never mind the sheer scale of terrorist groups organizing on Facebook, Twitter and enjoying free high quality encryption thanks to Whatsapp What's with all the whataboutism here? Can you honestly not see the difference? One is an echo chamber of hate with a lot of calls to violence and support thereof, and the platform does nothing about it. The others have shittons of shit ( cat videos, porn, ads, anti-vaxx bullshit, etc) and hate and calls for violence, which are moderated ( not nearly good enough). Apple explicitly asked Parler to come up with a moderation plan or get booted of their store, and they didn't. Twitter, Facebook, Google heavily moderate and ban all sorts of hate-related content. > Tomorrow, will it be okay to point a finger at any individual and have the equivalent of mass economic sanctions destroy their ability to be a part of society because they disagree with the broad interpretation of "values" these tech companies arbitrarily decide? I don't know why you've suddenly decided that if doing X to Y is okay today, doing X to Z will be as well tomorrow. That's not how regular people work in most cases, and if tomorrow "SV"( if you're so intent on throwing them all together, as if they aren't composed of many people at different levels ( employees, managers, CxOs, shareholders) in different countries, with varying political affiliations or views) decide to deplatform something people disagree being deplatformed, people will complain, same as what people are doing together to defend the hate speech spewing fascists on Parler. Check out the paradox of tolerance and Goebbels's thoughts on the matter: https://alphahistory.com/nazigermany/goebbels-on-the-reichst... Whataboutism. The facts are, the most recent US presidential election was not stolen, as confirmed by judges, experts, people in the administration, bipartisan states. It's ridiculous to claim that it was "stolen". That has absolutely nothing to do with elections where there is actual doubt and irregularities, and where people can rightly say elections were "stolen" or influenced or cheated. The problem with that, as always, and one of the main reasons why there are rarely details about bans like these, is fake/illicit/malicious accounts. If someone with a Facebook bot farm gets detailed reasons for the ban of his bots, he can improve them next time around based on the newly gathered information about banning and rules. > But North American companies in my experience also give you more freedom and resources and scope to work on your ideas, and better work-life balance while you do it Any source on that? That's literally the first time i'm hearing anyone say North American companies provide better work-life balance than European ones. OECD average work week disagrees with you, i'm not aware of other sources on the subject. > Except that, in Europe, most (if not all) forms of "equity" are proportional: your title, your salary, your ability to decide, etc. It's funny that you completely missed the point ( i think the other person is making). What about time off? Pension? Parental leave? Medical costs? Way of life ( as in, work stops at 6pm or 7pm or whatever, and then it's your free time; weekends are usually off limits; you don't have to own a car and waste hours in traffic depending on where you live, etc.) Furthermore, the rest of what you said is painting hundreds of thousands of business across more than 30 countries with the same brush. I work in a European company, and it's nothing like that. You shouldn't generalise like that. One case at a shitty former-public-becoming-private company. Not really applicable everywhere. Anecdata. I work in France, and pre-pandemic everyone could work remotely, and we had full remote people as well. Lunches are sacred, and going to lunch with colleagues to a restaurant ( every day) for at least an hour is the norm, even if some people prefer to bring their own food and eat at the office. I start and end work whenever i want ( i try to make the required 35 hours weekly but don't keep rigorous track). I get 35 days paid vacation, can take sabaticals of up to a year, renewable for one more year, and if i start a business i can take a year off work ( salary and position are kept) to see if it works. There's paid maternal and paternal leave. I can't be fired tomorrow unless for a big error on my part. If i get called outside of office hours, i get paid extra (double extra on Sundays or holidays). ( That's labour law) See why you can't make huge blatant overgeneralisations? I don't know where you live, but in France there are plenty of Apple ads. Some are run by third parties ( e.g. telecoms advertising you can get the latest iPhone with them, mostly in the form of a huge Apple ad with a small logo of the operator actually advertising ) but most are not. > Googletagmanager/analytics is everywhere, it doesn't deserve to be, it doesn't need to be You might not care, but probably most people publishing any sort of content online want to know who visits it ( from where, mobile or web, what numbers, when, etc.). The easiest way to achieve that ( considering there's shared hosting and that most people who care about those numbers aren't the people who installed whatever software runs the site, or developed it. The average website runs wordpress ) is via Google Analytics. The difference is tiny as long as you stay on similarly featured apps. I thought the same, but after trying Telegram i disagree. * editing messages * pinning messages * small things like polls ( great for group chats ) and location sharing * great API and bot framework ( awesome for public chats, and it can also be integrated for personal use ( e.g. i get a Telegram notification when someone enters home, and when my blog or VPN are down) Taxis exist today even if a lot of people own cars, there'd still be uses for them ( e.g. when flying somewhere, you won't bring your car) > Sec/ops doesn't normally involve looking at live network capture snapshots all day. ("Eyes on glass" monitoring exists, but that's not for common services) You're not distracting people from spotting exfil No, but if the people on call are being drowned in alerts because everything is down due to the DDoS, an alert saying there's anomalous traffic ( if it's even capable to detect that during a DDoS, when all traffic would be anomalous depending on infrastructure) could be easily missed. > The customer was running Red-Hat Enterprise 5.0, and it was going to stay that way as long as Red-Hat would be willing to support it. Making the migration when RH stop supporting it extremely complex and expensive, instead of iterating. That's funny, i thought about making just that, but there area already a bunch of sites ( planeapotters, flightradar, etc.) which contain the data, so a dedicated website would add little value. I might still make it, especially if more airlines decide to "rename" it ( e.g. Ryanair with their 737-9200). It's 30% of profit, not income, so more akin to someone taking 30% of your savings or "fun" money. > And I'd personally much rather have this small group of people outletting their anger onto the internet instead of IRL IRL they're limited physically to whoever they can reach; online they can make their hate travel the world ( point in case, there were QAnon related actions in Germany ! If the Q people had been purely IRL that would have never happened) The negatives of Flash are: * closed source * requires ag extra plugin to render * slow * fake sandbox that had too many bugs Flutter has none of these. > I honestly don't know what people are thinking using a free tier for some service provider to run their company Idk, at work we have a pretty big free hosted Gitlab ( across multiple machines and DCs) and there are very little limitations ( which are not worth the price jump from free to pretty expensive) WSB isn't a single, regulated ( brokers are), entity, it's just a bunch of people getting together. The entities that altered the price were notably - the shorting hedge funds and the broker that failed to do its job ( broker trades) in a blatant conflict of interest. > 1) you get locked-in, How do you get locked in? PRs, once merged, are just regular commits. You lose the history and discussion around the PR itself, but that's all, but it's not like any alternative allows you to migrate ( e.g. the abomination that is using email for git collaboration is stuck in unreadable, unsearchable, unindexed emails somewhere; you can copy the data pretty much the same way as from GitHub, but both are unexploitable without a lot of tinkering / adaptation) > I need an option that is limited to $5 a month, with DDoS being their problem DDoS is always their problem. AWS and co always waive charges due to attacks or significant errors on user's part ( e.g. writing an infinite loop that results in a huge bill) > In dev, it's easier to debug without Docker. And in prod, why use a vm inside a vm? On the contrary, it's easier to debug with Docker - it eliminates dangling system level libraries / old dependencies / cache, and everything is self-contained. If you have the problem in dev, you'll have it in prod as well. Docker is not a VM, it's basically a big wrapper around chroot and cgroups, the performance hit is minimal. The advantage is that, again, it's self-contained, so there's little risk some OS / dangling library muddies the waters ( especially in Python that's a great risk -OS level python library installations are a thing, and many a Python library depend on C libraries on the system level, which you can't manage through Python tooling). It's also idempotent ( thus making rollbacks easier) and declarative. > s there a benefit of running Postgres and Django in different containers You can use the official optimised containers ( especially for complex things like Postgres that's great) > By putting them in the same container, things could be a good bit simpler. And I don't see any downside here The downsides are that you get fat containers that are impossible to scale independently ( one day you might want two Django containers, or to set up a replica PgSQL for load balancing, HA, etc.) The version in the official OS-provided repository is often very old, even obsolete. But yeah, just use the Docker provided repository instead, that gets you updates afterwards. > What's the Django/Rails equivalent in Go? Gin-gonic and a few others try to do that job ( and provide the flexibility to plug the missing parts), but a lot of people say the stdlib is sufficient. Depending on the he case, either can work great. You can tell docker or docker-compose to always/on failure/unless stopped restart your containers. Nobody is talking about Docker on Windows or Mac for production use. > It has tepid publisher support, and tepid consumer support, without any inkling that it's growing Recently Ubisoft came on board and all of their recent titles are available on Stadia. Cyberpunk 2077 was reportedly great to play on Stadia, and i've read about a lot of people that got Stadia for it ( there was a promo, pre-order Cyberpunk and get a free Stadia controller and Chromecast Ultra). Those are not pretty significant growth points. > They are firmly placing themselves on specific sides of political, cultural, or ethical divides Since when is public health a political, cultural or ethical issue ? > We'll pay for hosting Will we? Most personal websites i know of, including my own, fit perfectly within the free tiers of Netlify/Vercel/Firebase/S3+CloudFront/GitHub Pages/etc. Plenty of alternatives exist - YouTube Premium ( which also gets you YouTube with no adds, on top of YouTube Music), Amazon Music, Apple Music, and iirc pandora, SoundCloud? I haven't compared prices. How would they be free? A country like Pakistan could just as easily block any service that provides content they deem illegal ( as is the case here) via the ISPs( SNI sniffing, DNS blocking, IP blocking) that can't disagree. If anything, Google and Apple have more leverage than F-Droid or similar because Pakistan can't block them without significant backlash, and needs their cooperation, which is at least debated ( point in case, the article says a few of the apps weren't blocked by Google). And furthermore, anyone can install any apk or app store serving apks on Android devices. Even the definition of basic human rights is disputed. Just check the topics of abortion, access to internet, property, religious freedoms, sexual orientation. In some countries some of those are defined as basic human rights, in others some are outright banned. > allowing you to focus on potential future crimes of Israel You mean active current and historical crimes of Israel, surely? Two wrongs don't make a right, and many people and countries discriminating or massacring Jews historically doesn't excuse Israel's apartheid state, crimes against humanity and international law violations. > someone was hosting a website outside of Pakistan, it would be much harder to take down than just petitioning Google or Apple ISPs are still in Pakistan, so if the country wants, there are a myriad of ways to block a website. Most are preventable, but for the majority of people the site will be effectively blocked. I don't see anything ridiculously loose about that law: > No person may publish, propagate, advocate or communicate words based on one or more of the prohibited grounds, against any person, that could reasonably be construed to demonstrate a clear intention to be hurtful,be harmful or to incite harm, promote or propagate hatred. [65] > The "prohibited grounds" include race, gender, sex, pregnancy, marital status, ethnic or social origin, colour, sexual orientation, age, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture, language and birth Not really. People thought that countries were too interdependent to wage war, but they were wrong and that had nothing to do with the myriad of reasons for the war ( rivalries, historic and current, Russian development (which put Germany waging war on them on a timeline), Austria-Hungary falling apart and trying to compensate, the UK being skeptical of Germany, France wanting revenge, etc etc etc etc) The FAA are the ones responsible for stopping shit like the 737Max fiasco. Yes, Boeing did it, and many people there deserve to go to prison, but the FAA is supposed to be the guardrail ensuring they can't get away with it in the first place. It was an objective failure, and it has eroded the trust in them - point in case, most other aviation regulators did their own checks on the 737 Max before allowing it back to service, which usually doesn't happen ( EASA trusts FAA's ratings and vice versa). Don't you get that with Google One? Never tried the support, but it says there's chat (2-3mn response time) and email support (24hrs or less) > One simple thing I'd really like to see is forbidding companies from terminating service without stating a reason, which seems like a really basic requirement. Once you have that, the next step could be legislating that there has to be a way to appeal service termination In this case Google provided a reason - a ToS violation. If you want to get in the details ( action X on date Y violates ToS section Z), that might be pretty useful to bots and spam accounts ( know which actions get caught and what to avoid), which are probably the vast majority of what is getting banned. > It is of extreme importance that we colonise mars Is it? Such a moonshot ( Marsshot if you will) requires enormous resources, resources which can be better spent to improve the planet we have, and stop the damage we're doing to it. I don't believe all of humanity can move to and sustain on Mars within a reasonable timeframe and budget ( 100 years, tens trillions of dollars). What exactly is the point of doing so? To run away from the mess on Earth? That's a very shit "solution" and a huge waste IMO. What should have they done? Nothing? And what about all the dead piling in the streets and freezer trucks? As long as clerk.dev are compliant, and you make sure of that, yep, you can delegate them data and keep yourself in compliance. Theoretically, but not in the real actual world we live in. Few countries are on 100% renewables/nuclear. > How come the NHS doesn't do this in the UK, I wonder? If I went to my NHS doctor and said I felt fine but asked for a general health-check and blood test they'd tell me to GTFO. WTF, in France you're encouraged to do so, and there are even reminders by (e)mail for stuff like dentist and specific preventive checkups for women. Hugo is great, and they have a section with tutorials on how to host on a bunch of different platforms, so pick the one that you're most comfortable with or seems best/cheapest: https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/ If you have no idea, Netlify is good and with a good free tier. Slightly lower than the chances Go does. It's not the machines, it's the advertisers. If you're paying for publicity, you don't want it next to things anyone might find unsavoury. You don't want your products to be associated with X. Maybe it depends on the Amazon ( i've never gotten a counterfeit or seen what appear to be counterfeit products on .fr). In any case, you know you can return and report if it's indeed a counterfeit. I wouldn't say GitHub is nicer or more polished than GitLab. Both have similar feature set ( GitHub did well to catch up after years of stagnating, with Actions, docker/package repositories, etc) even if GitLab still has an advantage there, good ecosystems ( GitHub has more tools integrating with it than GitLab), and both work and are fully polished. I have the exact opposite experience, and it just works in ~90% of the cases, ~5% being behind a feature gate, 4% behind a paid tier, and 4% bugs. It's easy to manage either via Helm or omnibus packages, and does a ton of things well enough. It still has significantly more features than GitHub. In the same way that people bash the EU for cookie banners, people will bash Apple for extra work on both sides ( developer and user) to comply with new, better rules around privacy. > The UK is, from what I've seen, a really low-paying market for IT and software engineering Healthcare, vacation time and better work/life compensate that ( for some). > French Airbus The what now? Airbus, formerly EADS, is the result of mergers of French, German and Spanish aeronautics companies, and the government owned stock ( iirc ~30% is roughly split between them). HQ in the Netherlands makes sense the same way that entity HQs are in different countries - Germant for helicopters, France for civilian airplanes, Spain for military, with of course the added benefit of taxes. There are plenty of mergers that end up registered in the NL, and plenty of multinationals that do so as well. Don't all browsers cache ( common, like jQuery) js and css stuff locally? Google have a whole website dedicated to that ( what it knows about you), and there are toggles if you want that to be used for ad targeting or shared with third parties. adssettings.google.com People go with what they know, the the LAMP stack was a classic for multiple years. And even today PostgreSQL's HA tooling isn't that great ( one can set up MySQL/MariaDB in active/active in a few minutes, and that's impossible with PgSQL, and even active/passive with easy failover requires more work and oftentimes external tooling). And how is that working out? Last time i checked, the US was leading in violent crime, death and suicide by guns, mass shootings, etc. among developed nations, by a lot . Citation needed. If anything, a lot of nations were subjugated with the help of or by the US. Clubhouse is a startup, what ruthless expansion? A lot of startups cut corners to get to market faster, but this is just inexcusable. No, mask mandates were because masks stop you from inflecting other people if you're sick and don't know it yet by stopping the air you exhale and limiting its range. This is research that wearing a mask actually help you have a lesser form of Covid, entirely independently of propagation. > The big early spikes in Italy and NYC were before masking at all became a thing, even. And the first wave, which triggered the first wave of lockdowns, was all during the time where there were barely enough masks for medical personnel, let alone the general public. Is it not obvious, common sense and proven that masks stop you from spreading the virus if you have it and don't know yet? Are there still people unaware of that? Out of curiosity, where do you live? And you should tell frontline medical personnel that masks don't protect them, they'll be glad your non-conformist ultra intelligent mind managed to figure it out. It's not about needing it, it's about the security of knowing that you have proper redundancy that will work if you need it ( e.g. one goes down) without manual intervention. Funny that Boeing are capable of considering that , but not a single sensor failing and how that might impact a system designed to hide the actual aerodynamics of the plane. Boeing really aren't a good example for anything besides negligence and how to game regulators. First, with GDPR and co, they can't keep their secrets if they get hacked. Second, with such negligence? They deserve to be shut down. This isn't a highly sophisticated zero day exploit, there were multiple huge failure at Solarwinds that allowed the attack to happen. Why would monitoring servers have access to the internet? > of secret management, load balancing, config management, routing, orchestration beyond workloads (e.g. storage), rollbacks/rollouts Nomad does all of these either natively ( rollbacks/rollouts) or via external tooling ( Vault, Consul, a load balancer). Unix philosophy and all that, and besides, Kubernetes doesn't do load balancing, and secret management is a joke. I'm currently working on an article exploring Nomad and how it compares in some aspects with Kubernetes, which i'll post on HN soon-ish. Jaeger is pretty great for tracing, and can integrate with Traefik/Envoy ( or whatever you use for ingress/inter-service communication). We're running Loki for the logs ( via nomad log forwared/shipper and promtail) and so far it's going great. I'll have to do a write-up about the the whole thing. By that logic, Kubernetes does nothing that is offloaded to operators, CRDs, CSI plugins, etc. The fact that you can extend it with extra features and it supports that is kinda doing something. What happens when one of the devices fails? If the docs have examples that cover your use case, which is far from certain. You might like https://www.enforcementtracker.com/ , it's pretty cool to see all the enforcements so far. > News orgs could already block that content if they wanted using robots.txt, but have chosen not to - indeed, they go out of their way to sprinkle Facebook's opengraph and other metadata to make their content more searchable and present better when shared Google is a monopoly on search. You could block it from indexing and it would drastically hurt you and your discoverability. Cutting your hand to spite you kind of thing. The same way you could in theory just not get telephone service or just not buy oil in historic US anti-trust actions. Media sites can't live of the little that trickles to them, and can't live without it either, with some exceptions ( like expensive paywalled editions like Financial Times). Thanking most news sources to piss off Murdoch and stop his crap from spreading might be worth it, for a few days but would be disastrous long term. https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/IP_17_... Here's the EU's fine for them lying about account linking, at the very least. But Apple products are generally extremely expensive ( usually at least multiples of the cheapest equivalents), and that kind of thing doesn't sell well in underdeveloped developing nations, which cover most of Africa. Just look at median income and GDP PPP in China, and any African country. The mere fact that China is actively (kindof) neocolonising multiple different African countries should be telling as well. Maybe we read a different article, but in this one it literally says: > Silver Line in D.C Is the one for which the rules were changed and the one in the process of being built, so that's at least one > It's a little concerning that there isn't more consolidation on industry standards for this yet, though. There is, you can run serverless Docker on GCP, AWS and Scaleway at the very least. I'm on Ubuntu and use the Slack app, which never causes any freezes or anything of the like. The advantages is that i know where it is ( in my taskbar and launcher) compared to it being one of my 500 open tabs, and the taskbar icon shows if i have unread notifications or messages. Furthermore, i can use it with multiple workspaces at the same time. What do you mean turned off? > Cost is the impediment to nuclear, not any sort of safety concerns That's not entirely true, and safety features and regulations are a major part of nuclear's cost. > That molten salt reactor will need to have a negative cost in order to compete with the cost of stored renewable energy Does stored renewable energy come for free? From what i recall, there's still no actual solution to that problem on a big scale. > Like C it has no generics, bad packaging, and is a pain in the ass to cross compile. Go modules are pretty good packaging IMHO. What don't you like about them? As for cross-compiling, are you joking? It's very easy and i literally cannot imagine it being easier. What's painful about it? > The biggest reason why Go modules are a very poor packaging solution is the horrendous stupidity of tying them to source control I think it's actually a great idea. It uses native things you use anyway, avoids an unnecessary third party ( a package repository like pypi), and adds in extra security ( remember those hijacked pypi credentials and pypi-only malicious packages that weren't in source control, so hard to verify?). > This makes it difficult to develop multiple modules in the same repo How so? You can justs use different folders and packages. > requires your source control system to know Go Not really. > it makes internal refactors a problem for all consumers of your code That's always the case - regardless of your package repository, if you change it, you have to update the new references everywhere. You can use go.mod to replace a reference ( e.g. use gitlab.com/me/library instead of github.com/legacy/library) without updating all the code. And then there's the goproxy protocol, which makes all of this optional. I agree on v2 modules, that is very weird. Same with Scaleway's, both just work and are fully free. Some time ago i compared them against the competition and they fared very well even against GKE: https://atodorov.me/2020/06/14/comparing-kubernetes-managed-... I think you're mistaken ( or i'm not understanding you correctly). In a default setup vanilla Kubernetes, you have master nodes which host the master services ( etcd, kube-apiserver, etc. etc.), and worker nodes on the side. With managed k8s, in most cases, the "control plane" ( what normally runs on the master nodes) is run by the cloud host, usually on shared instances ( Scaleway did a talk and it runs on dedicated Kubernetes clusters, in a namespace per client). Indeed, then you're subject to limitations ( e.g. the kube-apiserver for you is limited to 1000 MB of RAM and if you need more because you do X, you're screwed), but that's always the case - if you run your own master nodes, they have limitations as well ( based on instance/server size), just usually higher. There's the added risk that another customer might sature an unlimited resources and impact your control plane. In any case, I haven't hit any limitations with Scaleway's Kubernetes so far and haven't seen anyone talking about having hit one, while this isn't the first time i've heard about Digital Ocean. I don't know if it's due to size or because Scaleway have higher limits. And post delivery is hyper localised, so population doesn't change things much. Smaller countries than Switzerland have domestic arms industries, but that doesn't mean they use military-grade trucks from them for postal services. > Eviction moratoriums in 2021 - a full year after the start of the crisis are nonsensica The US economy is still heavily impacted by the pandemic, and entire sectors are dead or heavily damaged ( e.g. tourism, airlines, etc.). Unemployment is at 6.3%, which is significantly more than pre-pandemic (3.5%). Not to mention all the employed with reduced income ( e.g. restaurant staff, cab drivers etc.). What do you propose should happen to all those that are still un or underemployed ? What is the bigger problem, millions of people on the streets driven to crime, or millions of property owners losing property and/or money? > What are the pros & cons over vanilla s3 Mostly that you aren't bound to AWS IMHO. You can run it on-prem, or in a cloud provider with no object storage service. > That is sufficient for the government's job of taxing income. But not of fighting money laundering. If all income is anonymous, it'd be relatively easy to set up a fake digital-only product and buy yourself lots of it. > I feel like the biggest competition is specific, tailored services from the bigger players - Amazon Lightsail for example. Nope, the biggest competition is in the same niche - Linode, OVH, Scaleway. > But see, this is why I think Facebook was right here. If the stores really didn't want you doing this, they could just not give you a free sample. I'm not sure why the government needs to step in here at all. If you're providing a benefit to the other stores (more foot traffic) than why should they get paid? And if the traffic you are providing isn't good, why should they let you get the free samples Because it's neither here nor there. The traffic that trickles down to news sites is minimal because for a lot of people the title, photo and description are enough, but it's still more than the nothing they'd get if they block Google/Facebook indexing, because most people use the latter for news. Docker Swarm is pretty much abandonware/on life support at best, so one should avoid using it for new stuff. Hashicorp's Nomad is the best choice on the complexity for features scale IMHO, and that's why i'm writing an article how great it is, how easier some things are and what's missing compared to Kubernetes. In France base is 35h/week, 37/39 are frequent with the extra 2-4h hours then available 1:1 as extra vacation time ( RTT, you get hours on top of 35 worked over the year / 7 ( standard work day) of them over the year). I'm currently on 35, might move to 37 ( majority at my company). YAML is horrible, regardless of how its used ( unless for a flat https://noyaml.com/