The problem is not only the existence of such Apps on the store but that they rank so high. Google should know how to give good apps a prominent spot and rank scam apps low. That would solve many problems without censoring or banning anything. Same here. I used to do a lot of Python programming, but moved to Ruby because of Rails. When I had to work on a machine learning paper, I spent weeks looking for a equivalent to NumPy or Matplotlib in the Ruby world, but nothing comes even close! I did this a few weeks ago and tried to use it form a fairly old MacBook. I intended to use RubyMine which had a few minor issues while scrolling. What kille dit for me however was that all short keys would go to my local machine. Since using RubyMine lives from extensive short key usage this setup wasn't an option for me. The nice thing however is that you can also stop your instance and only pay as you go. An achievement system for Pivotal Tracker jumps immediately into my mind. I want achievements for consistent velocity, low number of bugs, PM's who regularly go in and accept stories, etc... Not having any experience with contracts like this, I wonder how this relates to testing. Is this thought to be an addition or an alternative to usual xUnit style and integration tests. Or are these concepts not even related and I am getting it all wrong? I am sure the clock would get all the energy it needs if it were to use Soilent Green instead of flies. If every car is driven sutomatically, cars can be driven much more efficiently, since there won't be any need for stop signs or traffic lights in the current form. Cars can just coordinate that one car slows down a little and one car speeds up a little. The only reasonfor card to stop will be pedestrians. Of course I assume that there will be only driverless cars. I am fairly sure that human driven cars will be illegal in less than 20 years. Most accidents will be caused by human driven cats which will lead to a ban. I also predict that the US will be one of the last western countries to ban human driven cars The author points that SFO is not using the TSA. Having used SFO often, I have to say that I sadly would have never guessed that. So I think not using TSA is not going to be a competitive advantage, as long as the private companies are indistinguishable from TSA. Actually, if everything is just the same anyway, I'd rather them do it instead some random private company who is in it for the cash. Nothing makes me more upset than corrupt cops. Obviously the off-duty cops got away with speeding because cops don't give tickets to other cops. That's the real scandal. Corrupt cops undermine the entire legal system, which is much worse than anything any terrorist could ever hope to achieve. They should be treated accordingly! Exactly! My point is that real scandal for me is that apparently most cops won't give other cops a speeding ticket, which enabled the speeding and killing of 20 people in the first place. Yes I am. (-; I like it that for me beer o'clock coincides with the morning standup! It would be very interesting to see the door. Anything I can think off would easier break the structure of the dome or be awkward. What makes this comparison not applicable is that the interviewed intern said that they were really just adding warm bodies. I am sure Mayer added far more than that. I am afraid that password managers like 1Password will get caught in this. I always use it not only to remember my password, but also to fill in sign up forms with my data. I am sure it would fall for the honeypot and it would be very hard for me to find out what went wrong. I am sure the experience would be incredibly frustrating. It would be very exciting to normalize the Github user numbers by the population in the area they map to. Right now especially in Europe it seems to pretty much seems to map to population numbers of cities. The issue is not the complexity of the taxation system, but the fact that only the US and Somalia tax based on citizenship. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Individual_taxation_system... That's a problem, but it doesn't have anything to do with citizenship. Rather with residency vs. place of work. It's a problem every European country faces (work in France, live in Germany for example) and still none of them motivate their citizens to abandon their citizenship when they live abroad. I am a German living in the US and I have no downside of being a German citizen. As a green card holder the only thing that I cannot do is vote. It would be nice to become a US citizen one day, but given the huge downside of the tax burden if I ever decide to ant to live somewhere else for a while is a big deterrent for me. It's more like using a very good screw driver instead of a swiss army knife that does an OK job at everything. Yes there is no rule that one tool has to work for everything, but there is a rule in Agile that you should push off making assumptions about the future as far as possible, because you will never know less than right now There was actually a pretty good article about the Denisova human in one of the recent National Geographics. One of the researchers mentioned in the article made a similar point, that for him the most likely indication of the Desnisova find is that we currently are separating into sub-species where there aren't any and that what we are finding are differences between individuals and not new sub-species. I wonder when/if that will be the established view and some of these species will be consolidated. I would be rather surprised if MS used PHP and not ASP I am very shocked to hear this. He was one of the greatest actors of our time. In addition I find the controller to be one of the worst parts of Rails. The input comes in form of some magical methods that are available (params, request) and the output happens partially by setting instance variables and partially by calling render. How could anyone ever think that's a good idea? I don't understand why he has to equal TDD with the mockist approach to TDD without clarifying he is talking about the mockist approach and not TDD in general. Pivotal Labs for example is obviously a huge proponent of TDD, but has been historically been opposed to hesitant towards true, isolated, heavily stubbed and mocked unit tests. That makes me wonder if he just doesn't have a differentiated enough view of TDD or if he omitted that on purpose to get more attention. I am also not sure which answer is would be more disappointing. Don't get me wrong, I am pretty happy with Rails in general. I just think that the way controllers are implemented seems just totally random. Another, possibly worth, part are lifecycle callbacks on AR models. Those are just a huge invitation for confusion and trouble down the road. The dungeon situation is worse than that. I actually was very unhappy with Windwaker at the time because it was too easy. I loved the sword fights against the knights towards the end, but there were only a handful of those. So I already was upset about that. However, than I read that Miyamoto had said that the two dungeons had already been completed, but they were too hard and the game got too long and he wanted everyone to finish the game. I can not overstate how I upset I was when I read that. Having grown up in Germany and now living in he US since many years gives me an interesting perspective on this. I am used to an environment that's filled with history like this. I remodeled a 300+ year old house! I find that everything being new in the US makes you feel like you can truly change the world and accomplish anything you want. Being in Europe where most buildings have been around since forever makes you feel small and I find it comforting in a way to have my life put into perspective like that. Iceland had a even stronger impact on me that way because it was so obvious that the land itself had recently (in geological terms) been created and can destroy whatever you do as a human or at least make it all insignificant. I found that calming There was a great episode on radiolab about this: http://www.radiolab.org/story/317421-blame/ On segment of the show is about a man whose self control is impacted due to some mental disorder. The question is: Should he be treated more leniently because it's not his fault, but his brain's? The conclusion, that I have to agree with is: Of course not! You ARE your brain. The Internet is a crucial part of our infrastructure and a important backbone of our economy. If there is any indication that someone like Verizon in this case is tempering with it intentionally, they should be charged with terrorism. This is no different than someone going out and sabotaging Hoover damn on purpose. In fact it's worth! I also never understand why it's seen as so important that real estate prices go up. Statements like "Chinese-based parents who are funding their children's purchases are helping the Irish property recovery." from the article always baffle me. Isn't it great if real estate is cheap? It means people can afford to live there and spend there money on other things and keep the economy going that way. I certainly prefer that over what's going on in SF. I understand that often times people will take out mortgages against there houses if the price goes up and that way money goes back into the economy. But in my opinion that's not real money and will only lead to another 2008. >Real estate prices rising means that the people are getting more wealthy. When real estate prices fall, it means that people are most likely getting less wealthy. That uses real estate prices as an indicator for how the economy is doing. However, it doesn't mean the economy gets better because real estate prices are up. This almost reminds me of the backyard furnaces during the great leap forward. Metal output was seen as a indicator of good industry and so Mao had everyone melt perfectly good pots and pans and other stuff to improve the indicator. However, most of the metal was useless and the pots and pans were gone. What the article described sounds similar to me. Housing prices are way up, economy indicator looks great, but people are living on the street. > What you're describing here is called "re-financing", it's a perfectly normal means of borrowing money against your house if you have enough collateral. I've never heard of people doing it so that money goes back into the economy, it's usually to re-invest money into your house like for construction or whatever, and your monthly payment just increases. So the money does go back into the economy. Also: Not all re-financing results in a larger mortgage than before. Some people re-finance to get lower interest rates on the same or smaller principal. The difference between Google stock and a house (if you only have one) is that you need the house, but I have not practical value for Google stock other than it's monetary value. If I sell my house I need to buy another one or rent. So I am happy if my house's value goes up, but only if it's relative to other houses in areas I would be interested to move to, because it would open the option to swap it out for another one that's better or in a location I would prefer. So if real estate prices go up everywhere that wins me nothing. I am rich, but only on paper. Housing being relatively cheap also allows for people with low capital to try out business ideas that they couldn't elsewhere. Berlin in the early 2000s was filled with awesome little shops, restaurants and cafes that would have been impossible in any other comparable city. One of the big reasons was the cheap real estate. Too bad. I hope those will stop linking to Spanish news outlets (especially those who pushed for this) regardless. A few days of that and the law is history. My community might get Google Fiber soon. I still am pretty excited about that, but the more I read about community fiber, the more torn I feel. What does that do? CronWTF doesn't understand it either and that one even has a cat! They didn't mind when they drugged up people in SF as part of MKUltra. I am of the opinion that nothing is worse for a society than corrupt law enforcement of any kind. I am generally against death penalty, but think it should be applied for even minor breaches by law enforcement. If we cannot trust the people who are supposed to keep us save the entire system is broken. Agreed. I would love a 15" tablet for watching movies in bed. I was waiting for over half a year for the next shield and am very disappointed it's a tablet. I liked the original shield because it allows to stream PC games throughout my house, so that I can play them on my couch or in bed. The other awesome thing is playing emulators on the go. With the tablet I can't do any of those properly, because the controller is not built in and I need to have a place to set up the tablet. So I can't play it on the train or anywhere in my house excepts my desk or my dining room table. If you already have a tablet (or 2 in my case) and wanted this as a gaming device, then that's a bummer. It's too bad. Everything that targets hardcore gamers fails. would be nice if it wasn't power cord bound. Having moved to the US from Germany, it always stroked me as particularly dangerous that it is common to overtake cars on the right and have slow cars and fast cars in any lane. The article mentions that different speeds are dangerous. I think enforcing cars sorting themselves properly into the right lane would make a huge difference in reducing accidents and allowing traffic to o faster. I wish law enforcement could focus on that instead of giving tickets to people who go 5mph/h faster than most other cars. I agree completely that traffic engineering is much better in Germany and makes a huge difference. Roads are better sign posted, on ramps are very generous. As I mentioned elsewhere in Germany you are also not allowed to overtake on the right on the Autobahn. So there is a huge push for slow drivers to stay on the right and cars are nicely sorted by speed. Therefore you need to relatively rarely change lanes whereas in the US people will constantly change lanes on freeways especially in busy places like LA. That not only leads to higher risks and makes driving more aggravating, but also slows everyone down. It happens quite frequently here that I will be on a 3 lane freeway and there are three slow cars next to each other. That would be unthinkable. I believe that this allows the German Autobahn to serve more cars than freeways in the US while having in average fewer lanes. I always have this metaphor in my head where I think of it similarly to a Ethernet cable that can now submit more data because the protocol allows for fewer collisions etc. It depends on the Autobahn. I strongly felt what you described on pretty much any Autobahn around cologne where there always was a lot traffic and many on and off ramps. However, my ride usually would take me from there onto the 44(?) towards Paderborn and there was no speed limit and it was a joy even in an old Golf 2. There were very few on and off ramps and moderate traffic. My car would be able to speed up to ~220km/h over the course of several minutes, but it was so worth it. Every time I go to a theater and I cannot drink alcohol in the auditorium because children happen to be allowed in the movie or something like this happens I start dreaming of child-free zones, where I can walk around with a bottle of beer while playing with Bucky Balls and look at nipples. At least the prohibition of magnetic balls at least actually protects children from something that can do actual harm to them unlike seeing adults drink in moderation or seeing exposed body parts. Taxi companies also would need to work on their quality issues. I've had too many taxis in SF and suburban Portland that were filthy and run down and had incompetent drivers. Never happened with Uber. EDIT: I think that there just is almost no incentive for taxi companies to improve on anything because they have had a quasi monopoly in a market that is completely underserved. When you needed a cap pre-Uber in SF, you were happy to get any cap at all. That all comes down to taxi medallions. "And I had argued for it a long time. I wrote so many of these multi-page emails about how important it was. But once we had it so people could see and see that it really does work, then Samsung went and wrote a proper interface for it." Wow, I really have to admire his patience. While reading this I was even thinking "They are arguing with John Carmack about what he needs to get the graphics right? Who do they think they are?!" and I am not him. I would never have the patience for this. That must be like my grandma arguing with me about programming. I've been dreaming of this art project where I put up tables in the Mission and hire a bunch of Task Rabbits to manually mine Bitcoins while they eat food delivered by ZeroCater Tuition in Germany was limited to 300 Euro/ semester anyways. That never really paid for the education fully. In Germany you can in theory study anything you want if you have a high school/Gymnasium degree. However, places are limited and they are given out based on your GPA. Every semester you wait for a spot your GPA gets lowered for the purpose of this calculation. So if you have bad grades and want to study psychology you might have to wait 10 years. So either you are a great student or you are super dedicated. I think this is a decent filter. Well, it's not the king but the government representing the people who are paying the bills. Not when I grew up ~10 years ago It depends on what you study. In my CS classes we had a few lab sessions where we had to implement small programs and sometimes even larger projects. However, a friend of mine studied chemistry and she never got to leave the lab. Where is that? Google Play gives you 30 days and Amazon I believe gives you at least 48 hours for a movie. My main issue with HN is that the comments link is a pain on touch devices. This redesign seems to make that link even smaller. Much of the value of HN lies in the amazing comments, so I would prefer that link to get almost equal prominence to the actual article. I also don't understand how almost unreadably pale article titles make the page more usable. To me this redesign is another case of making it prettier rather than more usable. I never will understand how this spying stuff always is allowed to happen. I know every government does is, but I find it unbelievably dishonest. What kind of relationship is that? I would intuitively see any spying as an act of war, especially if supposedly friendly countries do it. This worked awesome on my MacBook and my PC, but I am getting some massive rendering errors in Safari on my iPad 3: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG Breaking in Safari on my iPad 3 running iOS 7: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG This is a very American view. When I grew up in Germany EVERYONE had a scale for cooking because every recipe gives all larger quantities in grams. I think the only exception is the difference is the equivalent of "a pinch". When I moved to the US I didn't have a scale and most recipes I cooked were American and I ended up using cups etc. I got totally used ot it after a while and everything was fine. However, I love cooing and wanted to get more into modernist cuisine. That pretty much requires a scale. Having used a scale for cooking again I cannot overstate how incredibly convenient it is. It saves a lot of time and cleaning of measuring devices. You just put your container (pot, bowl or whatever you will use later for processing) onto the scale; zero the scale; and start puring in the first ingredients till you go tthe right amount. Then you just zero the scale again and do the next ingredients. No need to rinse measuring cups in between. The metric system also has the added benefit that 1 liter translates for water based liquids to 1kg which means you again just pour the liquid into your bowl that's on the scale. The scale has pretty much only upsides. The downside that most people in the US don't have a scale is only a downside because culturally US Americans don't use scales for cooking. On the flip side you can say that measuring cups are incovenient because Europeans don't have them. Wow, according to Wikipedia he died of suicide by two to the head. And here I thought stories of suicide via two self-inflicted head shots was a myth restricted to conspiracy theorists. It's a big company doing, so it's gonna be fine. The most interesting part of the article ot me was the discussion of income in the workplace in contrast to the performance in school. They point out that women tend to select subjects in college that result in less income and that they seem to care less about that. I wonder how much of that attitude results in the income difference between men and women. I also believe that some of the behavior typically associated with boys and their bad performance in school leads to them succeeding in the workplace. Trying to be in control and showing typical alpha-male behavior causes nothing but trouble in school. In the workplace on the other hand,it's something that might lead to some conflict, but also to higher income. On the flip side, following orders diligently is great in school and leads to a stable career, but you might lose out to the pushy alpha-male. Obviously like pretty much everything on this topic, those are very broad generalizations, that are not indicative of any one individuals behavior. But that's what work life is likely going to be. Work life is not going to be building a fort in the forrest. Locking away violent criminals also has the benefit that the general public will be safe from the violent criminal during the incarceration. In the short run they got Robespierre. However, in the long run things certainly got better. In the meantime the UK still has a queen and the House of Lords. So maybe having Robespierre was worth it. To add to your argument: Although corporations are made up of people, the interest of the majority of the people that make up the corporation isn't necessarily aligned with that of the corporation. I find it interesting that it seems like critics of the Q ratio justify the high price by saying that because of low interest rates, other investment options are worse. As much as I agree that still makes it a bubble. It's just not that investors get drawn to the attractiveness of the bubble on the stock market, but rather that the bubble is there because everyone gets pushed into it. Even if you don't buy the Q ratio, this reasoning if correct would mean that the stock market is most likely higher than it should be and probably won't stay there. Maybe you don't want another company to be able to look at your IP. Or maybe you want or need to hold yourself to a higher security standard then hosted alternatives. If your code is hosted with a third party out on the Internet, your own service now is only as secure as that third parties. That sounds to me like Equipment is not what's needed, since there is hardly anyone reliable we can give the equipment to. How about deploying a few millions soldiers? A few million sounds like a unreasonably large number, but on the other hand there were 4 million soldiers in Stalingrad alone and we should be able to treat this situation as urgently as things were handled in WWII. To me ISIS is right up there with the Nazis. So let's go all out and get this done with! To me the most interesting part about this is how looking at the comments here it's apparently a great Rorschach test. "Whatever I draw always ends up lookiing like a uterus.", "everything I try ends up looking like some kind of bug", "Any image I make with this one looks like e-cigarette packaging", etc. As a German who lives in the US since 8 years I am not surprised by this at all. By the time you finish university in Germany you are about 25 years old. They introduced the Bachelor/Master system, but at least when I studied, getting a Bachelor was more of a way to drop out gracefully. In addition there was a culture that expected you to stay at home until your child is at least 1 year old. Therefore there was very little support to take care of very young children. For well educated couples this leaves an extremely small window in which you can have children. That doesn't even account yet for people with other goals. Having a child means having time to try to bootstrap a startup parallel to your day job or doing extensive travel becomes extremely hard if not downright impossible. An additional factor is that most Germans aren't religious and even the ones who are are only on paper, but don't actually care very much. Religion often times plays a large role in people's desire to have children. That rarely happens in Germany. Yes, typically they are, even in Germany. That being said, very rich people who don't have to compromise and have others raise their children also tend to have more than average children I believe. Maybe I should be impressed, but I am not. I assumed some kind of fight that would require strategy and creativity. What I saw in the video was more like what we have been seeing in car factories since many years. What am I missing? I have to agree. I am very concerned by both what's happening in Europe and by concerns being dismissed as racism or xenophobia. I am glad there are others who have a level headed view of this. It's really hard to talk about this topic, because so much of the associated vocabulary has been taken over by actual racists in the past and sets off all kinds of alarm bells. The use of the word "liberal" in the US drove me nuts the first few months I lived in the US. I used to be identify myself as a "Liberal" in Germany and constantly felt misrepresented when people were talking about "liberals" in the US. Weird enough the term that comes closest to what I understand as European liberalism is libertarianism. So we had to throw in a syllable to make up for the word that's being used everywhere else having been hijacked. I wonder if some of this is fallout from the insane two party system. As a German living in the US I actually had the most interesting experience visiting Japan. I always thought of myself as "liberal" when I lived in Europe. However, moving to the US I found myself often times very annoyed by people not obeying common everyday conventions. A dumb example would be people jaywalking right in front of your car, being fully aware that you have to stop because of their jaywalking. When I visited Japan I realized that I actually appreciate fascism to a certain degree, which is a shocking thing to realize. Having a strong shared set of conventions and shared values that help enforce these conventions make everyday life so much more pleasant. When I use light rail in SF, I am constantly strategizing where to position myself relative to other passengers, so that I can get on the train early in order to get a seat. In Japan there are markings on the floor where you have to stand and no one would dare to skip the line. These are small examples of things that make everyday life just so much more pleasant. I don't give a damn what color your skin is or what country you are from, but I agree with you, you better stick to the rules that everyone else adheres to. Outside the US the term "pension" also is used to mean that the company pays into some(semi-) government scheme that provides a pension. I think the company itself paying the actual pension when you retire is a US only phenomenon. The differences between the iOS app and the web page were startling about a year ago when I first started using it. In particular how different the iOS's coach was and the "on-track" concept on the web. I was excited that they wanted to make it more similar, but then they just cut the coach which I had vastly preferred. I am also very disappointed by this. I am mainly interested in learning Mandarin and Japanese. But Duolingo is so good that I decided to start learning Spanish with it till they support Mandarin or Japanese. Now it's one year later, still no Mandarin or Japanese and I ran out of motivation for Spanish a long time ago. I learned on Silicon Valley that you don't want any revenue anyways, because people will just expect insane revenue growth once you have any revenue. I didn't know if I was supposed to laugh or if someone just had spoken some truth everyone in the valley is too correct to actually say. iI would actually argue that everyone involved in this should be prosecuted for trying to overthrow our democratic system. Why can't we just have a 2 tier water pricing system? Tier 1 is very cheap, so that everyone can afford water to drink and wash themselves. Anything over that amount in tier 1 get's priced at something more realistic. That incentivizes industry to be economic about their water usage and private people are deterred from being wasteful. Increased product prices would likely lead to reduced demand and in turn smaller farm output and water usage. Same is true for industry that also uses enormous amounts of water. I agree. You used to be able to sort all movies by how much they think you will like it. What a concept! A little over a year ago I actually wrote a script that used their API to get me just that. Less than a month later they shut down the API... I honestly don't know what use case they are addressing. If I know what I am there to watch I just need a search field. If I don't know then there interface is a disaster. It keeps recommending movies they predict I will give a low rating. At the same time I found that they had "The Master" which I loved in the cinema after browsing the page for at least 10 minutes in order to find something. Most of the 10 minutes were spent looking over different lists that mainly contained the same movies I'd already watched or Netflix agrees I won't like. I also find their rating system to be the worst. I always check at imdb first. Some movies that have 4/10 or fewer starts have 4/5 or even 4.5/5 stars on Netflix. I can only assume that watching certain movies might be more beneficial to Netflix than others. I honestly wonder if they try to direct users towards certain content because they might have different deals around the content that makes watching certain movies for them better than others. That's the only explanation I can come up with for why they would make finding something worth watching so hard. Agreed on al of these. A lot of this used to exist, but it's gone now. Instead we have big pictures and shiny stuff no one needs. Nice, this makes it even more likely I will die a slow death from cancer instead. I agree. However, I find that even more remarkable. I looked at the wiki statistic yesterday and the comparison between Germany (where I grew up) and the US made me think. Roads in Germany do feel safer and better organized. But because of the famously high speed limits on the Autobahn I didn't expect to see number like this. I used ot go 220km/h in a Golf 2 from 1994. That was even scarry back then at times and seems downright insane now that I am used to US traffic. As someone else mentions, I think that drivers pick lanes at will leads to constant lane changes and also to traffic jams and reduces throughput. That to me is a huge thing that needs fixing. It also makes driving much more pleasant. You never have a "wall" of three slow cars in front of you and now have to figure out which one of them will eventually make way, so that you can pass and now everyone has to change lanes. It's insane! In addition to the broken "protocol" that's being used on roads cars are also much less save. Lots of pickups have these pipes on front of their car's grills (sorry no idea how those things are properly called). These are actually illegal in Germany because they increase injury likelihood for pedestrians. Trucks in Europe have to have barriers on the side, so that in a collision they push a car aside and have a big impact area, rather than just hitting with a car with the edge of the trailer just at the same height as where people's heads are. Really cheap to do and would save lots of lifes. There are also many more very large cars in the US. If those crash into a smaller car that can have much more severe consequences. I think the lack of monster pick up trucks in Europe helps. I know many people here get these trucks to defend themselves against other people who are in these huge vehicles. Having moved here from Germany I think that people randomly picking their favorite lane is probably the biggest factor. It also makes things incredibly inefficient and driving much less pleasurable. I am convinced that sorting cars by speed with slow cars on the right would increase throughput dramatically. Without that a road with as diverse speeds as the Autobahn would be impossible. US freeways have to accommodate a much smaller range of speeds and still fail because it's so badly organized. Given that Germany has much higher speed limits and still fewer fatalities per mile driven, I would definitely focus on giving tickets for overtaking on the right and not speeding up on the on ramp. That shit makes things dangerous for everyone and provides benefits to no one. It's just plain stupid. I would implement draconic penalties for that shit. As someone else pointed out, the Autobahn doesn't ever go through towns or villages. However, I agree that the frequent drastic speed limit changes on the Bundesstraße are a pain. I am not sure however what a good solution would be. You could lower the speed limit between towns, raise it the towns or build out the road in the city more and keep the limit higher like happens on the 101 when you go through some towns in the central valley. But that has other huge downsides, like being painfully slow or increasing the risks or ruining the towns. Having a town every 1-2 miles might just result in this. Awesome book by Nobel price winning Thomas Schelling: Micromotive and Macrobheavior http://www.amazon.com/Micromotives-Macrobehavior-Thomas-C-Sc... $229K? Time Warner won't even notice that's gone. Should have been $229 million otherwise they won't learn anything from this. Yeah, that would be really neat. We are already doing it in enough cases for time. Your comment is fascinating because it is a glaring example of what another commenter described "you are either with or against us" attitude that the extrimist parts of any movement show. I understood the person you responded to to see your cause as a good one and thus be on your side. If you attack anyone who doesn't want to go on a crusade you will never achieve what you set out to and will in fact drive people off. Not to mention that you will be very frustrated. I think we should use the Olympics as a honey pot for politicians who care more about their own egos than their constituencies. Anyone who applies for it faces life in prison because it will just cost their city huge amounts of money and ruin most people's everyday lives. Having gone to high school in Germany and gotten my Masters degree in the US I'm really surprised by this. All the teachers I had would have loved you for studying ahead. Teachers even enjoyed arguing with me when I thought they were wrong. I'm carefully optimistic since this would be in there interest of the trucking industry and they already seem to be succeeding at pushing laws through that are bad for the drivers. I would love a system where the trucks get driven to a lot outside of the city where they get set on a automatic course to the equivalent lot at the destination. During transit no person is onboard at all. At the destination lot a human enters and drives it downtown. If the truck goes to some industrial facility outside the city you shouldn't even need the human driver. Also I wish there was done way to go after those congress people who are in essence committing murder. That argument can be applied to all automation. I completely agree that it's a huge political and economical problem that owning the means of production becomes more and more important whereas actual labor becomes less important. To me the obvious solution is more socialism and eventually once everything is automated even some form of capitalism. However, especially in the US where due to the cold war anything social is a red flag for many we aren't going to be able to solve this before it becomes a much larger problem. So we either have to play this through and force action or stop all innovation because anything else just slows the process down and makes us less competitive. I agree with practically everything you said. However, I expect that the companies that do most of the lobbying are larger and are all the ones expecting to be one of the one out two companies with the iPhone apps that now also don't have to deal with drivers anymore. The big companies will be able to upgrade their first, small companies won't be able to. The small companies get pushed out of the market. So I expect large companies to push for this. There was actually a very interesting discussion on econtalk that easily came to the conclusion that interest rates aren't artificially low. The primary, possible reasons they saw were that new industries in the West need fewer initial investments than traditional industries (compare the cost of starting a new refrigerator factory to starting a tech startup) and that Asian countries with much higher saving rates are making up a larger portion of the economy. One point they made is that interest rates were already very low before the recession and QE. I would love two nice for pair programming. Also for playing/making a first person shooter for two people where each player controls one arm/gun. A third player would control the legs and head. It would be amazing! I sometimes wonder how many people in Europe are scared of additives because of the E-Number system that doesn't look natural at all and immediately makes you think that there are "chemicals" in your food. Who wants "E 300" in their food? Probably most random people you ask would say they don't want it without hesitation. Yet it's just Vitamin C. I read in Fernand Braudele's "Civilization and Capitalism, 15th-18th Century Volume 1" that bread in many regions was only baked 2-3 times a year. Bread would grow mold or get that hard that people would chop it with an axe! When I first moved to the US as a student from Germany I kept most my money in Euro cache and only covered what I needed in the coming weeks because the Euro kept going up pretty quickly. I will never forget how furious I was when I got an overdraft fee. It took my wife quite a while to even explain the concept to be because it seemed so completely nonsensical coming from Germany. In Germany the bank would be set on fire for this by leftists. German used to be more like that buta spelling reform in 1996 fixed many of these issues. All my spelling grades got significantly better (less terrible) once that happened. Anyone else having random scroll issues on Android phones with this article? It's just jumping around randomly once I got a little further down. It also might become harder to get a prescription or get your insurance to pay for it. In a way it could become similar to medical Marijuana. Where does that peanut allergy thing come from suddenly? When I was a kid no one had any allergies and now every other kid seems to due from a peanut. Or this piece of autonomous awesomemess: http://www.stoneaerospace.com/products-pages/products-DEPTHX... You pay the fixed sum before every game. If you go with Ian Hacking's suggested low price of $25, I can easily see losing several thousand dollar before you get lucky and hit one of the rare, high value events. In a way this is like waiting for a good black swan event to happen. It is going to happen and it will be great, but do you have enough money to play long enough till it happens? I think we don't play this kind of game for the same reason we are bad preparing for black swan events. If I spent huge amounts of money on preparing for a black swan disaster that might happen chances are still high that I will only get theoretical benefits from the investment and nothing ever happens during my lifetime. Similarly here, I statistically win, but in practice I have a high chance of running either out of money or out of time, because I don't have infinite of those, even if the imaginary casino had infinite money. So how hard would it be to modify this to autonomously hunt human swimmers? Pretty creepy. Japan had a interesting mix of private companies providing and competing in areas where public transit is actually profitable and the government providing it in areas where it won't be profitable. To me that's politics done right. The market is the strongest force you can use if it works in your favor. But it's key to understand when it won't. Too bad that on the US that decision is usually driven by ideology rather than practical thought. You can easily get very close to this with Capybara: 'expect(page).to have(:css, ".article table th td", text: " hello world ")' Save functionality but you won't have to support that silly regex abstraction layer. If this is still not human readable enough, I would still recommend writing your own DSL on top of Capybara rather than matching to regexes like Cucumber does. I saw a talk about this at Yuri's night at Moffet Field in 2008 or 2009. I was really excited about it. My former university in Paderborn, Germany was also working on a similar system, RailCsb, that allowed the pods to form convoys and that way save space and improve aerodynamics. All really exciting. However, much time passed and neither project seems to be anywhere near actual deployment. I think on-demand public transportation is long overdue and the technology seems totally feasible. However, society seems to be too risk averse and the bureaucracy seems to kill any project like this. We can't even build a proper high speed train in the US! Well, it depends. If you have someone who is killing it and comes later and leaves early, who cares? If you have someone who is struggling and then also puts fewer hours in you've got a real problem. Unfortunately on my experience it's more often than not people who are already struggling who aren't putting the time in. To make that much worse people notice this and will perceive this as a unfair and demotivating situation. That fortunately though seems to work both ways. If someone is out a lot who is going great work, everyone is totally fine with it. This all makes for very unpleasant conversations and can undermine work moral on your team significantly. I actually misunderstood the entire statement because of this. I thought this was happening because of a politician from the green party and was going over green party politicians to figure out whom could possible me meant. I live in the US since 8 years and still misunderstood it. Yeah, thanks. I know the difference in theory, but reliably mess it up. If more people were to call me on it like you did, it would probably be fixed by now. My American wife never tells me these things and just confirms it when someone else is so nice to point is out. :( This might be a chicken/egg problem, where society doesn't expect women to gain high professional positions and so they feel less driven to achieve it. I had the chance to use the first generation of this setup together with a variety of other VR headsets a few weeks ago at a VR film festival. It was fun and worked pretty well, but non of the screen that I got to try had the needed pixel density. I was able to see the pixels on all of them, because the screen is so close to your eyes. It's still where we as mankind originated and seems somewhat appropriate. However, maybe that's short sighted and we will get a very anti-earth separatist movement from the colonies. I just read that and the Dark Forrest and that (fundamental) part of the book honestly made no sense to me. His claim that you can't locate a signal's source location was in complete conflict with everything I thought I knew about astronomy and how we locate things in space. Are you referring to Pluto losing its status as a Planet? That was a complicated process that was based on new discoveries and not some idea by some "upstart science teacher" on the daily show. Keeping Pluto as a planet would have made our definition of planet very wide and to be consistent Ceres should have to be turned back into a planet as well. It's even more severe in Germany. However, Germany as a country won't go away, it will just look very different, since there are many immigrants who are making up for it. Source: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 I read this the other day in Ben Horrowitz's book "The Hard Things About Hard Things" and loved the idea by other commenters here to apply it to other fields. Just [my own version]( https://github.com/ajmurmann/good-developer-bad-developer ) that represents my views on engineering. I tried to stay away from concrete, good practices like TDD or pairing that are en vogue right now. Although I have very strong opinions on some of those, they are controversial and I think they would take value away from the larger points. I would be excited to hear people's thoughts on it! There are actually a lot of good cases for roundabout over intersection with traffic lights, but I think that's really something that needs to be decided on a per intersection basis. To me the best replacement for a 4-way stop is really giving one street the right of way and using a yield sign for the less important street. However, that seems to be unheard of in the US. Cars still would still have to stop for pedestrians at the yield sign. Works very well in other countries. If there are too many pedestrians, just put a traffic light up to regulate traffic between pedestrians and cars. Key here though is that the light isn't on a timer but actually adjusts to someone pressing the button or a car rolling over a sensor in the ground. Yes, please! Those stop signs everywhere are often times unnecessary and a gigantic waste of fuel. Let's just give one street the right of way and the other street gets a yield sign. If they are both major streets, there should be a traffic light or a circle depending on the traffic patterns. Yes! As a driver I don't have very strong feelings about bicyclists, as a pedestrian I am terrified. It has happened very often that I had to jump out of the way of bicyclists that were running red traffic lights and stop signs. The rule we have right now is much easier to follow and leaves nothing up to interpretation, yet SF cyclists seem unable to follow it as it is. I doubt that replacing that with a rule that makes things much fuzzier will do much good. If the existing easy rule is neither followed not enforced, how is the new fuzzy rule gonna be anything than a permission to do even more problematic stuff. I am really not worried about cars here, but am terrified as a pedestrian. Agreed. However, I don't think we would need many more off then than we already have. I was just trying to make clear that I don't think we should turn every intersection into one with one street having the right of way and their other one having a yield sign. Do schools I the US teach children how to safely ride a bike? When I went to primary school in Germany we had a cop cone by several times and we went to a parking lot that had fake roads painted on it and he taught us about traffic rules and we ride bikes around the lot while he gave us feedback. We learned about right of way, arm signals etc. Totally agree. Is there any other good writing on this topic. Most of what I find is usually about how to pitch, but there is typically very little about how to select investors. They do have a travel agency. http://www.nationalgeographicexpeditions.com Are Abmahnungen still a big issue in Germany? I remember being constantly furious about it when I lived there. I'm glad I had completely forgotten those ever existed. I think the debate around Soylent really suffers from disagreement of what users of Soylent use it for, what others think it is being used for out should be used for and what it is advertised as. I think it's foolish to believe that Soylent will provide a very healthy diet just I its own. As you point out we know way to little about what the body needs. That's why no one I know who uses Soylent eats it exclusively. Unfortunately that's not what is advertised as. If you see it as an alternative to a rushed meal that comes from a fast food chain and our prematr from the freezer in the grocery store, Soylent is the better choice. I eat/drink Soylent for breakfast add weekday lunches. For dinner I usually have streamed vegetables and done lean meat with done fresh fruit later in the evening. I think together that probably makes for a much better diet than most people have. Yes, it could be improved by replacing the Soylent with a more traditional, but healthy meal, but the effort I'm willing to invest I breakfast and weekday lunches prevents that as far as I can see. Especially at the price point that Soylent comes at. I'm certain that most Soylent users see Soylent as a replacement for a crappy sandwich or burger with a side of potato chips and not as a replacement for a wholesome meal. I never understood the sentiment of valuing babies over all else. To me it always seemed obvious that fresh college graduates are most valuable to society, since we just finished investing a ton of money into them. Babies on the other hand are easily replaced. I get this is mainly an emotional argument, but it's still startling to me how opposite it is to the purely economic argument I made above. In fact usually people think I'm just trolling when I'm stating my opinion on the matter but I'm dead serious. I strongly agree that we need a healthy mix. However, for fresh college graduates there is more time left to pay off the investment we made in them as a society. In fact I believe they will be at their most productive a little later than that. But they get there as they get older. Edit: Typos Yeah and in the meantime they need a ton of investment, might die before they even get to the age to work or turn it idiots. I agree that the college angle adds unnecessary assumptions to the argument. It would probably be easier to agree on "young adults ready to enter the work force". Especially given the tremendous value many drop outs are adding. I'm always do relieved to be reminded of this. I'm in my early thirties and an getting nervous about the window of opportunity passing. The possible improvements would truly need mind blowing. I can't even think of a reason why those cars would have to stop asking the way if everything goes right. There would be no more need for traffic lights or stop signs to coordinate traffic between cars. You would still need them for pedestrians. However, if the traffic lights are integrated I the same system as the cars then the cars can just adjust their speed to not have to stop at the light. Their gain in fuel efficiency would be huge! As long as nobody jaywalks or we have cross walks without traffic lights or bicycles.. Divergence I speed is a big cause of both traffic jams and accidents. Why is this being downvoted? 100% agreed. Otherwise we might as well get rid of money and go back to exchanging goods directly. That's exactly the attitude with which we will get the situation Michel Houellebecq describes in his "Submission" novel. Also spying on everyone. You forgot to mention the very low cost, especially for font because we gotta hide that pesky content that we have to show after all. I don't think it's either or. I obviously read hacker news, but I'm also very passionate about ceramics especially Japanese and Korean ceramics and Pinterest is a treasure trove for images of work other people have done as well as new techniques. For contrast: I don't have a Facebook account. Do I understand this right that if the conjecture can be proved correct and the remaining issue about time gets solved we effectively have a grand unified theory? I disagree with the premise of this article. I don't care if the sun is out when I have to wake up or not. I dislike doing something incredibly dramatic like changing what time it is and having to force myself into a different rythm because some people might or might not be happy that now there might or might not be more sun in the evening. One interesting thing to me I the comments to the original article was the mentioning of the weird "have got" instead of just "have" you learn in European schools. I hadn't thought about it since I started learning English I school in Germany many, many years ago. I think even the teachers dropped that in later classes. But I remember always having to say stuff like "I have got an apple" instead of just "I have an apple". I live in the US now and have never heard that and also don't recall ever having heard that in the UK either. What's up with that? Sounded like BS even to my fifth grade self who knew nothing about English. Now that you contract it like that I think I hear people say it all the time in the US and also use it myself, but never the non=contracted form. It's amazing how much of language usage is outside of our awareness. I guess it's all "system 1" as Thinking Fast and Thinking Slow would call it. I honestly don't understand the reason why it's so hard to try to help terminally ill patients with unproven methods as long as everyone agrees that there is no other, better way to help and as long as the patient wants it. Prohibiting this seems like a lose/lose decision to me. I understand that that's a reason why it's not done. However, my question was about why their legal system is like it is. I agree that a quicker death would have been better. However that's often times the case add yet most states don't even site patients to choose between suffering and death. The patient suffered so much because the treatment worked, but not well enough to safe her. That however can happen with many well proven treatments as well. I have a relative who just got a port to feed her liquids, dive she cannot swallow anymore. That treatment will extend her life longer, but she well probably will just suffer longer and die soon anyways. This seems to be a constant trade off in health care these days and usually we decide blindly in favor of extending life regardless of the quality. How we judge experimental treatments seems completely different though. One thing I find very scary about this discussion is that in the past when we talked about helping the situation of minorities no one had a problem explaining what the issue is we are trying to solve. Now I'm very often hearing things like "you are a white heterosexual male you won't understand/have no right to talk about it". This is just more racism and sexism and no way to have a discussion or a good direction for a society. It seems irrational and hate driven. To me the obvious solution is to make it illegal for ISPs to get to get into a conflict of interest. So they should only be allowed to sell Internet access and not do anything else, especially not sell content. Given that they are running some of our countries most important pieces of infrastructure I think that's perfectly reasonable. Let's not forget the black ships forcing Japan to open up. Many right wing Japanese still link the entire war period back to that and they do have somewhat of a point. I strongly recommend Ian Buruma's "Inventing Japan" That was a great book. My only issue was the phoney science around locating where a signal comes from. This actually is a huge pet peeve of mine. It's most obvious with extendingl extremely specific needs like vegetarians for example. It drives me nuts when I read yelp reviews that rate a restaurant low because they don't offer good vegetarian alternatives. It is obviously an issue, but it should be trivial for yelp to exclude that recite from the rating that they show to non-vegetarians. Less obvious examples that are a related but different issues are reviews by people who clearly don't know what they are talking about. Looking at reviews of high end Spanish restaurants in the Basque country, I really don't care about reviews that start out with "This was my first visit to a restaurant with a Michelin star...". I'm not trying to be snobby, but I'd much rather have the review by someone who had been to a ton of then in the same area weighed much higher. Edit: I wonder if there is a great opportunity for some disruption here. Well be tough do to overcome yelps moat. I would love to work on this! I do blame them. These questions are always the weak spot and any system is only as secure as that weakest point. Three answers to those questions are typically trivial to find out. I find it downright malicious to even suggest someone protects their data or wealth by asking people what the name of their high school teacher was. This is a incredibly stupid idea and suggesting this to your users shows that they are either stupid to the point where they should be considered unemployable at any company or criminals. Applying the reverse of this is actually really fascinating as well. A friend of mine used to work on "navigation systems for submarines". According to him some submarines measure the pull of gravity to help keep track of their location. And here I thought this was cutting edge technology... That seems too be the general trend with UI design these days. Less and less content, more space and the little content that's there gets made less prominent with low contrast. I find it quite upsetting. In my experience it doesn't get prioritized. I worked on a product where everyone including product management complained about performance but it always took very long to get fixing that prioritized. In one case I spent my weekend adding pagination to some pages that everyone had been complaining about being slow but no one thought should be a priority to fix over new features. Given that this is the Y-Combinator news aggregator it's much worse than "us" choosing to use these services. Most of us here would love to be a substantial part of the next Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. I am sure the vast majority here would do everything they can to make it happen if they thought they had an idea that could turn them into the next Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs or even "just" Evan Williams. I've been ranting about Facebook being the new AOL since at least 2009 and yet I would become an unstoppable force in order to create the next one. I assume you have an actual assistant. May I ask what the monthly bill comes out as and how you found them? I think Tim Ferris mentioned services that provide virtual assistants for tasks similar to what the OP described. I remember looking into it right after I read the 4 hour work week and back then the services listed in the book were completely overrun. I never looked into it again and also never met anyone who actually used it. You can rent then on Amazon, iTunes or Google play What do you connect your stages to other than the next stage? I strongly second this concern. I generate random strings as answers to my recovery questions. When I recently got asked one of the questions the support rep let out a sigh when asking (presumably because he saw the "crazy" answer) and then said "yeah yeah, alright" when I was about half way through the answer. That any company even suggests these insane security questions that anyone can trivially research is completely beyond me. What about security vulnerabilities that get fixed in those updates? You don't want those? This got us Chinese bot nets on outdated XP machines... It also might deter people from doing business in that town. If I have the choice to get a coffee I this town or a neighboring town that's not known for hyper active ticketing, I'd rather avoid this place. I honestly had no idea she was running the UC system now. I'm actually shocked to see her in that position. That only furthers my disillusion with anything related to politics. Yeah, it should have started almost an hour ago and actually be just about over. Can you imagine the chancellor our president coming by for a launch event when you run your software for the very first time that you've never run before not even I an integration test after coding on it for years?! I don't have a reference at hand but recall vaguely that all these issues were addressed in Musk's original document. Even if they have the trademark it's reasonable. You just can't use it for a product that might be confused with theirs by a reasonable person. Do you can still make ice cream called that way or probably even name your next novel like that. Just no tutorials on the tech area. If you have problems with "violent language" then that shouldn't lead to valuable content being hidden from others who don't have mental issues triggered by words they fifth like. That is not a adequate comparison. You aren't done after you bought the software. You need someone to set it up as week and that cost scales with the quality of the software you bought. You need to look at the cost you have once everything is said and done. Agreeing on moral axioms also might be non-trivial. I for example do not agree with the one you list above, but instead go withz Peter Singer on preventing suffering and not protecting life per se. So abortions for example and even euthanasia of severely sick people including newborns are fair game. Also leads to the question if animal suffering should count and if so, how much? I think trying to take our moral debates down to principals like this might be a super valuable exercise for society though. Regardless if we program Watson to be president or not. Edit: of course this in practice would devolve to 50+% of the country in essence saying "Whatever I think the bible says should be our acxiom". Completely ruining the discussion. That's a very interesting point! Watson is I essence a robot, so Asimov's laws should be a good starting point. But are they also a good starting point for the president? Why should laws be different for robots than for people? My head is spinning... Do you know if this is actually very different from one of Vanguard's target retirement funds? Taking a brief look at Betterment's portfolio make it seem like the distribution is almost identical. Did I look at the wrong offering at Betterment? Is it trading in the US yet? Their website still says "early 2016". So the investment strategy by the robo advisor is in essence just a automated lazy portfolio? I expected/was hoping for some fancier AI than just a dumb balancing script that I currently have in an Excel spreadsheet... General computer buying rule: always buy as much ram as you can afford even if it seems like an insane amount at the time! One thing that drives me nuts about phones and tablets. I want to pay more money for more, more ram. Nothing impacts your devices life span more than the amount of ram. Even more you can probably compare these users to the "sneaker heads" that keep the Nike brand going by waiting in line for underpriced limited edition sneakers. I wonder how much of this and similar cases are based on low interests. You can't keep your money in the bank because you won't get any interests and at the same time leveraging your money and buying housing is cheaper. So maybe the solution to housing prices is significantly higher interest rates? Why wouldn't they? Until the scheme collapses the generous refund policy only makes people more confident. Once it collapses people at the top of the pyramid have probably already put enough money somewhere where it can't be touched anyway and the policy hardly matters. Yeah, I thought it was pretty established that even before sanctions against Iran had been lifted production already had gone up especially in the US through fracking. Why do people keep saying this? I thought it was agreed on that production had already gone up a lot months ago due to fracking and now due to Iran. Many posters also seem to completely ignore the supply side of the equation. Why? The non-amazon shipped stuff on Amazon honestly had been a pain ever since they introduced it. If you have prime it mostly is just a huge nuisance. "free same-day shipping" Woah, what items do you get that on? I always wanted that so bad, but have never had anything delivered same day. Are you referring to Amazon prime now? Is same day shipping one of their Seattle only offerings? There is hope in the world. Mh, that seems like it would move the problem to now be a conflict between bike and bus passengers The whole college degree as a filter thing is the laziest thing a company could do to quickly get through a stack of applications. On the other hand the market is apparently in their favor enough that they can afford to use lazy filters like these that might lead to missing out on an awesome employee. Because the US has a trauma from the cold war related to anything social this will never happen in the US. There will have to be 50%+ unemployment before anything like that happens here. Wow, MongoDB is worth more than 23andme, Cloudflare or New Relic? Or people will vote for insane candidates. We saw that in 1930s Germany... I pretty much stopped using Uber because every time I ask a driver who works for both whom they prefer they tell me that they prefer Lyft. I don't really see much of a difference between the two as a consumer so I use who the drivers prefer.