When I was in college, I figured out that the education you get doesn't really change. However, what does change is the people that you are associating with. At the "elite" colleges, there is a greater percentage of smart students, which lends itself to more productive discussions and more difficult tests that force you to challenge yourself. Also, it is like the difference between the regular classes in high school and advanced classes -- in the advanced classes you cover the same material, but with greater breadth and a deeper understanding. And the number 1 biggest advantage of going to an elite college is that you have a much better chance of meeting the world's future movers and shakers -- the people that will be the educational and business leaders of the next generation. That alone is a good reason to go to an elite college. So I have to disagree, and say that there are indeed advantages to going to an elite college, just not the advantages that most people think. I did read to the end, but I didn't really see anything in there indicating that there is still a benefit to going to an elite school. I just read it again, and still didn't see anything. My interpretation of this essay is that one's success won't be predicated on which school you go to, and that is the point that I am disagreeing with. Did I misinterpret the point of the essay? Ah. I guess being in the footnote made me think it was more of an offhanded comment than a major counterpoint to the premise of the essay. Perhaps in an edited version, this should get its own paragraph. Paul, here is another point to backup your premise: one of the best ways to meet potential investors/acquirers is to go to the same social events that they do. If you live in the same place as them, even if you aren't going to a startup-oriented social event, you still have a good chance of running into them and striking up a conversation. Case in point -- my cousin wants to make movies. So he decided to move to LA and get a job as a bartender. He went to bartending school and then got a job at a bar that is frequented by producers and other movie industry folk. One day he served a drink to a producer, mentioned to the guy that he wanted to make movies, and is now working on a couple of movie deals. That could have never happened even if he continued to live in his native Orange County, only 40 miles away. Are you sure about that? reddit hit 50k uniques about 6 months after it launched. I'd say the discourse was very similar to what it is here at that point in the game. "Please submit the original source. If a blog post reports on something they found on another site, submit the latter. ... Don't abuse the text field in the submission form to add commentary to links. The text field is for starting discussions. If you're submitting a link, put it in the url field. If you want to add initial commentary on the link, write a blog post about it and submit that instead." These rules appear to be in direct opposition to each other. Could someone elaborate on which is the appropriate method? You know, it really turns people off when you go around spamming your links all over the place (I've seem them both here and on reddit). You may have a great site, but perhaps you should let your technology speak for itself. If it is truly great, people will come through word of mouth. The risk is that if your startup fails, you've traded what probably would have been a great salary at a larger company, so essentially you gave up that guaranteed income for the more risky startup. I recently had to answer this question when my girlfriend's mom friended me. I waited a while, but in the end I thought, what the heck, I don't have anything in there that's a secret. I'm sure that decision will haunt me. As Trevor was kicking his legs and pushing on his knees, I was waiting for Dexter to turn around and slap him silly. Guess I've been reading too much SciFi. We hope that it can't be gamed. We have protections in place to make sure the top 10 reddits can't be gamed, and also, you can pick your own reddits, completely avoiding the problem. How is this different than user created reddits on reddit? The only difference I see is that you can change the colors here. However, I will say that the colors are nice. :) You don't so much fail at grad school as fail at finding lucrative work afterwards. There are plenty of middle class folks in the "biz". These are the makeup artists, sound designers, animators, model makers and so on. They all make a good living pursuing their dream. Im curious as to why you think reddit can't serve those niches right now? You can create a private reddit just for you and your family, you can create a pet lover reddit, a reddit for you favorite sports team, etc. Is this perhaps a marketing problem of reddit's? What about the fact that it is far easier to steal your credit card/identity and then just buy the stuff one wants, instead of trying to find someone with the stuff you want and then stealing it. I would not expect any correlation between IQ and success. A good IQ test will give you a general indication of a person's logic, reasoning and spacial abilities. It does not test one's ability to empathize or interact with others, two skills which are essential for "reaching the top". Therefore, IQ is really only good for measuring a person's potential for gaining new knowledge quickly, not measuring what their future success should be. That's in part because Leopard's built in firewall is awful. I realize that was not the reason it was beaten so easily here (Safari was to blame in this case), however it seems like a good time to say this: I have no idea why Apple switched away from using iptables, a host based firewall that has been tried and tested for almost 20 years, to using a brand new, closed source, black box firewall. > 2.) "It's not scalable enough." The Washington Post runs on Django; I doubt you're going to get more pageviews than them. Just FYI, the Washington Post does not use Django for their main page. They only use it for small side projects. At reddit we tried to use Django, but had to switch to Pylons because, lo and behold, it wasn't scalable. Specifically, it has a problem caching templates under high loads. You should look at some of the other reddits, where less crazy people hang out. :) The show will be broadcast online as well as on TV. The reason to watch the show is that you get the opinions of some well known journalists discussing the issues back and forth -- at least, that is the theory. And I believe you mean justin.tv. I guess the "save these changes" button needs to be made more obvious. A lot of people seem to be missing it. One of my old bosses had a similar problem. When she has her twins, both her and her husband had excellent carrers. What they decided was that she would stay home with the kids for two years, while the other worked. The idea was that should would be "out of touch" for a short enough time that she could get back in without much loss. Then when it was her turn to work, her husband arranged to work part time from home. The kids were self sufficient enough that he could focus on his programming for short stints during the day and for longer periods at night when his wife got home. He was able to do enough work to "stay in the game." In fact, he liked it so much he decided to do it for another 2 years. At that point the girls were in pre-school, so had about 3 hours each day to get work done while they were gone, could then play with them the rest of the day, and finish his work at night when his wife was there. The girls are now 6 and in school for most of the day. He's looking at going back to work full time, but given how much he enjoys working from home, he may just keep doing that for a while. Heh. If the teacher was REALLY well paid, even for the Bay Area, they would get maybe 80k a year. The starting salary in Palo Alto (the highest in the bay area) is under 50k. A teacher with 10 years of experience will probably be making about 75k. http://www.pausd.org/community/employment/teachers/teacher_s... Actually, scaling twitter is a solved problem. There is a company in India called SMS GupShup that does the same thing as twitter, except they have 3 times the number of users and more SMS users. And they don't have downtime. http://anand.typepad.com/datawocky/2008/06/indias-sms-gupshu... You already have that option with pretty much every phone except the iPhone. Every carrier will let you buy the hardware at an "unsubsidized" rate, and then get a contract with a higher monthly price, but no lock in. It's just that no one does it, because it is so much more costly. Melanie Griffith starred in Working Girl. The rest of your post was spot on though. :) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096463/ > I laughed because I was sure she was kidding. Turns out she wasn't. ... It turns out she never did follow through on her threats. I'm confused. Doesn't that mean she was kidding? Or at least, how does her making false threats reinforce your paranoia? We have used both at reddit. Performace-wise they are comparable for us, but nginx was a lot easier to configure, and lighttpd had a nasty bug that made us switch away (for the life of me though, I can't remember what the bug was). We just use an http load balancer (haproxy) and have the app servers talk http directly. No need for a web server, which makes things much more stable. We use nginx for static content though (haproxy points at nginx for the static content). Yeah, the new version of haproxy has been shown to be able to hold up on a 10Gbps connection with no problems. We're using 1.3.15.2 with a couple of patches from the experimental version. Heh, no. But that would have been funny. Actually, teej reminded me what it was -- under heavy load, the load balancing algorithm would completely break down, and put all the traffic on the first few app servers on the list, and nothing on the last few. Yeah, that was it! The load balancing algorithm completely broke down under load. Process management is done with a custom tool. In theory we could have a dynamic number of apps, but in practice it is static. Occasionally we have to take a few out of rotation, and haproxy handles it just fine. That doesn't say how many times the app had to be resubmitted before approval. I'd like to see the rate of first time rejections. I wrote this on his blog: I commend your resolve to continue, but there is one fatal flaw in your argument: point 3. Google has absolutely no intention of ever making money from their telecom products. In fact, Google considers them a cost of business. Why? Because they are trying to build the largest corpus of spoken text in the world. They are simply collecting data. The purpose of that data is to build the best text to speech algorithms in the world, so that they could then make it possible to search for audio. For example, imagine the power of being able to search for a spoken phrase in a youtube video. So I don't ever expect them to shut down the services or charge for them. At least not until they have text to speech down pat. I used to work with the anti-fraud folks at PayPal. Most of them jumped ship to Google about 2 years ago. PayPal was data driven, but required a human to verify the results. Google is simply data driven. That should help explain why they seem even worse than PayPal. The answer was right in the article -- tractor feed paper. 10s of thousands of pages without having to refill a tray. Yet another feature Digg has copied from reddit: http://code.reddit.com :) You can ask me questions here or on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/a2zte Not sure yet. Our site is mostly text. Yes, but it is all dynamic content, which it why it needs so many resources, if that is what you are getting it. Also, Akamai offloads a lot of the traffic from us. We still like PG and gang, we wouldn't want to crap all over them like that. ;) Edit: Since the poster deleted the comment, it said: "You should advertise Hacker News on reddit" By the way, if any of you want in on the beta, mention either YCombinator or Hacker News in your email to betaparty@reddit.com and we'll put you on the top of the beta list. These are all great points. However, I just want to point out that reddit has had sponsored links for 10 months now, and our advertisers have been quite pleased with their conversion rates. We've also run some of our own ads in there, and had fantastic conversion. Competition is good for everyone! We're more than happy to take your money. :) We run all of reddit on ec2, which includes a bunch of postgres servers. Each one is running with a single EBS. However, I've heard horror stories of people trying to run much less busy databases and having lots of problems, usually with MySQL. Those databases are all on XLarge instances, so there is minimal sharing, and we've also gone to great lengths to make sure all of our normal queries are in indexes, so the disk gets hit less. We also have a read slave for every database to alleviate read loads. One thing you might want to do is run 'iostat -xtc' on your current box and put that in a log file. Then go back and analyze it and see what your average and peak reads and writes are. Amazon's max for a single EBS appears to be about 1000 ops / second (at least, that is what we were doing when they told us we maxed out the performance of the disk). Good luck! Edit: I forgot to mention that on all the database disks, we use ext2 and noatime. Both decrease the total number of writes necessary, and have very little downside (the biggest being that you have to fsck on a crash). I'm beginning to thing that MySQL does something very different with disks than Postgres, because everyone I've talked to that said they had a problem had been running MySQL, and everyone who has been successful has been running Postgres (myself included). If you're using Windows, I would stay away from EC2 right now. They aren't quite mature enough for Windows yet. If you look at the EC2 forums, the majority of complaints are about Windows bugs. Actually, you might want to try and get in on Microsoft's Azure beta. We had some of databases at EC2 since November of 2008, and moved the rest of them over in May 2009. To buy physical hardware equivalent to that instance, yes, it would be cheaper. However, you need to also factor in the costs of keeping that machine in a rack for 3 years with power and cooling. When I worked out the costs, it ended up being cheaper to use EC2 by about 30%. My datacenter was a bit expensive, but that is because I was looking at datacenters in San Francisco, since I don't want to have to drive to the middle of nowhere when I have to do maintenance on the physical machine. Also, I was comparing against 1 year reserved instances, which is what I use now. I'm not at liberty to discuss reddit's revenues, but what I can tell you is that the entire operational cost of the site (about $15K last month) is small compared to the human cost (ie. salary and benefits) We use EBS for all of reddit's databases. We occasionally run into IO limits when doing a vacuum, but that is about it. Hopefully soon! > Do you RAID them? No > What size instances do you use? Databases are m1.xlarge. We actually looked at Cassandra and found it to be slower than memcachedb. However, we readily admit that we probably configured it wrong. Just mdadm. Actually, we did work with Amazon. The RAID was their suggestion. That's not entirely true. Yes, it is true that getting servers was hard, and that was definitely a factor. But the bigger factor for me was that I was tired of having to build, image and rack all those servers. I liked the flexibility of EC2, and also not having to waste resources ordering a full rack's worth of hardware every time. Cost was also an issue. Datacenter space in SF is expensive, but it had to be in SF, because that is where I was. EC2 proved to be much cheaper than physical servers. I also like the fact that I don't have to run to the datacenter anymore when there is an issue. I just file a ticket with Amazon. Blaming poor EBS performance would be like blaming Intel for their 4GhZ processor not being able to do your protein folding in 5 seconds. It is simply a known limitation that has to be worked around. Even if we owned the servers, we would have the same limitation -- eventually you just can't get the performance out of a single disk. Could have been. Or possibly something Spez said. Interesting article, and it also explains who was pounding us with traffic. :) Protip: If you are going to scrape a website, put some sleeps into your loop so the person who runs the website doesn't curse your name while their automatic rate limiters kick in and block you anyway. What makes you think reddit stores passwords in the clear? We haven't done that for years , ever since Steve learned his lesson. You can see the code for yourself at http://code.reddit.com if you'd like to verify. Enough that they don't have to worry about working for a while. Check out http://www.reddit.com/r/hardscience That might be what you are looking for. It's cool. We call us (reddit) their R&D department. No, not really. In fact, they don't even mention us when they release their new features that they get from us. ;) Out of curiosity, what is your definition of a "real" engineer. Or to put it another way, why isn't someone who writes software worthy of the title "Engineer"? > Do people who work in software startups generally take Physics, Chemistry, Calc 1-4, Diff Eq, Statics, Dynamics and so on while at University? That is kind of a broad question. But I can tell you that at Berkeley, everyone in the School of Engineering takes those classes, whether you are going to be a materials engineer or a software engineer. Edit: I'll throw this out here too: Definition of Engineering: The application of scientific and mathematical principles to practical ends such as the design, manufacture, and operation of efficient and economical structures, machines, processes, and systems. I would posit that someone writing software uses scientific (debugging) and mathematical (algorithms) principles to practical ends. So would you be ok with calling people software engineers if they had to take a test to get a license and then be responsible for failures of their code in the future? Not when they limit you to 8 characters. :) You just need to head over to the smaller communities to find all the old users. We can't just switch hashing at this point, because none of the data would be in the right place. Since we have to move all the data anyway, we figured now would be a good time to switch stacks. Memcachedb isn't really a very solid product, so even if we scale it, it isn't a good long term solution. Yeah, that was a typo. Memcachedb just isn't fast enough. It used blocking IO when reading the disk, so if it is waiting on the disk for some data, none of the other requests can go through. We have had multiple discussions with the Facebook folks, and are well aware of the complexities of both sites. I believe you are actually underestimating reddit's complexity. Here are some examples: When you load a comments page with 500 comments, there are 1000s of data points that have to be loaded. For every comment, we have to check how you voted on it to draw the arrows, we have to check if you are the author, we have to check if you are allowed to remove that comment as a moderator, we have to check if you can edit it, if the author is your friend, and so on. And we have to do that 500 times. When you load a listing, we have to pull your subscriptions, and then merge the results from all the reddits you subscribe to. Then we have to check most of the same things as we do for comments. After all that checking, we have a to render a page that is customized just for you. Some of that will come from the render cache and some from the data cache, but it is still highly customized. The big difference is that Facebook doesn't have any logged out users, whereas we do. Akamai takes care of our logged out users, but rendering the page for a logged in user is extremely complicated. The search machine is its own database. It feeds its data from the masters for consistency, but the searches themselves run against the search database. I think the MD5 thing was covered well below. Don't forget you need about $10K to file each idea as well. That is probably the biggest barrier to entry. > Can anyone point me to a startup doing something cool that has he potential to change the world? As cliche as it is to say it -- Facebook. Actually, they have already changed the world. How so? I graduated high school in 1995. At the time, a few people had email, but we didn't really use it to stay in touch. When we graduated and went to different colleges, we pretty much lost touch. We might see these people during break, but I stopped going home at break. I've reconnected with a whole bunch of high school friends thanks to Facebook. And you know what? When you talk to kids that are graduating now, they don't identify loosing touch with their friends as a problem. Even if they go to different schools, they just check out Facebook, and they are all caught up. When they go home for break, they just pick up where they left off on Facebook the day before. Yes, but that is their own fault for trying to use a regex to validate email addresses. :) Was anyone else really thrown off by the strange choices in bold and italic? reddit uses the Wilson algo for comment sorting: http://blog.reddit.com/2009/10/reddits-new-comment-sorting-s... I started college when I was 12, and yes, I was more mature than most of my classmates. However, I didn't go full time. I still went back to high school. There is some social learning that you just miss out on if you don't spend time with your age-peers. High School sucked, but I'd still do it all over again. In the best interest of the kid, they should really send him to interact with some age-peers in some sort of activity, if not High School. That said, I don't think UConn should be preventing him, especially if his mom will go at her expense. > How many non-millionaires would have $25k lying around Me? Just to clarify, I wasn't advocating holding the kid back. I was just saying it is important to have that social interaction with your age-peers, especially as a teen. As some anecdotal evidence, take some of my college classmates who also started early. Most of us went back to high school, but a few just went full time college. After two years, this one guy wanted to transfer to Cal Tech. He was more than smart enough, but after the interview, they told him he wasn't social enough. They suggested to him that he join some youth clubs and get some social interaction with his peers, and they would reconsider him. So he joined every club he could find, and it made a huge difference. He was much easier to talk to and just more fun to be around. And then he transferred to Cal Tech. We (reddit) are not currently able to take credit cards with addresses outside the United States. Hopefully soon we will be able to do so. I'm sorry to hear you had a bad experience. One thing to bear in mind is that we (reddit) also run affiliate links, so you were competing directly with us. If they clicked on our link first, you won't get credit for it. They may also not count the click from that user twice, which could explain your lower numbers. Our traffic numbers come from the same system we use to track our own website traffic, so we work very hard to make sure it is as accurate as possible, since we sell our own advertising based on those numbers, and if they were over-inflated, our other advertisers would complain vociferously. I suspect the error lies in the affiliate program, who has an incentive to under-report. However, if you'd like to provide us with the numbers you got from your affiliate program, we would be love to take a look and try to figure out what happened. Edit: I forgot to mention that AdBlock blocks a lot of affiliate trackers, but a lot of reddit users specifically disable adblock for reddit, so that might also be a source of the discrepancy. > Maybe reddit is consciously doing this. Maybe. :) In fact, we use reddit quite a bit, and the flashy ads annoy us just as much as the rest of you. We do our best to keep the ads relevant and non-annoying. If we could afford it, we would just turn the ads off, but sadly, we have to pay the bills somehow. > What I personally took away from it was that you should run your ad for two days, and then not run similar again for a month or so. Yeah, we try to tell people that. The problem is that once someone acts on your ad, we don't show it to them again. So your impressions are expected to drop off rapidly. We need to do a better job of communicating that. > This comment, however, isn't helpful, and obviously isn't true. Sure it is true. We would love to run the site without ads. There are other business models besides straight ads, and we are working on moving towards those. They just aren't profitable yet. Please stand by. It is our most requested feature, and should be ready soon. Please send us the link when you do! Congrats to the team! Also, thank you for featuring the reddit logo on your homepage. ;) I think we can now conclusively prove that having a reddit logo on your homepage leads to a successful exit. You forgot to include reddit, which can help a startup build a community around their product. :) > How did they (advertisers) know this box was open and active? The post office told them -- hey sell their customer list. :( So deliver to businesses on the five weekdays and homes on Saturday but not Wednesday. To be fair, most billionaires do. Congrats to the embed.ly team for doing it right and making our job easier. We are trying to be a lot better about keeping everything in sync. Our goal right now is to publish weekly, but we'll see how that actually works out. (I'm one of the reddit guys) ;) We used to do it that way, but we stopped because it was breaking people's installs. Sometimes we have to push half-baked code, and if you sync at that point, bad things may happen. Also, we stopped doing it because it meant revealing features before we were ready to reveal them, like sponsored links. That is when we split the public and live repos. Before that, the public repo was the live repo. > Well, part of the git workflow is branches. Internally we use a lot of branches and tagging and versioning, etc. The problem is if we published everything live, it would add a lot of overhead for us. While we do eventually publish everything, we are still a for profit company, and occasionally have to keep things secret for business reasons (like new features). Keeping track of what code is for a new features vs a fix to an old one would add a lot of overhead that we just have the time for. In the name of reduced overhead, we only publish to the public repository once we have released a feature and it is fully baked. > As for controlled feature revelation, I think that's counter to the spirit of open source community -- the community is not really on equal footing with the company. It like you're saying "aren't we nice to share our code with you" rather than "let's all work on this together". We very much embrace open source -- we use only open source software and we contribute back as much as we can. However, we are still a for profit company, and occasionally have to keep things secret (especially new features, for competitive reasons). So yeah, unfortunately the community really isn't on the same footing as us. The idea is that the code is modular enough that if someone wants to work on a new feature, they should be able to do so without having to worry about what we are doing, and for the most part that is the case. That's not quite correct. Our original Cassandra nodes were on XLs. Only the new ones were on Ls, and that was because we couldn't get XLs during the outage. Later in the outage Amazon helped us get the XLs we needed. That's not quite correct. Our original Cassandra nodes were on XLs. Only the new ones were on Ls, and only temporarily. An homage if you will. If you have any suggestions for new ones, let me know. We know that our code is not our key advantage -- it is our community. We're not quite that talented. ;) Yeah, we use EC2. We are trying to move towards your model, which is, I think, better. But when we started no one really knew what the "right way" was, so we went with custom AMIs. Not a lot right now, but hopefully more with this release. Here is where we publish most of the info about search: http://www.reddit.com/help/search In short, it used to be a fulltext search through the database, and now is is Solr built on Lucene. However, I think PG's essay about why he doesn't have a better search on HN applies equally to reddit -- because there are much better things to spend time on. > That's a job skill right? Depends on what you do with the VM. I'll tell you why I'd like to get there. It makes updating the master image easier. If you need a new package, you just update on the server side, and then all the new images get that new package. No rebundling required. It also helps when you want to upgrade your OS. As long as the packages are mostly the same, you can just run your update script from the new OS and make a few changes. The way I have to do it now, I have to build a whole new master image from scratch, because I can't upgrade Ubuntu in place on EC2 due to the way they handle the kernel and kernel modules. Sorry if you felt the title is misleading -- it certainly wasn't my intention. It's just hard to fit all the info into 80 characters. Yes, it does. But you probably aren't starting instances that often, and it only adds a few minutes. If you really need a fast boot, then you can still use an image. However keep in mind, on EC2 at least, that the images are actually downloaded from S3 when you boot, so if you have a huge image, it will take almost as much time. These are the only ones we know about (and I think 1/2 of those are dead): http://code.reddit.com/wiki/PoweredByReddit The goal with open sourcing was never to have clones -- it was to get people to dev the features that they felt were important but we did not, or did not have the time for. Being able to make an easy clone was just a side effect. I didn't say it wasn't useful. I just said there are better things to work on with our limited resources. The most important piece of information was that the VM is fully functional, which your title omits. Lesswrong is awesome. It is my favorite reddit derivative. If your username is the same on reddit as here, you don't appear to have ever been banned. If that's not the case, email me and we'll try and figure it out. Did you have trouble running the VM? You need to not read the default list. I don't. Your browser is mis-configured. reddit gives you the language that your browser says you prefer. > The problem with Reddit is that it does not localize content, only the interface. It should be either both or none. That's not true. It has localized interfaces and content. The non-english content just isn't very popular. In your preferences, do you have it set to hide things that you've upvoted? As a Berkeley grad from SoCal, who attended Berkeley during the rise of hella, I am very much against this. I did everything in my power to stop the spread of hella, but clearly I failed. That's cost for future R&D -- they don't pay a dividend. All that money goes in the bank. They did say "costs for our continued investment in AdSense". Profit is the continued investment part. But we right -- the mexican food IS worse. It's made up for by the Thai and Indian food, so it's all good. I think the more interesting news here is that Apple is now the second largest company in America (about $50 billion behind Exxon). Thank you for doing this. Much like http://www.searchreddit.com/ , this is cool but missing a lot of data and features. You may want to check out these links, also: http://www.searchreddit.com/faq.php http://www.reddit.com/help/search Email me your IP (jedberg@reddit.com) and we'll see if we can figure it out. I own a fund that owns shares of every public company on the market (VTI). Does that mean I have to say "I own this" any time I talk about stock? You're right -- I should have either said "most valuable" or "largest by market cap". Hey PG. Just wanted to let you know that the name of the alien was a secret... until 2 days ago. :) They have a large Cassandra node which they are using for some of their data, but it is not the primary datastore yet. Much like how we (reddit) are using it for a chunk of our data, but we still have Postgres as our canonical source. We are however moving slowly towards more Cassandra. ># Performance is better because data is accessed from memory instead of through a database to a disk. ># Scalability is linear because as more servers are added data is transparently load balanced across the servers so there is an automated in-memory sharding. ># Availability is higher because multiple copies of data are kept in memory and the entire system reroutes on failure. ># Application development is faster because there’s only one layer of software to deal with, the cache, and its API is simple. All the complexity is hidden from the programmer which means all a developer has to do is get >and put data. All but the first thing apply to disk based databases too... At least the new ones like Cassandra, as well as the old ones with the right packages. I bought her a ring and then she bought me a TV and surround sound system. I get a hot tub later. Then we'll be about even. :) You're not their biggest customer, but you're up there. :) We don't discuss that, but Conde isn't a charity. They wouldn't keep us around if it wasn't worthwhile. reddit currently has 73 instances with this breakdown: 25 c1.xlarge 26 m1.large 22 m1.xlarge c1.xl are generally app servers, m1.xl are generally databases (either postgres or cassandra) and the m1.l are other stuff. This sounds like "Pirates of the Silicon Valley 2" Yeah, I would have put HN at least 10x faster. ;) Thanks for the suggestions. Some we have tried, others we would like to, and some are totally new. The big problem is that we spend most of our time just keeping the site up and don't have time to focus on these ideas, and Conde is unwilling to invest. We're hoping the reddit gold money gives us the flexibility to bring in the talent we need to make some of those ideas happen. > but I can't really see paying for reddit now. If I may ask, what did we do to lose you? > But that begs the question: if I'm paying reddit, why am I not giving back to the content authors that reddit linked to? Hopefully when you visit their sites, you are involving yourself in whatever their method of monitization is. Subscriptions, viewing ads, whatever it is. > once you start charging me I'm going to gain some expectations. Downtime is going to be harder to excuse then it was before is just one example. One of the main reasons we hesitated so long. We didn't want to let down the community, especially those that paid. As always, we will do our best to keep the site up, and hopefully this new income will make it so we can afford the redundant servers we need to do a better job at it. It has nothing to do with that. It is simply that EC2 offers us the best bang for the buck for our requirements (one of the main ones being able to spin up a lot of iron very quickly). They're not actually one of the most expensive. Yes it is true, they are more expensive than others, and if I were starting a new company I might not use them from the start, but they offer us one thing that no one else seems to be able to handle -- the ability to spin up a lot of heavy iron quickly to absorb sudden changes in traffic. The legal argument isn't that bizarre. :) Our lawyers fear foreign laws and will not deal with them. That being said, we are working on expanding into some of the other English speaking countries. We actually moved from a datacenter to EC2. The problem is we all live in the Bay Area, where data centers cost a lot of money. We can't afford to hire a hand on person in a cheap place, so it turns out EC2 (and other cloud solutions) are just cheaper. Also, one thing that is nice with EC2 is that we can spin up a lot of big iron when we need to absorb new kinds of traffic. I can't do that in my own datacenter. That was actually one of the things we already tried. I think in a month we made enough for a cup of coffee. The problem is that we aren't just selling ad space. We are running what might be considered an "auction" in some jurisdictions (it isn't in the United States), and that is what the lawyers fear. They want to make sure we won't get dinged for running an illegal auction. > Just curious -- why don't you start a new company? Stay tuned. :) > It's obvious that your work isn't being respected by your current employers. Hmmm, I've never really thought about it that way before. > Does reddit mean a lot to you personally? It does. I've worked for reddit officially for over 3.5 years, and I've been friends with Steve and Alexis for almost 5 years. I've watched reddit grow from a tiny site to the huge site it is now. And when Steve and Alexis left, the put it in our hands to take good care of it. It's like watching your friend's kid grow up, and then one day becoming their guardian. reddit's been a big part of my life. Actually, it isn't so much the traffic. It's when something like Cassandra suddenly stops working correctly and we need to take emergency action to keep the site up by, for example, doubling our memcached pool temporarily. None of the VPS's can give us that many nodes that quickly. Also, bandwidth is by far our lowest cost. It is less than 5% of our total bill. > Is it that the overhead of running on two different providers not worth the money you'd save? Or is this something you've considered doing but haven't had the time to implement yet? Pretty much yes to both of these. With so few of us, the overhead of running it and moving to it just doesn't make sense at this time. Each time we've had a new programmer come on board, it takes about 6 months for them to become familiar enough with the code to make a solid contribution. In the mean time, it actually slows us down a bit. That was the main reason we didn't seek programming interns this summer -- it's a great thought, but would probably take too long to ramp them up. You forgot user page sorting. :) We were overwhelmed by the response. We are excited that we are able to do things with that money already (more on that later). But to be honest, the best part has been the postcards. Every day a big stack arrives, and it is awesome. I can't tell you how good it feels to get a stack of postcards all telling you how awesome you are and how you're changed people's lives. We use one year reserved instances because our budgets are done annually. The database is rarely accessed in request. Almost all DB access comes from batch processes. About 20% of the users are logged in, and they represent about 50% of the page views. > and I don't have access to their code/architecture/etc Actually, you do! :) http://code.reddit.com But to help you out, I'll tell you that a good chunk of the expensive loops are written in C. The bandwidth is less than 5% of the total cost. It's about $2500 a month. We had dedicated servers. It saved us 30% a month to move to EC2. Was there ever a question about that? I thought that was pretty much a fact. Of course static typed languages are faster. I don't want to commit for that long to a single type of instance. I meant that we used to have our own datacenter. Yes, the dedicated servers might be less. But when one of them breaks, I have to wait for the provider to fix it. On EC2, I can replace it in 5 minutes. I meant that we used to have our own datacenter. Yes, the dedicated servers might be less. But when one of them breaks, I have to wait for the provider to fix it. On EC2, I can replace it in 5 minutes. > I started out on VPSs and saved a lot moving to dedicated servers once it made sense to. For the dedi servers I use I don't have to pay for RAM monthly, and I get bandwidth at a good price. EC2 doesn't charge for RAM either and the bandwidth is at a great price. > The kind of money you're paying on servers is just obscene. It's really not that much more than other hosting providers, and they offer features that the other ones don't. The two biggest being the speed with which I can add new machines and the speed I can add more disk. > I wonder why google, yahoo and facebook don't run their site on ec2... if it's cheaper. Well, for one, they are A LOT bigger than us. But you'd be surprised who DOES run on EC2. The biggest one I'm allowed to tell you about is Netflix. Their entire streaming service is run off EC2. I guess they're idiots too, huh? > But they don't. So they use none of the upside, and have all of the downside. Yay! That's not true at all. We shut down machines when we are over capacity (rarely) and we often have to bring up a bunch of new machines where there is a traffic spike. I'm too lazy to do the research, but what happens when you scale that up to the 23TB a month that we are doing (which doesn't include the 49TB of cross datacenter traffic that is super cheap)? Amazon cuts us a price break at the higher tiers. Do the other guys? This is all true. reddit is a great place to work if you want to learn a lot, get some great experience, and have a really strong influence on the product. But it is not a startup -- there is no big upside. And I don't think Hipmunk is hiring yet. :) Or we just update it so it evals to the same answer. :) Aww shucks. Thanks! ps. Still looking for a job? :) That's a silly reason not to apply. If anything, you can feel good knowing that you beat the crowd. I've been replying as quickly as I can. If you said anything that requires more than "Yep, you got it" it'll take a little longer. I think by far the most telling part of this was this quote: "Then it told me to reboot my machine. Why should I do that? I reboot every night -- why should I reboot at that time?" No wonder he has no idea how horrible Windows is. He resets it every day. Because my grandmother was insanely cheap, we had this thing where she would call and hang up after one ring, and then we would call her back. Then the phone company got priority ringing, so we just wouldn't pick up when she called. Anyway, your thing about double-ringing reminded me. I'm well aware of that. I'm just saying that most of us hard core folks did not, which is why we complain more about Windows. Matt Groening figured this out a long time ago. He says that whenever he creates a new character, it has to be recognizable in silhouette. Look at all his characters. Bart, Homer, Leela, Bender, Fry. None of them need color. It's not just them. YC has produced a good number of qualified investors at this point. ;) I'm surprised they got Paul in pants -- must have been a cold day to get him to not wear shorts. sell sugar water. I was the first actual employee (everyone else is considered a founder), and I was hired after the acquisition. Yes, it is true that I would have joined beforehand too for a lot less, but just the same, it was nice to have health care and a steady check. We have a new guy starting in November, but yes, it is true. We are still in the corner of Wired's office. We figure we can get at least 8 people in there! I think that is all of us. :) We're not in it for the money, because the money isn't that great. Conde is a private company with no stock either. That's absolutely true. If I had stayed at eBay, I would be making more money, and would be responsible for a tiny little part of the company. Yep, that was me. Lists like this aren't generally shared, because then the nefarious bots would know they had been caught. Well behaved bots tend to use useragents that make themselves fairly obvious. The best bet is to watch your logs for an IP or agent that seems to hit more URLs than anyone else, and then investigate by hand. No, a dream job would be all the responsibility with twice the money and stock and revenue sharing. :) I used to work in the ResHalls as Berkeley, and I can tell you a couple of reasons they haven't done a Gig-E upgrade. The first is that the upgrade from 10Mbps to 100Mbps was easy, because they just had to change out the switches and router blades, which require upgrades every few years anyway. Going from 100 to 1000 is a lot harder, because the physical cables in the wall are on the cheap side (it is a University after all) and can't support Gig-E. So it would require a complete rewiring of the res Halls. That, coupled with that fact that generally speaking there is little difference in speed when talking to the internet at 100 vs. 1000, it just isn't worth the upgrade. Most students don't notice/care, and also most of them just want to be able to move their laptops around without dealing with cables. They just want the internet to work wherever they happen to be on campus. Presumably this is a good test of high end usage. It seems like they are using this is a stress test, not so much a "regular usage" test. Although, not all of those professors are Computer Science, and they have famillies that live with them, with kids and husbands and wives that have normal jobs. Most of them probably use the Internet the same way as any well to do professional and their family would. Well, the biggest upside is that there are basically 4 of us running a top 100 internet site, so we each get a lot of responsibility. Also, anything we do affects the lives of literally millions of people, which is pretty cool. And yes, the warm fuzzies I get when see the reddit community do something awesome are what keep me coming back day after day. Knowing that in some small way, I helped facilitate that awesomeness. I tried that once. They cut me off after 5 temp numbers in one day. I wasn't even trying to cheat -- I was just buying a bunch of stuff from different vendors. It makes it so there is less friction to spinning up more paid instances. At least he didn't taint the reddit name too. :) They run their entire streaming service from EC2, which at the best price is 8 cents /GB. Assuming they worked out a deal (which I've never heard of Amazon doing), they might be as low as say 4 cents. So I'd say best case you need to at least 1/2 your numbers. The purpose of a cofounder is not to help alleviate load. It is to have someone tell you no, that your idea/implementation/justification sucks. They question your moves and make you justify them. Having a cofounder keeps you in check and keeps you from straying too far off the successful path. Why not rent it out as a coworking space to startups in Cambridge? You could even extend the YC model a bit and rent it out cheap in exchange for some equity > It's hard to imagine an hour spent managing the logistics of a coworking space in Boston that isn't better spent on one of the large number of startups YC is advising already. I was thinking more along the lines of diversifying income while keeping what is a great piece of real estate. If there is enough demand, it could even warrant hiring a part time real estate manager, so that precious time is not diverted. > That's in addition to the fact that YC was never really a coworking program itself; Exactly. Again, diversification in to a new area. > Also: who gives away equity for office space? Don't do that. I would personally never do it, but I was just throwing it out there as another option.