They certainly already are.[1] The double-edged sword of encryption is that anyone can use it. With the recent paranoia of leaks, politicians now have a legitimized cover story for the use of apps like Signal, Confide, and the like. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2017/2/9/14561786/confide-messaging-... See a doctor. This isn't normal. The above poster is referring to the lopsided representation of voters due to the electoral college and the degree of contestedness of particular states. For instance, I can be comfortable not voting in California because it is so overwhelmingly blue that, in effect, my vote "didn't count". The same is not true of many midwestern states, where the two major parties are in a dead heat. I am currently dating someone who is in an open marriage. To be honest I don't know much about their home life, but they don't have kids and are still kind of settling down, finding their way. She is happy in general, and has exposed to me no complaints about her situation in life, aside from money. The pursuit of such an arrangement in her case is about really involving oneself in the life of another person, much like typical relationships you see today. She's a self-described humanist. Others may use it purely as a sexual outlet, but from the polyamorous/nonmonogomous people I've spoken to, this is rarely the case. I wonder occasionally if our situation is a way to hedge against those moments in marriage where things become a little more difficult. She obviously has more than enough love to give for both of us (and whomever else she may be seeing) but of course sometimes even those who give most can become strained. Likewise if things get "boring" or "monotonous", she can simply seek a new partner that stimulates her. Being cute and petite means she has the luxury of having a choice with relatively little effort. Tinder in a big city means she has a large pool to choose from. As a form of having new and invigorating experiences with interesting human beings, open relationships seem to provide everything you need with few restrictions. At the same time, in such a commitment as marriage, one has to wonder if it can turn into a form of escapism if left unchecked. I am curious if this trend has the potential to dissolve the current marriage trope as we know it into something more fluid. Nation-states still incentivize it with tax breaks because close-knit families have more kids, but there are likewise factors (like financial instability) that influence marriage rates in the other direction.[1] [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/soloish/wp/2016/06/06/wh... This is a typical refrain, but doesn't account for second-order effects. At first, the price will drop. But the ongoing supply will pile up and need to be stored somewhere. Storing stuff is generally more expensive than not producing it. So production downsizes, and the little amount of product that ends up being produced costs more per unit than the larger-scale production process, and so prices go up. Also, prices will go up at the end of this transition due to scarcity and an ability to weasel money out of people who will pay more to hold on to what they're used to. It seems to be too good, making the sounds too crisp and technical, rather than having a comfortable reverb that one can relax into. Here in Germany, all these bike lanes exist and function more or less as well as they can. Taxis tend to play chicken with you a lot, but they also respect your space if you claim it. The main difference between here and where I learned to drive (CA, US) is driver's education. Bicycles are not treated as second-class in the driving curriculum: you are required to check over your right shoulder every time you take a right turn. The presence of marked bike lanes helps reinforce this notion. You will still find those who park in or walk on them, which is annoying, but overall I feel safer here riding my bike than in the US. Same here! Deutsches Technikmuseum? Productivity has been rising steadily pretty much since they started keeping track of it, while the median family income has stagnated over the past 40 years or so.[1] Productivity is defined as the ratio of the volume of outputs to inputs, or equivalently, the "money out to the money in." If the money is not going to the median families, where is it going? It certainly isn't going to the lower class. It is going to the upper class, and is seen as a "concentration of wealth" since the money is all going into more or less the same pockets (the fuzziness of the wording is due to the fact that sometimes people die and other people become richer to move into the upper class). To come to the challenge posed in your comment, let's examine some other indicators of inequality.[2] The top 1% holds around 42% of the wealth. Meanwhile, the bottom 50% holds around 1% of the wealth. Doesn't that seem a bit ... unequal? Of course, to have valid concepts of "top 1%" inequality must of course exist on some level, but the disparity is staggering. There are 160 million people in the bottom 50%, and about 3 million in the top 1%. The average person in the top 1% holds about $2240 for every $1 belonging to the average person in the bottom 50%. The price of a $1m car to the top 1% is on par with the cost of a current-gen gaming console (~$450) to the bottom 50%, on average. Even without getting into the top 0.1% and their obscene amounts of money hoarding, this is a lot. We can go there too if you want. We could also just ask the people who arguably have the best access to such data: the Congressional Budget Office.[3] The graphic on the front cover is enough to illustrate the difference, but you can also go through the findings in the body if you need more convincing. All of this is freely available on the internet, and found with Google via "total wealth in the us". Either you didn't know this was possible, or you don't want to know the facts. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Productivity_and_Real_Med... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._economic_variables_r... [3] https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/114th-congress-2015-... As of 2013, the top 10% of people had 85% of the wealth and the bottom 90% of people had 15% of the wealth.[1] FRED says the total net worth of households and nonprofit organizations was $79 trillion.[2] The population of the US at the end of 2013 was around 317 million.[3] Crunching the numbers, we can determine that the top 10% had $67.15 trillion. If this full amount is distributed equally to every person in the bottom 90%, as the question states (let's call this the "kill the bourgeoisie" scenario), each person in the bottom 90% would receive $235,000 on average. If we wanted to forcefully distribute the money while leaving the people at the top intact (let's call this "blunt force redistribution") such that the current top 10% has 10% of the wealth, then each person in the bottom 90% would receive $208,000 on average. I would definitely consider this a life-changing amount of money. [1] http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/images/wealth/Net... via http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/wealth.html [2] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/HNONWRA027N [3] https://www.census.gov/popclock/ Edit: Especially when you consider that this article[4] came out in 2013, a majority of people will be able to 1) basically completely exit debt and 2) start contributing substantially to the economy again. Not to mention afford college, afford healthcare, afford good food for themselves and their children, drop a whole lot of stress, and generally build their lives back up. There would be zero people below the poverty line. Who knows if the traditional refrain of "velocity of money increasing means inflation means collapse" would be realized in such a radical redistribution, and if a sudden and drastic shift such as that would end up hurting more than helping. We can only ever play the speculation game in matters like these. The numbers in the main body reflect also the worth of nonprofits. Not sure on the proportions on that one, but even if you take it to be 10% of all the wealth (IMO an absurdly high estimate) the number still shifts to $187,000 per person in the bottom 90%. [4] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... >They would receive assets valued at 208,000$ at current (arguably inflated) prices, most of it not being cash. You might expect the biggest expropriation in US history to be somewhat upsetting to the markets. Technically true, but the path of this redistribution would be in the form of taxation and offered public services, which is extracted purely as cash. According to the Obamacare website, poverty levels are around $11,000 per person, scaling sublinearly with the number of people in a single household. If we use that as a baseline, we'd need to tax the top 10% about 5% more per year and redistribute that in cash or an equivalent value of provided services (education, healthcare, etc.) to create a buffer that effectively nullifies the concept of a poverty level. In reality this would likely be applied more as a progressive tax, so the top earners would be taxed more and more benefits would go to the people who are actually poor. This is running on the egregious assumption that people can only choose one option to make them happy, and that there are only two options to choose from. It may be applicable now for the most part (when people worry about spoiling the vote, they will support one of the two) but in a situation where other parties have a serious chance of gaining a seat and people have multiple choices they approve of, this theory begins to break down. This problem has existed long before the most recent iteration of healthcare "reform". People (real Americans!) have consistently voted in the representatives who are trying to undo a medical system that covers everyone because they are so enamored with the free market ideal and hate the idea of contributing to their country in the form of taxes. Would you please provide the exact law? MAPS[1] is a non-profit specifically dedicated to gathering and allocating funding for such studies, and considering how long they've been around doing what they're doing, I'd say they've figured out how to bypass the stringent requirements and remain on this side of the law. Full disclosure, I was involved with them briefly. The paperwork process needed to get the rights to run such trials lasts years, but they are eventually successful in making the studies a reality. [1] http://www.maps.org A lot of people in SV today are transplants. The process of exchanging keys will theoretically leak metadata unless you already have an established secure line. In which case you will not need to open a new one, defeating the purpose. Anyway, the most secure method of communication would be to leave all electronic devices somewhere far away and ideally locked in a solid metal box, then meeting in person somewhere where surveillance is hard or impossible. In the ideal case this will obfuscate all metadata including sender and receiver, unless someone happens to see you travelling to or away from the meeting place. This might be the most well-articulated breakdown of the tribalization of these issues that I've ever seen, and how unhelpful it all is. Do you write anywhere else? I'd be happy to read more of your writing. More ideological "free-market fanboyism." In a world where everyone has the money they want to (or must) spend, this is certainly true. But these voluntary interactions are unfortunately only granted to those who, before the thought enters their minds, possess the means to engage in them. The general trend that has become apparent for people who are not consistently able to engage in such interactions is that it's really easy to make more money when you have some, and very hard to make money when you have little. Any form of investment, monetary or otherwise, requires some upfront value to be presented. Usually this is capital. If you don't have this you are left in the dust by those who have the luxury to put that money up now. The end result is that those things which are valuable to those who can engage in voluntary interactions are supported while those that hold no value die from being crowded out. This is, from my perspective, the driving force for the libertarianism of modern SV: policies and actions which help people with money make more money will be adopted because they have the upfront capital, etc. to enact it. This will breed inequality as those policies in general are not helpful or even directly hurt those with less money. People will always do this. The goal becomes to leave the power in a democratized space, as socialism dictates. When labor members own their fair shares of the companies that are interacting on the market, they will make decisions socially and profit proportionally. Exploitation in its current form will be greatly reduced. Naturally any economic system bears its own unique issues to contend with, but these can be addressed in time for what seems at this point to be a net improvement in inequality. >the free market is economically more efficient You never specified your definition of "efficient." I can only assume that "value-generating at a high rate" is your working definition. If so, there is no connection between a high efficiency and a lack of exploitation. Exploitation of people via coercion, exploitation of a lack of regulations leading to concentration of wealth, etc. > You're using your own personal definition of "voluntary" which is not inline with the conventional definition. My definition of "voluntary" is equivalent to that of "non-coercive." I'm not sure that yours is the same. You speak about people choosing to use Uber as if they have a choice, and not as if they are coerced by the circumstances (lack of jobs in their field, outstanding debt, mouths to feed...). Your choice is to ignore these different scenarios and focus only on those who voluntarily take part in driving for Uber. This is a dishonest practice and does not reflect reality. > Someone being poor is certainly capable of engaging in voluntary economic interactions, and there's no evidence at all to suggest otherwise. If you have no money, then you cannot spend money. You have no value to contribute to an economy, and can only participate by receiving value at no cost, which never happens. The evidence is not needed, and is in fact impossible to provide, because this is a clear-cut deduction. If you think differently, you need to clarify your standing. > How is it apparent that the poor are unable to engage in such interactions when wages for the poor are growing at their fastest rate in history? Because poor people are poor... Having more than a tiny bit of something is still not very much. They can participate in more , sure, but is that enough ? Depends entirely on the context: where they live, what services are available there, etc. To put things a bit bluntly, most of the places in the world aren't very fun to live in for the reason that there's not a lot available and not a lot of earning potential to pay for what is there. Globalization still fails at the "last mile," with the exception of some supply chains such as Coca-Cola's. I don't disagree that some regulatory restrictions are making things hard for your everyday Jane, but the solution would be instead to regulate those at the top more, rather than regulate those at the bottom less. Using your hedge fund example from Brookings, the problem is not that other types of funds are not allowed to do the same things as hedge funds, but instead that hedge funds are allowed to do things that others aren't, leading to a massive concentration of wealth that wouldn't be possible otherwise. This is an uneven playing field but deregulating it only gives power to those who use force, physical or otherwise, to get what they want while leaving those at the bottom with little more than crumbs. I'm not sure why you are linking to those biases as I don't believe to have expressed any of them. Again, you will need to be clearer if your message is to be understood accurately. Hoo boy, this touched a nerve. How would you stop working for Uber if you couldn't get other jobs? How would you move house if you had no money to do so? http://alumni.media.mit.edu/~jorkin/goap.html One could argue that this perspective is essentially drilled into them (and likewise men for the stereotypical man things) from a very young age because we/they are surrounded by media, advertising, and humans that reinforce these desires and discourage others. How is the job market going to be skewed towards the employer? That statement needs some clarification. The way it seems to me, it would make sense that actually jobs would shift away from menial tasks (which will be replaced by automation eventually anyway) in favor of things that people actually consider a valuable use of time. You can't get people to do jobs they don't want to do if they don't have to do them . At least, not at a scale that leads to the situation you seem to be implying. If you had $2000 in your pocket every month why would you waste your time on a job that pays $9/hr? Maybe you'll find some people who take 5- or 10-hr/wk contracts so they have a little extra beer money, but it definitely would eliminate the need to submit yourself to the job market woes that currently plague the poor. People value their time with a money analogue, since this is a moneyed system we're living in, so you won't find many who will choose to earn less than what they can see themselves paying on a daily basis. Then the economic system that allows this to pass is unnecessarily endangering human lives. People and their egos crave control. With something like driving, you feel at least somewhat in control of your own destiny. Coming face to face with a shark does not afford the same sense, same with an unstoppable chain reaction occurring deep in a nuclear reactor and the ensuing fallout. How does one differentiate "expatriate" and "emigrant"? Why is the term "expatriate" only reserved for those who originate from Western countries? I see your point about basic programming skill and exposure, but it also doesn't help that often the requirements are inflated somewhat to attract better talent and keep the chaff out. Job seekers learn to discount some of the prerequisites for this reason. You are issuing a false equivalency here. The opioid epidemic is largely catalyzed by the fact that prescription rates are boosted because doctors are incentivized with money. Furthermore, opiates carry a physical dependency after long enough, creating a positive feedback loop. As a third point, the prescriptions are usually issued for those who are under intolerable pain and so the path to addiction is somewhat smoothed by the fact that they simply need to take that much of the drug to feel human again. Before you know it, you're hooked. Psilocybin suffers none of these problems. It would be more intellectually honest to compare it to something like marijuana and its uptake in society. Would you please clarify what you mean? > But we tend to hold tech icons like Google to a higher standard, and trust them much further, than we do with oil companies or banks. We have to if we want to overcome the cognitive dissonance involved with trusting them with our data in the face of such news as that linked above. If we can't trust them to play nice on this, how can we expect them to protect our privacy from snoops? Great advice for people with a disposable income. Some people just want to understand. Want to donate money to me so I can play around with it? Thanks! I have no income at the moment and I will likely remain in this state for the next two years. I am not sure that my savings will last me that long, so I am erring on the safe side while still being interested in learning about the current technologies. Not everyone reading HN has money to spare, or a job that allows them such luxuries. Not everyone who wants to study blockchain is interested in making money just because they can. Considering my income is $0, I suppose my statement was correct. Hey, a real suggestion that doesn't presume I have a job with a crazy salary and no idea what to do with my newfound fortune! I'm honestly surprised to find this on HN. On which platform can I try virtual investing? When you're a trained phlebotomist as the article states, there is simply no excuse for any negligence surrounding blood withdrawal laws. The police department would not send someone who is not trained in these laws and protocols or else the chief would be in hot water. You are making apologies to protect people whose job it is to know how to draw blood according to appropriate health precautions and legal precedents. Why not both? Send a message loud and clear that roughing up well-meaning and innocent citizens shall never be tolerated and will be prosecuted with a great risk to one's personal accumulated wealth. It would certainly replace unemployment benefits but certainly not health- and family-based welfare. Though the children could receive something like $800/month for the first, $600/month for the second, and so on up to the fourth which is compensated for $200/month. Anything above that will not be compensated. The diminishing returns will discourage people from having more kids just to have more money, and also will appease those who are afraid of "welfare queens" who only have kids to get money from the state. We know that the contingency of people actually doing that is practically nonexistent but it will assuage those who are still concerned about it. Maybe it's just me, but >some sort of busywork that has some social benefit sounds like so much more of a trap and a hellhole than hanging out at home with the potential to produce the things you love. There will be some who simply don't contribute at all, but think of all the artists who could contribute to social good through culture enrichment who are stuck in the stereotypical barista/retail/waiter job who have no time to contribute to their community outside of their two jobs. You think they are already contributing maximally? They will be climbing out of a local optimum (making money to scrape by( to pursue their global optimum (producing art that enriches others' lives and gives them a sense of meaning, and possible a path out of crippling depression). Edit: I should also include that "some social benefit" can be twisted to mean anything. One person handing out tickets, another stamping a wrist, and a third saying "enjoy the show" arguably provides social benefit but there is a significant opportunity cost involved with railroading people into these sorts of jobs. This is predicated on the assumption that goods are scarce. Are they scarce due to natural constraints or are they scarce artificially to drive up profits? Oh yeah, shit, how could we forget about that? Being a student is enough of a job, thanks. Your assumption that I should have a job on top of this, without knowing my life or financial situation, is evidence that people rarely consider lives apart from their own on websites such as this. >you can't expect police officers to know the law That's a really sad statement. The people enforcing the law should know the law . There is no excuse. We have very cheap digital storage now. There is no excuse. Too much of anything can be bad for you. Stretches of the Pacific Crest Trail are also unsegregated shoulders of Highway 1. >Law does not exist outside of interpretation. So I'm not very sure how a storage device would help. You answer your own question with this line: >You should read some "cases". I assume you expect me to look these up on some digital storage medium. >In any practical situation, you're not going to have all the facts While true in the abstract, it's rather dishonest to apply this concept to the case in the article. Police departments won't send people totally nonversed in phlebotomy law to collect blood samples unless they are not doing their job correctly. If they are not doing their job correctly, they deserve reprimand and correction. There's a reason that jurisdictions exist. It is to prevent those who have not studied the particulars of a subset of legal code to exercise power in the absence of comprehension of that subset. It seems you are approaching this topic from the perspective that technological progress is of most value. For others, ethical progress--that is, technological progress that does not impede on human rights--is of higher value than technological progress alone. >[I]s Raytheon's freedom to use a compiler as important as individual freedom? "As important" is a distraction: comparing degrees of importance with respect to rights and freedoms will always be a rabbit hole into which you will get lost as you differentiate infinitesimal cases in context. Freedom is freedom, and if humans are allowed that, that is enough. Which lives do you mean, exactly? North Korean, or others? IMHO, KJU has nothing to gain and everything to lose by provoking other powers into a forceful response. The erratic behavior of him and his government is the defensive tactic itself. The ability to cause destruction overseas is of secondary concern, and it would seem to be a negligible one in the face of a potential response. Trump employs something similar--act unpredictably and people keep their distance. Create the next sensationalist headline and people will 1) stop and think about what exactly is going on and 2) stay their distance. Do this enough times, often enough, and you're relatively shielded from serious threats to your power. Of course, there is a limit, but so far they both are acting within tolerances. There seems to be a big jump between being a "coder" and being a "software engineer." One slaps together basic frontends, the other scrutinizes over architecture and performance. I meant that, for KJU, he is less concerned about the ability to cause destruction than he is about preserving his seat of power. I believe KJU is more rational than he broadcasts, in that his motivations for acting the way he does comes from a plan to keep everyone at arm's (or rocket's) length and not out of some crazed all-or-nothing brigade. It doesn't seem sustainable in the long run, I agree. It's a matter of time until something off-the-wall happens. I also find it hard to believe that the US, China, and Russia don't all have sophisticated countermeasures in place in case a rocket is launched with a trajectory toward something important. It may still cause horrific damage, but not on the level of a megacity. Your primary concern is not his. That is my wager. Let's hope my optimism wins out... At this point one begins to realize that "Reaganomics" is more than just a dog whistle and actually had a huge impact on the working class. It's a twisted joke that Reagan was just inducted into the Labor Department's Hall of Honor.[1] [1] http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/347840-labor-depa... Unfortunately, without a laboratory to test such hypotheses, that is all that economics (as we understand it today) can ever be. Edit: also, TFA gives some good arguments for validity of the model. Interestingly, children as young as 5 show an aptitude for understanding overarching concepts of calculus.[1] This makes sense: it is much easier to talk about "rates of change" and "accumulation" in simple terms and show how they are related using models that appeal to children. We don't need to dive right in to the notation and algebraic manipulations to get across the basic idea. That can come later when children can handle the rigor. For now, let them play with it. That makes math a lot more fun and less draining, esoteric, impenetrable. [1] https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/03/5-year... The super-OP reeks of the common refrain, that >If only there were less regulation on the market, the small man would be able to make and retain all those profits he works so hard for! That's not binary data at all! That is data stored in a binary, but the data itself is hexadecimal. Why not use Pocket? https://getpocket.com/ The newest Firefox version has a fantastic "Reader View"[1] that strips and normalizes the formatting for easy reading, with larger text and a relatively narrow column. In addition to refusing to collect more data than it needs, this is a good reason to switch away from Chrome/Safari/whatever. [1] https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/firefox-reader-view-clu... "Binary data" means, in actuality, data that are only expressed using two bits. In common parlance, this means 1 and 0, or presence and absence. Using anything larger requires a different label to remain accurate. Information is about patterns in sequences of things. If you are displaying patterns in a sequence of 16 things (2 bytes), you are no longer in the realm of binary information. The information has a structure on top of it that makes patterns of 16 things meaningful, so that you can plot them on a 256-256-256 cube and retain or explore some of that structure. If I'm dealing with "binary data" (in a simple case, whether a light is on or off under certain other _binary_ conditions), I am not interested in patterns of 16 bits together since that constitutes some higher level of structure in the data that may or may not be important to me. At this time the indivisible atomic information bit becomes a pattern of 16 bits, not just 1, and we have left the realm of "binary." Personally, the term incident seems more general and less assumptive. What if the crash wasn't a crash at all, but a bump, tap, or graze? Maybe Waze users have an implicit threshold for posting updates, where a crash may not be able to move safely to the shoulder and so impedes traffic severely. I don't use Waze myself, so perhaps there is an alternative to "crash" of which I am unaware. Not sure how > a college that feeds most of its graduates into Boeing, Microsoft, and Amazon is in any way relevant considering she went there for > an English literature degree . Ironically, you're telling her, pretty much a poor person, how not to live her life by passing judgment on the > follow-your-dreams approach that she elected for in the comments section of a post discussing just that. One would think HN has more self-awareness than this. If she > payed [sic] her own way through an appreciably expensive college then it looks like she > took on debt and seems to have a net worth in the negative. This would make her "poor" during that period by any definition in use today. I agree that > she had reliable access to higher education and that separates her from a lot of other poor people who never got that chance. But this is not the only way to be poor. The perspective she brings is that she has seen both sides: being able to financially handle what life threw at her before and during university, and having a negative net worth following it and making sacrifices to keep the lights on. This grants her not only authority on life in the latter condition, but also can address those still in the former and share her experience of scrutinizing-though-well-meaning people telling her how to live her life better when they have never been in such a situation. The arrogance to believe that they have better solutions than she did during her time in poverty is less than appreciated from that position. I am sure at one time she had the reflex to do the same; she speaks now from a matured and changed mind. --- I'd also like to point out that you have demonstrated a number of logical fallacies by posting this comment. Tu quoque is invoked merely by the fact that you are doing precisely what she criticizes--curiously, this fallacy wouldn't be present if you had refrained from posting this comment. Another is the no true scotsman fallacy, here expressed by insinuating that since she was never _really_ a poor person that she can't possibly know what it's _really_ like. Finally, the black-or-white fallacy is displayed when you imply that someone can only be poor or not poor, and that there is no way to be some complex time- and condition-dependent mixture of both.[1] In summary, I am saddened to see that this is the top comment on the thread for this post. I was hoping that HN would take this as a chance to listen and learn about other perspectives, and not use the pseudonymity of an internet forum to demonstrate precisely what the author warns against, much less promote this perspective to the top of the discussion space. [1] https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ Air temperature isn't the only thing that heats a condenser. Solar radiation does that too. Does anyone's brain "work in unison"? As far as I know, it's a bunch of subsystems all sending their signals to each other, and some higher-level network that makes 'sense' of the torrent of information and directs the attention to the various subsystems' outputs as needed. If HN's signalling is anything to go off with respect to political leanings, SV is mostly libertarian with a dash of social democracy to rein in the big players. This is hardly what anyone outside of an entrenched centrist news media institution would consider "far left." I wonder how it would work using training data from one language in generating voice in another language. You're encouraging a money-grubbing attitude, which is not really a healthy one to have for long-term happiness. Furthermore, if they only see it as a path to money and not an end in itself to construct great, helpful, beautiful programs, they're gonna burn out real quick. Also, "having money" as a goal is just somehow repulsive. Seemingly all the sleazeballs of the world are oriented like this, and as a result they tend to be very shady and use people as means to getting money rather than actually people, with whom meaningful relationships can be forged. Yes. He has a vested interest in saying what he is saying. Let's defer our judgment until less encumbered members of the economics community have something substantial to say. Acceptance is not the same as complacency. I think the article is suggesting that accepting your current situation puts you in a better mindset to tackle it full-force if it's going to cause you problems down the road. "Ok, so we're here--now what?" Feel free to donate licenses to university students! Not everyone reads HN obsessively. If you've already seen this article and a healthy discussion, you're free to move along. In the US at least, we can start with healthy tax reforms that actually redistribute wealth downwards, not up. Not everything has to reduce to the USSR straw man. >If you are making {$25M|$250k}/year through a job, and you depend on that money for daily life Here's the thing: the second half of this snippet doesn't make any sense. No one needs that much money to get along with their life. Living frugal is precisely that: requiring much less expenditure than you make. It's entirely possible to live on $40k in expenses per year. Many, many people do that every day with $40k or even lower. How can one depend on so much expenditure? There's no reason. That amount of money minus absolutely vital expenses calculated according to minimum market rates for healthcare, housing, and food will always be more than enough to retire on very early if saved wisely. If you set yourself up to be screwed even after making that much money, you're making very poor decisions. I hope it's clear that the answer lies somewhere between these two extremes. Most likely, there are instilled a number of prototypical reflexes that quickly make available the "right" decision for a given situation. Consider it that we don't know the objective function per se, but that we start in a place and with a gradient vector already pointed in such a way that we quickly reach the optimal location in action space with relatively few exploratory trials. Why pooh-pooh ideas if you're not sure either? Let's explore, combine, and mutate the iterations that each party thinks may be successful. Do you have much experience with brains? Are you aware of the ratio of computational capacity to energy requirements that is as yet unmatched in power? Not to mention that, as a system, the brain is highly efficient in reusing modular structures for increasingly complex tasks. I have a feeling when people mention "AI modelled after a brain" they consider a simplification of neuronal dynamics to be how to achieve that. But that is a very naïve way to do it. Looking at it from the system level is the more fruitful approach, IMHO. Can you share something about your work? Or how I may get involved? Yes, because nothing bad has ever happened from following the codes laid out by your friendly neighboorhood government. I don't understand this kind of sentiment. Why not? Its adoption will be roughly proportional to its usefulness. If it turns out not to be useful, it will go away and you won't have to think about it anymore. Put it in the other room! We have long enough cables for the peripherals. Seems like a simple, cheap solution compared to shopping around for a quieter computer or parts. How is it so problematic to have cables running along the molding and around a corner? In fact, why bother worrying about the noise anyway? Some people function much better with white noise in the background. That is a strong assertion. It takes a bit of culture remapping, but certainly doable. Want good examples? Spend some time in Germany or Sweden. >If you're craving a drug and it's sold in a convenient store around the corner Decriminalization means it's not illegal to possess, not that it's legal to sell. An important distinction in these sorts of discussions. WhatsApp also has the glaring vulnerability that Facebook could at any time reset your key to a compromised one without your knowledge, and WhatsApp will resend any hanging messages automatically upon the change, making any undelivered messages available to the one who has the decryption capability associated with that new key. It's possible they've put in a method to do this without notifying the user. Also, this "automatic resend" behavior means that a physical attack can be made simply by switching SIMs on the phone before the message is sent. It requires some careful timing to be a real vulnerability and anyone using a phone to communicate will certainly opt for a more secure platform for critical applications. This perception of religion is precisely what TFA is trying to dispel. You've already received good information at the coding part, so let's talk about the 17-year-old part. Do sports! One that doesn't involve hitting your head on stuff. Read some of the philosophy greats. Appreciate art at museums. Go to social events like school ski trips, meet friends and ladies (or guys if that's your thing). Make a couple minor bad decisions so you know how to handle the consequences. Go to concerts. Show your parents gratitude if they've done a lot for you (protip: they have). Don't take these years for granted. You can be a successful coder and still have time for these things. Don't railroad yourself into workaholism, maintain a healthy balance. It'll do you good! Au contraire! Many people are seeking precisely the universal. It is their (and my) opinion that modern language and its interpretation is the barrier to distilling further meaning from these concepts without significant pondering. That doesn't mean that these concepts don't hold merit, unless you put a postmodernist spin on things. This is how they operate, in fact this is the MO of modern propaganda techniques: divide and conquer. If we keep the fracas alive by distrusting our neighbors (loudly and proudly!), this lowers our ability to face threats from outside head-on. We need trust in our compatriots to do a good job doing whatever it is we want to do as a collective. State actors with intent to harm a citizens' coalition only need to sow distrust and more than a few wrenches will be thrown in the cogs by people who feel they're doing the right thing protecting their country. I think it's less about swaying their minds and more about making them more active and vocal about the topic, which spreads their opinion to people who otherwise would stand no ground either way. The people they would directly affect are their family members and established friends, who have an inherent trust for people they know and have opened up their lives to. In essence, it created pseudobots that serve as outlets for the kinds of messages (read: divisions) they wanted to sow. Dismissing it offhand as "nothing new" is a little disingenuous. There may have always been this momentum but it didn't hit critical levels until lately, and that combined with the rise of globalism (whether that really is the culprit or not) has left a lot of people feeling down, literally, in the dumps. This information adds another facet to our understanding of today's political stage and it's worth paying attention to so we can better resolve it. How are these 'bullshit'? How wisdom and smarts are each are measured are different, which could explain the apparent paradox. Ever since I read Snow Crash, I wondered to myself, why hasn't this been adapted as a screenplay yet? It played in my head like a movie when I first read it. No other book has done that. Neal Stephenson's writing style is really cinematic and I'm glad it's now being adapted for viewing. From what I've heard on the subject so far, decriminalization aims to make it harder to profit off of human trafficking, i.e., to help those who are forced/enslaved into prostitution, or at risk of such. Taking a prostitution job by your own decision won't afford you the same perspective as those whose entire lives have been claimed as property of someone else. Put ownership of productive goods and services in the hands of those who are actually creating those goods/performing those services. This would empower each person to push the investment of capital to what matters most to them--namely, themselves. When the consensus is formed, a lot more money will be devoted to maximizing human capital and a lot less toward the overhead (massive paychecks for a few, crazy cycles of bureaucracy) that are the hallmarks of today's economic goings-on. It's a high-dimensional correlation machine. In other words, it's an attempt to learn "how to recognize patterns" by learning how to represent each one as orthogonally as possible to each other one. This happens at each layer, and how many layers you need depends on how "mixed up" the transformed space is with respect to the appropriate labels following each linear transformation. Once they are suitably linearly separable following the feedforward pass through the network, you need one more layer to identify how the pattern maps to the output space. Another way to think of it is that each layer learns a maximally efficient compression scheme for translating the data at the input layer to that at the output layer. Each layer learns a high-dimensional representation of the output that uses minimum bits for maximum information reconstruction capacity. There was a great talk given recently by Naftali Tishby where he explains this in great detail.[1] Having the math is great to know how it works on a granular level. I've found that also explaining it in such holistic terms serves a great purpose by fitting "linear algebra + calculus" into an understanding of NNs that is greater than the sum of their parts. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLqJHjXihK8 >it seems like there's little to no opportunity to just have a life Sleep is a vital part of life. You are not missing out on life if you sleep--you are living. It is reinforcement learning, i.e., necessarily unsupervised. The effects are a little subtler than "everything decays" however I'm with you that entropy should play a large part in determining our answer to this question since it is seemingly the only law in our universe which prevents the reversibility of any reasonably macroscopic phenomenon (putting an egg shell back together, etc.). It is this distinction from which I believe people learn to differentiate forward v. backward in time. This is only a hypothesis and I invite other perspectives to introduce themselves. Anecdote time here, but spending some time in a steam room and then entering a cold bath, and doing this 3 times or so, feels like a great cardio workout without the muscle soreness. There's definitely a lot of energy expended, particularly by the circulatory system, in keeping one's core temperature more or less stable. The typical refrain that I hear for weight loss/getting back to a healthy balance is "80% diet, 20% exercise" and that the exercise is more to raise your basal metabolic rate up a little so maintenance requires more calories, and thus eating at a deficit has a greater effect. I think the same thing is achieved with even mild physical activity and a solid, well-rounded diet. Casting the risk that both need to take as equal is a terrible disservice to those with less money. They have less emergency fund, thus less credit-worthiness and a much, much higher risk of introducing a lot of pain and stress into their lives if things go south on a bad deal. Rich people have a lot of safety nets, and usually have the luxury of taking out a loan or working out a better deal after things go bad, whereas a person with less money will be shooed away two steps into the door of any banking or loan establishment that isn't solely a predatory one. That's why they're building prepper-bunkers! You're describing a situation where mortgages are alreadu the norm, and have already raised the price of houses beyond an affordable price at cash precisely because it's relatively easy to take out a mortgage to buy a house at the prices we have today. If it were never so easy to take out a mortgage to buy a house, housing costs would be much lower as the market matched demand to supply. Yes people are still anthropomorphizing AI. It's a subtle difference talking about their learned judgments of reality v. some sort of human-like logical decision-making process, and that's where most people get tripped up. The AI learns what you feed it. Garbage in, garbage out. The initialization of its world model is arguably the most important thing, and the hardest to make objective. Every decision following that, assuming it learns in an online manner, will be conditioned on its previous decisions since it can only learn about the things it experiences, i.e., chooses to engage with and how. Why has it stayed up on gnu.org if it no longer supports his/their philosophy? Expanding on this, the crises of capitalism (people without food or homes, or being exploited for their work and given little to nothing in return) that continually arise throughout history as well as today can be seen as a symptom of this very fundamental assumption of property and its place in a society. This is what defines capitalism along with the freedom to pay (or not) a voluntary amount for any good or service. This will always lead to the concentration of wealth and if left unchecked will progress to bring far more suffering on the many to the benefit of the few than many feel comfortable accepting from an ethical standpoint. One can always propose regulations but it's a steep uphill battle to close every last loophole that people have to extract wealth from a population, usually unethically. People against capitalism are usually for something else, and they propose to change the fundamental properties of the economic system at hand to one that puts ownership directly in the hands of labor (socialism), is inherently redistributional (communism), or never supposes the need for redistribution in the first place (elimination of private property such as in pure anarchism). Those against capitalism have seen the endless failed attempts to patch the system, but the bugs are built into what makes the kernel work. Political processes are too slow to respond to the crafty and conniving, and are anyhow weak to the siren's call of having a higher economic status and so sacrifice their morals way more often than they are comfortable. Cronyism is built into the distributional properties of capitalism because of this assumption of private property. There's plenty of support behind cognitive behavioral therapy--mindfulness is the same thing, but facing westward. Where is the discrepancy? The emptiness you're referring to, if I understand you correctly, is that of sunyata[1], wherein we realize precisely what you have stated: that there is no thing besides patterns and activations, and that assuming these things construct a whole person that has some sort of "centerpoint" is fallacious. Your devil's advocate point arrives at the truth precisely. The freedom arises when one accepts this fact wholeheartedly. This realization isn't "supposed" to help you, or bring you anywhere, since that would be assuming that the actions that are taken have some internal guidance mechanism that bring it to fruition and bestow benefit on the actor. But no such thing exists. It just happens, is, and you are ok with it (or not). The utility doesn't need to exist because it can't exist: if all there is, is now, utility has absolutely no goals or targets, and thus the only thing supporting its "existence" is an assumption about what may yet does not exist. [1] http://buddhanet.net/cbp2_f6.htm That is why the tradition emphasizes constantly that "you are not your thoughts." Putting some distance between you and your anxiety helps address it as the meaningless reflex that it is. I'm not sure if your question was tongue-in-cheek, but a k-hole (high ketamine dose) is also considered by some to be a psychedelic experience. It was (is?) common in the rave culture to do exactly what you describe. Anecdotally, this is precisely my experience. It'll start the engine, but you have to navigate the course. It's a less error-prone approach than speculating on how they might improve in the future and using that to judge their present actions. Bake it into the protocol that each connection is regularly confirming the other party's active and passive security measures, and that if one of these tests fails the connection is severed. It sounds like you "have nothing to lose/hide" now but consider the cases where others will be or already are in a position to lose big from the actions of malevolent actors. You've made its argument yourself. It's high time to regulate this industry before said colossal impacts. Just want to point out that Bob's Red Mill is an example of literal socialism, i.e., the workers own the means of production. And it's working. http://www.oregonlive.com/clackamascounty/index.ssf/2010/02/... It's not totally dissolving anger that the Stoics were concerned about--it's limiting reactions that do not employ foresight and use only the fuel of anger to drive them. How about this: we treat owning and driving a car as the privilege it is? Whenever you start the engine, you assume full responsibility of the vehicle's behavior. If that behavior results in death or injury, your vehicle is responsible for it, and by extension, you. This would at the very least make many very cautious behind the wheel. For some perspective, consider kinetic energy. You possess 4x as much energy travelling 40mph as 20mph. Put another way, it takes 3x as much energy to go from 40 to 20 as it does from 20 to 0. Not sure where this malice comes from, but GP specifically said "impairs their ability to drive." You're striking at strawmen. GGGP was not discussing the article per se. When GGGP said "impairs the ability to drive" and you responded to it, you assumed they were talking about the article. I think it's clear enough that this comment thread has opened lines of discussion beyond the limited context of the article. "Meaningful", by itself, doesn't mean anything, because meaning is entirely subjective. You will first have to identify what really makes you tick, grinds your gears, revs your engine, and whatever other mechanical analogies seem appropriate. This requires a lot of introspection. Look around you. What upsets you? What do you consider among the most pressing issues of our time? Once you've done that (think a timescale of weeks, not hours), start hunting for groups at home and abroad who are trying to rectify those things, and who are doing so in ways that you feel are effective. You can have a diverse set of concerns, which means that finding a relevant project is easier. That horseshoe effect you mention just goes to show how limited the bipolar-spectrum representation of political stances really is. Anarchism can be implemented all sorts of ways, and can easily be considered orthogonal to the conservatism-liberalism axis, in the cosmopolitan as well as the American-appropriated senses. s/anarchism/{communism, socialism, authoritarianism, fascism, *ism} and you have an equally valid statement. Would you say the same to someone who's "addicted" to being depressed? to fighting with their loved one? to having anxious thoughts? Where's the love, HN? When you have an economy whose volume is 99% speculation, its function becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy up until the point where real resources that feed and house people start drying up. Further, the US government can literally inject money at will into the market. That is what is happening when you have interest rates less than or equal to 0. They're saying "we don't really need money back until it starts helping you make money from the various levels of abstraction (options, futures, etc.) that enable literal money creation." My two cents: if you treat it as a proper responsibility and as essentially a furry child, you have no moral or ethical qualms. If you can satisfy its needs and help it lead a pleasant life free, that's enough. On a related note, I had a professor in college who was a Buddhist and considered his living situation as involving a "cat who lived with me" and not "his cat" per se. I think that's a much healthier way to look at it. It preserves the cat's agency and rejects possession of another living being. On every trash can ever, there's nowhere to put out a cigarette and you have no time to spend 5 extra seconds making sure it's out? I submit this in response to the persistent meme that "Russian ads didn't decide the election." I agree that even if they did use ads, that is far from the whole story. I want to bring to light some of the arguments for how social media more broadly can be used as a weapon of propaganda by polarizing everyone who participates, making them more vocal, and viralizing the propagandistic memes that move through society through the vectors of friends and family members, not of insignificant ads per se (though these certainly reinforce the feeling that "others believe what I do so there must be some truth!"). >it is a modern interpretation that is pushed by leftists It may be reinforced by virtue of their giving time to use it in their rebuttals, but the issue lies deeper in the reason these rebuttals come up in the first place--people in general use this marker more than most when discriminating. Since when has "broad nose" or "high cheekbones" been something that is so highly correlated to being the victim of discrimination? We didn't win the civil rights war, though the major battle that took down institutional discrimination was won. People still discriminate today, and they do it by relatively few high-profile indicators, e.g. skin color and name. Absolutely, lived experiences shape our expectations about how the world- and society-at-large treats people, and how they ought to be (re)organized to maximize benefits. You point to fundamentally different assumptions, and as a whole I agree with that too. I think that anarchists put less emphasis on human nature per se than they do on ethical organization practices--they preach a scheme of purely voluntary self-organization mostly from an ethical standpoint, and this stance implies that they view human agency as the most important ethical question, rather than meeting basic needs (communism) or castrating exploitative practices in labor (socialism/Marxism). Libertarians seem to be whistling another tune, more along the lines of anarchism but by also tying capitalist success to a person's ability to steer their path in life. Anarchists think that free association will provide for those who need by virtue of a sense of humanistic camaraderie. I'm not arguing for or against anything here or anything you've said, and I'm not sure I'm doing much at all except a fun exercise to clarify the varying motivations of people in their quest to restructure economies and societies. But it is interesting to consider and feels good to put to words. Exactly. As they say: if the employees own the company, robots on the assembly line would mean vacations, not layoffs. Violence? Those people may reject speakers and barricade pathways but they don't beat someone close to death with 2x4s and then blame them for starting it.[1] Left-wing movements that you are drawing a false equivalence to with right-wing authoritarians do not advocate for genocide of entire sections of the population. You can cherry-pick a couple people who say "white people should die" but they aren't taken seriously by anyone. Meanwhile you have whole rallies conducted by right-wing authoritarians who are literally calling for the elimination of Jews in the streets. [1] http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/10/black-man-attacked-cha... Did that money come into their hands completely voluntarily? Likely not. When you buy something you need to survive, can that be said to be a "voluntary" purchase? So when that money ends up in the hands of the owners of the productive machines, they get rich, but are they doing so because of purely "voluntary" participation in the economy? So then why do I have to pay private individuals for things I need to live, and they don't have to pay back into the system that gave them the infrastructure to earn this money in the first place? The reason our economy is working now is because of the huge amount of speculation that fuels the investment sector. Wealth creation is no longer predicated on how much stuff is being sold, just on how much people bet will be sold. Being able to eschew shitty soul-sucking jobs in favor of real personal development is "zero benefit"? Why is this on HN? Whenever non-tech posts are put up on HN, they're ruthlessly hounded. What does this article have to do with tech that absolves it? The fact that it comes from San Jose's newspaper? I have a hypothesis that these errors in interpretation stem mainly from the max pooling layers that occurs in nearly all CNNs today. Simply cutting out a large fraction (at least 75%!) of the information passing through each pooling layer is making the models quite brittle. That, and obviously it would be a big help to be able to interpret meaningful symbols (e.g. words) from the images rather than just recognize a certain arbitrary class of pattern activations. That is pretty hard, of course, but IMO essential for the upcoming self-driving car revolution, if it is to succeed. G. Hinton has some ideas though they aren't very fleshed out yet.[1] [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTawFwUvnLE That's quite a stretch, though, don't you realize? The H in HN stands for "hacker". I fail to see the connection to any "hacking" here in the article other than maybe "hacking bureaucracy to make a dam", but you must see the incredible lengths to which one must stretch the notion of hacker-related ideas to apply to this article. There are other non-SWE-related topics that certainly qualify, like overcoming natural barriers in engineering a la the Iceland forest article that was posted a couple days ago. This news article in OP is little more than a status update about something that affects California's water infrastructure and nothing else. Humility is the opposite of arrogance, but that doesn't mean you don't have a fixed vision of your goals and will stick to your guns to achieve them. It just means you don't try to show everyone just how good you are at achieving them. Then it sounds like there is a strong incentive to keep that camera on! When cops' word weighs more than yours in a court of law, this requires an equivalent check against that power by only making it weigh that much when there is corroborating evidence (i.e., video proof). Ok so hunger isn't a problem because people in Europe are generally well-fed? This follows the same line of reasoning as the one you are using now. This is a very anthropocentric view of intelligence. What's to say that the universe doesn't simply operate on vastly different timescales? Being inside of something is different from being a part of something. Would you please link to some of the Chalmers pieces you like? The definitions that the parent are referring to are the basis for pantheism, i.e. that God is everything. Some people call it Gaia, or Brahman. Depends where you draw your subjective threshold of "natural" ;) I will say I believe it's a limited definition if you consider human-constructed things as artificial but e.g. termite hills as natural. No one's rights are being infringed upon. The right to free speech is certainly still in their hands. Their audience is then anyone within earshot. Your question seems to me to be a red herring, and doesn't seem relevant in the discussion surrounding web-based fora. While "the internet" in some abstract form could be construed as a human right in this modern technological world of ours, the World Wide Web as it stands today very much is not that. The infrastructure is privately maintained, and as such is not granted the protections that the 1st amendment provides. Likewise the services that are built upon the physical infrastructure, namely websites and data-transmission services, are not obligated to enforce rights. Funny how the "slippery slope" argument seems to only get used by people resorting to false equivalencies immediately upon commencement of discussions on this topic. You're going to have to point out the specific biases you see, because those definitions look quite accurate to me. They specifically advocate for inclusion of races, and a destruction of a class system. Nowhere in this does "color" or "ethnicity" make its way into this. Intellectual dishonesty is a bad look. The question is, access to what? Access to encyclopedic knowledge? Sure. Access to academic literature? Would definitely be a net positive. Access to the ramblings of every human in existence? Not sure why this would be so necessary. Quick edit to add: anything that requires instantiation to justify said "right" doesn't seem like it vibes well with the definition of the word "right." For instance, how could the right to internet exist if the internet didn't exist? This is opposed to people's need to communicate (free speech), their need for a safe place to sleep, or to satiate their hunger and nutritional needs. All of these problems exist by nature of us being human, and are inescapable in life by definition. Thus the rights, that we have today to protect people from succumbing to painful and undignified suffering when these needs aren't met, are justified. The same cannot be said of a recent technological invention. No one needs the internet to live. So if you agree that the providers of service on the internet are under no obligation to provide a soapbox for everyone who signs up, what do you recommend that that look like should one be established? A pretty common sentiment is that you neuter trolls when you remove any chance for anonymity, i.e., you put their reputation on the line. I would be happy to belong to a "free speech-oriented zone" on the internet that required real-life verification. Then people wouldn't be so quick to spread virulent, violent ideologies in such a space. IMO this provides a secondary effect, namely that people would stop taking so seriously those areas where anonymity is provided. Perhaps the interactions can be strongly weighted toward local ones, to provide more accountability. Such a platform would need to be free from any sort of money transactions, especially Facebook's current business model. Furthermore, empathy has nothing to do with advocacy. The ingredient missing when comparing refugees with white nationalists is that of the fundamental power imbalance. One is certainly free to express empathy for both, but tuning the narrative to equivocate people who are being exterminated with their exterminators is pretty dishonest. Your moral obligation (imo) when presented with people who are being systematically denied requirements for life is to spread and advocate for their survival. Notice that white nationalists are only being challenged on the lines of "liberty" whereas refugees are being challenged on the lines of "life." The DoI says it best, and puts them in a specific order not haphazardly, but deliberately: life comes first (and thus the removal of threats to it), then liberty, then the pursuit of happiness. Absolutely not. I keep seeing this simplification thrown around and it's patently false. The uniform spherical cow analogy works better when saying "consider a nation-state as a single actor in a global economy." The rational actor assumption is more along the lines of the continuum approximation in fluid dynamics: that even though we don't have the power to model each individual molecule, we can do well enough by applying heuristics on top of that (pressure, density, etc.) that we can reason out some cause-effect behavior by measuring and tracking those higher-level quantities. We can even derive equations from them, though they may not have analytical solutions. The problem with this is of course not just the inhomogeneity of the environment with respect to these higher-order quantities, but with the molecules themselves. This combined with strong nonlocal effects makes economics a really really difficult science to pin down mathematically, so all we seem to be able to do so far is fit the data to one of a few common models and wipe our hands clean of it. You've lumped "redistribution of wealth" in with "price setting" as if they are in any way related to each other. They certainly can interact if they're both present, but neither need to be there for the other to exist. I'm actually having trouble following your line of reasoning because I can't tell how these two are related in your formulation of the hypothetical. You're not scared. That's fine. For all I know, you have no reason to be scared of white nationalists, because to them, you're not the threat. That doesn't make it any safer for a large portion of the United States or other Western countries where these sentiments are popping back up. We know Africa and South America and Southeast Asia are still relatively dangerous. That doesn't excuse the sentiments that are building here in the US whatsoever. It actually doesn't factor at all into this discussion because they are totally off the radar for people who should be provided the liberty of living without constant breathing down their neck and "go home" and "jews will not replace us." Where does the liberty from harassment and execution factor into your liberty ethics? The issue is also not what happens right this moment, but what happens in 10 years' time when people have been surrounding themselves and their family and friends with this rhetoric. The history of the Nazi party following the fall of the Weimar republic doesn't span months, it spans a decade or more. What reason is there to deny some people the "right" to demonize and alienate minorities solely on the basis of inaccurate judgments when things could get a lot worse down the road? The slippery slope, after all, has two faces. We can just as easily say that granting some liberties now causes a lot of hurt down the road as removing them. Basic income is a bottom-up stimulus package, like how bailouts for banks are "stimulus" packages but nestled in Reaganomics, i.e., expecting the money to trickle down. Except that bailouts sequester the money almost exclusively in the banking industry and so are useless for everyone except those who are already rich, and the government itself. Basic income fills the economy with money that can be really spent, and like the article says people will vote with their dollars. I can't understand why free market fanboys don't like it! It's the best way to incite competition in the marketplace by removing the exploitative (i.e., freedom-revoking) abilities of the companies that prey on the lifestyles of low-income workers who are stuck working multiple jobs just to get by. If you're scared, it's best not to do it. IMO the best approach is to read about experiences on Erowid and similar sites, get used to which dosages go approximately how far, and when you finally are ready, prepare your mindset and externalities to promote a good experience rather than a bad one. It really is all in your head. How do you figure that? Libertarians are by definition against any government involvement in the market. Governments giving citizens money is something that falls under the category of "government involvement." Are you aware of how calories are measured? They essentially set the food on fire and count how long it takes to go out. Does our body digest things by acting like a furnace? No. There are different ways to extract energy from food and our body does things that aren't accounted for by the nutrtional facts blurb on the box. In some cases the food will just go straight through you, such as when you eat loads of fat. All those "calories" don't necessarily translate into x pounds on your body in new fat. Knowing Germany, the transition will probably be 10 years long, because everything has to be 100% perfect and 99.8% ist außerhalb der Fehlermarge ! Transactions do not occur in vacuo . Your question must take into account who is buying, who is selling, and what the alternatives are for both parties. If the government is offering a loan at 1% it's probably because it's a better option than offering a loan at 3% and losing the partner who would otherwise be a net positive for the country. Not sure why communism was brought into this, but your repetition of that common trope is misinformed. A planned economy theoretically works just fine as long as external adversaries aren't manipulating the global market to your detriment, deliberately excluding you from global bank dealings, and aren't putting a bunch of pressure on you to develop a massive military budget overhead. Without these influences, the inherent cost in running a communist economy is lower than a capitalist one. Why do you think communism was villified so much pre-Stalin? (During and post-Stalin the USSR got a lot of flak, and rightly so, for breaking up citizen collectives and killing millions of its citizens.) Also not sure where the "failed business" idea came in here. It seems like you're just swinging your sword at the closest straw men. The Facebook app asks for permission to access your camera and microphone. Assuming a user gives it access, doesn't that mean they have free rein to do so? They're quite successful on complex multiobjective problems, but you need a lot of compute power to cover the solution space sufficiently. Most problems either 1) don't have such stringent requirements on multiobjective optimization (i.e. the problem can be recast with a single objective function, likely one with a gradient), or 2) more typical machine learning algorithms are "good enough" and require less compute power. But for instance designing complex geometries under numerous constraints is well-suited to evolutionary algorithms. EAs also shine when the evaluation for fitness is computationally-intensive, as you can defer the fitness evaluations until absolutely necessary. There's a distinct gap between "most powerful supercomputers available" and "compute clusters typically used for this sort of problem." No one except all those folks running rent up in cities. Landowners and renters are both to blame here. Look around this comment thread and you will see the exact same thing. You sound so certain! Lenin? Stalin was the killer, and he departed from Lenin's philosophy in several very key ways that break the pedigree you suggest. > If you get to the particulars of how that is supposed to work, turns out the theory is pretty crappy too. E.g. see "The free market efficiently matches demand with supply." Socialism is workers owning the means of production. Communism is a pretty serious departure from that, taking it to the government level. The bloodshed from totalitarianism is well-documented and really didn't have much to do with Communism at all anyway. Let's be wary of any equivocation between "destroy the people who can singlehandedly ruin lives by manipulating markets" (you will note this is a tiny minority of bad actors) and "destroy anyone who hurts my ego while I'm in power" (i.e., pretty much everyone). Could you elaborate? As it stands there's no connection between the two concepts. Would just like to point out that your description of the Linux development sounds like syndicalism. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syndicalism You still get the choice between A and B but there is a much stronger emphasis on people getting out exactly what they put in. Your argument presupposes that the sole purveyor of power is money, with a secondary vehicle of physical domination. It's true that money makes the world go round but there are many subtler ways to influence markets and public discourse. These also constitute power and if we are to support free expression we should recognize its threats now and be proactive about countering the actions that lead to negative consequences. These "net-states" are looking less and less like independent actors in the political sphere and more like arms by which nation-states can reach into the cultural sphere and influence conduct and opinion as well as put their finger on the pulse of the public sentiment, even targeting the communications of individual people regardless of whose citizens they happen to be. Net-states are unique compared to traditional media companies in that they have a far easier time crossing national boundaries. Where before Hollywood or the BBC needed a dominant share in the market of foreign countries to spread the ideals of their host countries, net-states act more like portals to any region with an internet connection with little holding it back. That episode made me by far the most uncomfortable I have ever been while watching a TV show. I think it was the desperation and how so many people could so easily fall down that path of complete fakeness if such a thing ever took off. This site[1] is linked toward the bottom of the one you posted but I think it deserves special recognition just by the sheer simplicity of understanding the various systems visually in a way that the interactive applet doesn't quite get across. There are nonprofits working on this issue in the USA.[2] Personally I'm more a fan of the push to create multi-representative districts within states than I am about RCV (basically a restricted form of IRV). But regardless, if you want to get involved, call them up first. [1] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ [2] http://www.fairvote.org/ I wrote this on another post today, but it seems like the social media are becoming arms of nation-states more than they are creating a haven of free expression that resists censorship. The hoopla about CounterPunch and similar editorial websites last year seems to confirm the suspicion that Google et al. aren't really fighting for the users.[1] [1] http://www.mintpressnews.com/counterpunch-google-censors-blo... > America takes and redistributes just as much money The statistics refute this claim.[1] All values in USD/capita. Stats are from 2015 USA - 14,794 Finland - 18,580 Iceland - 18,783 Sweden - 21,800 Denmark - 24,527 Norway - 30,138 The other Scandinavian countries are included for comparison. [1] https://data.oecd.org/tax/tax-revenue.htm Let's not forget that childcare and healthcare costs would be removed from the equation. Would these costs be lower in a country with higher taxes? Well pretty much any progressive tax system will ensure that unless you majorly screw up the planning. So are kindergartens. Kids are dirty and get their saliva and snot on pretty much everything. Do we do the same thing? >in exchange for a completely meaningless task Why don't we just give them the money and care instead? Then they can actually do something useful with their time. To anyone thinking "I can't do anything, it's gotta be legislated to make any lasting changes" I just want to say Yes! you can do something: get involved with your local community and put your time to a morally good use by changing those regulations. Get laws passed that make the situation better for everyone. Any improvement is better than bickering, stand in solidarity and push everything that can help. http://hrcsf.org/ https://www.sftu.org/ http://www.bapd.org/csaaco-1.html Shouldn't people also have the freedom to not have bullets put in their bodies? How do you grant them the freedom to live in peace? That's exactly what an Apple employee would say! All startups start small, but not all small businesses are startups. Startups are characterized by fast growth cycles and usually are intended to end in getting acquired or sold. Bakeries and such don't fall under this description, usually. Are you repeating this trope because you really believe it or because it's convenient for your argument? Being poor is expensive. Thinking about how to survive on the little money you have is stressful. Having a negative worth just to have housing is both. Those living paycheck to paycheck don't have another choice. The best way to not have guns on your person is to just go about your daily life because it is so unlikely you will ever be in a position where you will need to use one. Occam's razor applied by neglecting evidence is just bad reasoning. A lot of people discount Jayne's theory for the inaccuracy regarding its assertions about the physical mechanisms, namely that specific modules in one half of the brain talk across the corpus callosum to specific modules in the other half. But IMO they're throwing the baby out with the bathwater. What I haven't seen yet are investigations into the nature of self-awareness and agency assuming that his theory holds water on the mental aspects. Studies have shown that we make decisions whole seconds before we are conscious of our coming to a conclusion. Could this not be some remnant of the potential fact that our internal decision processes are based around a similar mechanism as what he proposes? The only difference is that we think that "voice" telling us what to do is ourselves, and not some imposition from outside. I'm still astounded by all the different things people mean when they say "consciousness." I think a better term for the discussion surrounding Jaynes and his theory is "awareness"--understanding and conceptualizing reality via a semantic framework, rather than merely processing inputs and directing outputs. The ego (or the default mode network, in which I hypothesize the ego "resides") basically connects those disparate parts of the brain and makes the leap to turn the brain from a few interacting modules into an integrated whole, giving rise to the sense of the self as we understand it today. This must somehow activate our self-awareness by us understanding not only that we inhabit a body, but that the mind doing so can also be identified. There are many people with the same experience. It's happened to me. It would be pretty lucky if they were coincidences for everyone. Show me where in the law does it say "companies are obligated to make their shareholders happy." Your flippant use of the word "should" is all you have to go on so far. If you don't like what they're doing, you are free to divest. This is a free market after all! Infosec 101: if it truly is a problem for you, you don't tell anyone. >it is in reality a direct consequence of it I agree with this. But IMO Tesla and the like are different because they're tapping into something more. People are actually excited about electric cars now, and they're willing to put money toward the goal and let Musk steer his company, taking them along for the ride. Your argument is essentially "sites that need JS as a core requirement to the UX need JS" and "now that everyone uses JS no one shouldn't." "Progressives" (whatever you think that label means) aren't the only people who support those causes. It seems like you're getting caught up on some private subtext assigned to the word "progressive." Just curious, do you consider progressives the identity politics fanatics and staunch neoliberals? I'd spend some time arguing they're not progressively oriented at all. Just curious--do you still have your appendix? I read recently that it keeps a store of the microbiome and replenishes stores as needed.[1] Perhaps the nasty bacteria are hiding in there? [1] http://dujs.dartmouth.edu/2008/04/a-bacterial-safe-house-a-n... While I appreciate the tip, it's completely irrelevant to the topic at hand.