It seems to me that this could easily be defeated by switching on 'red eye reduction' to produce a smaller flash moments before the main flash. Hang on, I thought "features are a one-way street" Another Mac user here. I gave Ubuntu a spin the other week, running in Virtualbox on my main machine. I thought it looked slick and was very usable. Then I tried downloading and installing Firefox 3. I grabbed it, unarchived it and then.... then what? Where's the bloody installer. Yes, that's exactly the kind of trite understanding of history that the author is worried about. Well done. ... and no, I'm not a boomer. ...and if you did it yourself on a bit of paper you would probably end up having to scan it in. I think the look is excellent. It makes explicit to the client or whoever that this is a mock-up and not to be confused with the look and feel of the app/site. You can say that until you are blue in the face and quite often someone will say 'isn't that line a bit thick'. Moreover sometimes designers can get locked into overly prescriptive design rough too early. This avoids that. I don't see any conflict. You suggest that that eval is used to "manipulate search results". It could just as easily be used to score results and flag up problems in the ranking mechanisms. As the man says, they are constantly refining the algorithm, - so presumablt they need constant feedback on how well the algorithm's working. No? Many thanks for the explanation. Much appreciated. Got it. many thanks. For the same reason that people still write with a Biro or Hoover the carpet. I remember playing this as a kid about 35 years ago. It was described in a book called The Indoor Games boo, published in the UK. The same book also introduced me to the rather fun 'Nine Mens Morris' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_Men's_Morris Thats how these things always start. ... and then people start requesting 'just a couple' of new features. The Tag inspector is a Webkit feature, as are the resizeable text input boxes. Webkit has been getting 100% on Acid3 for a few months now, so I'm not sure why your Chrome install isn't. Anyone had any luck getting the help/how to use pages to come up? Interesting that it still lists the Mayor of London as Ken Livingstone, who was elected out back in May. "Apple doesn't tell musicians, "don't make crappy music," or "you song is of limited musical appeal." You're right - Apple relies on music publishers to do that for them. The analogy between music store and appstore is not exact. My main thought watching the advert was, "that's sad, Bill Gates steps down from running Microsoft, and now spends his time in discount shoe stores?" I'm honestly not trying to take a dig at the ad, but it did feel rather tragic. "What's missing knowing how to do it (software inventions)". Not really, the scope of the hardware plays an important role. Consider: that you could perform the processing needed to play Half Life 2 on an abacus. But even if the abacus wielder followed the commands exactly and emulated the x86 instructions with paper and pencil, would anything actually emerge from the exercise that would be enlightening in anyway? Probably not, since it would take a few thousand years (I'm handwaving here) to compute the contents of the first frame. Which suspect would pale insignificance compared to the threat from the new generation of pirate that such an installation would spawn. Visions of a parrot sitting on someone's shoulder squawking "pieces of RAM". Personally, I would have though that in a world with Twitter, IM and all the rest, e-mail would be the least of your worries. I came here to say the same. Effectively content free, possibly actually content negative. I think most of his analysis is reasonable, certainly I think many of the Mac icons work better at smaller sizes. I think he cuts the Safari icon too much slack, however - I didn't realise that there were continents painted in the background of the compass, and the compass is fairly weak as a metaphor for the Web. I think the Finder icon is poor too. Disclosure: Another Mac user. The essay makes this assertion a couple of times: "The banking system .. just lost > 1 Trillion dollars (so far) on a single error, more than was ever earned in the history of banking." Really, more than was ever earned in the history of banking? To me that would seem to imply that at this point every banking institution would be bankrupt. Shouldn't a guy who chides people for sloppy thinking be rather more careful, or am I just missing something and being stoopid? If AIG went down, do you in some way think you would find it easier to get a loan. On the contrary, I think it would be unlikely that anyone would be lending anyone anything. Excellent! Live clickable ads on the Wall in Half Life! Probably for ammo shops and medical retailers, I suspect. Wet-wipes are your friend. "The ending is my favorite Stephenson ending." ... you mean, he's included one this time? Summary: Web 3.0 is mashups, in an environment where more Web components have well defined interfaces and are, therefore, mashable. The story itelf appears to have exploded. Businesses fail for one of 3 reasons: 1. Bad idea 2. Bad execution 3. Outside forces. Astonishing! what a revelation! Judging by the amount of money I spend on shareware apps (for the Mac) someone's making some money. I can't be the only one, can I? The page doesn't seem to render here. I love Hacker news, but, but... has there ever been any discussion about the desirability of having a couple of lines of summary under the headline? The headline only format irks me. Oops, I'm modded down. I presume that this is a stupid idea that has been suggested and rejected n000 times before. Anyone? I wonder to what extent this will put a dent in Twitter. For anyone in a similar situation in the UK, I recommend http://www.voipfone.co.uk/ I've used them from a while as I'm based from home. You can get a London number routed to a dedicated VoIP phone hanging off your router, you also get voicemail that goes to your e-mail for free and an SMS notification etc when a voicemail is left. Not involved with them, but just a happy punter who found he could set up shop at home without installing a second line. The problem with the original poster's suggestion is that the original headline was written to be seen in context. Usually this means that it is accompanied bny full text that can be seen at a glance, sometimes it means that it is seen with a brief summary. HN is splendid, but as a noob, I find myself grinding my teeth that I have to click on every single damn link to see what the story is actually about. I mean "Tim O'Reilly to software developers: get serious" what's that actually about? Anything worth my time? who knows. I have to admit, as a user I rather miss OpenDoc. Cyberdog was nifty. ...and I predict that once Twitter tries to charges a corporates it will be replaced by an RSS Feed. In what way are you required to read an SMS the moment that it arrives? I kept waiting for him to say something novel, but gave up after about 15 minutes. Clearly, I'm missing something. I wonder if we'll end up with the kind of movement that swept Usenet back in the 80s when everybody's .sig seemed to contain content for 'the line eater': Explosion, terrorism, Osama etc If I'm buying a game, do I really care whether they are in London or Essex? No, I don't - the game is going in the post anyway. The UK list is a bit grim at the moment, mainly because you are mixing cities and counties into the same list. That comes across as strange, almost as if you are making a category error. Have you though of sticking to counties, or using sythentic regions (The South East, The Northwest, the Midlands etc). If I were you I might think instead about asking the user for his/her postcode. Then the user can decide to rank hits by proximity if they want, or by other criteria. I want the closest piano stool. I live in East London; some parts of Essex are closer to me than some parts of London. The East London Line was closed for several days the other month when a rather large bomb was found during work on the Olympic Park. I don't want to push the point in an irritating way, but I think you should think about amending the post flow.... Currently you have people selecting a region and THEN selecting what they want. It would be better to have people select what they want and THEN select how important the proximity is. That solves (i) The arbitrary city/region issue and (ii) Lets you advertise on the home page the scope of what people can shop for, rather than advertising all the cities in a country. Sorry - how exactly do you mount the disk of an unbootable Mac on another machine, via an Ethernet cable? I think one problem with this analysis is the assumption that all empires collapse in the same way. It's quite possible that any U.S collapse will be more akin to that of the U.K. A gradual decline and disengagement from foreign territories. Err, excuse me. I've taken my daughter to A&E (the UK equivalent of ER) a couple of time in her life due to high fever and a very nasty hacking cough. On both occassions, they prescribed ibuprofen, liquids and on one occassion put her in a cooling bath to reduce temperature. On both occassions I was satisfied: I was pretty sure that it was a viral infection, but with a temperature that high, I wanted to be sure. I would be bloody annoyed if the docs prescribed unnecessary antibiotics. Not all patients are dense and doctors shouldn't treat us as if we are - that just spreads ignorance. Actually, we are lucky over here now. NHS is a really very good phone consulting service. You phone up with a sick child and they take you through a very VERY detailed list of symptoms and questions. This phone service has saved me a couple of night trips to the hospital since it started. Summary: Turning to a wholey raw vegan diet appears to have affected my cognition adversely. '64. So Generation X, according to this, thoug to be honest I've never felt part of a particular generation. I've picked up a couple of consulting gigs through providing decent answers im the Answers section. If I have a few moments spare at the end of the day, I'll look through open questions and answer them. Sometimes they are interesting questions that I would like to think through myself; sometimes they land directly in my area of expertise. But it's a win-win you help someone, and at the same time advertise that you are a reasonable, helpful guy who knows at least something about an area. By comparison, I find Facebook completely pointless. It is redundant in precisely the same way. It's also a very clever framing the question in a leading way. Let's try framing it in another way: Let's say you're a business decision maker, and you got yourself on this cloud computing kick. Who would you rather buy your cloud resources from? 1. A company who built its entire business on the high availability of its international network of online transaction engines, 2. A company which has built its business on indexing, and processing one of the biggest data stores in the world, and which has also built and run the world's most popular Internet-based productivity tools. 3. A company whose business relies om shipping a PC operating systems and which also supplies a word processor. " I'm not saying that my framing is any less biased, just that there is more than one way to view these things. In the latter instance, the term you are looking for is not 'Markup' it is 'source' or 'text'. I don't read nearly as many books as I used to, but that's because I now look after two kids. I used to read on the way to work on the Tube every day. I am reading two books at the moment though - Iain M Bank's latest - Matter, and Dennet's Darwin's Dangerous Idea Now, I'm sure you are a splendid, law-abiding 100% legit operation. However from a potential customer point of view and without additional information this could look like a brilliant scam designed to phish for various types of high-value, possibly company-confidential information. In your FAQ you have: Q: Are my files and data secure? A: Yes, your files are uploaded using a secure SSL encrypted transfer service. To be honest, if I were using such a service, transmission to your servers would be the least of my worries. This may be something that you could address, perhaps by beefing up the how does it work section. Do you have a little sweatshop somewhere with people retypring data? I think you should make explicit provision in your will, including instructions on how to access passwords. Thinking about it, I would be quite tempted to leave my wife a 'to be opened in the event of my death' envelope containing (among other things) the master password to my Mac's Keychain. I Apple is tinkering with Internet search, my guesses would be: 1. Extending Spotlight to handle remote data as well as local 2. ... No, actually I can only think of that. All of these examples appear to have been swiped from the rather excellent http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Congratulations. I blooged about Dabbleboard a while ago, but blimey - with the new tool set, I'm going to need to blog again. Brilliant work Utimately it does, if it is concrete, 6ft high and has a locked gate in the middle. This is tragic, one of the delights of travelling in France was you could stop off in any small village, walk in to what looked like a café-bar and get the most amazing tasting simple food - an omlette that would make you go "wow". Yes. I was chatting to one of the folks involved in iPhone Devcamp the other week and he was saying that $120 is the bare minimum at the moment. So the figures tally. Well, I can touch my toes with my elbows. So I reckon I'm unique. ... oh, that wasn't what you meant? So what? The use of the term makes it appear that you are equating getting a kid to do homework with the Gulag's arrests, interrogations, transport in unheated cattle cars, forced labor, destruction of families, years spent in exile, and the early and unnecessary deaths. I'm not a typical HN reader/user. I'm a one-man consultancy outfit, helping businesses sort out how best to use Internet technologies for internal and external collaboration. I also help untangle knotty workflow problems, you get the picture. "Making it", as far as I am concerned is having a steady stream of people coming through my door through personal recommendation with really interesting problems - enough in fact that I can turn the less interesting ones away to other people. I get to make money, I get to help people (I know it sounds sappy, but I love it) and I get to think about interesting problems. It doesn't get much better than that for me, it really doesn't. No. I haven't quite "made it" yet, I only started out as an independent a few months ago, but I've had enough of a taste of it to make me a very happy bunny. This might be helpful: http://caldav.calconnect.org/implementations/clients.html I disagree actually, I think the recommendations at the end of the blog post make reasonable sense. The goodwill created by running such a service has value, and it is a waste to jettison this - bBoth for Twitter and for the original app author. While getting a job at Twitter is excellent, I wouldn't want to devalue my personal brand if I could help it- the job at Twitter may not last for ever and the developer may want to entice people to a new start-up in the future. So finessing any eventual shut-down makes sense. Actually, he's asking you to put your money where his mouth is - and without any credit card protection. A cynic would also point out that that by not accepting credit cards he also avoids losing the cutr of the transaction that they charge and so makes more money. I'm not a cynic of course. Personally, my credit card is paid of automatically each month in full. Actually, most of the complaints I've seen about the Touch and the iPhone seem to be about the lack of storage. I have a 16Gig Touch and it is crammed. Let's see... 8Gigs of audio (including a lot of BBC podcasts) 4 Gigs of video 2 Gigs of photos 200Mb apps 200 megs app data. I've never bought video through iTunes, but video is extremely useful. When we go away on holiday, I always encode a couple of children's series on to it which comes in very handy as an occassional treat for the two girls when its getting late and we are setting up a tent, or we have a boring hour or two in a aiport terminal or on a very long flight (We're in the UK, my wife's family in Australia). Video also gets used to transport home movies to my parents' house for viewing through the TV. Is video a 'killer app'? No, but it was definitely a nice-to-have factor in the purchasing decision, as was the excellent Web browsing and e-mail client. Converting video for the iPod is really rather simple: http://handbrake.fr/ ... not just for DVDs anymore. A fascinating WebApp, and really useful to schools and students, I would have thought. I've only tested it for about 2 minutes, but I already found one odd ommission - try searching for Ethene and see what you get. Also it says that yo can search by common name, which is fabulous, but you might want to open the system up to crowd-sourcing so that people can contribute common names and attch them to molecules. A search on Deoxyribonucleic acid, for example produces no hits. I'd like to hear your boss' point of view before jumping to judgement. ... and I think you could probably do with hearing his point of view too. I tend to just CMD-Click on the icon in the toolbar to see the path. (Works in most other apps too) I wrote up a little blog entry about DropBox's place in the enterprise here: http://blog.infowranglers.com/blog/_archives/2008/9/16/38803... I'm NOT a security or legal expert, but my concerns would be more about the security of sensitive data, rather than concerns over the possible sale of personal information (it's been a while, but I don't remember Dropbox asking anything too intrusive.) You cannot specify your own AES key, which might be a worry to some people. The DropBox team suggest sharing encrypted disk images if this is an issue. Anyone know what the 'star' functionality is meant to be for? Clicking the question mark next to it simply selected the star. Mouseover didn't giove any helpful tooltips either. It's a childish affectation that he never bothered to jettison. Rather like the people who do little smilies instead of dotting their i's Many thanks. The interesting question is - how many of those bids are actually being placed by Swoopo? I presume that, like most journalists - just because he was at a show, it didn't mean he was just writing about the show. I was a tech journalist/edit for many years. When I was at a show I spent my time talk to people at the show, yes - but also had commitments - to edit copy, handle other stories that the office was sending me and deal with other administrivia remotely. Combine that with the fact that half the demos you had booked in advance to see would not have been working and yes... I can imagine having to bail from the hall. Of course, that's why we gave all the journalists cellular data cards for emergencies. And you know what? It's still funny. I find it is always worth a peek at this http://www.internettrafficreport.com/main.htm before getting too doom-laden. +++ATH0 It has it's own e-mail address? Great - what happens when a prankster starts mailing Goatse to my living room? Not the only one: You can watch Hal Douglas do his stuff here, in an amusingly self-referential trailer http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=yXbFuNQwTbs I watched GroundHog Day in my mid-30s and was inspired to learn the piano. Stop laughing at the back. The fact is that you don't have to be good to enjoy yourself. My Dad started learning in his mid 70s. I don't believe Steve's dignity has been diminished one jot. I'm saddened that you think less of him. Or are you saying that that you don't think less of him, but believe that everyone else will view him has having less dignity. I'm too old. It's strikes me that his advice on how to avoid getting burnt out at work is advice that is precisely designed to ensure that your day job is boring, unfulfilling and that you never get given any tasks that are interesting or designed to let you stretch your intellectual wings. Dear employees, I'm middle-aged, burned out and on the verge of a breakdown. I'm casting around for someone to blame for my feelings of ill-directed rage. Please help me. Love, The boss. Aren't the first too the kind of thing you can do just as well by subscribing to an RSS feed? I would argue that people often read the comments because the headline-only format of YC leaves them guessing what the article is actually about. If you are considering putting the leading comment text up there, please consider getting submitters to include a one sentence summary of the article instead. Well, I'm a Mac user running Safari. Do I mind installing a free plug-in to get access to an interesting app? No. I don't see where you (necessarily) get "small subset" from. I believe in this case "most people" = some people. I've had a quick play and set up an account. There's a few usability quirks that immediately sprung to mind; I didn't find it particularly intuitive to actually dive in use: 1. When you first set up account and start a workspace, the first thing it asks you to do is choose the people you want to share it with. This seems "wrong" to me. I would expect to be able to set up a workplace, add documents and wotnot and only then be bothered about who I wanted to invite in. 2. I then tried to work out how to add an item to a workspace... there were buttons on mouse over for Manage, Share and Delete - so I sat there trying to find 'Add document'. It wasn't until I eventually clicked on the workspace that I 'entered' it. I wasn't really expecting that 'enter to do something' metaphor. How about a mouse-over 'click to enter message'. 3. Add video resource - how about some clue as to the formats you accept. None that I tried. that's for sure. It's a bit distracting to see the Web page URL input go scrolling by on the way to the file chooser. 4. Thumbnails of the documents would be good. 5. The Black pallette really isn't to my taste. 6. The big one... without the ability to actually edit Word or Excel files (as opposed to annotate), it isn't really a collaborative tool in my opinion, I'll probably keep using Google Docs or Drop Box and I suspect others will too. Sorry, it's a lovely idea apart from that. I'm not sure I can even see myself using it with the free account. I don't mind making Safari 'potentially crash more' - I only mind if it actually does crash more. Since Safari crashes are very few and far between, and haven't noticeably increased since I installed Silverlight some time ago, this potential problem isn't high on my list of priorities. I suppose I can always go back to Lynx if these things really bother me too much. Glad they were at least marginally useful. 1. Perhaps the Wizard should initially ask 'what would you like to do first - add resources, or invite people to the space'? 2. I'm not sure that adding a roll-over is the correct idea here, so I don't want to send you down a blind alley. It may be the correct solution is to actually avoid surfacing the functions at all (they still have to be provided inside the workspace, I presume so you aren't reducing complexity). Instead maybe it is worth looking at how you could amend the workspace design to make it look more 'clickable to enter'. 3. Understood. All I would suggest is you list the supported format(s) to avoid Mac users like myself attempting conversions blind. 6. Completely understood. The comment was a bit brutal but I thought it was worth making. The very best of luck. ... because it is so much fun developing for IE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Lynx, et al. I've also seen the dreaded 'Too many characters' error a few times. I'm not a database specialist, so I hope you will allow me to ask a daft question. Why, in the user table is the password held as a TinyBLOB. To allow for Unicode, or somesuch? SQLEditor might be worth a look: http://www.malcolmhardie.com/sqleditor/ Costs $70-something I think, but has a free trial and generates the SQL to set up the tables from your diagrams. Head-slap "of course" Thanks for taking the time Ezra. I was a tech journalist and an analyst for many years and there is one point that is implied, but not mentioned explicitly: * If you can talk knowledgably and interestingly about the the industry and a bit of technology, apart from your specific products do so - if asked. Journalists are always on the look out for knowledgable people who can tell them little bits of information about what is going on in their patch. It is fairly easy to build up a decent rapport with an journalist if you're a domain expert. This one was not mentioned at all: * Know the journalist. Not all journalists are created equal, so find out a bit about what he/she has written previously. Is (s)he a tech geek? interested in the business side? After user case-stories? Where are they in terms of experience - a new staff writer who would welcome a bit of hand-holding in the technology, or an old lag who knows the industry backwards? Knowing this can make all the difference. In terms of showing copy, I never did. But if you have someone who you think is a bit wobbly on some aspects of the story it does no harm to say: "If you want me to have a quick look through once your done and check the detail, it's not a problem". Regarding the advice: "journalists are generally not out to trick you or trip you up." Well actually some of us are, a bit. Particularly when presented with a glossy, to-good-to-be-true presentation, the natural inclination is to look for problems. We don't (well I didn't) like writing puff pieces. So we'll use our smarts to say "well what about this?". Try to be straight forward when answering these kind of questions: Someone saying: "yes, you're right that is a potential problem, we are looking at it and in the meantime there's a workaround that - while not elegant - does the trick" ALWAYS works better than blushing, getting aggressive or whatever. Finally - don't try power hand-shakes. During the '80s bloody U.S. execs always turned hand-shakes into an arm wrestling match. Occassionally, I just used to say: "ouch" it always put them off their stride wonderfully. Look around - somewhere in there is a grey lozenge/button with 'Get the NOW Widget' I have it in my OS X Dashboard now, god help me. It doesn't seem like a balsamiq alternative to me, really. More like an alternative to Protoshare Why on earth are you trying to use a Wiki as a calendaring app whn there are so many good calendaring apps out there. I'm fairly techie - but if someone told me to edit a Wiki to put my holidays in, I would not be amused. You'll be getting them to use vi to enter expenses claims next. Yes. If my karma is sufficiently bad, I won't have opposable thumbs anymore. That makes writing a drag. Weerl, off the top of my head, I suppose you could replace password with a 'something you know' challenge. Ask for 5 personal pieces of information (name of your first love, first school, etc.) then challenge for one of them at log-in. I suspect people would be less succeptable to share 5 pieces of such information with their colleagues, than a single password. The one thing, I don't understand. You say "Think of us as Getsatisfaction/UserVoice for small businesses." But small businesses are all over Getsatisfaction. So what's different about FeedbackJar? It may be measured, but it's not helpful. Let's assume that Joel is neither stupid nor malicious. Therefore he is having problems that presumably others are having. In this case it is useful to actually set out the nature of Joel's error, rather than simply saying "Joel is a dolt". Non-malicious criticism can often be helpful in letting you explore why people misunderstand you. Of course my assumptions could be wrong - he could believe that Joel is being malicious. Would it be possible to have an indication of your comments-points average within your profile. The new orange badge-of honour has motivated me to become more insightful, witty, helpful and technically adept... but I want to know how much more ISWHTA I need to become to hit the threshold. There's actually a serious point to this, some people will be quite serious about wanting to "go orange" and I think that's a fine aspiration. Unfortunately, the system as devised is likely to penalises two types of comment: 1. Commenting on slightly older stories - the comment is less likely to be voted up (or down) and will therefore harm the commentor's points average. 2. The "Thanks" comment. I have on occasion posted a quick 'thank you' to someone for answering a question. I wouldn't expect that to be voted up - it is not interesting or insightful, it's just an (almost private) message of appreciation for some help. Saying "thanks" reduces your average. If you want less of that type of behaviour then, fine - but I suspect that these are unintended consequences. I suspect you are attempting to co-opt the term "user friendly" to mean the same as "powerful" the two are not synonymns. Having read both of these, I can't really see why Google could simply refine its existing news section to incorporate ephemeral data. It's interesting, particularly the crowd-source matchmaking approach. I suspect the "people who would look great together" meme will put quite a few people off simply because it seems superficial and they won't want to be seen to be overly influenced by looks alone. You do already expose other information about likes and dislikes, so maybe you could replace "look" with "be"? On the other hand, I'm not the target demographic. It could be that you will appeal to a rich vein of people who are interested in looks alone, and are happy to be thought of in that way. Personally, I would be tempted to do some multivariate testing, one with the "be" messaging and one with the "look" messaging and see how results compare. What's your address again? (Just checking) :-) I remember reading Wonderful Life when it first came out, and thinking "If this guy weren't well respected, I'd think he is a kook". It's nice to not always be wrong. I think your interpretation is wrong. Darwin's theory is that of evolution through natural selection. Evolution through guidance of a supremem being is different and antithetical to Darwin's ideas. Nice soundbite, but which parts of Darwinian evolution have been rejected? Firstly, Darwin "basically" said that the best adapted organism will have most offspring, so you are setting up a straw man by suggesting he implied that competition for resources is necessarily the over-riding factor. Secondly you say that "In reality, the organisms that are the best adapted for their niche win-- almost always because they are the best at cooperating". Now, I'm eager to see you give decent examples. How is cooperation in any way involved in the production of poison-resistant rats, the speckled moth transitions, the evolution of the horse's hoof, the eye? Is the first quote above REALLY suggesting that there is no competition for fit mates among mating animals? That birds won't strip a fruiting tree before their compatriots get a chance? Ah, so God's in the cosmic rays and the replication errors? I'm sorry but the original poster is clearly saying that the article is attempting to be misleading, by creating a false dichotomy between natural selection and 'designed' evolution. I see no evidence that the dichotomy is false. I came here to say the same thing, it is a very well written story in my opinion, which manages to be accessible, while at the same time retaining accuracy. Well done Jacquelyne Froeber and the editors who worked on the copy. As for whether this is a big deal: Yes - in terms of science, although not necessarily a big clinical deal. Other strains may use different receptors, but this is the most common. There is also the mystery question embedded in the story: Why didn't the other strain he was infected woiith rebound You could say that, but that would be to define God as random chance - and if you want to define God in that way, I suppose I could say I believe in God. Probably not a very useful definition, however. This assumes that I don't enjoy the physical objects themselves and being able to wander around and pick a book off a shelf. I do. I'm willing to pay for the pleasure. I loved Brazil, but I still have a soft spot for 12 Monkeys. I also like the fact that both films feature tiny parts for Simon Jones, the original Arthur Dent. The thing that annoyed me about The Matrix is that I didn't think it was nearly as clever as it clearly thought it is. It had a pervasive smell of intellectual smugness. I much prefer movies that present themselves as rollicking good fun, but include some nice little bits of brain-fodder. I liked Dark City a lot. I haven't seen it since it was in the cinemas but I remember at the time it made a big impact on me. For some reason, I always link it with Angel Heart, in terms of that impact. Nope. I am British and used to be a journalist. The first place I worked had a very large sign on the wall: "Companies are singular". Which indeed they are, although staffed by multiple individuals. When I was a tech journalist, it was common for large firms, Apple IBM etc to ask you to sign NDAs when showing you research stuff. They tended to fly you to the factory first, then whip out the paperwork. I would quite happily sign - once I had struck through or amended the clauses I didn't like. That used to confuse them occasionally, but they never argued. The actual headline of this article seems as if it should be: "New Rule: Online storage alone is insufficient for an online storage venture to succeed". Well, if I were them I would want to get my uptime a little more solid before I took on too many contractual obligations. I signed quite a few NDAs when Taligent, OpenDoc and Copland were being brewed. God I feel old. Both the Radio and the TV series had Simon Jones as Mr Dent. How can you not like System 7. It introduces tinted 3D folders for goodness sake. I'm 10 minutes in so far and I'm beginning to lose patience, not only with the interminable history lesson, but also with the unbearable level of smug. OK, so the actual transaction here, isn't Twitter users donating to the charity, it's Twitter users donating publicity to a company which is donating to charity - correct? Well there is: http://deletionpedia.dbatley.com/w/index.php?title=Main_Page I suspect this is actually a legal nightmare. What happens when the informal summary actually fails to capture some legal subtlety embodied in the legalese? Which have I agreed to? What happens when a company (deliberately, perhaps) musrepresents the meaning of the legalese in the summary. The real solution is to write simpler clearer User Agreements, rather than attempting to skin them. Did he actually go over their heads? Or did he just become too hard to follow? One nice little addition not really mentioned anywhere - it will have the ability to sync notes with the desktop, making the notes applet actually useful. I suspect we may see an influx of 'demo' games costing $0.01c, where you can buy the additional levels. At the moment there are a host of free 'Lite' games with paid-for versions. Not suprisingly, Apple releases the SDK ahead of the OS release, so that developers get some lead time. When the SDK is released it also announces the new features. Completely wrong. Most DVD players in the UK are locked. Luckily most can be unlocked with a quick Google for the relevant 'secret code' but nonetheless. I'm sorry but I'm very very sceptical about this. We are essentially talking about playing games over VNC. OK, I exagerate but the video compression etc is going to have to be a magnitude or more better than anyone else has achieved and there are people out there who are no slouches at video compression. I'm sure the demonstrations on a local LAN were great. Let's see it running over the net. The only way I can see this working is if they persuade (say) cable companies to collocate servers at the exchange. Of it's going to be cross-platform, about as far as they can go is to send polygon data for rendering locally. I'm still sceptical, but would of course love to be proved wrong. Just an idea. Could you extend this so that I could send a text with an ISBN number or numbers and you would return a text with the prices. I hate the idea of trying to hear a robotic voice in a busy store and then having to write the price down on the back of my hand while holding the phone in my third hand. I've been thinking about the OnLive business model and the difficulties with the technology/bandwidth and this is what I reckon they are going to do: Sell it to DSL/Cable companies. I sorry I just don't believe that the system will work if it is hosted in some nebulous cloud somewhere, and I suspect that the ISPs will go bonkers about the amount of traffic that it generates - if the ISPs aren't getting a payback. Obvious answer - the ISPs sell it as a service to their customers and colocate the equipment at their exchanges. Judge Wapner's on in 15 minutes. ... thus precipitating the dirty-bomb attack of 2006 What about Mozy? Self referential, perhaps. The main case against it in the article is that there are more "efficient" licenses, in the economic sense of the word. That may well be right, but the GPL was designed as tool to promote an ideology, as opposed to a tool to maximize efficiency and productivity. Therefore, even if it is not maximally efficient, that doesn't imply it has outlived its usefulness. Unless there's some kind of accident. I do my own accounting, for the same reason I rewired my own house. Because I'm interested in doing it. Especially when you bear in mind that natural history presentation is only one of the strings to his bow. He was Controller or BBC2 and was tipped to be Director General of the BBC except that he decided that he couldn't stand working behind a desk for much longer. That this comment will rightfully be voted down. A spin drier and a heated tumble drier are rather different. OK, I've given it my usual one minute test... 1. Love the concept, the idea of someone hand holding me through (say) buying an LCD TV is interesting. 2. The 1 2 3 Workflow failed the first time I tried it, since apparently there were no registered experts for the particular item I searched for. However instead of saying 'Sorry there aren't any experts on this area at the moment' it displayed a "Everyone's an expert Become a personal shopping expert" banner, which confused the socks off me. I was about to come here and say 'the workflow is broken' until I happened to try another category where there was an expert. Make the 'sorry no-one available' message explicit rather than coughing in an embarrassed way and saying 'look - over there!'. 3. Having clicked on the expert's (JoeBloggs) face I got a brief bio and link to "Request JoeBloggs and get connected". Apart from the grammatical horror, I'm a shy soul. What would happen if I clicked? Would my Webcam suddenly turn on and I'd find myself talking to this bloke? Very Scary stuff. I bet you get 80% of people backing out at that point. But because I'm a kind soul, I put my trousers on and clicked. Phew I got an input box and a suggestion to "Please describe the type of product you're looking for. We'll notify JoeBloggs privately with your request. We can't guarantee response times, but being polite and descriptive usually helps." OK that's a lot less scary. My strong suggestion would be to put That text and the input box on the preceding page with the experts profile. I don't want to click some 'message him' link without knowing exactly what I'm in for. Lots of other thoughts, but those are the main starters. That is the Web's default. It's users that make the conscious decision to over-ride the fault by installin AdBlock. FWIW, I never block ads because I'm happy to have free content and pay an ad tax. That's why on Slashdot a +1 Funny vote will not earn the poster any karma. I thought Guns Germs & Steel was an excellent book. ... and yet, and yet - the wheelbarrow is an extremely useful machine. 6 days in, everything's fine thank you. If you are interested in the origins of the individual letters, Wikipedia's entries for A, B, C etc. are worth a read. I know Twitter is desparately cool and widely used. But It seems fairly rubbish as a primary back-channel. It's nice to be able to vaccum up tweets going out of the conference and not directly meant for people in the session/conference. But for direct feedback there are several chat alternatives which would be better, including IRC. The commercialisation of open source has added an instrinsic reason for suckage. With closed source software the most common model is the license fee. Support calls and interaction with the user is a cost and something to avoid if possible. You polish your code and your interface until the users leave you alone. With the rise of support-supported open source, the converse is true. You make your money from support, so typically the more polish, the less revenue. This is a fundamentally broken feedback loop IMHO with an intrisinic tension between product quality and cash. You want the product to very nearly work perfectly, but require work to integrate. Yes, thanks - I've hiked quite long stretches of the Inca trail... I reckon you can get a wheelbarrow along without too much trouble (pulling it, anyway). You're right of course. Except perhaps that quite a few people won't bother with a yearly support contract, if the software is so polished that it doesn't need vendor support. I;d just like to clarify one thing. I don't think that open source software sucks, I think much of it is excellent, I just think that there is an inherent tension that tends to pull it towards suckage in a purely commercial market. That's your opinion. But as another Mac user - dmg please. He should have the mibbit widget embedded on the front page. Hmmm, unjust? Apple's busines model is to use the hardware sales to subsidize software sales. Hence the EULA which prohibits you from using OS X on non-Apple machines. From the article: "The only possible problem here is the EULA, which forbids installing Mac OS X on hardware that is not "Apple-labeled". I solved that issue by placing an actual apple on top of my machine" To which I say - I really don't think you have solved that issue. I accidentally invented a game with my daughter when she was about 3 which she really seemed to enjoy and appears to have helped her at school in terms of reasoning and thinking out of the box. There was a football up in a tree - "how could we get that down?" I asked and we proceeded to take turns starting off with the prosaic "use a stick" to the increasingly farfetched "helicopter" "string elastic between the houses and bounce... no it would get tangled". We still play it today and as she gets older the form modifies and she gets more imaginative. There's a nice element of problem solving and silliness. I recommend it. See which one your mother prefers. You know it'll save arguments. Personally, I have better things to do with cash than spend it on a flash car, so buy a robust older model of car with a reputation for reliability. Learn enough to do simple servicing yourself. Purchase breakdown cover. Surely you can't evaluate whether it works "brilliantly well" until you have compared the success of your selected sample against another randomly selected sample. You may find that carrying out interviews on the roll of a dice is equally as effective at letting you meet candidates who wouldn't otherwise make the CV-lead cut. No I think "walk in" is probably more descriptive of what happened here. To be honest (and I'm in a similar IT consulting business as you) I agree that once you're working closely with the client, signing a NDA is standard. You want them to feel free to divulge the secret sauce of their business so that you can offer the best service. HOWEVER, I frequently delete or amend small portions of the NDA before signing and explain to the client why I have done so. I've never had a problem so far. As I've posted above, I've never refused but I have frequently suggested small amendments and explained why I was concerned. It's never been a problem, though in all honesty this has been with mid-sized businesses rather than megacorps. I really don't see why they don't wall the garden, but leave a window for the spider to see into the garden. Let Google index it and advertise it. Let readers see the adverts and pay for the full content. It parses if you are a Brit. The phrase 'down tools' harks back to the years of industrial strife when the union would instruct workers to ... well, I'm sure you can guess. My thought on this initiative was that it reminded me of the Google system of personal projects, expect coordinated across the entire company. The fact that a company - any company - is not posting material on its own behalf suggests that it is attempting to rely the poster's reputation to get it promoted rather than pure the merit of the article quality. I don't particularly see anything wrong with this as long as there is a degree of transparency and the poster adds an initial comment to the effect that: Bob from example.com asked me to post this and since it is clearly neat, I have. or Bob from example.com asked me to post this and since he paid me $500, I have. ... as appropriate. Post the link. Add an HN comment. I'd have to ask, what's your line manager like, do you trust him/her? If so, tell them what you've just told us. In a previous life, I had to ask a developer to pull up his socks and come in on time, for just the reasons you outline - I didn't want the people who were working their socks off to start feeling aggrieved (I was starting to pick up some sotto voce grumbles). It's part of what management should do. Hmmm, I wrote and edited UK IT trade magazines for well over 15 years and I can tell you a couple of things in my experience: 1. The editorial staff didn't give a fig for the adverts that went in. Once the magazine had been put to bed, we hardly ever looked at it again, apart from to see how the colour repro came out. 2. Occassionally we would get calls from a vendor who was stupid enough to suggest that we should cover them, since they advertised. It gave us the greatest pleasure to tell them we really didn't care. 3. Occasionally an ad-sales guy would make a stupid promise to bring something to editorial's attention. They got short shrift. But that's what ad-sales sometimes guys do, they sometimes make silly promises to try and make their quota. That doesn't mean the organisation is rotten to the core. It wasn't named "a patchy server" for nothing. Hi - I see you're talking about links, would you like some solid gold cuff-links? Click . Come now people, remember your history the original FAQ on the Apache Server project's website claimed that "The result after combining [the NCSA httpd patches] was a patchy server..." The message I take away from this is that Seth believes he much much more special than the people who draw a wage. I think Safire would probably have suggested that you used "died" rather than "passed on". No? I would trust the author's judgement in matters such as "I hate pastrami". If (s)he had said "... it turns out all pastrami is horrible" I think you would have a stronger case. "First to market is already a huge competitive advantage." In some circumstances yes. In some circumstances, a truly innovative and inventive creation can still be duplicated by an un-innovative competitor in a matter of days. http://www.channel4.com/programmes/the-daily-show-with-jon-s... Well, that gets you the full shows, rather than this particular clip. Still it's a start. I'm in pretty much the same position with my parents. The main issue as I see it is getting the thing to drive a printer since they will occasionally want to print documents or photos. Let's see what's in iPhone OS 4.0 Indeed.. But it's probably only been in the last decade, or 15 years that picking up dog poo has become a norm. I'm sure you're aware - but you don't need to plug the iPhone/Touch in to update Podcasts - those are available over the air. From what you say, a "little chat" before you signed the contract suggested that it was fine to keep your start-up. A "little chat" afterwards has suggested that it is not. Both of these little chats are beside the point - it is the contract that matters. So the question is, does your start-up compete with your employer. That's not compete as in "compete for time in the same way that eating a sandwich would compete for time" that's compete as in "compete commercially". If not then your are not breaking the terms of the contract. If they would like to renegotiate the contract that is something they need to talk to you about. I see that Pawn is a Ltd. company, so I guess that you are based in the UK in which case I suspect an industrial tribuneral would find in your favour and award you compensation if your employer tried to fire you for this. You might wan to have a chat to a nice lawyer. Translation of the translation: "Flamebait makes for great page impressions" The examples he gives are "fun" and "human" but the point he makes can be broadened out. Much business writing is simply lazy and cliched. This is compounded by the fact often a company won't want to describe its products in simple, accessible terms because the products need to be made to sound complex, mysterious, worth a lot of you money. So you tend to get terminology inflation. Really, never had any problems on my 1G Touch No, I don't get it. In what way it it better for a spammer to post a scout message and then check whether the scout message appears before posting the spam, than simply posting a spam message and seeing of the spam appears? I've just had a flashback to the original JavaOne conference. It's going to be a long night. Looks very nice indeed. The only thing I would suggest is to add a star-rating system, so that you can see the distribution of opinion. Currently you can only vote for "Good", there is no "despite what others say, this really sucks" function. It has different meanings in different sectors. Typical in desktop publishing tools, such as Xpress and InDesign, 'greeking' occurs when actual representation of letters is replaced by a stylised texture patterns. Usually this occurs at font sizes or zoom levels where it is impractical to accurately render the type on screen. I must admit that after 20 years in publishing, I've never heard of Ipsum Lorem described as 'greek text', but I'm sure it is possible. The biggest improvement is that it salts passwords now. What's the nature of the agreement between you. Can you just dissolve the start-up and go your separate ways?