As far as I understood the article, David had this accident in Argentina and the local authorities are investigating the matter. Daniel then left the country, going back to Brazil. Presumably -- but this is pure speculation on my part -- they asked him to return, in order to answer questions, and he declined. Argentina issues an international arrest warrant, so they can interview him. Daniel travels overseas, immigration at the airport scans his passport, the arrest warrant pops up. Everything from that point is purely automatic. Its language semantics are a sweet spot for me. And in my kind of web applications I handle massive load via HTTP Caching, leaving your "fast" language without cache-aware architecture far behind, thank you very much. The language does not implement caching. Your application architecture needs to take server caching into account. And in my experience, devs who focus so much on the "fast language" part, do so, because they don't actually know much about caching. And no, this statement is not universally qualified. I don't understand why you would want to implement HTTP caching in a language's runtime. Honestly, I don't even see where and how you could even do that. Of course "you don't implement caching". I think it was clear that I was talking about designing a cache-aware application. Cf. http://www.mnot.net/cache_docs/ . Okay, then I misunderstood where you were getting at. My fault. No, it didn't. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit did. I have played with GPG time and again, my Enigmail/Thunderbird/OpenPGP card setup is fully functional. But what's holding me back is webmail. I don't use the web interface often, but it has proven to be absolutely crucial to be able to get some important mail (boarding pass, mail explaining how to get somewhere etc.) from any computer. Doesn't help. First, I'm not remotely interested in running my own mail infrastructur anymore. Been there, done that. Today it's much too hard to get mails accepted by others. But more important: iPads don't have an USB connector, my mobile phone doesn't have one. Friends have Macs, in other places there might be other crippled devices. The web is a universal building block. USB sticks are not. A password manager does not encrypt or sign mails. My friend's computers don't have PGP installed. Neither do "surf terminals". I certainly cannot install PGP there. Everything that requires some special software to run is a non-starter. That's wrong (you may mean "in the US", though, I don't know about that). And incredibly stupid. Of course it is desirable to give the attacker a chance to retreat by firing a warning shot. If he continues and you're in imminent physical danger, you shoot at the legs. And only if that did not help you go for the torso. (If there is enough time, if the killing shot is the only one you're ever going to get to fire, then that it is) That is equivalent to abolishing rule of law. And leads to an immediate race to the bottom of human sentiments and emotions. Feel free to google for "Gesundes Volksempfinden" (~"healthy people's perception"). The central pillar that allowed German jurists in the Third Reich to distort the existing law at will. The German civil code has been changed often, but fundamentally it's the same now as it was in 1900. Pretty fascinating how it's now seeing the fourth totally different political system. Well, but I know about what German courts require in cases of self-defense with a gun. I'm sorry to hear that the US have not developed some sensible framework of self-defense. I find the Florida system eminently sensible, even not going far enough. Maybe just because I'm kind of used to it. German self-defense law is even stronger than all those Stand Your Ground laws in the US. I guess only here law professors can write about the "ignominious/dishonorable flight" when discussing options against an attacker. "Justice does not have to yield to injustice" is a very common saying. But even if the law allows you to strike back, it's usually still a good idea to retreat. :-) A saying from an aquaintance who works as a public prosecutor in capital cases: "Generally it's preferable to discuss the limitations of self-defense with the prosecutor, than having the family discuss with the undertaker." Ambiguity does exist in natural languages, and it is obviously no big problem.[1] Unfortunately, technically inclined people like to apply their domain specific "knowledge" (compiler cosntruction?) to everything and come to incredibly bad conclusions. Ex falso quodlibet. It gets especially bad when technical guys talk about law and juristic methodology. Demonstrated daily here on HN. [1] BTW, linguistics is descriptive, not prescriptive. You immediately disqualify yourself from any linguistic discussion when you claim that native speakers are in error. > Reasonably foreseeable outcome. In German law that's even intent. The weakest form of intent, and not always easy to distinguish from wanton negligence, but still. The difference is probably that in your case you're showing self-produced evidence that you can easily and arbitrarily create, while in the case of physical shipment another party confirms the shipment. I passed the last course and cannot recommend it enough. I'd love to know the answer to the last week's programming problems, though. I only got part of it. Luckily, criminals (and innocents) don't get to dictate the process and legal rules of criminal investigations (and extraditions). We call it rule of law. You may have heard of it. I do not see where I actually commented on the merits of the case or the extradition request. Maybe you can enlighten all of us? Encrypt your content with AES-128 with a random (from /dev/random) key; write the key down as 32 hexadecimal digits. Nobody is going to break it, ever. Don't you advocate the use of urandom, or is there a subtlety I haven't got yet? Over the last days I've been looking into the whole "never use urandom for crypto" meme that permeates practically every Linux and general tech message board (and that I had believed for years). And I've come away with the conclusion that not trusting AES (or another modern block cipher) to be "good enough" for the CSPRNG, but using the output for... AES (or another modern block cipher) is quite comical. Germany's best-selling PC magazine c't periodically distributes "Bankix" on their CD. It's a Linux live system (with permanent storage on a USB stick) geared specifically towards online banking. I believe that quite a few people actually use it. Of course the hardware is the same, but you get a clean single purpose software system. Gutmann's cryptlib, as well, I guess. Someone would probably notice, checking the DVD against a checksum. Repackaging it seems to be tricky, since the paper inlay is bound in the magazine, it's not just stuck on the cover or whatever. You tear it out at a perforation, leaving part of the DVD cover inside. There are much more exposed attack vectors on online banking users, I would think. And you can always just download the ISO and check it against the hash (and the PGP key). But he is putting innocents at risk. That's why in my jurisdiction you can get fined up to 2000 Euros for that (a realistic amount is a low double-digit amount -- if nothing further happens, of course). If one of those ciphers is completely broken, so that can be decrypted as easily as ROT13, correct? Actually my impression is that many many user space programs use /dev/random, even for short term keys and nonces and stuff, just because they have learned by "more experienced Linux users" that /dev/urandom is not secure. Just look at all those "OpenSSL hangs on my server" bug reports and forum posts. And the man pages are better today than they used to be, but they still don't forcefully dispel that myth. I really would love to see FreeBSDs /dev/urandom behavior on Linux, i.e. "block once at system start". Yes, you need some kind of entropy estimator for that. I know, you're enraged, but truthfulness is still not optional. The defendant did not "make the law available for free", he (allegedly) distributed a copyrighted standards text. Which is not law. At all. And no, it is not incorporated into law, either. Despite what some people usually claim. (There are a few DIN standards that are actually incorporated, but I've never come across those, I think they are used in some building construction code or whatever). I know, I also think it's bad that there is no way to read and use standards freely (or cheaply), but the headline is totally misleading. Look, I know, EU "law" is difficult. I happen to have a little bit of knowledge about that, because I work on safety-related systems in industrial automation, where the same legal mechanisms apply (although "my" directive is 2006/42/EG, not Directive 2001/95/EC). Legally it works like this: 1. The EU issues a directive. Directives are not directly binding (some gray areas have developed over the years) and must be implemented by national legislatures into national law. The directive is the base line, national legislators may go above and beyond what the directive calls for. 2. In Germany we have implemented this directive (as well as "my directive", that's why I claim to have some knowledge about this issue, as well) in the "Produktsicherheitsgesetz" (Product Safety Act). You can find a translation here: http://www.bmas.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/PDF-Meldungen/pro... 3. The law enables quite a few ministers to issue regulations that deal with specific things (in my example: the Ninth Regulation deals with machinery safety). Those regulations usually refer back to the EU Directive, incorporating it partly. For example, in the Ninth you can see ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gsgv_9/__3.html ) that some requirements are basically just worded as "must meet requirements A, B and C from 2006/42/EG" or "must provide documentation as per Annex I of 2006/42/EG)". 4. Law and Regulations must be obeyed. Not some "EU law". This law. And only this law. The key insight is: how you fulfill the requirements is up to you. Also, the burden of proof that you fulfilled those requirements is yours. 5. Because those requirements are rather vague and abstract, and this burden of proof is not easily met, the law provides for some "convenience avenue" (well, and because that's the idea behind the EU's "New Approach"): You may demonstrate that you meet the requirements of certain applicable standards. If you do this (and you still have the burden of proof here!), you are automatically assumed to be in compliance with the law and the regulations. That's the so-called assumption of conformity. 6. That's where your linked table comes in: those are standards that are "harmonized under the Directive". If you find a standard that's (partly) applicable (you may not use a nuclear reactor standard to claim conformance of your children's toys...) on that list, you may shift your burden of proof from the law and the regulations to the standard (as far as it's applicable). 7. So far it doesn't sound very exciting. You just swapped one set of requirements where you bear the burden of proof with another set of requirements where you also bear the burden of proof. The thing is, those standards are tailored to your field, so they are much more practical and manageable. And the real kicker is this: you can get certification by TÜV, BG and other "notified bodies" provided for by EU law, that you met the requirements of the standard. You probably won't get TÜV or BG to certify that you met the requirements of the law itself. 8. Okay, but isn't that "incorporation"? No, it's not. Not legally. And not practically. First, remember: you have to follow the German law. Not some Directive. The latter isn't directly binding to anyone, except the national states insofar, as they are required to implemented it. The decision which standards are "harmonized" and thus invoke this assumption of conformity lies with EU organs, not national organs. So there is a real division of authority there. And, most important: you're always free to disregard any and all harmonized standards. If you feel good about meeting the requirements of the national law and regulations without the help of harmonized standards (and in some fields you mostly have to do that anyway, because no really applicable harmonized standards exist), you're free to do so. Emphatically no. First, the Directive itself is not the issue here, the harmonized standards are. Please don't mix it up. Nobody would sue for copying the text of the Directive. And second, it's really, really important to understand that only the national law must be followed and that it is not identical to the Directive. I know it sounds like nitpicking, but this difference is important. Not in the day-to-day development work (because you use Directive and standards as references, but mostly your company-internal process). But as soon as you're dicussing legal matters, it's important. [edited: fixed typo] Ask those who work in fields that don't have a harmonized standard at their disposal. Doesn't change your argument (I think), but please note that the standards in question are neither "US" nor "EU". They are International Standards (ISO, IEC) that just get reprinted (and translated) with different front matter by ANSI, DIN, BS and whatnot. The law references the standard(s), but only as optional. See the link to the English translation of the Product Safety Act that I posted in another comment. Article 4 is relevant. It's not exactly a monopoly You can buy it from ANSI or BSI, as well. If you don't insist on the German language version (even then, the Austrians probably have another version). Remember those C and C++ PDF standards, that ANSI sold for $18, later $30, despite the competition selling for two hundred or whatever? But sure, it's not a really competitive market. Many of those "problems" really don't seem to exist in Germany. I guess part of it stems from the common law system, but I'm not sure. That happens when you publicly shame and demonize your core contributors. Joyent has royally fucked up there, and if I was buying services from them, I'd have stopped now. They didn't have to like his opinions, but this could have been handled much more amicably (maybe some "agree to disagree" and "we overrule you on this specific issue, no hard feelings"). Instead they chose the nuclear option, not only publicly blogging about how wrong they think Ben was, but actually fantasizing about firing him. This is what happens when you're flat-out denying the Holocaust here in Germany. But for standing on the "wrong side" of how to handle gernder pronouns? Please... Why should he? He actually recommends to write passwords down on paper. And for most attack scenarios for the private user, "a logbook on the desk next to the computer" isn't a big difference to "little bits of paper in the wallet". I always have to remember myself that it's Gauck now. Pity that Köhler resigned. He was a good guy, but no real politician. All in all we've been lucky with our presidents. Von Weizsäcker, Rau, Herzog, all of them good people. I'm still not sure about Gauck, he seems very secluded and withdrawn to me. German Usenet was and still is (in)famous for demanding real names. In the late nineties and early 00s there ware huge wars between those who campaigned for pseudonyms (usually labelled "net terrorists", although honestly most of them really were trolls) and those who insisted on real names (labelled as "Blockwart": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockleiter ). Of course it's immaterial now. Most of the "net terrorists" left, many of the "blockwarts" mellowed, and in the end Usenet is dead and both sides tolerate much more than they used to, just happy to see a few more postings. Meeting a sysadmin of your mail provider at some real-life net gathering, wearing the "I read your mail" shirt really was a bit unsettling... I'm sorry, but this meme is flat-out wrong. /dev/urandom gives the exact same quality randomness as /dev/random (let's ignore the issue of boot-time and VM cloning for now). There is a slight twist to it, where for information-theoretically secure algorithms /dev/random would be preferable, but you don't need that. Because you don't use those algorithms (the only one really worth mentioning is Shamir's secret sharing scheme). I'm just amazed how people don't trust the cryptographic building blocks inside a modern CSPRNG, but then use the very same building blocks to use the randomness and encrypt their secrets. Good points. First, I'm not saying that cryptographic randomness can be created out of thin air, without entropy, I just argue that you don't need n bits of real entropy to get n bits of high-quality randomness. I mean if you really needed 4096 bits of random seed to generate 4096 bits on randomness, why not just take the 4096 bits you waste on the seed as randomness? Of course you need a random seed. That's what i was alluding to with the boot-time or VM remark. But you're not really interested in lots and lots of potential output sequences, one of them is enough. Remember, the first requirement of a block cipher is that it is indistinguishable (to a computational polynomial bound) from a random distribution. The real counter-argument is the state attack. And that's mitigated by a modern RNG's design. Fortuna, for example, constantly mixes incoming entropy into outputs that occur far in the future (technically, it reseeds every now and then, but without estimating entropy). This does not protect you from a total state compromise, a computer is deterministic, after all, but it's quite hard to argue with a straight face that such a total compromise matters, because everything you might want to use the randomness for would most certainly be quite as compromised, as well. So why take that (probably insignificant) risk? Because the alternative is worse. If you want to have Linux's current /dev/random behavior, you have two things: First, it blocks when there's not enough entropy in the pool. That's bad. Just google for "sshd hangs". Either your system doesn't work anymore, or people find creative ways to subterfuge all the crypto stuff to make it work again. Just for the far-fetched fear about this total state compromise? Second, how much entropy do you have? Lots and lots has been written about it, but despite all this technobabble ("'entropy', there must be hard physics behind it"), estimating entropy is not really an exact science. More guesswork. So you never know how much entropy you really have. That's why Fortuna got rid of all that estimating that its predecessor Yarrow still did. Yeah, I see it the same way. but at least you can put forward a highly theoretic argument there that just doesn't work with all the crypto algorithms we actually use. Especially since: what are you doing with ssss? Usually splitting a private key to a non-information-theoretically secure block cipher, I guess. So you're back to square one. I phrased that part poorly. I think you're right. I probably channeled him inadvertently. I've collected lots of links to articles and man pages and so on about the issue, because I have been planning to write a coherent article about urandom vs. random. And I'm pretty sure I remember what posting you mean. Unfortunately, writing this article gets postponed again and again, just as finishing and sending in the second set of your crypto challenges... maybe before Christmas I'm going to find a few hours to do that. No, the court did not rule anything (although it probably will). The Advocate General at the court entered his plea, which the court usually follows. If you accept the premise of an efficient market (as most index investors probably do), then Fidelity's argument is bullshit. They say index funds have to follow the index, and -- in this concrete example -- buy Facebook, because it's going to be included in the S&P500. That's true. Unfortunately S&P management did not whisper this little piece of insider's information into Fidelity's ear. It's public knowledge. And so other actors besides index funds have already tried to exploit that nugget of information. Just as Fidelity is doing. So it's already been priced in. The hypothesis of an efficient market does not assume that all actors in the market are actively exploiting every bit of information, just enough of them to move prices to their "fair" points. If you don't accept the premise of an efficient market, then index funds don't interest you much and you have other strategies to follow. The worst I have seen was at a former employer. We had two people with the name "John Doe", and the mail scheme at the company resulted in john.doe@company.invalid. The second one got... john.doe1@company.invalid People have names. I find that digit in the mail address that clearly consists of a name deeply degrading. There are other ways to solve collisions: j.doe@, j_doe@, maybew one of those has a second given name, whatever. I think it's important to regularly point these issues out, because even though many of "us" intellectually know about them, it's still hard to emotionally grasp for "us", how ID cards could be a slippery slope, why freedom of speech should trump everything else, no matter what, or why home schooling should be allowed at all. Cultures differ wildly, and it's hard to really accept that the other guy might have a valid point of view. You usually register at the town's "citizen's office", where you can also pay for your garbage disposal, get parking passes, apply for your driver's license, have the lost+found, and so on. Registering at the police station is something from the sixties or seventies, I think. "Police" back then had a lot more duties that are now located in other administrative offices. But "police" is a complicated term in Germany, anyway. Legally it's not just "the guys who chase criminals". Elsewhere it's even stranger: To me "Polizei" sounds like a friendly civilian force for order, while "Miliz" sounds paramilitary and dangerous. To Russians it seems to be different. But that whole argument depends on the status quo in the US: many poor don't have ID cards already. If you shift your view to the situation in other countries, it's easily answered: (almost) everyone has an ID card, so it cannot be used to disenfranchise minorities. Issue ID cards to everyone and your problem should go away. No, I'm pretty certain I won't see such a change, and since I'm not American, nor do I live in America, my interest in that is very limited. And again the old meme that /dev/urandom is bad... How do they recognize you as an alien? At the border, sure, but inside the country? Yes, it seems normal to me, unless it happens regularly. I am now 32 years old. I have been in a police stop when driving my car only twice (and one of those was a mistake, I thought they wanted me to stop, but they actually meant another car). I have never been controlled or ID checked by the police in any way when not travelling by car. Exceptions are border controls, of course. And private entities wishing to check my age: discos, liquor stores and so on. On another note: I'm really tired about all this attitude we get from Americans regarding Nazi symbols and free speech. Maybe take a minute to contemplate why we have those laws? "Because of Holocaust" is correct, but not what I'm getting at. We have those, because Americans (together with the other Allied Powers) forced us to after the war. Unfortunately Americans have this tendency to think that their system is the very best and can't imagine why anyone could or should have another system, despite the fact that everywhere they were involved in nation-building they actively promoted other systems. My thinking was: how do they single you out? But I guess it was speaking English without an awful accent. :-) Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany ( http://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/2plusfour8994e.htm ): "Welcoming the fact that the German people, freely exercising their right of self-determination, have expressed their will to bring about the unity of Germany as a state so that they will be able to serve the peace of the world as an equal and sovereign partner in a united Europe;" "(1) The French Republic, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America hereby terminate their rights and responsibilities relating to Berlin and to Germany as a whole. As a result, the corresponding, related quadripartite agreements, decisions and practices are terminated and all related Four Power institutions are dissolved." "(2) The United Germany shall have accordingly full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs." Sorry to insert fact... That's exactly the wrong advice. You should always use /dev/urandom on Linux for cryptographic use, unless you know exactly why you need /dev/random. Hint: you don't. (On FreeBSD it doesn't matter because it's all the same) I've been meaning to write up a coherent summary of that issue with all kinds of sources forever now, and I should really get around to just doing it, because this comes up every few weeks on HN. In safety-related system you usually don't try to correct bit flips (at least in my niche), but you've got lots and lots of mechanisms ensuring that bit flips are discovered. Even more, hardware faults like stuck-at bits and so on need to be discovered, as well. The downside is that all those checks are slow . I had downloaded RedPhone and TextSecure. My contact list was a glorious zero people (everyone I know uses WhatsApp). A few months ago I thought about using Threema and the like, but realized nobody's gonna switch with me. So I stayed. Didn't even try to convince anyone. The day after FB bought WA my non-tech, not-concerned-about-NSA friends started to switch to Threema. On their own. Because Facebook. Heck, they were even discussing all that on Facebook, as far as I know... that's irony. So now most people I regularly chat with are on Threema. And while I don't trust them (especially their competence -- although using NaCL is a good start) nearly as much as I trust Moxie, this issue is closed now. Nobody is going to move again without a very good reason. The two people I regularly chat with still on WA can't use Threema, because they are still on Android 2.3. But Threema really needs multi-device IDs. And the ability to change a group's composition. Other than that it's cool. You feel right at home, the emoticons look the same (from the same lib, I guess). And this whole "scan the other guy's public key" is not just a good idea, it's even close to gamification ("only two more people until everyone's green!"). And that's why I don't believe in some meaningful market share for Whispersystems. They are virtually unknown in non-tech circles. They still don't have an iOS app. Yes, I know, there were more important things up to now. Still, the window of opportunity is closing. In three weeks no "normal" person is going to switch messaging service anymore. Everyone either stays at WhatsApp, or has already agreed with their whole circle of friends on another service. Nobody I know has TextSecure installed. Of course I can still send unencrypted text messages. Are you trolling me? Schneier plays enigmatic... but what exactly does he not like about the "xkcd scheme". I mean, it's basically Diceware, isn't it? You are right, 'belorn, that's an important point. This really only comes up in VM settings and some small embedded systems, I think. I have made a mental note to see if I can find a way to make this section a bit more prominent. In which way are those platform guarantees? Honest question, I don't understand where you're getting at. This is basically a response to the widespread conception that /dev/random has some mechanism whereby it generates "true" random numbers, while /dev/urandom only uses some lowly PRNG. The idea that a lot of people get from that is that urandom is not much better than Mersenne twister, while /dev/random is the real thing. And yes, you're right, the argument is precisely "computational security is good enough". By the way, /dev/urandom is also self-healing. Which other advantages of /dev/random might be there, apart from the cold boot case? That's one thing. The other one is that after rewinding you've got the identical internal state of the CSPRNG. So you're possibly reusing the same random numbers (or closely related ones) as before. Of course, after a short while the rewinded VM diverges. It's another flavor of the cold boot case, really. Thanks for laying out your thoughts, but obviously I disagree. Let me rebut two points that kind of irk me: You claim that the Android problem that bit several Bitcoin wallets was due to java.security.SecureRandom using /dev/urandom. That is mistaken, as the blog posting you gave clearly shows: "Developers who use JCA for key generation, signing or random number generation should update their applications to explicitly initialize the PRNG with entropy from /dev/urandom or /dev/random." So, in their opinion, /dev/urandom is fine. Furthermore you claim that I've taken quotes out of context. I was aware that there is the danger of misunderstanding these people's point of view, so I emailed all three of them, right when I put this web page up some days ago, specifically asking them if they felt that I might be misrepresenting them or if they are otherwise unhappy about me using their names. Of those three two replied (both very quickly). Daniel Bernstein replied very shortly with "Seems reasonable.", but noted that he disagrees with the "more entropy cannot hurt" point. That's why I added the little sidebar with a link to his blog posting. Thomas Pornin seems to have taken the time to really read the article, he wrote "That's a fine page. I like it.", noted a mistake in the boot scripts section (that I have fixed) and suggested some additional points to discuss (which I did not put on the page). Off-topic remark: All in all I was really fascinated how easy it is to get in touch with those highly-respected people, and how respectful they treat "us normals". :-) Yes, that's why I gave the example of MT. People really believe that /dev/urandom belongs to that class of RNG. It's an informal way to put it, but yes, it boils down to that. It's almost the definition of a block cipher. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudorandom_permutation I never understood why Mozilla always talked about how great the future was going to be, when Persona would be part of web browsers. But then never implemented it in Firefox, even as a default-off optional feature. It looked very half-hearted, and that was a really bad signal to the world. Yes, without any Javascript, real native chrome. It's hard to please everyone. http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/1zt76a/myths_about_de... Thanks! No, I wrote specifically in the beginning that I'm talking about Linux. No. /dev/random does not deliver "new entropy", it delivers the very same cryptographically good pseudorandom stream. Look at the sketches in the article. Totally unlike the books you named, but the best "intelligent investment" advice is probably in Bogle's "Common Sense on Mutual Funds" and similar books. I know I haven't submitted in forever (and may have been removed of the set of active participants), but I got your New Year's bankruptcy mail, but never the "bonus set". Is that still part of the backlog? I'd be more interested in the safety of those electromechanical components. Have you developed them under any applicable safety standards? Otherwise I'd prefer to stay a purely organic organism. 0.9, I guess. At some point (shortly after the 0.9 release?) one of the first examples stopped working with a then-current git build, so I stopped reading it and concentrated on the official tutorial more. Again Crypto I with no Crypto II in sight... :-( That's false. Only the "law is invalid" part carries the force of law. The second part is just obiter dictum. Look at http://www.bverfg.de/entscheidungen/rs20100302_1bvr025608.ht... The four bold points after "Urteil" and before "Gründe" are the legal holding. The rest is just explaining the holding. Not even the "Leitsätze" on top are binding in any way. But with those, at least, you can argue that the court indicated pretty clearly that it considers those sentences important, making speculation about future verdicts at least a little bit fruitful. Isn't that a bit like Opportunistic Encryption (which I happen to consider a neat idea)? Or do I misunderstand that? I'm asking, because I dimly remember you not being a fan of OE -- have I confused you with someone else there? Yeah, that's what I meant (and couldn't properly articulate). So the difference is the reporting mechanism, that allows a powerful organisation to make meaningful threats to protect others? Because in [Garfinkel 2003] it's similar: returning users get a big, fat warning, but they can't meaningfully do anything about it on their own, except not trust the other side. ( http://simson.net/clips/academic/2003.DGO.GarfinkelCrypto.pd... ) Yes, I think so. I find that fascinating, because people usually assume that (a) natural language must be context-sensitive, because of ambiguities and all those misunderstandings in real world, where they forget that those aren't syntactic, but semantic or pragmatic issues, and (b) natural language must be at least context-sensitive, probably more, because look at how restricting context-freeness is (e.g. when it comes to programming languages). It isn't compromised. You yourself handed out your private key to others who may act on your behalf. Not by mistake, not by Heartbleed, not by some hacking event, but out of your clear will and as part of your policy how to handle the key. In terms of your business transaction with StartSSL, the private key is still only known to "you". Reasonable doubt is the standard for burden of proof in criminal cases, not in civil cases. So in your opinion the one who actually buys and gets the certificate from the StartSSL web site must not share it with the system administrator? Or some second-in-command? IMO, as long as the key is only known to people who the rightful owner explicitly wanted it to possess, it is not compromised. This is just an extreme case of a troll wanting the whole world to have the key. It has nothing to do with Heartbleed! Posting your private key in a gist on the web is not the same as being victim to some hacking because of a OpenSSL bug. How does it compare to OCaml's time-travelling debugger? Is the feature set and the debugging experience basically the same? I would have liked to add a short better description in parentheses, but I guess this is frowned upon, isn't it? Patrick Walton (@pcwalton) for Rust and general Mozilla stuff. Russian with its truly phonetic alphabet is cool. I don't speak a word and felt quite lost in Moscow (Even in Moscow! English doesn't help! It took me twenty minutes to get out of the subway station, I always ended up at some other subway line... after that experience I quickly learned what "entry" and "exit" look like). But! Walking past a Lufthansa ad and just playfully trying to decipher the letters was fun! So I pronounced it, letter after letter, all separate, since I still needed to think about every letter, having just learned the cyrillic alphabet days earlier. Okay. But what could it mean? Let's pronounce it as a word. "Stewardess". I kid you not. I could actually read quite a few things. "McDonalds", "Subway", "Hemingway Bar". I felt like the king of the world. :-) It drives me mad with Swedish. Some of those fricatives... I definitely hear something else than my (Swedish) teacher. I actually put together an MP3 with sounds from Swedish pop songs and told her "look it all sounds like German 'sch', not like 'ch'". She disagreed. There's no question, it is definitely more 'ch'... In the end you both are going to mumble both Russian and English... What about this from the libsodium web site? "NaCl ships with constructions that were just prototypes, and that shouldn’t be used any more." What does "shouldn't be used any more" mean? Certainly not security, or djb would have released an update. Compatibility with other products? Something else? PBKDF2 is an older KDF that is probably a bit less secure (especially in the light of FPGAs), but well-known and standardized. It's perfectly okay. So basically the blog post seems to me to claim this: Ms. Horvath was right with her allegations about a founder and his wife, unbelievable as that wife story sounded at first. She flat-out lied about the engineer who sabotaged her because she wouldn't sleep with him. And she lied about not being contacted or interviewed in the course of the investigation. The truth of all this is undecidable by the public, of course. This drama can go on virtually forever, unless it is settled in court. Maybe it's best to detach oneself emotionally from it. It's impossible to choose sides. I don't want to be rude, and I'm certainly neither a designer nor a real typographer, but IMO this looks awful. First decide on a good page area. The margins are much too small. Regarding whitespace: you need more. Much more. Especially between the two columns. Everything is flowing into each other. Look at "Over 1000 lines" and the next line, for example. You probably need to cut quite some of the information presented. That's okay. I don't understand which criteria underlie the categories' sorting. "Education" and "Coursework" is interrupted by "Links". I think those category headers should stand out more, but the problem may well be too few whitespace. Again. Basically you really have to go looking for information, nothing is really standing out and guiding you to what you'd like to see. Is "%ile" common? It looks a bit gimmicky, but I'm not sure about English microtypographic usage there. But it is probably still way better than most CVs. Yes, and this CV fails at being "easy to read" and "easy to find". Typography is not primarily about "being pretty". It's about supporting the act of reading. Well, typography at least has the claim to being somewhat objective, but as I said: you've probably seen much worse. I don't get the title. The title tells me I don't want XTS. Then the post explains that I don't want FDE, for sundry reasons. Then it tells me, sure, go ahead and use FDE, but be aware of the limitations. At that point it looks like I want XTS, after all. Then it shows how XTS works and where cryptographers are seeing problems. And then... well, there is no "then". The recommendations don't deal with FDE at all. I think the post would be much stronger, if it either had some alternative mode to present or (I'd be more interested in that) it showed other ways to achieve what people usually try to achieve with FDE. And usability is a big one there. Bitlocker is huge. FileVault is huge. People can actually use it. An aside: Has anyone ever seriously used XTS mode for anything but FDE? I've only encountered it in Truecrypt and the part of Boneh's Crypto I where he's talking about FDE. But that doesn't mean much, I admit. Okay, so I seem to have gotten the gist of it. Still, I want XTS. :-) Every developer is a potential crypto designer. Alas, quite a few of them turn out to actually design crypto. Not everyone is reading HN. ;-) Suffice it to say that the author is mistaken when he claims that "The former is pretty much raw entropy, while the latter is the output of a CSPRNG function" /dev/random ist not "pretty much raw entropy", it is the exact same output of the kernel's CSPRNG as /dev/urandom is giving out. See http://www.2uo.de/myths-about-urandom/#structure If you're ever near Sindelfingen (Germany), take a look at the buses at shift changes. More than twenty bus companies are shuttling workers to and from the factory. And it's no big deal. Of course you curse them when you happen to be in traffic right behind several of those, but they evoke no hatred in the populace, but even some kind of pride. But, of course, there's not much jealousy involved when it comes to Daimler. Everyone knows someone working there. And the workers there don't generally carry the stigma of being filthy rich. Google is more elite, I guess. But the problem is certainly not the buses or the traffic per se. Submit interesting stories. That's probably the easiest way. Karma from comments seems harder to me. When you comment, try to add value to the discussion. That often means (but not necessarily, of course) that you shouldn't just write a pithy one-liner, but actually flesh out a train of thought. Of course, I'm very low-karma myself, so I might be mistaken. > How an individual’s reputation is protected online is too important and subtle a policy matter to be legislated by a high court [...] Yeah, right. That's why the "right to be forgotten" wasn't just invented by the court. It was passed by the Council and the Parliament in a European Directive. The court just ruled on how exactly this Directive was applicable to the concrete case. Just like every High Court in about every country does. If you don't like the verdict, that's fine. It opens questions and problems. But don't try to frame it as an activist court trying to legislate on its own. That's exactly how I'm doing it. At the very bottom, just before the backlink to the home page, I have (in a smaller font size) something like "Original publication on March 2nd, 2014, last changed on March 16th, 2014". I don't have anything to hide, so it's there, but I don't see any real value in it for the reader. So I effectively buried it. Sad to hear this. I got into some ugly argument right on the very first try at participating in a discussion on the site, wasn't really impressed by how the mods handled it (although the one I PM'd was actually quite okay), and never really gave it another try. I always felt like I'm really missing out and this was probably all just bad luck and a bad combination of personalities in this specific comment thread, but whenever I went back to the site those memories kind of killed the fun for me and I never commented again. sigh People also say this about the SA forums. I paid for it (and some extras), enjoyed what I read in the archive -- there are some real pearls! -- but I have no idea how I could fit in there. So I'm just a lurker, but I'm still happy I found the site. That feels weird. I only check a book's date when I'm trying to find out which edition I'm holding in my hands. It happens about once or twice times a year that I want to know that (admittedly more often in the last year since I was citing books in an academic setting). Otherwise some imprecise idea about the publication date (Which decade? Possibly even less granular) might be interesting, but it's usually obvious from the layout, typesetting and so on. I've really never wanted to know if a book was printed in 2008 or 2011, just to put the content into context. The encyclopaedia usually has its date prominently displayed on the cover because it's part of the business model: Nudging people into upgrading last year's edition because it's "hopelessly out of date". tom's Hardware is a bit like that: "System Builder Marathon Q4 2013", "System Builder Marathon, Q1 2014" > tutorials for say, a recent version of backbone.js I would hope that backbone.js releases carry version numbers. As a developer I usually know the versions of the tools I'm working with. But I might not know (and often don't) when exactly they were released. I do understand where this no spec movement is coming from, but I have lots of problems with that. First, it's like the big players (and the opinion leaders) are telling the small ones how to behave. I'm reading a bit in a designer's forum, especially the parts about work and jobs, and the situation for "normal designers" is dismal. Everytime I've visited that forum I'm happy I'm working in tech. Really. So most small firms and single person freelancers don't have a choice. They really don't. Of course it's easy for EdenSpiekermann to reject such spec work. They are booked. Others aren't. Second, speaking of Spiekermann, he's strictly on the no spec side. And his old company, FontShop, is as well. If you're reading (German) discussions on the Fontblog, you'll learn that spec workj is disgusting and you're traitor to your fellow designers if you do that. No exceptions! Spec work for a charity that cannot pay a dime anyway is the same. Never! Well... unless Spiekermann is on the jury himself. Like for some design competition somehow affiliated with the United Nations. Then it's all okay, because, hey UN! And this hypocrisy is pervasive. Mathematica or Maple worksheets, maybe? I haven't really used either, but they seem to go a bit in that direction. Although they are strictly sequential, I guess, so maybe not. My experience with bug reports to Knuth were mixed, although number one obviously was most important to me. I got $2.56 for an error in content in one of his books. Actually the very first word in the very first sentence on the very first page (well, Arabic 1) was wrong. At least nobody can claim that he didn't get that far! I got another $0.32 for a bug report which he actually demonstrated to be invalid, though he counted it as some kind of input or improvement. Oh, and he threw in a T-Shirt with the MMIX instruction set! The third bug report was turned down without explanation (I think he actually replied "sorry, but no cigar"). The fourth bug report was also turned down and I even felt a bit insulted: his MMIX book says on the back cover that all programs are in the public domain, even though they all carry copyright notices with restrictions. Knuth accused me quite harshly (IMO) to be some kind of Stallman fan talking nonsense about licenses and did not acknowledge the bug. That's probably the guy he mentioned in another interview: the one who's cashing one cheque every year . I guess he had a bad day or whatever. Or maybe I read too much into what he wrote. This may be a stupid question, but why is there a convention to split? I saw that in set three of the crypto challenge, as well, and wondered. Is it so that you can always start counting at zero when re-starting the application, as long as you're randomly picking a new nonce? And if you just picked a random counter value at each restart you might get very unlucky and at some point reuse a counter value, so by this convention you're separating counter values belonging to different restarts? I love Matthew Butterick's Equity Text and use that together with his Concourse (which I'm slightly less enthused about, but they were designed to fit together). "Last Call". See http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/help/state/draft-iesg/ Maybe if you personally go bankrupt. If your startup company goes bankrupt, I highly doubt it. Is that real? Is the web page just defaced? Turning on Bitlocker has been on my TODO list for quite some time now, but to me the real value of Truecrypt wasn't full disk encryption, it was having encrypted volumes and mounting them on a as-needed basis. And how do I handle sensitive stuff wrt backups? I could burn a Truecrypt volume to a DVD or Blu-ray. I cannot do this in any way with Bitlocker, can I? Certainly possible, although this from the audit web page doesn't sound like that would be a big problem: "Wed, Oct 24, 2013: We have made contact with the TrueCrypt development team. They have stated a commitment to a thorough, independent security audit and cryptanalysis of the code." I choose to believe Niels Ferguson when he says "Over my dead body.": http://blogs.msdn.com/b/si_team/archive/2006/03/02/542590.as... And the macro language is actually sane! I've read about "experimental partial MathJax support" or something like that in the changelog, but I haven't looked into it, yet. It's actually one of the big questions I'm having, as well. It already exists: world:command-marker How do you think about MathJax vs. pre-rendering formulae to images and using those, with the TeX input as the alt attribute? Oh, and using STIX or whatever as web font. I know that it's straightforward, I'd like to hear about pros and cons I haven't found myself. In university I actually tried to get into Ada, especially since I studied compilers with professor Ploedereder (great guy!) who was working on (and at some point chairing) the standardization in ISO. I loved the story about how the committee was in a seriously fight about whether Sunday or Monday should be the first member of the week enum. It just wasn't my thing, although I deeply admire the language. There has been fantastic new stuff in the 2005 and 2012 versions. Like the Ravenscar profile for embedded and safety-critical systems. And just like the "Young Lispers" did with Lisp, Ada had some sort of renaissance, where a lot of Ada stuff was going into Debian and young Open Source people dreamt of re-writing the Internet. :-) I think it was partly the tool chain that repulsed me. There is really only one compiler in existence if you're a hobbyist: GNAT. Nowadays Adacore are pretty open, having a big Open Source compiler download page and all, but back then, you could get GNAT, as shipped with GCC, or "big GNAT". GNAT, as shipped in GCC, was always at least one version behind, and since Adacore always hired everyone who got familiar with the GCC frontend, it was highly dependent on Adacore. So no "second source" where GCC maintainers could step up if Adacore ever left. The Ada frontend just was a second class citizen. "Big GNAT" was something everyone would have liked to use, but it was expensive . So that was out of the question. Well, I got it, as part of a special University cooperation program, but only after signing that I would only use it for the assigned coursework, that I would never distribute it to anyone etc. pp. Oh, and how did Adacore manage to keep it closed? I mean wasn't the predecessor, on which GNAT was based, GPL'ed? Yes, and "big GNAT" also was. Kind-of. Rumor has it that Adacore basically told all of their customers unofficially "sure, you're legally free to distribute it, it's GPL after all. Just don't be surprised if we don't pick up the phone for a few hours when you need support". As far as I know it never really leaked. For some time I was actively looking for some "big GNAT" archive on the net, but never found one. I'm thinking this might be nice: http://www.graf-von-faber-castell.com/perfect-pencil There is also a cheap plastic version by Faber Castell (not "Graf von"). It's time for a single man who speaks Latin fluently, knows how to cook, is able to talk at least superficially about philosophy and can even shut up every now and then to disrupt the Seattle dating scene! Maybe some VC can fund potential "interesting dates", in exchange for a few percent of the newlywed's house? Without knowing Swedish law, I'm rather certain he cannot. Personal bankruptcy is usually out of the question for debts arising from unlawful behaviour. You cannot evade damages or a penalty imposed by a court just by filing bankruptcy. Imagine a legal system where you could. Preposterous. If I were a three letter agency who illegally threatened some crypto developer with unsavory things, willing to send him to Guantanamo or to outright kill him (as some people on HN obviously can imagine very well)... I'd just shrug my shoulders after this highly conspicuous way of shutting down the project and think "well played, Mr. Developer, no hard feelings". Of course. It's a warrant canary, it's a warrant canary! By now we have all realized that yes, Swift is indead a Turing-complete language and has even got bindings to Apple's own APIs. Since Commander Keen is still sold (on Steam), I'd be very careful with that statement. Great! I can't wait for CentOS. Well, I have to. :-) The "EU court"? What do you mean? The European Commission? > It's like someone saying "Mehh I don't like calculus ... why don't these mathematicians make it just easier? Actually, modern textbooks do exactly that: they try to find pedagogically better ways to teach this stuff. And sometimes newer developments really simplify things. All that apart from the simple fact that mathematics and the user interface and user interaction are not even in the same ballpark. Your comment seems a bit lazy to me. Just not in a way you expected to. Your server is co-located with other customers' servers. No, Mitstörerhaftung is a purely civil concept that does not -- and could never -- extend to criminal law. In Germany the "rich" private schools are almost exclusively business schools. So it's only an option for you, if you're a professor of economics or finance, not if you're a physicist or a philosopher. Well, I think there is one highly esteemed journalism school (not a university, but run by large media companies) and a pretty good law school. (Interestingly enough all those "rich" private business schools here fail after a few years because they run out of money -- not without taking quite a bit of taxpayer's money trying to save them.) Probably because those 3% are homogeneous, while the 9% decompose into lots and lots of categories, all with specific needs, and all much smaller than 9%. So basically you used a service that costs money, you didn't pay any, and now you're peeved that they'd actually like to collect? > They could have dropped any other amount they wanted They probably told you "the usual amount". Are there any grounds for suspicion that they are quoting you some outrageous price? I don't see what could qualify as "shady" here. And btw: from a very possible point of view they might think you didn't forget to read the small print, you deliberately tried to defraud them by acting as if you were non-commercial. They can't look inside your head. On the other hand, a minute may be enough to get the VIP out of the building or whatever place he's in, so that it's hard to know from the outside, where exactly to strike. The TFR buys you that minute, because you know that something's wrong. If it wasn't there, your time window would be zero. Of course, TFR violations seem to happen too often to really always evacuate the VIP whenever someone enters without authorization. It hasn't been the last, oh... four times or so? Also, the Royal Society of Chemistry: http://www.rsc.org/pdf/pressoffice/2003/tea.pdf I suppose there is a prescribed direction of stirring? I really liked the book (review in German: http://www.2uo.de/the-forever-war/ ), but the ending was a bit too unbelievable for me. Being an employee is no nightmare. That said, having been close to a bug payout sucks, but it's basically the same as standing at the roulette table "if I had only bet 28 black" when you missed your number by one. Agonizing over "close, but not quite, good luck" is human, but it leads nowhere. I played one game of Diplomacy by email. In preparation for that I read everything I found about (advanced) strategy, all the possibilities that are open to the different countries and so on. In the end I was probably the only English player who never managed to leave his island... After that I was so terribly frustrated that I never tried another game. They are few and far between, but this is a gem: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/28js8v/i_am_julian_ass... Yes, DrRacket is the best default choice. When in Stockholm, go visit the Vasa museum. It's absolutely breathtaking. Make sure to get a guided tour. You can read all the stuff on the displays and in books, but you probably won't. So you'd lose all those nice stories about how the German ambassador protested the ship, because the figurines on the front symbolized the Roman emperors, with the Swedish king at the very front. Preposterous! The emperor of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation is the rightful successor to the Roman emperors, after all! Pay attention to the fact that the Swedes weren't as stupid as people tend to assume. "Oh, they couldn't even build a ship that's floating!". Yeah well, it was a design no-one had attempted before (bigger, three masts, two rows of cannons), the math to calculate the behaviour wasn't available, yet. And best of all -- contemporary analysis shows that they almost made it. Had the ship been just a little bit wider (I don't know, something like 20 centimeters or so?), it would have been fine. Be amazed how the Swedes never just found a scapegoat to punish for the loss of their flagship. Or just admire the architecture of the museum. Whenever I'm in Stockholm I go there. It's inevitably a high point of my visits. Unfortunately they are so messed up, it isn't even funny. Honestly, my experiences with CAcert were awful. Pressuring people into signing legal contracts that are just laughably unfair was just one part of it. They may have been a likable organisation at the begininng (maybe with a penchant for over-the-top policy), but when they realized they wouldn't get into major browsers by default, they tried to get "serious", changing too much too fast and wrecking the whole thing. Without the big result they were hoping for. Me as well. The really big argument for me was: laypeople just expect the "www". Losing it means having to repeat and explain things. It's just not worth it. I have had people ask where the "www" went and what that means. The technical "solution" is only half the story. You break people's expectations, you get questions. Has anyone figured out yet which parts of a human can be compressed in a lossy way without anyone (especially yourself) noticing? I've recently defined and implemented a new backup scheme for my personal stuff, and ssss plays a role in it: Aside from my regular backups on Blu-ray (unencrypted), I've got two hard disks that hold the same data (and will be updated infrequently, once a year at most). This is my disaster fallback: house burning down, me awakening from a coma without remembering any passwords or whatever. Those hard disks are stored in the houses of two friends. And they are encrypted (BTW, that's not only for my peace of mind, but also for theirs: I wouldn't be comfortable holding personal information of my friends unencrypted). The password to the encryption is split into n parts, such that very close family and friends get more parts and more remote friends get fewer parts. But noone can recover it without cooperation of at least one other. Printed onto a sheet of paper, together with a clear description (including actual command line invocations) how those shares were generated and how they can be combined). Distributed to a lot of friends. That description is important and must be abundantly clear. Not necessarily to your grandma, but if she shows it to someone who knows at least a bit about computers, he must be able to make sense of it. At least they would need to seize from several people. And apart from that they can just seize my unencrypted home backup. Unencrypted, because I want to be able to restore the rest if a bit flips in some file. And my PAR3 tests were really unconvincing. It's a really neat idea, though I'm not a big fan of having it as a browser extension. Two observations: 1. Password strength is really, really important now, since it is deterministically transformed into your key pair. It's not like the passphrase for a GnuPG key where you'd have to steal the private key in the first place, in order to do something evil with the recovered weak passphrase. 2. There's another big caveat re: password. In most systems that we know it doesn't matter if you have a non-unique password, as long as it's not guessable. In this scheme your identity will be merged with everyone else who has thought of the same password. No, I meant having unreadable parts. Sorry, I'm thinking too much about flipping bits and soft errors at work... I cannot recommend the film "The Lives of Others" too highly. Go watch it. I'm certain that Swedish law does not use the term "rape", but some Swedish word. That may or may not have a slightly different meaning, or different connotations. Cool. I've never heard of them, but they are just a few kilometers away from me. Since cooking and foodstuff seems to be right on topic here at HN, can someone give me a short overview what the differences (practically drinking) between Darjeeling and Assam are? Beside the obvious geographical difference, of course. Thank you! Sure, you're the best in the world. Nobody else has any kind of Freedom of Information Act. And nobody else but freedom-loving Americans would ever dare to direct such a request towards his own intelligence service. Wait, three seconds of googling resulted in https://fragdenstaat.de/files/foi/2812/antwort.pdf And in Sweden, "Offentlighetsprincipen" is not only much older than the America FOIA (let's say... ten years older than your Declaration of Independence!), but even part of the country's constitution. I think passing around real objects instead of character strings is cool. It's less brittle, and you don't have to have an ad-hoc and flawed parser at every step. Let's just say that the attitude of IEC 61508 towards software development in general and programming languages in particular is not very spirit-lifting. At least us software guys have an advantage: the hardware guys will always have to live with failure rates. But the standard happily declares software to be bug-free, as long as you do the required testing and stuff. ;-) We do have SIGINT capabilities. I did my compulsary military service in one of those installations. Although what I experienced there was... laughable. That's the big guessing game everyone is playing here: is our intelligence community really as clueless and incapable as we Germans tend to assume? Or is that just a masterful deceit? The "main" development site for HTML5 is the WHATWG. That's where all the browser implementors convened when they lost faith in the W3C. The WHATWG doesn't bother with versions, there will be no HTML6, for example. They just continually update the HTML5 spec. It's a living spec. The W3C kind of tracks the WHATWG progress and tags certain points with version numbers (that's where the "5.1" comes from). Although they do some development on their own, and sometimes both sides disagree and the specs diverge. At some point WHATWG removed an element that W3C retained or the other way around. I have no idea if they still diverge. I just discard the W3C when it comes to HTML5 and follow WHATWG. Well, practically speaking, I follow what the Mozilla Development Network documents. :-) No, the girlfriend and family say it was suicide. I suppose in the American context with high costs of attending law school it's not very attractive. But I'd like to argue for going to law school in other countries where you don't incur massive debt: Engineers not only don't understand law at all, they actively avoid getting clued in. The sheer stupidness in knowing on the one hand that societal processes cannot work like a dumb flowchart, and on the other hand still arguing for stupid flowcharts and simple decisions in every societal context is mind-blowing. That is pretty much all of us. If you can get a solid foundation in law, you are on your best way to carve out a very rewarding niche, both financially and personally. Remember what 'tptacek always says: you're not making money knowing a tool. You're making money knowing a client's context and needs. The text on hilapeleg.io is nearly unreadable on Windows 7 with Firefox 30. The font is rendered strange, way too thin and uneven with gaps in the strokes. The link color is just as washed out as the very light grey of the body text. Maybe they could design their own site properly before re-designing HN? This article is an incredible string of bullshit. While there are aspects that are interesting and would have deserved some deeper treatment than just a throwaway sentence or two, most of the "arguments" are not even tenuous, but very transparent distractions. I think that's right, but in another way Wikipedia does keep the plebes out: When you defend a reverted change on the talk page all too often you get something along the lines "I don't care about this discussion, it was an IP anyway. Stay away!". Wikipedians often see "IPs" as vandals and don't even pretend to judge on the merits. Together with some "ownership" feeling that many Wikipedia users have regarding "their" pages, it makes for a very unproductive and frustrating experience for a casual would-be supporter. Unless you're willing to really commit to Wikipedia, learn all the jargon and be a part of the power games, Wikipedia is effectively read-only. As an "IP" you're mostly restricted to fixing typos. That's perfectly fine, but a stark contrast to how the project is painting itself. I'm a big fan of long, definitive plain text documents. Peter Gutmann's X.509 styleguide is another prime example. So much valuable information without any mental capacity wasted on bullshit like getting your collapsing margins to work like you expected them to work, and all this other web stuff. Right, this simple model is vulnerable. They are actually having a conversation in the comments about this. I just liked the way of explaining it to laypeople. Leaving all mathematics behind, taking a model that everyone understands (and yes, some commentators are missing the point, discussing how it is possible to un-mix colors). Sure. I hadn't come across this kind of explanation and didn't think of checking Wikipedia. I thought it was an original idea by the author. Do they keep the leadership? I'd love to see fresh blood there. Recently I was googling for NGLY1 references on German language web sites and found some very short thread in a child healthcare forum (or something similar) where some parent described their child, some other guy said it sounded a bit like your case and linked to your site, and the OP replied that it sounded similar indeed and they'd be in touch. I don't know if that was really one of the cases, but your web site sure has impact. Strang's book is superb. I'm switching back and forth between his videos and book. And I prefer the latter for content and using my hours efficiently. I prefer the videos for his laid-back style of delivering the lecture. Please, if you'd be interested in a math font by MB (and be willing to pay for it, of course), tell him! Maybe we can be a niche market. :-) Because the complexity of the game, emerging from such simple rules, is just stunning. Because you can make new friends, on- and offline. Because the handicap system ensures a fair and exciting game, even between players of wildly differing strength. Because lots of the Go problems you can find in books (or online) are much more fun than Sudoku. Because the social expectation that the opponents talk about and even partly replay the game and variations thereof (where the stronger player teaches the weaker player, but still learns a lot himself) is really, really great. Are ther other communities where this is widespread? I can tell you what's wrong with 35,798: it's less than fifty, even if you don't parse it that way. But as b6 said, some languages support grouping of digits, but they use another symbol, usually _. Ada would be an example. I don't know which Germany you're looking at, but there is significant anti-Putin sentiment and, correspondingly, newspaper stories and commentary calling for harsh measures against Russia. But it is somewhat tempered by the significant anti-American sentiment that we've been experiencing for a bit now. I never thought I'd see this, but it's much, much worse than when Rumsfeld talked about "old Europe" (although that was probably overblown in the European press, I don't think Americans ever understood how damaging that was). Luckily every few years one of the big TV stations is producing another emotional, uplifting "good American" film like http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Die_Luftbr%C3%BCcke_%E2%80%93_N... and in those times you still feel how close we are to the U.S. They are a rather big and rabid group on Germany. Another argument by them: sure, having your skull split open when falling and hitting the head on the pavement is bad, but it's really bad when you're falling and instead of a clean hit, your neck is subjected to particularly strong rotational forces due to the helmet enlarging your head, thus moving the point of impact outwards. They are a nasty bunch. I did: having your skull cracked open and your brain distributed on the pavement is certainly worse than having some strain put on your neck. Both can be lethal. The former is very much so, the latter usually not. No-helmet crowd claims the severity is the the other way around. It probably bugs me the way it does, because this "signal" has nothing to do with the contents or the usability of the web site (unlike speed, validity of HTML or, well, content itself), but is purely a "we just think you should do X" situation. After some interaction (including assuring people), my impression of CAcert is much more negative than my impression with any of those big bad CAs everyone likes to complain about. They are so far off this side of "sane" it's really not funny. I've been using Bing (and IE) for a few months now, after years of Google and Firefox. I'd guess about half of my searches go like this: * type into URL bar * get Bing result * after a quick glance: decide that result is useless * copy/paste into Google I'd love to use Bing almost exclusively (especially since I'm really happy with my Lumia 630), but it is really frustrating sometimes. > Only then will one have made a case for free will. That's why it's generally considered to be an open question. You, on the other hand, haven't nearly made a case against free will, but still act as if you had definitive proof. This is not a situation where the free will advocates have to prove it to you, and unless they can, you win. Why would we stop judging?