Let's hope prospective interns aren't grading potential internships based on whether the company's web server melts down an hour after a post on hacker news. :-) All I get is a 500 error. I edit text all day with a black background, often with green text (but not blindingly bright green), and that still makes my eyes hurt. I didn't make it past the 2nd paragraph. aka "15 Reasons Why Your Written English Sucks". I could barely parse half of the sentences. If you're going to spam Hacker News and try to sell help desk services, at least put some effort into grammar, spelling, and formatting (some points are bold, some aren't, etc.) No way you're going anywhere near my customers. At least "wayfarer" is a word. I worked at "Adapx". Don't feel bad, everyone except the employees pronounced it wrong. The fact that the marketing company that charged them for it wasn't laughed out of the room amuses me. The decision makers had to have asked, "how do you pronounce it?" And they wrote a check anyway. ("Adapts" or maybe "adaps" is the intended pronunciation, I'm still not exactly sure and I worked there.) > I can assure you that steel frames are not your friend Speaking as one who spent $3500 on a steel-framed commuting/winter training bike, I obviously disagree. Aluminum rides rough and carbon is just silly on a commuter. Though to give you the benefit of the doubt, you did mention " That said, I would encourage anyone to get a degree if you have the opportunity. Sure, you can learn stuff on your own, but directed learning can save you time down the road. And the paper can help sometimes. On the other, other hand during the times I was a hiring manager I never really cared much whether someone had a degree or not. Demonstrable experience and chops are worth more to me. Thanks for the link. I may use Phabricator just so I have an excuse to dig through the rest of the docs. :) Well, that and it looks like it could be quite useful. What about the brake pads? With regenerative braking, I expect the pads on my Nissan Leaf to last almost as long as the car. Whether the $600/year is a good price is irrelevant. The matter at hand is "pay us $600/year or we void your warranty". It's shady, for one, and of questionable legality given Magnuson-Moss. With the regenerative braking on the Nissan Leaf (what I own and can speak to with some authority), pressing the brake pedal does not mean the pads touch disk. What happens most of the time, and for most of the braking right up until the car comes to a stop, is that the electric motor is turned into an electric generator. I can watch the meter on the dashboard switch from sucking-juice-from-battery to dumping-juice-in when I hit the brakes. I also assume there are some large capacitors involved, as I can't imagine any battery likes having 30kW being dumped into it. As far as I can tell the only time pads touch disk are 1) emergency stops when the generator can't cause enough load to safely stop the vehicle 2) below about 10mph (not much load from the generator) and 3) the battery is fully charged and has no room for additional electrons. The transition from generator to pad-and-disk can be felt if one is looking for it. In summary, the vast majority of the braking on the Nissan Leaf appears to be done without the conventional brakes. I assume the Tesla works in a similar manner, hence my comment. EDIT: added a third reason for conventional brake use. What parent said is correct, categorically or not: regenerative braking does not use conventional pad-and-disk. It uses the electric motor to slow the car by turning the motor into a generator. The fact that a Nissan Leaf has pads and disks does not change this. Regenerative braking is not just a "hip, new (phrase)", it has an actual distinct meaning. That meaning is distinct from engine braking. I've driven manual transmissions all of my life, from motorcycles to large trucks, and to me regenerative braking and engine braking aren't even close to the same thing. As a side note, if your brakes can lock your tires at speed (and I don't know of a modern car that can't), then engine braking in an emergency isn't going to help as the tires are the weak link. Unless you're racing on the track every weekend, that sounds like a ridiculously short replacement interval. IIRC from my professional mechanic days, Mercedes puts some seriously thick pads on their brakes. I recall that they typically didn't get replaced until many miles had passed. As another commenter mentioned, I'd ask for the pads back. The rotors, OTOH, come out of the factory barely over spec to begin with (I imagine weight savings/fuel economy as one reason). Just a little bit of wear, and they're not worth turning on the lathe. (Ex-ASE-certified mechanic here, but IANAL.) Your typical recourse is to return to the shop and have them do the job again. Yes, the faster a shop turns out a job the more they make per hour. But if a car comes back, the money made on fast turnover gets lost quickly. So contrary to popular belief there is an incentive to do the job right. If the car comes back, they should work on it until it's right. Now what if the shop said, in your example, "too bad, we're not fixing the head gasket"? I'll start with saying that court is probably your next option. But I have two other things to add. First, a decent shop would replace the head gasket if they screwed up. Once in a while a shop just has to eat a big job due to a screw up. Second, though, is that it's sometimes hard to properly place blame. I don't know the details of your situation, so forgive me for assumptions, but head gaskets don't just blow the instant the overheat light comes on. Yeah, the shop may have screwed up, but that doesn't absolve the driver from pulling over when the light comes on. So who do we blame? Well, that's why you call a lawyer. :) I like how the first picture is of a Ferrari engine. I don't think high fuel mileage is Ferrari's main selling point, is it? :) The article (which I mostly just skimmed) seem to center on technological solutions. But since CAFE is a fleet average, I wonder if makers won't just throw an EV or two in their lineup. With an EPA rating of 99mpg or more for EVs, that ought to bring the average right up. I guess that means people still have to buy them, though. So they effectively reinvented the boneshaker[1] while forgetting why the highwheelers evolved (you're not going to go very fast on this thing). [1] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boneshaker_(bicycle)#section_... "Best response...ever"? I got bored two paragraphs in, I am confident that the recruiter didn't go past two sentences. When the hiring manager asks, the recruiter will just say, "he didn't accept the offer." That's not to say there isn't validity in what was said (just because it bores me doesn't make it lack value), but as a response to Google HR it isn't going to change anything. For me, the not-one-but-two "tip for a tiny belly" ads gave it away before I even got to Airlie's post. Right or wrong, those types of ads prejudice me against a site before I even get to the content. In this case the content did little to change my judgement. Palm got rebuffed because they masqueraded as an Apple product. The USB-IF understandably didn't like that. It won't be "harder for Apple to stop" Microsoft because Apple is unlikely to even try to do so. Apple has a documented method for accessing the iTunes library (RIM and others used it). Even if there were not an approved way to do it, the database is in XML so it should be relatively easy to work with it. Why Palm took the route they did mystifies me. So what will Apple do now, you ask? Nothing, more than likely. Maybe Y!, but ermm, Microsoft has a great web-mail product? Are you referring to something other than Hotmail? Because ads aside (bills have to get paid), I find Hotmail to be infuriatingly bad with its UI. Multiple lines of text-only toolbars (hard to find what I want), one text box to search the web and another to search mail (and I always get the web one when searching mail), and just too much non-mail crap on the screen. That said, HM does seem to have some nice features such as a decent spam filter (finally; it used to be laughable) and easy unsubscribe. But bury it under a poor UI and I just dread using it. Or maybe when you say "great web-mail" it's blindingly obvious to everyone but me that you're referring to something else, in which case ignore me. :) Wolf-Parkinson's, that's me. I was a highly-trained and mostly-healthy bike racer and would occasionally get a rapid, arythmic heart beat under certain conditions that would last for sometimes hours. Finally went in to get it checked, and when I asked "doesn't that result in sudden death in athletes?" He said if it hadn't killed me by now it probably wasn't going to. One heart ablation and it hasn't bothered me since. My rambling point is that, yeah, "perfect health" sometimes isn't. And a few pieces of heart tissue that grew just a little differently could have meant I'm not writing this despite being a life long endurance athlete. I can't say it's changed my outlook on life much, though. As an owner of a Nissan Leaf, I'll take a stab at it. First, Tesla makes nothing but electric cars. Contrast this to Nissan who also makes the gas-guzzling Armada ("like an entire fleet of SUVs coming at you!"). Tesla has an incentive to make them not suck, all the way from the experience of the car itself to the sales process to keeping it charged (the Supercharger infrastructure). The Leaf buying experience, OTOH, was one of the worst I've ever experienced. I'll spare the details for another time, but if I weren't a hard-core early adopter Nissan would have had an extra Leaf lying around. I love our Leaf, but Nissan did little to endear me to the company itself. From what I hear of Tesla, though, it sounds like their start-to-finish-to-living-with-it experience could turn me into a fanboy. Second, though I'm really happy with our Leaf it falls a bit short in some respects compared to the Jaguar we got rid of to make room for the Leaf. The Leaf is a really nice compact car, but it's still a gussied up Nissan Versa. The Tesla, OTOH, is a nice car, electric or not. If they hadn't already sold out with a miles-long waiting list, I probably would have put money down on a Model S. I can see one in the car-owning future of my wife and me. Last, with the range of the top models it could be an only car for a lot of folks. Our Leaf can do a day of driving around town or further, but then it's back home to get plugged in. I can't think of a lot of places I'd go that a Tesla couldn't take me there. In summary, the Tesla Model S is the car that could take the industry forward. Nissan Leafs with a 100 mile range sold through a traditional dealer network probably aren't. Sorry for the late reply, I don't have reply notifications set up. During the ablation itself, I felt nothing because I was drugged. However, they have to repro the problem in order to know what to zap. That was an interesting process with all kinds of non-painful (though not entirely pleasant) stuff to feel. The details are still up if you care: http://psychocross.blogspot.com/2007/10/next-in-continuing-s... Hmm, but it seems to work in Safari for iOS6. There's no hover, of course, so one has to touch the bar that corresponds to income. I wonder what shenanigans are going on that it doesn't work on so many desktop browsers. First, the page is cut off on Safari on an iPad. But I can get the gist of it. More to the point, it's the piracy argument all over again. If I unsubscribe from a retailer's list, I wasn't going to buy anything from their mailings anyway. It's apparent that I had no intention of reading them. They're missing out on nothing. But maybe I'll buy something in the future, who knows? If it was an otherwise pleasant experience I'll keep them in mind. When I unsubscribe, I hold no ill will toward the sender if they make it a one-click, easy unsubscribe. Make it a pain to unsubscribe, however, and get nothing in the future. Take Musician's Friend as a prime example. My first and only purchase from them was a Fender Greta amp (highly recommended, BTW). I gave them (my gmail alias)+musiciansfriend@gmail.com. They took it. They also spam me every other day. Fine, I'll unsubscribe. But the unsubscribe form's regex rejects "+" and tells me the address is invalid. Too bad for you, MF, as I'll just filter your mail, the paper catalog that I didn't ask for will go straight to recycling without ever entering the house, and I'll bad-mouth you to anyone that asks. That's because post-sale MF came across as obnoxious. I remember using the SAMs books (which make the list). I learned more from correcting the errors, of which there were many, than I did from the books themselves. Simply horrid books that should have had much more time spent on editing. > Windows CE based Wizard style PDAs predate the Apple Newton Newton came out in '93 and WinCE came out in '96. But that nitpick doesn't take away from your general point. MSFT seems to be good at coming out with things that have potential, but then let's them languish. Their mobile products were a prime example. On the last WinMo phone I had (2006-ish), the OS had dialogs that were (I assume) user-drawn and going on ten years old. Those dialogs looked like it, too. Apple comes along with a platform they were willing to pour the company into, and MSFT has been playing catch-up since. You say they don't make their products "good enough", I'd argue that Microsoft doesn't stick with their products long enough to make them good enough. Their wireless home phone system (can't find a link) was an example. V1.0 was rough around the edges, but useable and forward-thinking for the late 90's. v2.0 was going to be great, except there never was a 2.0. What amazes me is that in a couple of generations the accents of all the regions change (including England itself with the hard r , apparently). In the case of the US I'm curious if accents stay the same once geographically stable. Once we became more mobile in the early-mid 20th century, are accents changing faster with the influx of diversity as folks move around? They don't make you turn off anything. You simply can't bring it in. Just like you can't bring in your own food or drink. The FCC and radio spectrum legalities don't enter into it. They don't want some rogue devices screwing it up for everyone else. The stadium is offering free WiFi, so there's no attempt to block communications and there is no need for kind souls to offer free WiFi. Great, now I'm tempted to spend way too much time experimenting to find other banned phrases. :-P But sure enough, whether it's buried in a bunch of lorem ipsum or standing alone, that phrase will send your mail to the ether. It never showed in Junk, it just never came across the wire at all. Edit: this behavior goes in both directions, BTW; receive or send. I'd be willing to write it off as a one-time error on the part of some individual contributor, but what else will get your mail deleted? Since there are no checks in place for "rogue" ICs adding phrases on server-side, what will cause stuff to go missing tomorrow? The sent folder still works as expected. Oddly enough, offending emails even sync in the sent folder across devices. So Apple doesn't delete your original work (they'll even sync it for you), they just won't send it. Sadly, that went away in Mountain Lion. It looks like a bit of work to set up, but I might just adjust how I digest things and give this a shot: http://tabs.mediahackers.org . "Rivers" probably aren't going to have the archiving and what not that Google Reader or others will have (maybe, haven't looked that deeply) but most stuff I just read, or not, and move on. Not only is it linked in the article, it is very much a replay of the original Atlantic article. I didn't see a lot of added value in the article posted here, so just go read the Atlantic's. Similar to how I don't come to Hacker News to read about the list of things people don't come to Hacker News to read about. 478 pages, huh? A book on Scrum of that size seems to reflect my observation of some organizations that have implemented Scrum: little extras will be added along the way until it's no longer "agile" and just as unwieldy as the process it replaced. For an organization, that can be fine. Maybe Scrum is too simplistic, maybe it's missing a few pieces vital to your organization. Experiment, season to taste. But I believe that there often isn't enough thought put into how badly that seasoning is needed. Rather, someone along the chain says "but we don't have that thing from the old way", whether that old thing is vital or was nothing but a procedure weight around the neck of the team. As for a 478 page book, someone must have worked really hard to come up with enough fluff, diagrams, and humorous anecdotes to fill that many pages on something that's supposed to be "agile". An upvote to you for probably saying what I was trying to in a more succinct manner. Sprinkle a little "agile" on top and call it a day, rather than rework the way things are done. I don't drink (and for a variety of reasons), and I don't associate going to a bar with drinking alcohol. Yes, I understand that drinking alcohol is the main profit center of a bar. But if people want to go to a bar, fine we'll go to a bar and I'll have soft drinks or non-alcoholic beer (as long as it's not sucktacular O'Douls or the like). I can see the recently-sober recovering alcoholic being the sticking point here, and I don't have a good answer for that possibility. So maybe you have a good point. But for the religious/philosophic/recovering-but-far-enough-along-to-go-to-a-bar I don't see a problem. EDIT: now that I read the actual quote, it occurs to me that one can just throw out multiple options: drinks at a bar or coffee? The smart candidate picks coffee, drinker or teetotaler, to avoid the influence of alcohol in front of a potential employer. :-) I didn't bother reading the article because of that stupid sidebar thingy that chases you down the page. Maybe I'm the only person that finds it annoying, but there is nothing on the web I need to read so badly that I'm willing to put up with it these days. And, yeah, OnSwipe's starting to get on my nerves, too. And in a pathetic effort to remain on-topic, I'm unlikely to work at your company, either. Such window dressing over substance (I gather from comments that the article wasn't much) gives me a possible hint that my compensation may suffer the same fate. Bean bag chairs and a kegerator don't add to my 401K. It seems at least some on here know a bit about the company, and seem impressed by the concept at least. I know next to nothing about them, so let me give you the view of the proverbial "Joe Sixpack". Summary: I know of only one vendor that uses it, and LevelUp has to overcome my objections to using it right there at the point-of-sale. There's one restaurant that my wife and I go to that has the POS thingy. We live in Redmond, not exactly a town full of tech-averse folk. So problem #1 is: is it worth the trouble of signing up, dealing with one more daily email newsletter (because I forgot to uncheck the box), and having to get my phone out and find the app every time we eat there? Answer: a resounding "no". Problem #2: you have to sell me at the point-of-sale, because I frankly don't care enough to go look it up. What does LevelUp do, other than having a glowing thing that wants to have something to do with my phone? I have no idea, probably something to do with paying for my meal. If that's the only answer I can come with at the time of sale, I refer you to Problem #1. Problem #3: I know of only one vendor in tech-savvy Redmond, WA that uses it. Why even bother to dirty my inbox and the app screen of my phone? Problem #4: how's the user experience? Does it suck? Do rainbows and unicorns sprout from my phone when I use it? I have no idea. What I do know is that whipping out my credit card is quick and easy, and everyone involved in the transaction knows how to go through the motions. LevelUp competes against a known quantity, and that known quantity is actually pretty good. From reading the comments, I gather that there's some kind of rewards system. Hmm, first I knew of it (see POS sales problem). Not exactly a positive for me, as I'm growing tired of loyalty cards and variations thereof. So that's the view of a guy who knows almost nothing about LevelUp. Too much to fiddle with, and no perceived value for me. The server is definitely overloaded, and at a time when most of the U. S. is either in bed or thinking about heading home from the bar (except me, obviously). Granted, the rest of the awakened world can put the hurt on your server, but I'd prepare for when the East Coast wakes up. :-) > Just introduced the works of Iain M. Banks to a friend, so something happy does come from sad news. And I've just purchased Player of Games , maybe not based on your personal recommendation, but certainly on the collective recommendation since this news broke. Kind of a sad way to get introduced to an author, but OTOH I think it would be somewhat nice that even my impending death would lead to new readers of my work. I do feel like I'm the last geek/techy/nerd/HN/SlashDot reader on the planet to have heard of him, though. Especially if you are so large that you sell shares in company, then you have a LEGAL obligation to the shareholders to always take decisions that maximise profit over everything else I wish people would quit saying that. IANAL, but I never have found anything that definitively says that. It would seem that in the case of company sale or takeover, yes, the board has to "maximize shareholder value". But in day-to-day operations there is nothing stopping a company from saying, "we're not going to be assholes" at the expense of maximizing shareholder value. Shareholders don't like it? Sell your shares. As one example, I refer you to Costco, with profits capped at 15%, to the chagrin of some on Wall Street. As for the Jobs/Apple example, I sure hate to play the [citation needed] card, but I don't think he exactly said that Apple legally had its hands tied. EDIT: found my own citation. Jobs said nothing of the sort. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/22/business/apple-america-and... The article even quotes someone from the Labor Department as saying that companies used to use US workers at the expense of "maximizing shareholder value", without anyone going to jail, but they don't now. The finish clock on the video is correct, but it's very likely for third wave runners who started forty minutes after the first wave. So they finished in 4:09, but 4:49 from the start of the elite race. Made no sense to me at first because I was in the first wave, was walking back to my hotel 4:09 after my start, but heard nothing. Tacking on forty minutes makes the timeline add up, as I was napping by then (and wondering why sirens were interrupting my nap). I ran the race today, and my cellphone has been going off all day (within minutes of the incident, far as I can tell, up to my last call an hour ago) with family and friends checking on my status (which is fine). I'm not saying the service has been good for all, and thanks to RobSpectre for setting this up, but I can say at least some phones have worked all day. EDIT: mostly SMS, but at least a couple of incoming and outgoing calls without problems. I ran the prestigious marathon for the first time yesterday. I had a good race, set a new best time for recent years, and had a great experience. The only thing I would have been able to do yesterday was give blood, and that apparently wasn't needed. So there's nothing I can do, and fretting and worrying isn't going to change anything. Walking around scared isn't going to prevent anything. I sympathize with those affected, from those who lost friends and family to the thousands who were not allowed to finish the race. What I won't do is make the bombing the primary memory of the race. Sorry, bombers, you're not taking that away. I'll allow it to stand as a seperate, tragic event in my mind and deal with it from there. Today my wife and I will go walk the Freedom Trail just as we planned. Maybe we won't get into some (or any) of the monuments, but we're doing it regardless. I mean, what else are we supposed to do, huddle in our hotel room until our flight tomorrow? The breakfast place a block south of the closed off crime scene is open, so we're off to go get some food now. It may be hyperbole (probably not every design is a clone of something else), but a strong argument can be made that a number of designs, from the Blackjack to recent devices, are pretty good copies of something made by another company. Err, wait, I didn't get the subtle astroturfing joke, did I? Yeah, same here, from someone who's a fan otherwise. He's had some dogs, but the one that stood out to me was some weather app (not Dark Sky, which is excellent) a year or so ago. It was pretty, which I image is what caught his eye. Too bad it was crap for predicting the weather, or even getting the local temperature right for that matter. I really wondered if he ever used it for its intended purpose. Sounds like someone was just waiting for an excuse to dust off the ol' "jack-booted thugs" routine. One person's "cowering in fear" might be another's "staying the hell out of the way". The rest read so much like a canned response, I don't feel a need take apart the points (and I'm kind of sorry I bothered to read it). My response to the title is "duh". Setting out to hire a woman is , by the very definition of the word, discriminatory. For the moment, drop the legal aspects of the word "discrimination". Think more along the lines of hiring a designer versus a dev. That's discriminatory, too, but in a perfectly legal sense. In the end, though, one has made a distinction between those that design and those that write code. But if one needs a designer and not a dev, that discrimination needs to be made. Discriminating by gender, however, is not only of questionable legality, it can also make for a bad hire if one discriminates for gender above all else. Looping back to the topic of hiring women, it was good that he sought the feedback of his wife and his employee. Despite his noble goals, it sure struck me as creepy. "Do you have a vagina? Come work for us!" I read the article, but maybe I missed the part where he asked himself how the workforce got out of balance to begin with. I'm going to guess (given the attitude that he conveys) that he didn't set out to create a boy's club of brogrammers. Advertising in the wrong places? Maybe something in the interview process was more discriminatory than he thought? Something in the company that subtly doesn't appeal to women? An industry predominantly populated by those with penises? Look to identify problems like that, rather than running around where the girls hang out and blatantly recruit for chicks. If you already have a Synology box, what do you get with BS versus using Synology's own CloudStation? I've looked into BS, but I guess I'm not getting what I gain running it on my DS410. All that said, how is in-group preferential treatment any different than familial preferential treatment. The article mentioned giving away free tickets as an example. Maybe they're not all that different, just different forms of tribalism. I can certainly see it applying early last century in the U. S., when you're fresh off a visit to Ellis Island and the natives aren't particularly fond of you. If you don't watch out for each other, who else will? Further back in history such prejudices may have been more valuable when unfriendly tribes are just a short walk away. Same thing for family: the rest of the world isn't going to give us a leg up, so we best watch out for each other. Or maybe for both it's just familiarity. When you're a long way from home, I can see value in having someone around who understands your cultural background and speaks the language you grew up with. As for family, I'm probably not the one to ask. Mine is spread all over the U. S., and even if my sister lived next door I'd be just as likely to give courtside seats to a coworker as I would to her. Ah, thanks. With CloudStation, the Synology is a central box to which all devices sync, as opposed to the p2p nature of BS. If they remapped it, it wouldn't be an eject button anymore, would it? Then you would have no reason to be uncivil. Me, I'm fine with fn+Delete. Could be a "realignment of priorities", could be lagging sales, who knows? What I do know is that I've actively started avoiding EA games. I'm not a hard-core gamer, so I don't get terribly passionate about the actual and alleged sins of EA. But I think Battlefield 3 is going to be the last EA game I buy. Without going into a long spiel, it just feels like they're not satisfied with my $60 and make it too obvious in their grab for more. They're not the only ones, but they're the first ones I noticed and they continue to be the most blatant. Add to that the problems that so many of the games have upon release. I know Battlefield 3 had problems, and then there's the well-publicized Sims. Everyone I know that plays Madden complains every year when a new one comes out (yes, I do question why they continue to buy it). Perhaps I'm not the only one considering how badly I want to play a game when I stand a good chance of being frustrated with it at the start. Maybe I'll go outside instead. :-) I'm not so sure that all of the claims are true (or maybe just not well-explained) in that there exist "full cutoff" lights that don't direct light upward. The researchers' light may indeed be an improvement, but it was not made clear to me what it would be over existing full cutoff lights. Based on the illustration, maybe it has more to do with the light not scattering all over the place and therefore not reflecting off objects as much. It also seems to be an awful lot of "on paper" considering they haven't built a prototype. Finally, as I was searching for "full cutoff" to make sure I wasn't imagining it, I found this informative website on the subject of light pollution and solutions: http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/NLPIP/lightingAnswers/lightP... Do your wife and daughters do those things for the same reasons as the author? If so, I'm curious about where you live. Because just a walk through the local mall (granted, affluent suburban Seattle) indicates to me that the fears of the author are not shared by the women in my area of the USA. I'm assuming the ad is for their production hydrogen fuel cell version, which I don't see listed on their site: http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/150202-first-production-h... At WWDC, the souvenir jacket is really cool. :) Most of the worth is not in the sessions, IMO, especially since post-session Q&A was done away with. Now you might as well just watch the video. But there's hallway networking, and access to Apple engineers in the labs (I'll bet the iCloud/Core Data folk will be particularly "popular" this year). Is it worth the nearly $3000 I'll have to pull out of my own pocket? This year I decided it wasn't. YMMV, and for over 5000 people it obviously does. The source for the chart is the RIAA (lower left, tiny gray print)? The data may be accurate, they may not, but I'll consider the source. The full article sounds a lot like a puff piece for the poor, beleaguered RIAA. Singles are killing the industry, except that singles drove a lot of the industry for decades. This is briefly mentioned in the article, followed by "but the music industry wised up in the '70s". And wise up they did. Slap a couple of singles on an album, populate the remainder with filler, charge more, profit. "...musicians will have to increasingly rely on touring, merchandise sales and endorsement deals to make up for lost album sales." Yes, yes they will, just like they've always done because of how RIAA members take the large part of the profits from record sales. Again, the only ones for whom anything changes are RIAA members. I just don't see how a shift wouldn't have happened one way or another. Blame iTunes all you want, but it's a hell of a lot better for profits than torrenting. At 99 cents I won't even bother starting the bit torrent client. At $15US for a CD that consists of the two songs I want, and the rest crap, you can bet I'll look at alternatives. And I have disposable income and am not afraid to spend it. You can forget about extracting money from the teenage market at $15US a pop, which will just torrent it when faced with the choice. There's a buggy whip analogy here somewhere, but I'm not going to try. It's the way things are, and it's not going to change no matter how many members of congress the RIAA tries to buy. labels do serve a real purpose and are a valuable player in the space I have no disagreement with that. The problem is that the RIAA, and by extension the labels, make it really hard to sympathize. I have a long list of things that aren't much individually, but it boils down to not treating customers with contempt. Logically, I know that labels offer value in the market. Emotionally, I view them as greedy bastards looking to screw everyone from artists to end-customers, as long as they get theirs. Emotion overwhelms logic, and the manifestation of that is when I see a chart such as the one in the article, I just can't bring myself to care much. In addition to the points that you made, there's the issue of source control as well. XIBs have always been a pain with source control, but if one insisted it was workable. I just haven't seen a way to make storyboards work with more than dev and not end up with someone going bald from pulling their hair out. The wisest words on loyalty I've heard came from my now 68 year old retired programmer mother: "my loyalty to the company goes until they cut a check on Friday, then we start over again on Monday." Add to that "when you hear 'here at Initech, we're like a family', don't take the job unless you want to be the family dog." So much for the loyalty of older generations. They knew how fast a company will screw you just as much as we do. Though my answer should be prefaced with having started at Microsoft in the 90s. Options I've received since then have returned goose eggs. I would argue that Microsoft has done fine without finding new ways for people to post pictures of food. Some of their products are so boring that people will run their business on those products. One can't do much about comments on websites, but man, secure your machines. I'm willing to bet that "hacking his email" consisted of firing up his Windows machine, opening the account with no password, and starting Outlook. Same for the nude photos. Yeah, yeah, "trust" and all that. I don't think my own wife of nearly 20 years has spent more than ten minutes total logged onto one of my accounts on any machine in our home. I trust her, she just doesn't need to, she has her own account. Random chick I've been dating who displays just a little bit of psycho bitch from time to time? Yeah, that machine gets locked down with a high-entropy password and she gets guest privileges. Just as a counter, I'll mention that I don't spend nearly the time on Slashdot that I used to. The signal-to-noise ratio has never been great, but lately it seems to have gotten particularly bad (or maybe it's just me). Since the Dice.com buyout the ads have grown increasingly obnoxious, with what appears to be an increase in "slashvertisements" to boot. What are you looking for? Science and technology? Cool startups? Articles on coding? Just a clone of HN, only different? I have my own list, but each item on the list is a bit specialized (IOW, maybe not of interest to you), and HN keeps me up in general. Maybe listing some specifics can help others point you in the right direction. This could be what pushes me to start Android development. I just traded one of my spare iPhone 4s for a Galaxy Nexus, and started to dig into dev. But from my admittedly brief foray, it looked like a lot more fiddling than I cared to undertake right now. Sure, I use a combination of vim, xcodebuild, and a small bit of Xcode now , but if Xcode didn't exist as an IDE when I started iOS/Mac dev I wonder how far I would've gotten. As soon as the download link for the Android IDE is published, I'll be taking a concerted look into it. at least now I'm approaching something resembling adulthood I don't have the problem of trying to negotiate on the fly which of the various intricate hiphop style handshakes we're executing. Don't be so sure. I'm in my 40s and run into this from time to time with informal settings, with full-grown adult males. It will be interesting to see what happens if rumored watches show up from larger companies. If that happens, I think Pebble is done. I have one, I like it (but I don't "love it!"). Pebble has demonstrated trouble with coordinating all of the moving pieces, from manufacturing to software and firmware. I don't fault them, it's a tough job, but their window is shrinking. At the moment they have yet to fulfill all of their Kickstarter backers, and I just don't see that happening until at least July. Those 600 "apps" the article mentions? They're just watch faces (and a few small games, I guess). Those were built with an alpha version of the watch face SDK, with the warning that your watch could be bricked if you install any of those 600 "apps". A real SDK with two-way communication with the watch is nowhere to be seen. Maybe that $15 million will allow them to get cracking on getting that SDK out the door. Without some real dev support, allowing them some real traction, I suspect they will suffer the same fate as Microsoft's SPOT watch. I do some things right-handed, some left. I manage to get along with wristwatches just fine. They're going to occasionally get in the way regardless. I'm hoping the Pebble will allow me to avoid having to buy a super expensive Triathlon watch. You can get a Garmin GPS watch for about $100. Less than a Pebble, and you can take it swimming. I wouldn't recommend taking your phone in the pool. :) RunKeeper integration is cool, and handy for those that already use it (or for those that already carry a phone while running, which I don't). But I'm not ditching my Garmin FR610 just yet. As for the unpairing problem, if it happens then I can never trust it. I had that happen a lot with my iPhone, but not with a Nexus running Android. Looks like a bug in iOS, but regardless of fault I can't trust it to keep me from missing phone calls or an email message when using iOS. These things will get worked out eventually, but for now I view as a kind of neat, if not entirely reliable, gadget that happens to tell time. But that's just my use case, YMMV. Not in WA. We got rid of a late-model Jaguar S-Type to make room for the Leaf. I'm glad we did. Cheaper to run, and just as much fun in different ways. The Leaf isn't as nicely appointed, but we've learned to live without a walnut dashboard. Luxury cars can start from the ground up. In the case of the Leaf, the first line is "start with a Nissan Versa..." Plus there are all kinds of trade-offs between aerodynamics, noise reduction, aesthetics, and cost. Me, I'm fine with the looks of the Leaf. But we also own the original Scion xB. Sadly, yes, the Leaf is selling like dog shit sandwiches. The Chevy Volt is doing a little better, apparently. I don't know if it's those weekly trips from SFO to LA that people raise as an objection to EVs, or because a gasoline car is the safe bet. After almost two years of ownership, I can't imagine why anyone with the means wouldn't buy an EV as at least a second car. At the time of purchase the Model S didn't exist. When pre-orders were being accepted I looked into putting a deposit down, but the signature editions were already sold out. Didn't feel like waiting for a lower-end model (higher-priced ones being built first), as we'd already been through the waiting game with the Leaf (I pre-ordered one on the first day Nissan took orders). No matter, we like our Leaf and that gives us some time to see what else Tesla comes up with. I wonder how common this is amongst retail investors: buying things they have no business buying. Whether it's an IPO or an options contract, there's a great deal of complexity behind many financial instruments, and just because your brokerage gives you the opportunity to pull the lever it doesn't mean you're qualified to do so. On the other hand, it's hard to work up sympathy for the woman in the story. Yes, she wasn't privy to behind-the-scenes details. But it sounds like she put less research into her $200K "investment" decision than she did with the last car she bought. The Atlantic may have left out the details of her late-night scouring of web pages for information, but as a proxy for retail investors in general it's probably accurate. Here's the only thing a retail investor needs to know about IPOs: FB isn't the exception, it's the rule. Buy an IPO on opening day and the vast majority of the time you're going to lose money. Why? (And I wish I could bold and underline this.) Because the IPO isn't to make you money. Stay the hell away from them unless you know what you're doing. And you probably don't. EDIT: maybe I'm mis-remembering, but didn't the problem of mobile users and ad revenue come out before the IPO day? Odd, just minutes ago that was the title (and was the only reason I clicked on it). I refresh and now it's shortened. I don't know about "link bait", though, as the title is now less appealing to me personally. The part you quote was not the only warning sign to stay away from the IPO. Just a quick search brought a whole page (published before IPO day) of reasons to stay away: http://www.zdnet.com/blog/feeds/facebook-ipo-risk-factors-an... . Regardless, big IPOs like Facebook are driven by hype, not sound financials. I'd be willing to bet that Facebook could have used 24 point type on their login page stating: "we're losing money hand over fist" and there would still be people lining up to pay $42/share when that bell rang. Were insiders withholding information? I'm not going to argue one way or another. How do you "know what you're doing"? Start by knowing that insiders would stick it to their own grandmothers if they could get ten cents more per share. But when one's whole strategy is to hope for a first day "pop", that's playing a lottery ticket, not investing (exhibit: Zynga). For one, if one buys after the opening bell, you're not going to profit from the pop, you are the pop. > the expectation is that the order is cancelled You need to adjust your expectations. When you enter an order, your only expectation should be that it gets filled, and not necessarily quickly (or at the price you'd like unless it's a limit order). Check with your broker, I'll guess that they make no guarantee about canceling orders. Using Fidelity as an example, when I cancel an order the page comes back with " attempting to cancel order" (emphasis mine). Someone fills the order before the cancellation makes it through? You just bought yourself some stock. Much ado about nothing, as the App Store will do diff updates, starting in iOS 6: http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/ipad/#qa/qa1779/_inde... So the author is about 9 months late with his complaint. I mean, assuming that is his complaint; he never explicitly says. Excellent catch, as I've given up on using the mini player and would have gone a long time without seeing the change had it not been pointed out. Apparently not, I clicked it. After a long wait all I get is a corrupt PDF...uh, oh. "Practically silent" means my wife will practically force me to buy one, as she (rightfully) complains about the jet engine turbines the launch day 360 uses for fans. I've been holding off buying a dedicated Blu-ray player, so that has some value. Don't care about Kinect, not enough room in the TV room. Don't care about being "connected" as I have enough Skype-enabled, etc. devices around the house. The hard questions are how Microsoft's ad service, er, Xbox Live will improve my experience. Right now I'm of the opinion that the XL experience has really gone down hill with poor UI and loaded with ads. How is the gaming experience? Is it really going to require "always on"? Do I have to physically hold up my controller to "raise a shield"? I just want to move my thumbs. Am I going to be nickeled-and-dimed with micro payments/DLC? My point is, this is the first time I'll make an actual decision about buying a new Xbox. Halo made the first one a no-brainer for me. I bought the 2nd because I still worked at MSFT, and I was a company man. This time there is the real possibility that I won't buy an Xbox One. Give recent trends, they better make sure the experience doesn't suck. But I see EA is on the stage right now, so I'm not optimistic. They have a legal obligation to their shareholders to maximise profits Please stop saying that. It's urban legend repeated by those that wish to excuse any corporate behavior. (I'm more than willing to change my stance as soon as someone provides a link backing up the "legal obligation" argument.) As a guy whose wife is trying to figure out what to do for my 50th birthday party, I would like to ask the author: WTF is wrong with you? A kid you see in person once a month sends a text about a job possibility that you proposed, and that calls for a snarky answer and a blog post bemoaning "these kids today"? The author grew up without cellphones and social networks? I grew up with a party line (look it up) and no computer until I was 17, and I fail to see what the big deal is. It's not like it was some random kid off the street. For my personal tastes, I'd rather the kid text me than call me. These kids today, making us real elderly curmudgeons look bad. Your "become a man" quip worries me just a bit. I'm going to assume that this isn't your first automotive repair. If it is, please don't start with brakes. Changing pads and rotors (I assume rotor because of the $700 quote) isn't hard, and there isn't much to screw up. But if you do screw up, there isn't much leeway. In other words, getting it wrong isn't a "oh, I'll have to fix that next weekend" moment. It's a "oh, my, "I only have rear brakes/why is my front wheel locked up/oops, should have tightened those lug nuts" moment. But if you know a 9/16" box end from a 10mm socket, then have fun and give it the same attention to detail that you would an important piece of coding. 1886 Columbia Standard highwheel bicycle, the ultimate hipster fixie. Yes, I ride it (though not all that often), including 100 mile rides. For computing tech it would have to be an Apple Newton. It isn't terribly old, but I gave up using my house to curate a computing museum years ago. Look scary? Just the media-hyped name alone is enough. I'd be willing to bet that the majority of Americans couldn't distinguish between an AK-47 and a Glock by sight alone. (I'd concede that it may not be a majority, but at least a surprisingly large number.) OS X because it obviously is useful for Mac and iOS work, but works well for everything else (except Windows, obviously, but a VM fixes that). XAMPP gives me a setup for playing around with LAMP, and iTerm and a Linode gets me going for dedicated Linux work. None of that would matter if I had to run OS X on crap hardware, but MacBooks make for some of the best laptops. The downside is that if you DO want to run on lesser hardware, you're out of luck without a lot of hassle. (I've done hackintosh in the past, and though fun to hack around, if your time is worth more than minimum wage you're not saving money.) Slot machines, FarmVille, Twitter feeds, I think they all work the same: push a button, you might get a reward. I'll leave it to the armchair psychologists (or even real ones) to put a label on it, but that's the commonality I see in my own behavior. Or maybe it's just the constant influx of stimulation, I don't know. What I do know is learning to sit and do nothing is valuable. When data-connected phones came out, I thought it a boon because never again would I need simply stand in line. I could check email, surf the web, fill that time with something of "value". Then I realized that, for me, checking a Twitter feed isn't of any more value than just standing there aware of what's going on around me. In NY state, I think the main cost of the house is going to be property taxes. I don't recall the rates, and don't care to look them up. But I do recall (when the subject has come up) that my sister-in-law in Alden, NY (small town 30 miles east of Buffalo) pays ridiculously high property taxes in comparison to what we pay here in Redmond, WA. "it's an era when RAID controllers were the size of a modern day sound card" That doesn't make much sense to me. For those that don't just use what's on the motherboard, even PCI cards are pretty small. RAID controllers that I remember, OTOH, were pretty beefy. Regardless, cool looking place. I'm glad they're able to make a go of it. I shouldn't have to agree to a contract for an OS I don't care to use in order to boot into the OS of my choice. Nor should I have to read the thing in order to see what I'm agreeing to just to boot into the OS of my choice. Make no mistake, I have not been one of the hand-wringers over this whole secure boot thing. But this recent development could turn me into one. Note that I commented above that I am in disagreement the way MSFT arranged this. However, to be fair to the one posing the question, the actual outcome of clicking through the EULA to install the OS of your choice is probably nothing (well, you won't be getting your money back for that Windows license). EULA or not, nothing will happen. It's "the principal of the thing". In this case, it's a pretty big matter of principal, though. Because of the way they finally handled the snafu, they effectively ended up with a short position. NASDAQ did not set out to hold a short position, but because of how they covered customers who couldn't cancel their orders they ended up short FB. (They covered those customers because they quit trying to valid order matching by accounting for cancelled orders. They just took cancelled orders out of the equation.) And folks should think long and hard about this before thinking about "not wanting to let the company down" and the like. Loyalty is too often a one-way street, and the direction is not from them to you. A few things I'd add that aren't directly related to the presentation itself, though the things could give you more confidence. It also keeps the audience from sitting there while you try to work around a single point of failure. 1. If you need slides, code or other digital assets, have them on your laptop, on a USB key, and a DVD. One or more of those will break, and you'll just fire up the alternate and go on your way. It's one less thing to worry about, and therefore: more confidence. 2. Prepare for anything to go wrong. If at all possible, know your presentation well enough, and practice it enough, that you could do it without any computing hardware and still make it at least somewhat compelling. It's unlikely that all of the equipment will die, but something might. Your laptop won't boot, borrow a computer and use what's on the USB key. The projector won't work? Just read it off your laptop and make do. Etc. I give hardware about 30 seconds to co-operate and then just say "screw it" and go on. No reason for the audience to sit there while I try to figure out which key combination switches video to go to the projector. Unfortunately, being able to just go on when a piece of HW goes awry comes from practice, I think, unless you're just a really confident speaker who can't be flustered. 3. Don't change your user account password the morning of a presentation. Your machine will lock and under the heat of the stage lighting you'll be rendered unable to remember your new password. Or so I've been told. But see #2. You're such a presentation boss that you didn't need to login to your machine anyway. I've used a iPhone since 2008, starting with the 3G. It wasn't until yesterday, after loading iOS 7, that I noticed the keyboard was always in caps. In fact, I thought it was bug in iOS 7. "Why in the hell is the keyboard all caps now? Surely it won't ship this way." Then I used my wife's iOS 6 phone and for the first time noticed that it's always been that way. There's something about the new UI/color scheme that brought this to my attention. Or maybe the shift key state isn't distinct enough to tell me whether it's caps or not (and hence I look at the keys to discern the difference, and they're of course no help). My point, on topic with your objection, is that I never even noticed the lack of lower case keys before iOS 7. So for me it's not something high on the list. The article raises a good point at the end: how much one saves versus gasoline is not the only point of consideration. I have a Leaf, glad we bought it, and we'd buy another one (or a Tesla, more likely). When we signed up on the first day Nissan took pre-orders, saving money on fuel was not high on our list of considerations. Simplicity of the mechanics, and voting with our dollars for an alternative means to propel ourselves down the road were top of the list. Someone needs to be an early adopter to get the ball rolling, and we had the means and the willingness to be one of them. Having the "gas station" in our garage turned out to be another advantage we grew to appreciate after the purchase. But saving money? I don't even know that we will after paying $32K for a tarted-up Nissan Versa, and we don't care. There are other, and better IMO, reasons to drive an EV. You got the option for the really nice stereo and sunroof in the car you bought, we got the option to not have to fill ours with gas. Just as it's nice to open the sunroof on a sunny day, it's nice to drive a nearly-silent car with lots of low-end torque that never sees the inside of a Jiffy Lube. On topic to saving money, I've noticed that Blink chargers now charge money, at a rate of $1.50/hour ($1 if you pay them $50/year). A Leaf can get about 13 miles/hour of charge. That's just a tad under three hours to equal the mileage our gasoline Scion xB gets on a gallon. So a little over $4/gallon to charge the car at the mall. We're paying more than gasoline at a Blink charger. Granted, we get the nice parking spot. :-) Well, if you're "installing it now" it's a little late to ask, isn't it? :-) I put it on my iPhone 5, which is my primary phone. Having been through many betas before, I'm prepared for some things to not work. Previously, mail, SMS, and phone functionality have always worked and that's what I expected this time. Those important functions work reliably in iOS7. I've restarted once because something in Safari locked the whole phone. Some apps are broken (Podcasts), or look wonky in spots (Find My Friends). Everything mostly works, though. Even the Pebble app to connect to the Pebble watch. I figured if anything would break, it would be that. If you want everything to work all of the time, never put the first iOS beta on your phone. Something is always not right. (Last year I was at WWDC, and the new maps app wouldn't render maps for me, just a grid. Not knowing SF that well, that was a major breaking change for me. ) Wait until beta 3 or so if you need reliability. I'm really curious about what they've come up with. The only practical way I can think to do this given what we have today is to swap cars. The current Model S, as far as I can tell, is in no way ready to do battery swapping in a reasonable amount of time. Could be, though; what do I know? EDIT: now that I look at the link you added, I stand corrected. From the exploded diagrams, et. al., that I saw it didn't look like it could be swapped out in five minutes. Tesla's designers obviously disagree. :-) And now that I view the link on a desktop browser, the one who posted it speculates that it's car sharing as well. Biggest as in "most boldly false from the start" or as in "dollar amount raised but didn't deliver"? If the latter, I think the secure USB key project was over $200K. Granted, I think the USB key folks started out hoping to make good. I'm not an old man, but I'm not young anymore, either. Maybe it's "these kids today", or maybe it's that I now live in an urban/suburban area much different than rural area where I grew up, and where I spent the start of my adult life. But for now the inability of those around me to fix things stands out to me. Fixing a leaking faucet, laying a laminate floor, putting a roof rack on a car, all of it gets hired out by nearly everyone I know. Or just throw stuff out and buy a new one. Maybe it's because we're all making good money now and choose to spend our time doing something else while someone gets paid to do the things we choose not to. Friends were going to put in laminate floor. I told them, "it's so easy, you'd be embarrassed to pay someone else to do it". They were going to pay someone anyway until the contractor flaked out. To their credit, with a lot of my tools and guidance, they went ahead and did the job, and got a lot of satisfaction out of it. I'm not lamenting anything. It's more an observation of how many in my current circle are surprised I can install my own garage door opener, and how it would be assumed I would of course do so by those around me not so many years ago. That's why you have a friend help. They can point out the eighteen ways it can go wrong. I mean, yeah, you could go it alone, and the internet is helpful, but it can turn out exactly like you say. I've helped friends with home projects where it turns out a trip to the hardware store is in order. More times than not I'll mention that "it looks like we'll need a whattzit and a hoozsnoggle while we're there" because the need for those items won't become evident until you come back home. Underestimate? No, I know how awry things can go. In our first house I noticed a leak in the basement under the toilet above. Wax ring, easy fix and cheap. Except it had been leaking a while, meaning a good piece of the subfloor had rotted. Up comes the carpet (who the hell thinks carpet in a house with men is a good idea in the bathroom?), might as well put in new linoleum on top of the new sub flooring. Since the floor's coming up, there's no better time to put in that sink the wife wanted. Somewhere in the process we discovered the wet drywalling under the shower stall. To the Depot for new drywall and shower stall! Weeks later I finished the job. All because a sixty-nine cent wax ring failed. That's a really good point, not only does it not get done DIY-style, it doesn't get passed on. I think that's where the problem lies with some of my friends: they don't even realize DIY is an option because they've never known anyone to do such things. It's one thing to think "yeah, I could do it but I choose not to" (I think it myself at times), it's another to not even know that a professional is not required. As for family time, and I say this as one without kids, if the kids are old enough I can't think of a more valuable way to spend time than teaching your kids to build something. I've often wondered how reliable the red light (indicating that the camera is on) is. What level of backdooring would be required for to turn on the camera without turning on the light? Chip level, I assume? I started out reading because I thought it might be interesting. I continued to read only to see what else they'd get wrong. Of the referenced things of which I have some knowledge and experience (Harley's and their owners, for example), they got it fundamentally wrong. I can only assume they were just as inaccurate with the things I don't know much about. To back my assertion, let's take Harley as an example. HOGs (which really are members of Harley's paid Harley Owners Group club, not Hells Angels members) were scaring off the well-to-do customers? The outlaw biker image is what kept HD in business. You may be an orthodontist during the week, but you can play dress-up and be a bad ass biker on the weekend. I don't when the lawyers were scars to buy a HD, but it hasn't been in the last 35 years that I've been riding. It seems like the author started out with a premise, and then either pulled facts to suit their point, distorted the facts, or just plain made shit up. The link takes me to a paywall. The non-paywall version is: http://stream.wsj.com/story/latest-headlines/SS-2-63399/SS-2... "It was a management position so there weren't any coding questions" Interesting; when I interviewed for a management position (test manager) it was nothing but coding questions, including the infamous "reverse a string" question. ("Would like that optimized for space or speed? In-place, or do I get a buffer? Can you tell I've heard this a zillion times before?") I can understand wanting a test manager to be more than an empty suit, but yoiks . Is it okay? Most would say "no", especially when applied to the metaphor that the blog writer is going for. Is it how the larger world works in many cases? Sadly, yes. I wondered about this a few years ago when my bus stop in Redmond, WA was moved temporarily and I had to walk by the police station to get to the bus. In the parking lot sat an armored personnel carrier. What in the hell does Redmond, a town of 50K at the time and about as low on crime as you're going to get, need with an APC? And what excuses does the PD find to use it? This in a town where one patrol cop, when interviewed during a ride-along by the local paper, stated that patrol is pretty boring in Redmond. At first I thought that they got it cheap or free, but it still costs money. Personnel have to be trained and regularly drilled, and maintenance isn't free. When money is being spent, it's going to get used. And I can't help but think of Barney Fife when I think of quiet little Redmond's PD running around in an APC. Cheaper, and in most cases it's good enough. I often read British motorcycle magazines, and I'm shocked at the anti-theft tips in the mags. Sure, you've got your usual tips on locking it when you're out. No biggie, I use a disc lock a lot of times myself, and wouldn't leave a bike on the streets of NYC without some serious locking equipment. But the difference really set in when one sportbike mag had a list of preferred baby monitors to use for the garage. That's for after the thief has broken into your garage ( could happen in the U. S.), and is now working on extracting the bike from the anchor that holds the bike to the floor (I don't think they even sell these in the U. S.) while you're in the house (in which case a thief stands a non-zero chance of being shot in the U. S). It does make me wonder what the hell is going on over there in Britain. I won't even try to explain what the difference is, but it has never even occurred to me to wonder if my windows can resist a hammer (I doubt they could, but have no idea). Granted, I live in a boring suburban town (see comment elsewhere: Redmond, WA). And when the Redmond SWAT team brings their APC and wants in, it won't take them long. And the bastards will probably shoot the two pit bulls before they realize they have the wrong house. A couple grand to put tires on the department's penisMobile, huh? sigh I think it's time to run for Redmond city council again. The question is: has any candidate for any city council ever won a seat after saying he'll cut the police department's budget? :-) Which might explain how police departments arrived at their current state to begin with. With a production of 250 units/month, I doubt I'll be able to get one any time soon. That's assuming I could even afford what is likely to be an insanely high price. Don't get too sentimental. The AT&T of your parent's generation and mine (which may intersect) is the Ma Bell of the monopoly days. I have never trusted AT&T any further than I could throw the whole lot of them. A half a dozen name changes and buyouts since has only increased my mistrust. As a member of the Amateur Radio Emergency Services [1], I sometimes question the need for such given modern, reliable digital radio available to government agencies. Then something like this happens. Still, a backup was made available, and what would the alternative be? Stick a ham in every cop car? (It's my understanding that it has been done.) In the end, though, Detroit had a backup system but no one tested it despite a maintenance contract? How many other systems does Motorola have out there that they're collecting money on but never test? [1] http://www.arrl.org/ares "The younger crowd is more likely to inquisitively understand computers better and realize they aren't just a dumb tool to be used to view facebook." Why would the younger crowd of the future be any more likely to want to understand the underlying workings of a computer than today's younger crowd who uses a computer to view Facebook? I would argue that, young or old, those who want to know how their appliances work will always be a small minority. https://developer.apple.com/devcenter/ios . But if you don't know that, then this post probably isn't relevant to you. Dividers? Oh, then you'd love the Trough o' Urine. Shoulder-to-shoulder while you let it flow into one big long shared container, no hang ups allowed, and no peeking. Available at finer concert venues and race tracks (and Washington state ferries, as I recall). Microsoft has been doing stack ranking long before 2006. I left in 2005'and attended stack rank meetings, where managers indirectly decide your review score before you even get the form from HR. it goes back to at least the late 90s, IIRC. There was certainly mention of "up or out", and a bad review or two would bring about the PIP stick (which seems to be only legal CYA before the firing, not for any hopes of real improvement). And, frankly, it was a long time ago and I haven't gone to any effort to remember details. I will say that in general it was as screwy and demotivating then as it is described to be now. It was based on a model proposed by Ballmer's hero Jack Welch. What Ballmer forgot is that Welch himself said the "trim the bottom 10%" model didn't work once a company got larger than a certain size. "Quinoa is a low-calorie, gluten-free, high-protein grain that tastes great ." (emphasis mine) I'm a vegetarian, high-mileage distance runner who has every reason to enjoy quinoa. "Tastes great" is not one of the reasons I eat it. I choke it down as best I can because it's good for me. Thanks for the ideas and the recipes. I'll admit that my experience has been off the Whole Foods food bar (and a few other places). It wasn't tasty enough to try at home, so I never bothered. Enough folks here tell me I'm crazy that I'll give it a go at preparing it myself. For the next episode of "Ask HN: food preparation", how about a way to make tempeh edible? That I have tried at home enough times that I gave up. :-) From the recipe alone, I think you have a winner. Thanks! I'd heard of the book, I guess I issued the part where it had recipes. Book ordered. Thanks for the pointer! "As for protecting your self against these, you need to use strong and good passwords..." I went back to the top to see when this was posted...today. I'm no expert on securing a server, but I thought the common thinking now was to just turn off password auth. The post itself says that all it takes is one weak password to be compromised. Using keys is ever-so-slightly less convenient at setup, but negligibly so. Works on any device I have. Is there a reason one would continue to use passwords? "What are the chances that Apple would just revoke all the keys used to build this app?" I'm going to guess the chances are near zero. Picture the lurking possibility that Apple revokes your developer key, essentially shutting down your business, because you merely built something on your own hardware that they didn't like. You didn't distribute it, the code never left your network, you just built it. I feel that every argument for "developers will never leave iOS even if Apple does..." goes out the window at that point. Okay, that I could see happening, and I wouldn't have much of a problem with it (abusing the enterprise keys and all). Perhaps I misread, as I took it to be asking about the general case of any dev who downloads source and clicks "Product/Run". More telling is that they requested that their own website be removed. To me that should be the headline. Which way does it go? Whichever way your wife says it goes. The recreational vehicle problem seems like a relatively easy fix, using something like the stops in the seatbelts of your car. Bumps lock the roll, but it disengages during gentle use. I'm not asking for anything. The article tries to make the case that HBO, et. al., are trying to take down open source software. Seems to me that they're not even error-checking what they're asking for, as is made evident by the request to delist their own site. Say what one will about Microsoft, I probably learned more there than anywhere else. Source control and how to branch/merge at scale. How to work cross-team relationships. How to work with people much smarter than I'll ever be. How to do a little political wrangling when necessary, and a bunch of other things I've probably forgotten. Having worked at several small companies since, it's disappointing how often I get to watch teams find out the hard way why things are done this way, or not that way. Sure, I will point out the potential folly along the way, but few care to hear it, and instead wish to invent their very own wheel because their case requires a special kind of roundness. The $300 I spent on a Logitech Harmony remote was worth every...damned...penny. Maybe your spouse/SO doesn't come to you because they can't figure out which combination of three remotes it takes to watch Netflix or play a game. Mine used to. And frankly, there's no reason she should have to do either one: come to me or figure out the incantation. I can figure it out, but I don't think I should have to, either. Nor should I have to keep four remotes lying around. I push "watch TV" and it casts the spell to use the Apple TV. "Play Xbox", and it switches everything around without fiddling. Gestures? Color me really, really skeptical that this will improve upon what I've got now. The remote (at least the Logitech Harmony) knows the state in which it last left the device. If that somehow gets toggled (it happens rarely at my house), there's a "help" button that basically toggles through the power states until you say "yeah, that fixed it". You can toggle the device yourself, obviously, but it's a good feature for the less technical in the house. First, I found the article to be weak, bordering on link bait. No real details, other than the mention of the electric scooter. "You can plug your phone in and...it'll do stuff." Additionally, no mention of the iPhone integration that Apple announced at WWDC. That aside, I'll wait until it shakes out and actually comes in a car I buy. The cynic in me sees a system of "partners" so that I get NASCAR on my car dash just like I can on some carrier phones, with no way to remove it. The optimist in me sees the LCD display on the dash as a satellite display for my phone (which is what I envision "iOS in the Car" to be). My Nissan Leaf (and other current cars) is so close to that now, what with Bluetooth music playback and call integration (Siri even works in the Leaf). Throw in a little AirPlay and we're good to go. Just leave out the proprietary bullshit and "partnerships", please. I just slapped it into Xcode and compiled using LLVM 4.2 (-std=gnu99), and it works fine. Using Xcode's LLVM GCC 4.2 setting (-std=gnu99 by default), it chokes. Conclusion: I kind of lost interest at this point. :-) I don't quickly know how to get it to compile using GCC, though. Good advice buried in the article: work for the experience, not for the money. I hear it time and again, someone talking about the equity they got and how "if it takes off..." much money they could make. Then I get to be the wet blanket that explains slim odds, how much 0.5% really is, and dilution. I do have one quibble with the author, and that's about how options make employees "owners". Eh, not quite. First, they have the option to be part owners. Second, the options you get as a grunt on the front lines are often not the same as the ones founders and VCs get. IOW, you'll get to go to the back of the line when payout time comes. It kind of was a Toyota plant in an earlier incarnation, the old GM-Toyota NUMMI plant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NUMMI . Sports is just one part of overall package that explains why I no longer subscribe to satellite or cable: I don't feel I'm getting good value for my money. Summarizing what started out as a much longer paragraph, we were paying $80/month for a lot of crap, crap we would never care to watch. Buried in that $80/month somewhere was ESPN. AMC, however, continues to get our money. _Breaking Bad_ and _Mad Men_ are two shows that I just pre-pay for the seasons as soon as iTunes makes them available. I don't even know how much a season costs because I don't care; take my money, damn it. And we get episodes the day after they air. (_Walking Dead_, OTOH...meh, two season of that was enough.) TNT and _Falling Skies_, same thing: take my money. _House of Cards_ and _Arrested Development_ were enough to get me to come back to Netflix. I've got money, and a fair amount of it; I'm willing to pay for good programming. But what I won't do is pay a bunch of money for reality shows and ESPN. I don't want to hear sob stories about how it's just not financially feasible to do it any other way. Figure out a way, because I can live just fine with the TV I've got, or none at all. And if I'm just not the kind of TV customer anyone wants, I'm fine with that, too. The Surface RT experience was summed up best for me by the wife of a Microsoft employee and friend of mine: "it makes me feel stupid". I guess she'll be sticking with her iPad. Me, I didn't think it was that bad. Though I, too, wondered "why wouldn't I just buy and iPad?" Seems that's a question everyone else asked themselves. I realize that Zillow's "Zestimate" isn't exact in a lot of cases, but even at those firesale prices there appears to be a large gap between the asking price and the Zestimate. Me, you could give me the house and I still wouldn't live in Detroit. Or it could be that an 82% black population indicates $SOMETHING, rather than "black people killed Detroit". When Gary, IN started to fall apart with the steel mills closing, my theory was that the only people left were the ones too poor to get out. Could be the same with Detroit. Or not, I don't know. But the demographics remain, and a drive down Woodward Avenue will confirm the numbers. Correct, the iPad apparently does not make her feel stupid. Hence my following comment about how she'll probably be keeping her iPad. It would seem my wording made the answer obvious, but I'm open to suggestions on how it could have been more clear. Though multitasking and VMs on the AGC were a feat, that's not what amazes me. The IBM 360 demonstrated that both were possible at the time, and the AGC impressively did it on less hardware. What does amaze me is how long it took such things to come to the personal computer, and arguably how much DOS/early Windows held things back. Unix, with its multitasking, ran on PCs and Macs in the 80s, so we only waited 20 years after the 360 (and 15 after the AGC) for multitasking. But usable VMs didn't come (or at least weren't commonplace) until, what, mid-90s? 30 years after the 360, and 25 after the minimal AGC? What the heck took so long? I see up and down arrows, and I think you'll find my current karma level to be particularly relevant. I don't see how the referenced bug (Open Office won't print on Tuesdays) is an example. That's just a weird bug. A Heisenberg is more along the lines of the bug not repro'ing because injecting the debugger rejiggered memory, that weird offset is no longer present, and the bug goes away. Timing issues and race conditions could be other examples. Selective Availability hasn't been used for over a decade: http://www.gps.gov/systems/gps/modernization/sa/ Could be. Here on the Eastside of Seattle, I parked next to one at Cougar Mt. Park on Friday, and saw one driving around today. It would be a stretch to say that I see one every day, but there are plenty around here. (And, yes, some sightings are probably repeats.) No more or less affordable than a 7 series BMW. A $7500 Federal tax credit probably isn't what makes or breaks a decision to buy a $70K car. Hell, I still would have purchased our Leaf even if it didn't get the tax credit, and it was only $32K (and therefore the credit being a much larger percentage of price). Admit it, you didn't read the post, did you? Because if you did, I'm mystified as to how you came to the conclusion it was an ad. It's hardly a glowing post about Nissan's pleasant buying experience. Summary: the author's experience doesn't surprise me, as it mirrors mine in many respects. It's unfortunate that Nissan did so poorly with the deployment of the initial Leafs. I love ours, and would buy another one, except that every aspect of the buying experience has put me off ever buying another Nissan ever again. I'll repeat: I'll never buy another Nissan. Pre-ordering one was easy enough. After that, the experience went downhill. There were some production delays due to the tsunami, but they were going to have delays anyway, tsunami or not. I'll let that slide, it's a radically different car, things didn't go as planned; whatever. Finally the cars are being delivered. Months go by, and despite having pre-ordered on the first day, no Leaf in my driveway. Then I find out via online forums that people who ordered months after I did are picking up their car. That's completely unacceptable, but whatever, it's just a car. Eighteen months after I entered the initial pre-order, the car arrives and we're off to the dealership. That was probably the final straw for any future Nissan purchases. Despite having arranged a time to pick it up, and having waited eighteen months for the car, we shake hands with the salesman and...wait. After nearly an hour of standing around the dealership drooling over the GT, we are finally deemed worthy of the privilege of receiving the car. After the usual BS with the finance guy, we drive off. I'll reiterate that the car itself is great. It exceeded expectations, and after two years and 16K miles we've had zero trouble with it. But I'm not going to purchase another car from a company that fails at every step to delivery. I'm curious why the expectation was a loss of 17 cents. TSLA made a profit last quarter, what changed to not expect some of the same this quarter? As most (if not all) of the pre-orders are filled, perhaps there was worry that folks wouldn't buy them off the "showroom" floor? Oh, well, I obviously thought differently as I bought call options yesterday, as well as held on to the shares we already have. And I'm glad I did. :-) And yet it still takes three days to settle a trade (and practically, to put money in my pocket). There may be some rule that dictates this, but it's not like we are sending couriers over with stock certificates anymore. There's an awful lot of hand-waving going on in this article. A Leaf's range just magically doubles in "6-10 years" due to improvements in battery tech. More and faster chargers, despite the fact that Blink has filed for bankruptcy. Battery prices have "plenty of room to fall". There is little to back any of this up, and the solar panel idea just solidifies my thinking the author is engaging in wishful thinking. Range isn't going to get magically solved. A Macbook Air gets amazing battery life because of advances in getting more computing with fewer electrons, not because batteries are all that much better. In contrast, the energy required to push a car down the road isn't going to be reduced by orders of magnitude. So it's up to battery tech, which has been slow to advance. We'll see what happens with the charging infrastructure. Blink seems to having a hard time making a go of it, and their rates are pushing up against the cost of gasoline if one charges at the mall. I know of no reason for battery prices to fall. Maybe they will, but I wouldn't stake my reputation on it. Yes, electric cars are simple and require little maintenance. You know what else require little maintenance? My 2005 Scion xB. Tires, oil, and filters in 70K miles. The Leaf doesn't need oil and most filters, but to me those two things are trivial. If the Scion is typical of most Toyotas, by the time the Scion needs an engine rebuild, we'll have probably replaced the battery pack in the Leaf at least once. I love our Leaf, and I'd buy another one (or a Tesla). But to describe EVs as an inevitable future is to ignore or wish away the current limitations. Way back in the late 90s I had DirecTV and lived in a place that would fry anything with a phone jack if it wasn't unplugged during a thunderstorm. Lightening got the DTV box's phone circuitry (the rest of box worked fine) when we weren't home, and I didn't want to buy a new one. A buddy showed me how to hack the card with a reader/writer, and I was into the scene for a while (I continued to pay DTV their money each month; this was a hardware fix, not payment avoidance). It was fun working on something at such a low level. Far smarter folks than me were doing the actual hacks, but I had a grasp of what was going on. Very simplistically, the card acted like the cable TV filters on the side of your house, deciding what the box would and would not decode for your viewing pleasure. By the time Black Sunday rolled around, I had purchased a new box and gone "legit". But I did read about it, and was impressed by a very cleverly put together and well-timed hack to make all of those cards go poof . What TFA doesn't mention, and maybe I'm remembering it wrong, was that it was the hacks themselves that did the cards in. DTV couldn't rely on their code to be there, since the hacks modified it. So DTV anticipated what the hacks would be, waited for them all to be in place, then pulled the trigger. IOW, the hackers indirectly did it to themselves. The article is from 2008, the actual event goes back to 2001. Masses of comments from people one has never met, and likely never will meet, aren't much to be concerned about especially when the comments are based on a single picture with no context. We all quickly build stories based on a single glance or vastly incomplete information. "He looks like a douchebag marketing guy." "The way she walks, she's probably one of those types that...", etc. The really insecure among us go out of our way to post it online. That the Reddit folk built a huge narrative out of a single picture doesn't surprise me. My personal favorites are the anonymous internet tough guys: "if I ever met him in person, I'd punch him". No, you wouldn't. You'd walk on by in silence, thinking your snarky little thoughts and tell your friends about it later. Because you, sir, have likely never been the first to throw a punch in your entire life. I'm not saying one is wrong in feeling a little sting in such comments. Maybe it's too many years on Usenet, maybe it's spending way too much time on Xbox Live ( that will grow you a thick skin), but I just pay them no heed anymore and let them wallow in their insecurity. That's not to say that when my mother is referenced on Xbox Live that I don't point out that the 68 year old woman would probably love some time with a young, studly Call of Duty master like yourself. "it's interesting to see how readily internet nerds - the people who are disproportionately to have been bullied in the past - engage in it." My theory has been that the downtrodden are pissed because they're on the receiving end, not because it's wrong, evidenced by many examples of them engaging in the same behavior when the opportunity presents itself. Whether it's immigrant minorities or geeks/nerds, the pattern seems to come up time and again. "he suggested that his Buddhist religion can help him forgive those who have wronged him." Hmm, anyone care to count how many points he fails to get on the Eightfold Noble Path[0] scale during this incident? He goes on to complain that potential clients Google him and they don't get to see what a great guy he is. I would argue that the current Google search results give potential clients all of the information they require to make an informed decision when considering him as legal representation. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eightfold_Noble_Path Nor can I get it to work with either an iPad or iPhone 5 running iOS 7, using a MS BT Notebook mouse or Apple's own BT trackpad. The devices don't even see the pointing devices (or more accurately, they see them but they're not telling me in the UI). I've got an Apple BT mouse lying around somewhere that I'll try, but I doubt the results will change. I'm not the only one that chose that mobile OS, millions of others did, too. But, hey, if a restaurant wants to try and dictate my choice of technology, no hard feelings. There are plenty of other places to eat. And "simply install flash"? It doesn't work on iOS, it hasn't been supported on Android in over a year, and has stability issues on Jelly Bean. I could almost be convinced that you're being facetious...almost. I'm sure they taught this in the music theory class that I didn't take in high school. I learned it later. It does open up the world of music, in that it's one of the things that allows one to go from rote memorization to actually playing music. Ever wonder how how musicians play with others without having ever played the song? Now you know. I was going to comment on some inaccuracies and general misunderstandings in the article. Then I found this at the top of the page: http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2012/08/violations-of-edit... _Wired_ doesn't want his stuff anymore because, well, it's kind of crap journalism. This would great and worth consideration if helmets weren't disposable items. Obviously a crash will cause a write-off (and good luck convincing insurance your helmet was $2000). But helmets get stinky, they get dropped, they get exposed to UV. A five year replacement cycle is recommended by the Snell Foundation. [1] Okay, so $400/year; some folks will part with that. You'll cry real tears if you drop it hard enough to crack that carbon fiber shell. Then there's fit. Some people have a Shoei head, some an Arai head (helmet brands). For $2000, that sucker better not cause hot spots on my noggin. Replacement shields? Shields are consumables, IMO. And I want a dark one for sunny days, a light one for when I'm out after dark. I want a new one when the original gets scratched up. I like the idea, but a cool HUD is just one thing to consider when buying a helmet, and not high on my personal list if I'm wearing the thing up to twelve hours a day. [1] http://www.smf.org/helmetfaq#aWhyReplace Snell isn't the end-all of helmet certifications, and I consider it a myth that Snell is the best certification. I'd post a link to the Motorcycle Consumer News article on the topic if I knew where to begin to find it. It was incredibly in-depth article from about five or six years ago that concluded that no certification is right for all conditions, and DOT-only is arguably just fine. There are crashes where you'll be wishing the helmet were Snell-certified, and some where you'll come out better with DOT. Nope, with over 200K miles and multiple trips across the continental US (I don't care if I ever cross Nebraska again), I don't feel a whole lot differently. In a car, sure, I'll try to maximize efficiency and minimize stopping. On a bike, it's not going to ruin my day to pull over and take a 5 minute break to look at a map/phone. I'm not on a bike to be in a hurry, or even to hit a particular destination a lot of the time. I've used a GPS on a bike since the mid-late 90s. To me, the use case is completely different than in a car. I'm not driving a rental from the airport to the hotel, and I'm rarely trying to find something in a major city. On a bike the GPS is a nice-to-have tool. But it is not so essential that I'll spend a lot of money, or require it to be constantly displayed on my visor. Wait until you hit 40. I wonder if my old eyes could even focus the HUD at all. "How is this still a thing?!" Because the alternative costs $900 and doesn't fit in your pocket. Oh, I get what you're saying, I loved OneNote back when I had the old TabletPC. It's the best thing going, IMO. But I'm not spending that kind of money to run an OS I have no other use for, just to take notes. Make a $300 machine with a good digitizer that runs nothing but OneNote and I'd buy two. I hate slide decks with no context/speaker. I have only the vaguest idea what this is trying to say (and no idea why the internet has allegedly failed), and came away with no "call to action" other than to go click on something more interesting. Edit: oh, I see that I missed the original thread pointing to the useful URL: http://www.urbit.org . Bikes don't come out of the factory noisy, there are EPA limits in the US. They become noisy when some dork sticks an aftermarket pipe on it. There are also noise limits everywhere that I am aware of, those laws are just rarely enforced. Why that is, I have no idea. Seems like easy ticket money on a sunny day. As for the parent, if you're relying on your bike's noise to keep you out of trouble, you're an accident waiting to happen. Loud pipes don't save lives, paying attention and not riding like an ass does. dbuder, you're hell banned, for reasons that aren't obvious to me. But you said, "Most people fit aftermarket pipes for more power, that doesn't make them dorks." If there were some objective way to answer the question, I'd bet a large sum of real money that people fit aftermarket pipes to make more noise or a noise more to their liking. Even I have an aftermarket pipe, complete with a Power Commander module to make sure that the pipe actually does increase power, dyno'ed to make sure. But you wanna know the primary reason I put a pipe on my VFR? Because I don't want to ride around on something that sounds like a sewing machine (which stock Hondas typically do). I'd like to think the pipe is not obnoxious, though my neighbors might disagree. Except TouchID, from what I gather, actually works. Not "works" in the sense of keeping bad people out, but "works" in the sense that when I use it my phone unlocks. I tried face unlock briefly on the Google Nexus I've got and disabled it shortly after when I found that it was unreliable. Poor lighting, too much lighting, a bad hair day, it wasn't even at 80% for successful unlocks. At least CA's site is up and running. WA's site ( https://www.wahealthplanfinder.org ) has been down since the first. My project for down moments today is to try and determine how much it cost to develop. (Oops, I guess it's up now, just slow, and has an invalid cert.) Chrome on a Mac: works fine for me. It doesn't like Safari, however. Don't get your hopes up. The rest of us grunts still get to spend an entire day in front of a whiteboard at Apple, at least as of about a year ago. Maybe it's difficult to scale and there were some hard deadlines, but there was some shear incompetence, too. As evidence I present WA's system that is storing passwords in plain text, has off-by-one errors, and reveals system details when you encounter an error. That's what I found by creating an account and trying to log in (which I still can't do). Who knows what I'd find if I were trying. When my Merkur showed up, I was scared to use it. For me (and maybe your face is different), there was no need. I was really careful the first time, got comfortable with it, and haven't cut myself in over a year of use. I think one trick is to let the weight of the shaving head apply the pressure. Don't dig into your face like you might with a disposable. It takes a little more time, but I think that's because I now take the time to do a better job. For the same effort as a disposable, I think I'd still get a better shave. They just don't work for me. I'm an easy customer, too, as I can't grow a beard that doesn't look like fruit you let sit too long. Takes the same time as a razor, and gives a crap shave. I've tried several at various price levels, too. I'd be curious to know what characteristics make electrics work for some, but (apparently) not for most. They work great on a certain kind of face, or is it that those who love electrics just don't care as much about a close shave? I would like to think this would begin to gain ground against systems like Jira (oh, how I loathe thee). Sure, Phabricator is a bit of a pain in the ass to set up in its current state, but it seems to be head and shoulders above many in both features and ease-of-use (not to mention price). Because when you watched the movie Swordfish, you said to yourself, "that's how a real hacker does it" instead of "what a load of crap", right? Seems like smartphone noob syndrome. Look, it's a tool. Like any tool, it can used for good or used to satisfy your base instincts. For those without a smartphone, there have always been gossip rags at the grocery checkout line with which to fritter your time. If you don't want to be bothered by the beeps and farts of apps that think they need your attention, turn off the notifications. That phone doesn't just leap out of your pocket with the inbox displayed, there's active choice on the part of the user. Directions? I've always avoided asking locals for directions, as most people can barely get themselves to work and back (and I've been one of them when I worked downtown Seattle). Apple Maps has nothing on the local gas station for bad directions. People steal dumb phones; people will steal anything. You just don't cry as much when a feature phone walks off. Angry brogrammer sets up straw men aplenty, knocks them down. There will be no film later this evening. I don't know, there didn't seem to be any examples, just crying about how the girls were apparently mean to him. No real case seemed to be made. I half considered flagging it but...nah, let him have his day in the SV sun. Hope he brought sunscreen. I've known people in a bicycle club in their 70s who ride 100 mile rides a time or two a year. This being an antique bicycle club, that's 100 miles on an antique high wheeled bicycle. Fixed gear, and quite heavy. Outliers for sure, but those are just those who I personally know. My own parents, 71 for him and 68 (with an artificial knee) for her, will be touring Hungary next year. I don't think it'll be 100K per day, but it should be a healthy daily distance. I've done a fair amount of cross-country skiing, and am a locally-competitive distance runner. My guess is that if you've never even seen snow, your skiing efficiency will be poor enough that you can't finish (probably because "what's the point", not because you can't make the distance) or end up last against good skiers. Give it a few years, maybe your form will improve enough to be competitive. But it's not like running where you mostly just run. Time Machine will regularly (as in once a month or two for my household of Macs, sometimes in as little as a week) complain "Time Machine completed a verification of your backups. To improve reliability, Time Machine must create a new backup for you." Apple says don't backup to a NAS. Plenty of folks have reported problems. Thankfully it's easy to fix: http://www.garth.org/archives/2011,08,27,169,fix-time-machin... Getting it set up in the first place [0] keeps the selection of customers significantly smaller than those that are better off just buying a Time Capsule, or even sticking a USB drive onto an Airport Extreme (which I recall seemed to work fine). And Apple did say it's not supported. I wish they'd just fix it. IIRC, it worked reliably pre-Lion. EDIT: or for that matter, why not just bundle up the page I referenced into a nice app bundle with a pretty icon? A more significant problem is that Synology (which is what I use) is out there saying, "Time Machine: works great with a Synology NAS!". And it does work great...until it doesn't, and last I checked Synology has no docs on how to fix it. As for Mavericks, I'm pretty sure I've seen the problem on the one machine I have running the dev preview. Or maybe not, maybe it was before I put Mavericks on (I realize that's not terribly helpful information). The problem with saying whether it's better or not is that on my machines it may be a month or more before it rears its head. So it would take me six months or so before I could personally say that it's better for me. [0] http://hints.macworld.com/article.php?story=2007102817364274... It would seem that there's an easy solution. Strava knows the grade of a climb. If the segment has a negative incline, don't have a leader board. Otherwise it looks to me like they're just encouraging dangerous racing on a non-closed course. Breaking speed limits, running stop signs and lights: imagine Strava for motorcyclists and ask yourself how long that would last. I've hit more than 50mph on a bicycle plenty of times, but it sure as hell hasn't been in the Castro District of SF. The rider carries the responsibility of choosing an appropriate time and place for such antics, but let's not egg them on. (Odd, this exact link was on HN last night, and I'm the only one that commented on it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6578639 . Should this be a dupe? Anyway...) It would seem that there's an easy solution. Strava knows the grade of a climb. If the segment has a negative incline, don't have a leader board. Otherwise it looks to me like they're just encouraging dangerous racing on a non-closed course. Breaking speed limits, running stop signs and lights: imagine Strava for motorcyclists and ask yourself how long that would last. I've hit more than 50mph on a bicycle plenty of times, but it sure as hell hasn't been in the Castro District of SF. The rider carries the responsibility of choosing an appropriate time and place for such antics, but let's not egg them on. That's because every KoM award I've ever heard of involved going up the hill(s). (Note: I know very little about MTB racing, maybe they have one for going down.) The downhill Strava segments strike me, and maybe this is a little mean or judgmental, as something to strive for if you're a Cat 6 [0] racer who can't climb. The first person described in the article was a mid-packer in an actual climbing competition. But when it came to tucking in and staying off the brakes, he could shine at least until tragedy struck. [0] http://bikesnobnyc.blogspot.com/2011/05/probing-for-answers-... We're dyin' over here in the Seattle area: Current weather in Redmond => 282.77 °F Maybe try metric? Current weather in Redmond => 282.77 °C Perhaps it doesn't know about Redmond, WA. Let's try Seattle: Current weather in Seattle => 286.5 °F It also seems to think it's sunny in Seattle right now. Umm, no. EDIT: ah, no space after the comma in your location, otherwise it thinks you're on the surface of Venus. > it is extremely common in the research literature to lazily conflate tobacco with nicotine. It is also assumed that the tobacco is burned. Sure, snuff can cause oral cancer (unlikely though it may be in comparison to cigarettes), but if you dodge the oral cancer bullet what are the other potential problems? I have no idea because everything I find conflates tobacco use with burning it and inhaling it. Smoking is bad, we get it. Smoking automotive tires is probably bad, too. How about the effects of tobacco itself, separate from the bad effects of burning something and inhaling it? Of course it's not like the bigger pack will be showing up in 2015 Leafs. I'm guessing the test version has no rear seats or trunk space. It also wasn't a test like "test this before it goes into production", the Leaf was modified for a race. A stock Leaf won't make an hour running flat out (electronically limited to 93mph). The bigger pack, as far as I can tell, was installed to make it more competitive. > In all likelihood the only non-electronic failsafe is the handbrake Not on my Nissan Leaf. The brake lever is a switch that turns what I assume (based on the noise) is a small motor to engage the rear brakes. As far as I can tell, everything is electronically controlled. Brakes, accelerator, "ignition", "transmission" (both in quotes because the Leaf really has neither), parking brake. If there's a firmware failure, there's not a mechanically-operated fail safe to save me. >> They haven't sent out the notifications to members yet, it seems. I just had an email pop into my inbox. Sad, indeed; I really enjoyed using it and paid money to help ensure they stuck around. I guess not enough folk felt the way I did. :-( Having to filter the scams from the genuine charities may be the excuse, but I have doubts. Any metropolitan area has a number of local charities you can check out for yourself. Animal shelters would love to have potential donors swing by for a visit, as would local homeless shelters (serve some dinner while you're there). Keep it local if you wonder about the credibility of the "Penguins with Cleft Palates Foundation". Yes, swinging by your local Boys and Girls Club takes a bit more effort, but I don't think that extra effort accounts for all of the 75%. So what does? Speaking for myself, I think a lot of times we just don't think about it. Or I see a worthy charity I like and I'll, umm, do that later (and later never comes). Regardless, omakasecharity.org is bookmarked, and a reminder added to my phone that will go off when I'm home so I'll click the site's "buy" button.