In fact, the fact that a letter could not encrypt to itself was part of the weaknesses of the Enigma machines used by the Germans during WWII, which eventually led to its breakage. It seems to me that this could be improved with a few handy shortcuts. Because it is actually running your commands in an actual interpreter, executing unplanned commands is only a problem because you can't input it. Having a few keystrokes to go back, edit/enter a command, go to line N, would make this problem disappear. Or do it the other way, and have a keystroke insert the next line from your script. Like Ctrl-R, but at the speed of my typing. How easy is it to generate the level from the set of tiles? I don't suppose you can name this magical institute that has more women applicants and staff? The fact that they are providing a rating instead of preference doesn't in any way prevent them from overcompensating. gRPC is not necessarily the magical tool everyone would like to believe. It is mostly developed by Google with a lot of magic in it. For instance, in Python using gRPC is totally incompatible with multiprocessing (meaning: it will crash both processes) and has been for a year (1.4.0...1.8.4), because of all the C logic (and multiple threads) running behind it. I for one am glad they didn't go towards custom protocols with single complex implementations, towards something that can be assembled easily from standard components. Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he's treating the background as a single fixed color. In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn't work at all. Probably an easy PR for that repo though? Maybe I'm confused, but how this announcement from Facebook contain personal data? Twitter used to have RSS versions of every profile, accessible through api.twitter.com without credentials. It was awesome. They retired it years ago... I took the time to make a proxy (Twitter API to RSS), and though I did write a few more, a lot more services still provide feeds (such as YouTube, Reddit, Steam, GitHub) than I thought they would. RSS is still going strong. Isn't that where they are doing with the "paid subscriptions"? Twitch has that already with the "subscribe" and "bits" buttons. The step being changing their monetization policy without notice or warning, or blocking a popular channel for everyone? I never saw the amount of the donations as a limitation in the platform. Maybe the fact that it is so easy to setup many donations push donors to spread out their money too much? The amount of the donations was always the number one complaint I saw against getting donations through this platform... Personally I don't think I want to use them anymore if they move away from recurring donations to giving it all at once, like the blog post suggests. I wouldn't call the "live bookmark" feature a "traditional reader" either. It is actually pretty unique, and doesn't scale very well. Can't talk for the parent, but things like ..=, impl Trait (especially for arguments), new try/catch syntax, ... were pretty controversed (and that's among the accepted RFCs only). Zulip seems to be trying for "a better Slack", down to the (disgusting) pricing model centered around keeping your message history hostage. I have no need for a slightly better Slack. I can see how your topics make it slightly better to find message, but how do I find topics once there are hundreds of them? How do I find unrelated issues that popped up in a thread, like they tend to do in human conversation, and that people didn't bother to make into a new topic? "sets" is the English word you used You claim this is open-source, however I don't see an easy way to run this myself without relying on your infrastructure and signup up for an account there. Your "analyse locally" option requires an API key and is therefore very much misnamed. Hangouts and GotoMeeting are the only things I open in Chrome. I'm also completely sold on Tree Style Tabs, and I don't think I could now live without... Why is Java, a byte-compiled statically-typed language, "bloated", while R it SQL, interpreted scripting languages, not? I find the point hard to follow. Execution of an R script will go through many more "layers", downloaded from many different sources, and implemented in different languages. Those permissions though... I'd rather use an RSS Reader that doesn't access my camera, look at my pictures, control my wifi, and look and my call information. Yes. Ruby is not that slow, this is not quite the throughput that will require load-balancing or even caching. This is simply multiple Euclidian regions stiched together by portals. Seems very limited compared to actual non-Euclidian renderers like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pmSPlYHxoY SSH has a configuration file (.ssh/config) which lets you set configuration for specific hosts and even aliases: Host reproserver User remi Hostname 128.122.217.96 IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rpz This is exactly what I needed. I set up this exact shortcut years ago, in Chrome, and have been slightly annoyed for months that "r sub/top" didn't work on Firefox. Thank you stranger. How do I get notified when this happens? While that page technically has an RSS feed, I am not hopeful that it is the kind that will update when you update the site. Then it should probably be "une IHM", for "Interface Homme-Machine". There are garbage collection libraries in progress: rust-gc[1] and shifgrethor[2]. If you mean language support, then no, not really, though it was discussed in https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/415 [1]: https://github.com/Manishearth/rust-gc [2]: https://github.com/withoutboats/shifgrethor Either also lives on in the `futures` library, where it is used when you have multiple things that can happen in your asynchronous task and you want to stick to static types rather than returning a trait object. https://docs.rs/futures/0.1/futures/future/enum.Either.html I also feel like this approach is a lot more valuable in languages that use static typing, such as Rust, Java, and TypeScript. In a yolo-typed language, it is just as easy to forget to handle the return type or the thrown exception. You should back off whatever the error. This is on the client to implement. 429 is not directly supported by HTTP libraries to make the client wait, so I don't feel like it would help getting misbehaving bots to slow down. You can't wait to renew, or someone who's willing to pay the price will steal your domain. Can you elaborate on this? If someone pwned my container and is able to execute commands, what does it change whether they get to use a text editor? Otherwise, what does it change whether unused programs are around? I am also surprised by how much this seems to be an answer to that movement, yet it comes a year after this apparent deadlock and all this fighting. Agreed, this is really far from technical debt. It's self-contained, the purpose of the function is clear. Add a comment or two, a unit test, and this is perfect. What I would call technical debt is if he had inlined those tricks all over his code, making it very hard to debug a wrong result or move away from this technique. It's even more puzzling since those quotes are not required in JavaScript... Also the Steam Linux client. If seen whiteboards used for this, by people not knowledgeable enough to setup something like Doc (or rather, not organized enough to set it up in advance). Then someone snaps a picture and sends it around. My experience is quite different. I am experiencing a 500 error on every push to the container registry in my project, I contacted GitLab support over two weeks ago, and the person has clearly no idea how to debug this (and seems very unfamiliar with GitLab, for example couldn't find the web page for my container registry from my Docker image name, e.g. registry.gitlab.com/my/project -> gitlab.com/my/project/container_registry). Very disappointed. This reads like a complete 180 on the previous policy. It's very far from a "change of wording". Don't get me wrong, I welcome it, and if the most we can get I feel like it is acceptable. However calling it a "change of wording" is a bit dishonest, really you reverted it completely in response to the negative feedback. Be careful that some of those files explicitly include others. For example my (default) ~/.profile includes ~/.bashrc, my ~/.bash_profile includes ~/.profile, /etc/profile includes /etc/bash.bashrc... So your capture here doesn't show only the files that bash itself decided to load. You also won't see the fallback files (e.g. bash will open .profile if .bash_profile doesn't exist). If you're using the Docker image (grafana/grafana), GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED=true > there are None jobs ahead of yours... Sounds like I'll be getting it soon then :) If you crawl a package repository such as PyPI, you will find a lot of that same stuff in packages as well. Which is even weirder because those are created from a setup.py which does not have a `git add .` equivalent. People are not good at building clean archives. Isn't that what GVFS is? https://github.com/Microsoft/VFSForGit I'm not totally sure what the point of this is. This is advertised as exit codes "for humans and machines", however * humans will always get way more information from a readable error message printed to stderr before exiting * machines do not care about error details from third-party tools, apart from whether they are an input error (which can be blamed on the user, if they provided said input) or an internal error (including usage error) which is a bug and should be fixed by the calling program's developer Indeed, the README has a lot of examples of using it in your child program, to report error, but no example of a parent program dealing with the reported error. I take "aujourd'hui" to mean "today" and "au jour d'aujourd'hui" to mean "to this day", which is not the same. And the famous "Qu'est-ce que c'est que cette chose là ?", meaning "what is this thing", but literally "what is this that this is that this thing there?" I understand it to be slightly different, but I am not trying to argue for its use. The problem is that we are considering an issue where different people can get different objects for the same hash. If the people checking all see the valid files, they cannot raise any alarms to save the poor victims who got poisoned with the wrong objects. They'll clone from the wrong fork, and no amount of checking hashes or signed tags will prevent them from running compromised code. If this is your threat model, you don't need hashes or signed tags at all. Good for you. Thankfully both Fossil and Git disagree with you and take the threat seriously :) EarthArXiv's statement might bring some additional context: https://eartharxiv.github.io/cos.html But there already are tags for the bookmarks, which do not need to be created beforehand... > Why is all stable software technology old, and all recent technology fragile? Sounds like survival bias https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias I don't want to be overly simplistic, but the fact that this isn't even considered is a problem. Sure, some C89 and FORTRAN-77 code persists today, but how much has been lost/discarded? I'm sure we can find plenty of code written for non-standard C compilers that you couldn't even attempt to run today. It is likely that 100 years for now, running Python 2 code will be easier than running some (most?) proprietary toolkits used in the 90s (the ones he didn't mention). Could we get a winner according to some source? It's not like it matters a whole lot. Going by issuance date is probably good enough for most readers, but I have no idea how to go about finding that. crt.sh actually has their postgres database open to the public! You can connect with: psql -h crt.sh -p 5432 -U guest certwatch From what you're saying, the query would be: SELECT c.ID FROM certificate c WHERE (c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 16418 OR c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 7395) AND NOT x509_hasExtension(c.CERTIFICATE, '1.3.6.1.4.1.11129.2.4.3') OFFSET 1000000000 LIMIT 1; Unfortunately (but expectedly) it times out Also, how much resource does a 0-node cluster actually use on the control plane? GitHub is not open-source, though alternatives like GitLab and Gitea are. Are there JavaScript libraries that can keep the presentation in sync with the presenter? (or show some indication of the current slide) At a high level, if we assume a majority of people are following along and you chose a font size that works for them, having to turn the pages seems like a net negative, a return to printed presentations before video projectors were common in conference rooms. You can see which package depends on which package, if that dependency is declared in the package's metadata. But nothing at the file level. It seems to me that you have found two problems. I considered doing that, but decided against it because domain names are rented and not permanently yours. If I ever stop paying, make a mistake, or pass away, anyone can grab it and password-recover their way in all my accounts... I'm not sure if it's a good trade-off... The thread is 1 hour old. Or we could stop publishing/upvoting Medium posts... Doesn't the lock file lock exact versions? I actually always use the second one but with just `if ENV`, to catch the case where the variable is set but empty, which happens a lot in practice with Docker&co. async-std, their main competitor, is 1.5.0 Is this visible to other users anywhere? This seems like another group standing up against semver. Nothing in that post is specific to Docker. Also Git provides a `git describe` command, that builds a short identifier including a incrementing number and the commit hash (as well as the last tag). It's standard enough and used by a lot of people (e.g. Linux distros). It has the benefit of being instantly parsable by Git. What's wrong with that? Yeah this was brought up before. Obviously if that worked, that's the method Jitsi/Zoom/OBS would use. From previous thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22830968 You assume that every terrorist (or most terrorists) acts rationally and has the knowledge you know. That is a huge assumption for your reasoning to work. I think terrorists make mistakes (or take risks), and I'm not convinced that we catch all of those either. Once again, that is just your opinion, presented as fact. Personally I would argue that people acting rationally stay away from the terrorism business. Or use cookies, a token in the URL, or any of the existing CSRF mitigation strategies. This is not a new problem. Sensitive and destructive HTTP endpoints open to third-party origins is a bug with many existing solutions. So much work was put into the design of HTTP and Websockets in particular to avoid so many problems. Like how Websockets were made incapable to talk to any non-websocket TCP endpoint, to avoid exactly this class of attack where your browser would connect to your local SSH, FTP, ... server. There is a built-in Origin validation mechanism, and every websocket connection is going to come with its Origin and Cookies clearly marked. The browser will even disallow cross-origin requests that can modify data (e.g. non-GET) by default. If you go out of your way to build something like Webpack's websocket endpoint and forget to validate anything, it seems a bit dishonest to blame this on "security of the Web". Will you? https://github.com/kotartemiy/newscatcher/issues/3 Except it wasn't, os.O_WRONLY is for os.open() (equivalent of open syscall, takes numeric flags), not the built-in open() (equivalent of C fopen, takes "w" and similar strings). The entire argument seems to be around how painful and pointless it is to teach kids syntax. However most of the tools and courses I have seen that introduce programming to kids do away with syntax, by using visual programming and similar. Does the author think no improvement was done to programming tutorials in the last 40 years? Constantine Shulyupin, https://github.com/makelinux/linux_kernel_map My problem with this is the same as every other such systems: changes are tracked at the cell or row level, and not transaction level. So if I issue a SQL query fixing a column, for example changing 'na' values to NULL, and someone simultaneously makes changes that make a cell 'na', after a merge those cells will still be 'na'. So in reality, every time I merge something I need to go over and manually re-apply my bulk queries if needed. While the UX is much better than putting CSV files in Git, Dolt does not have a better understanding of data than Git, and does not help with common data transformations either. Nitpick, but if you're going to cite a DOI, you might as well use the canonical URL: https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.75.2.318 The fact that they tend to love their own children (which is not a specifically female or motherly trait?) has little to do with whether the life they want for themselves is one of caring for 12 of them. So will Git. My problem is if that specific cell was not 'na' when the batch change was applied. In that case, there is no conflict. If those were SQL transaction, one would abort and re-try, giving you the correct result. Even when using a transaction model as simple as Redis, you would get a conflict if you issued the correct `WATCH` statements. I can tell that so much effort went into this video, with so much explanations and those impressive animations, but then the sound was set to -18dB on export, making it barely audible. Oops! Sorry about the late comment (hackernewsletter) but I found the pricing page a bit confusing, since you mention both "one-time payment" and license valid for one year". Do I have to pay every year to keep using the app? Detecting and fixing problems after your app has been deployed is NO WHERE NEAR as good as avoiding problems. Not depending on thousands of packages from thousand of strangers is about avoiding problems. Auditing detect issues in published packages. You can't know ahead of time in your CI that an issue is going to be found in that package. Previous sentence in this paragraph: > By leveraging ownership and type checking, __many__ concurrency errors are compile-time errors in Rust rather than runtime errors. I am not very versed in those legal matters but I imagine there is a whole spectrum between Facebook (where all your content is personal and you should be able to take it out as needed) and Stack Overflow or Wikipedia (where taking out answered questions or articles when an author wants it doesn't make sense). I wonder how this is regulated, especially in regions with "strong" right to be forgotten e.g. Europe. More than once I have stumbled on deleted Reddit comments that looked to have something I was looking for. Maybe it's good that the right type of content is posted in places with the right kind of deletion rules, but this should definitely be advertised clearly (so people don't start Q/A type subreddits, and conversely don't post personal info on HN). > things that are not open source are rarely not well written I think you got lost in your triple negative there `List` usually refers to a linked list or similar. Vec has the important feature that it encapsulate a contiguous array, which matters in a languages like Rust. As you say, it would probably not work on foreign governments, but would be very effective on the general population. They could have used that to cause political turmoil (hopefully not enough to change something like elections results?) or influence stock prices etc. This just looks so uninspired... Where did you opt-in? I wasn't asked before it showed up, and then I disabled it through the "Settings > Profile > Profile Settings" page. An array of references. Plus, Python has no way to consume a contiguous array directly. If you do interoperate through FFI with code in C or similar, you will have to reach for numpy arrays, which are the typed, contiguous arrays of Python. I've just been using this function in my bashrc: kubea(){ if [ "$#" = 1 ]; then KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/configs/"$1" else ls -1 ~/.kube/configs/ fi } That way I can "activate" a specific config the same way I activate my Python virtualenv, for a specific terminal. I also add the basename of the config to my prompt. kubea myproject-PROD So you're not interested in helping in the study at all, you just want the vaccine in advance. It's funny, I used to have something exactly like this, but found that too many other tools and scripts also needed to access the right cluster. Persistent state works better for me in practice. Cool name. What is it? This entire website only has those two inspirational sentences and a mission statement. I had a recurring donation until they decided to take a step that was obviously going to get them sued. I support IA's mission and products, but won't throw money in legal proceedings they set themselves to lose; I feel like this is better spent on EFF etc who are serious about it. I object to modern intellectual property and publishing practices as much as anyone, but what did they expect would happen when they dropped their entire legal justification? I knew that! And I have no problem with it, since EFF are upfront about what the money is for (and are probably better/more rational about the battles they pick) So they did! However I can expect that if the odds turn bad, they won't waste money grasping at straws. If IA decides to pull another similar stunt, EFF probably won't defend them there. More importantly, I am not enabling those stunts with my support and my money, at least until this one is resolved. Of course I do hope EFF gets them acquited somehow, but I don't like those odds (and they probably didn't either and charged ahead regardless, which is my problem). I would love to "split the halves" like you said, and would if I had any assurance that the half they get supports things like the WayBack machine. However for all I know, they'll just use it to make the whole Netflix catalogue available for free next month. I guess what I'm trying to say is that their management lost my trust. Quantum Chess is different, it allows players to move a piece twice in the same turn (in sequence) at the cost of a 50% chance of not moving at all. This is different from issuing multiple different moves in one turn. If you just need to send the request, not read the content in full, that can be done by one free-tier cloud VM. Can the CSS be fixed so that the right side of the text fit in the window? https://imgur.com/a/hnRpLZH No offense but this just won't sell. Unless you have a truly novel and amazing mechanic, this is just another TD game like the hundreds available for free anywhere (thousands on itch.io). Spending on art is not a nice-to-have here, it's a real requirement for people to take you seriously (though it might not be enough to get them to spend money). This video/screenshot won't get anyone to stop scrolling past, whatever the quality of the product. I was thinking this. The canvas tag displays its contents if the canvas API is not supported, while the script tag is ignored. This means the browser still has to know about the tag to be able to not-implement it the right way. Is there even a good offline version of this? There are some opensource tools for speed-to-text but what about batch processing of audio files? "MP3 to Text" seems very inaccurate since you can only upload video files. In fact uploading an .mp3 file shows "File type not supported". edit: I get it, OP just keeps submitting his service with different descriptions until one gets some upvotes. Only took 25 tries to get 30 points. Shameful. Apparently you're limited to 50 MB for free, which is pretty short if you can't send audio files but only videos. Wow this is exactly what I had in mind for "opensource tools for speed-to-text". I didn't know it did this too. Thanks a lot! Google Cloud offers 1 free always-on f1-micro VM. The problem that I see, the difference between software and other engineering domains is this: it is easy to re-purpose software. Macbooks and programs like scikit-learn are not inherently dangerous or bad, but once that's available to everybody it's easy for one individual (not even with engineering background) to make a harmful piece of software. It only take one person with evil intentions to build a racist prediction algorithm for their insurance company and affect millions, where it takes dozens of engineers to build a bomb or a border wall and harm thousands. The idea that engineers could unionize and refuse to build facial recognition while continuing to develop self-driving car building blocks seems unworkable in practice. Unless we lock all the open-source ML code and only let people access it after taking some kind of pledge? And the selling point of structured logging is that's it's more friendly for computers to consume. "Structured logging for humans" sounds like unstructured logging... PWA refers to the client-side app only. They are not related. It's not even that, why does this headline deserve to stick out from others on the HN front page? What's the next step, make your title bold or twenty lines long for an unfair click advantage? > 𝐀𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐞𝐱𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 I'd rather see submissions stand out for their content. I'm not blaming the HN submitter, but you can also see how bloggers can easily abuse this if whatever unicode characters they put in their title are allowed in the HN submission on the grounds of "it's a direct copy/paste". Personally the complete removal of bookmark keywords (like search keywords but syncs across devices) makes me want to abandon ship. The fact that all telemetry/privacy settings were reset doesn't help... "Content provider" usually refers to people making that content (e.g. individual users of YouTube or Facebook). Maybe "platform" or "service provider" is more appropriate? This is not what people write in Python or PHP, but this is what people write in C extensions for Python or PHP. Having your JIT be that fast allows you to forego those extensions and write the low-level hot loops in the same language, and that's a huge improvement. You usually don't care how your matrix multiplication/regex matching/unicode normalization/JSON parsing is implemented, but people had to make those, and they are users of the language too. Even though it might not change the bottom-line for your high-level app. Why would I use this instead of my browser's bookmarks, which have tags, folders, and search, and are less likely to be discontinued by the product storing them? Unusual? Reddit and Twitter have it, GitHub/GitLab have anchors too, which platform lacks comment links? This has to be a new all-time low in website layout. `max-width:460px` means that it uses less that 24% of my screen space, on my laptop . I have to scroll through 3 pages of 12-point, 10-word wide text. I heard the arguments for 80-column code but 80-column websites? If this is their idea of a "web book" feel, it would be a book held 4 feet from your face. I read the whole README but have no idea what this does. Is it letting you know when you change files that have had a large number of bug fixes recently? With the assumption that a code location that was recently fixed is likely to have more bugs? Wouldn't the fact that a location was fixed recently imply that it now has fewer bugs? And wouldn't a location that hasn't been touched recently be likely to be problematic? Are you sure it's not discovering bad developers? Maybe critical areas, e.g. that have the same amount of bugs as the rest but are complained about more? (since the algorithm can only consider bugs that have been reported, so biased to areas important to users) Or maybe that are prioritized by management? (since it considers fixed bugs, so bias towards bugs that were fixed first) Hopefully an increased scrutiny on new patches to those areas leads to fewer bugs getting in which breaks the feedback loop, but if bugs are fixed in separate commit this sounds like it could have negative effects (specific developers/areas getting all the attention, leading to the discovery of more bugs/nitpicks there, reinforcing the bias...). I feel like the "skills" vocabulary should probably be more controlled. This will help a lot with search in the future. I'm thinking things like "programming", "programming/Python", "programming/JavaScript", "design", "localization/French". "main" might be an okay default, it's non-descriptive enough to work in many situation, but if you're making the effort of renaming it why not use a more explicit name? * If "master" is the current stable version with development happening in feature branches, why not use "stable" or "production"? * If "master" is the next version under development which will be released when deemed stable enough, why not use "devel" or "next"? As a non-LD person, I've been very disappointed by the JSON-LD stuff when I tried to use it recently. I thought the point was to be able to "enrich" your API by adding a context and not changing your JSON responses, but in practice: * There is no way to update your context without breaking your JSON-LD-aware consumers (one term in your JSON can't link to two IRIs, so you can have it expand to the new term or the old one, not both) * There is no way to "expand" values to IRIs, the context only does it for keys, so if your JSON contains `{"personRole": "manager"}` you can 't expand it to `{" http://myschema.org/personRole" : " http://myschema.org/manager"}` , you actually need that second IRI in your JSON Really it's a great way to represent linked data, but there were plenty of options already. I wish it bridged the gap with JSON APIs instead of merely looking like JSON. Getting "404 not found" for any video result e.g. https://cdn.iiit.ac.in/cdn/bhaasha.iiit.ac.in/lipsync/static... So why do we need it? I assumed the title referred to a dev team that deals with data, not a dev team led by using data. Why not use the title from the article, "How to run a data-driven dev team without being a performance tyrant"? This should probably get tagged [2013] or something, there are now built-in options into most platforms (at least Android, iOS, Plasma). How does that work? Do you have to set a clock in your monitor or does it use some sort of ambient light sensor? What's frustrating is that mapping to multiple terms was almost included: https://github.com/json-ld/json-ld.org/issues/142 I didn't know about JSON:API, thanks for the pointer. It seems to tighten the JSON responses a bit, but doesn't address linking or extending vocabularies though. A lot of languages still haven't. A problem here is that this can't be solved by the package manager alone but needs support in the module loader too (often built into the language). Python's PIP is getting a proper dependency solver, but there can still only be one package with a given name in an environment. So if package A needs numpy>=2 and package B needs numpy If you release a new major version of your package and you expect this will be a problem for people, you have to use a different package name (e.g. beautifulsoup4, jinja2). That is if the name for the next version isn't getting squatted on pypi.org. That doesn't seem to be the case: > Let’s Encrypt is a CA. > We recommend that most people with shell access use the Certbot ACME client. Referring to "one lab of the US Department of Energy" as "America" is pushing it a little bit. One of those is a whole continent. This is arguing that Docker is "harmful" because the components it builds on existed before. That makes no sense at all. Only when I got to the 5th section did it make some sort of argument, which ended up being about Docker not using an init system to manage daemons, and the usual problem this brings to badly-written images (process reaping). Ignoring the fact that plenty of daemon managers exist, and are used both with and without Docker, like supervisord. Don't contributors retain the rights on their contributions in most cases? I see nothing about contributor agreements or copyright assignment in Caddy's repo. Adding complexity you don't need is a bad thing, but the alternative presented is what exactly? Build packages of my software for each distribution my customers use, and tell them to write custom scripts that will bootstrap chroots on each production machine, install the software in there with the distro's package manager, then set up systemd unit files that will run those with systemd-nspawn? You also have to own a Mac and either an Apple Watch or iPhone to enable two-step verification. Yep. I looked into paying the $99/year last year to get my open-source app to open on double-click (rather than right click > open > yes I understand it's not verified). Couldn't proceed without an iPhone. You mean that from a remote place or fast-moving ship, the time on Earth would appear to go at a different speed? So local time would not just have a constant offset? You would want some global reference time, and that could be a number of seconds passing on Earth. However locally you can't work with a clock that doesn't tick at a constant rate (if seconds on your spaceship go twice as fast, the crew can work with that; if the rate changes day-to-day as you accelerate, that's a problem). In addition, you will probably want clocks that run at a given perceived speed, to time physical processes that take the same time everywhere (e.g. so your cookie recipe saying "bake for 600 seconds" work without translation). You can't do math on that directly though. You'd still need to convert them to a common reference frame for comparison. "Made-up difficulty of showing text" They are unsupported by the PSF, but still supported by Linux distributions. For example Ubuntu 16.04 uses Python 3.5 and is still supported until April 2021 (security updates until April 2024). Your post got me intrigued, but I couldn't get any multiplayer to work. Does it only work when signed in? I think it is cool to offer some functionality to guest users, however they should make it clearer what the limitations are so that people evaluating it get a good sense for the features. I even created an account, which changed my repl to "anyone can edit" to "forks on edit" apparently? But still no multiplayer? Well it looks down now. That's my experience as well. It will only recommend videos that I assume are popular globally, and old videos from channel I've watched in the past (including videos I've already watched), until I watch enough of something new and it suddenly switches to only recommending that. There's gotta be some middle ground... I don't understand how the recommendation algorithm seems so brittle, given that advertising is their core business, and that I am manually doing so much of the work by subscribing to channels I enjoy. A simple feed of recent updates from channels I subscribe to would be an improvement; in fact I think I mostly find videos to watch from Twitter. You should keep track of it in the way you want to present it, which in this case is probably the line and column numbers. I don't think it's much different in C++ and Rust. The size doesn't matter if you're using an iterator and throwing the tokens away, only storing/presenting them if there's an error. Computing the position might have some overhead, but it's probably better than going over the whole file from the top when you want to turn that pointer into line/column numbers. As for the content, in Rust this would be in your token structure (or rather in Rust your Token::StringLiteral enum variant), storing start/end pointers for each token seems weird to me. [edit: Rustc uses byte indexes though, so my intuition might have missed something important for the design of larger compilers: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/7bdb5dee7bac15458b10b... ] The recent Firefox Android change ("upgrade") added "bookmark collections" whatever those are, so hopefully some work is being done on that front? Codepoints do not match characters. You only need to deal with codepoints to tokenize, but to find the column you need to count characters, which require a unicode database. I think this is what the parent was referring to, though I suspect a lot of compilers simply ignore this issue. B+tree is a B-tree with no data except at the leaves, and with sibling leaves linked. You can set up your own Mastodon or Matrix server and send messages, I am not sure which federation you're thinking of that requires "registration". The way the impersonation problem is dealt with in ActivityPub is very similar to DKIM in the SMTP world: the sender uses a cryptographic signature (HTTP signature) to prove that he is allowed to send messages from that actor. Of course this doesn't prevent someone from sending spam from their domain, in either case. This sounds like watchpoints which can be used both for loops and (tail-)recursive functions. The Disqus WordPress plugin has been hacked. The "central authority" is the working group which authors the protocol specs, similar to how a federation of states' central authority would edict laws. There is actually some debate as to whether it's really a federation if the central authority can override member states (as per https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federation ) The objection seems to be that there is no word to spread. Only a link to a registration page. That is probably the page where the words should be... Can someone share links to rooms on fossnode.org? So people can join from their existing accounts? [edit] Or enable the public room list? You guessed right, the GitHub repositories only include the code, and the README mentions (emphasis mine): > All code is under the GPL Version 3 license. And the linked page: > Very important note: This doesn’t mean that the game is suddenly free. It just means that people are free to use the source however they want as long as they adhere to the GPL3 licence. The game and all of its content is still owned by Frictional Games. Just like before. I have a slight stutter if I don't pay attention and slow myself down. Feels like I'm trying to speak faster than I can articulate the words. Interestingly that only happens in my natural language. I have been living in the US for 8 years and that hasn't been a problem when I speak English. I remember this being considered by CloudFlare (to replace CAPTCHAs for Tor users) but they ultimately went with a different approach that make CAPTCHAS anonymous (while still intending them for humans). https://blog.cloudflare.com/the-trouble-with-tor/#clientside... I see "Shipping: C $89.99 (approx. US $67.34) Standard Int'l Shipping" Trying to list rooms still gives me a 403 error. I hate to say it, but why use a decentralized chat app if you're building a silo? You can always truncate the content of the feed to have people visit. For smaller sites which don't have new content every day, an RSS feed means I'll come back, no feed means I'll probably forget about it and never come back at all. Layout is actually difficult and offers a great many interesting problems when you try to parallelize it or efficiently use GPU acceleration. There are a lot of constraints and text is difficult to size and render. The JVM actually had a lot of features that are slowly appearing in JavaScript. Standard bytecode format (like WebAssembly), security/authentication (origin, content security policy)... One day JS engines will add cryptographic signatures to replace the complex origin rules and they will unify the WebAssembly workflow with the JavaScript code pipeline and we'll have a full JVM again. People rarely go out of their way to put in positive review (or at least neutral reviews, "works as expected"). The current cheats implemented by apps probably affect the ratio of positive reviews per user a lot, making it indicative only of how effective the cheat is, and not the quality of the app. I wonder if you could get away with only negative reviews? Would a "negative review per total install" metric be worse than "positive reviews per review" (e.g. current ratings)? Isn't that the UNIX philosophy, just developed further? Do one thing and easily compose, applied to hosts? I don't think Gitter development was very active, before or after their acquisition by GitLab. It has been pretty much the same since 2016. It being folded into another tool felt inevitable to me. How is this data collected? I can see how they would be able to get statistics from clients hitting CloudFlare servers, but how can they report on the traffic hitting google.com or microsoft.com? Kubernetes is pretty simple, compared to some of those. The "master" servers read from Etcd and talk to daemons on the worker servers (Kubelet) to start/stop Docker containers, or to cloud APIs to manipulate volumes and network configuration. Then there's just a web server to answer API requests to read/write Etcd. There are some components running on top of this to provide networking, DNS, logging, etc, which simply run as containers on all machines. Of course there are many types of objects, many possible addons for logging/network/..., and the API authentication is quite complex, but the overall concept is quite simple and builds directly on Etcd. They can tell bots and DoS traffic from the DNS request? Aren't a lot of vaccines already required by law in a lot of countries? Why is this a bad thing, especially when faced with a global pandemic? [edit: Actually clicked on the link now. I can see what Anti-vaxxers cranks would have against it, though of course I don't think those should be paid any heed.] A problem with most commands is that they usually don't need extremely-unfortunate typos or russian-roulette-enabled shells to turn into something wrong: they are usually wrong in passing , while you're typing them. I always wondered if something could be done against the effects of an accidental premature return. Some of us have cats... `sudo rm -rf /tmp/workdir` starts with `sudo rm -rf /` `git reset libs` starts with `git reset` which will wipe your staging area `docker-compose rm -f db` starts with `docker-compose rm -f` which will remove all stopped containers (and their logs) Most commands just tend to do something very broad with no arguments, and the fact that paths start with bigger folders and go down to files doesn't help either. No GUI tool would ask you to confirm before you type in the path, the way shell commands tend to. So should good-faith participants just forget about getting their shirt, since people are welcome to open PRs against their own repos and grab the 70k allocated shirts? The limit on the number of shirts might be the issue. Did you consider removing the speed component of this? > This year, the first 70,000 participants who successfully complete the challenge will be eligible to receive a prize. How about choosing 70,000 participants at random? Or any other criterion that doesn't encourage quick content-less contributions? You can temporarily prevent non-collaborators from opening PRs via settings>moderation>interaction limits. However I agree, it is strange that you can disable features like issues but not PRs. If applications are distributed by the same people, at the same frequency, linked against the same versions of the dependencies, why have two distribution mechanisms at all? What you're describing sounds like it could be a separate APT channel ("backports", "non-free", "edge", hell call it "flatpak" if you want) but doesn't need another package manager and package format. A lot of languages like Rust and Go (but also C++) mostly do static linking. There is also nothing preventing you from installing multiple importable modules, or module names already used by somebody else, etc. It is really a behavior that most people would describe as "broken" if there wasn't a need to keep supporting the legacy of existing packages. Is it, though? If the instructions in your "How to start?" section don't work, that feels more like a bug. I went through all the exercises and didn't find a point where this was relevant. Currently, the initial HEAD actually contains the solution for a future exercise. It was also created by a different user than the rest of the exercises. Maybe the detached HEAD should contain a README with instructions like "You are in detached HEAD mode, reach the master branch to continue" If your screen is too wide to read websites comfortably, why don't you resize your browser? What is the point of buying a bigger monitor if you're still going to full-screen your browser to the point you can't read anymore? Isn't the point of bigger monitors to show more things at once? Agreed. On the other hand, it probably could have done without the sound. I'm not trying to tell you what to do. But if YOU make your browser wider than YOU can comfortably read, why do you expect ME the developer to do something with CSS to deal with it? That is the way your preferences affect me. Is there any async/promise support yet? Can I get a promise for the result of a task and await it, rather than block or poll? You seem to be using HTTP but removing the "web" and TCP part of this. If this is meant as an API framework for making signed, replicable requests & responses, why involve HTTP at all? In particular, you probably do NOT want to be serving GET requests over this slow, inefficient transport at all, it would be much more appropriate for the state to be published to the chain (that's what blockchains are for...) and have clients read from there rather than issue duplicate idempotent requests. I don't know, that seems to match real-world policies, where there are unemployment aids but they're usually contingent on you being employed some of the time (e.g. runs out if you haven't been employed in X months). Oh I see. Then we are agreeing :) Yes, and there's also the possibility of over-fitting, finding a local minimum, or the population size being too small... That's probably right. A quick internet search shows up domains like applecoronavirus.com and similar, as well as this court case [1] where they acquired a bunch of ipod related names. I suspect they are only parking those names after recovering them or buying them preemptively. Domain names are cheap, so why not. I don't think that's any argument for the possession of the /8 though. I remember Google had ownership of duck.com until recently, so they probably participate in the wholesale acquisition of random domains as well [2]. [1]: https://techcrunch.com/2010/01/07/apple-domain-names/ [2]: https://www.theverge.com/2018/12/12/18137369/duckduckgo-duck... In this case it looks like a lot of them don't have A records at all. If you're bringing in those buckets, you are already in the slippery slope bringing you to the current system. Why not a bucket for people who visit the site often? A bucket for people using advanced site feature A, feature B? A bucket for people who subscribe to /r/teen? It's in a list of annoyances, together with 16 others. I don't think anyone is being "a religious extremist about" it... Honestly it still seems like a lot this way. If those platform crates are just backends for libc (or similar to libc), why aren't they all folded in a single project? Having them as separate crates open the gate for supply-chain attacks without really allowing greater control or expressiveness. You are always going to pull all of them in, you are unlikely to ever use them directly, and they have no more impact on compilation than features. Having to use proc-macro2+quote+syn for macros feels wrong, considering it's a language feature. Having to pull in 4 crates for pinning also seems wrong. This could easily be a single utility crate, and if you really need all this cruft to use Pin (a language feature) most of this should probably be in std. The async I/O feels like definite bloat. Not only is that a lot of futures-* crates, but I know from first-hand experience that those tend to implement multiple versions of some primitives (like streams) that are incompatible. Fair enough. Although if that site is Reddit, that includes a lot of information about my preferences for many things. They can perform experiments to validate the more generic result: the relation between the speed of sound and the mass of the atoms. The specific result about solid hydrogen will still be an extrapolation though. You can do the opposite, include your message (or a digest of it) in a medium that is hard to alter, for example a newspaper, notaries, Twitter, a blockchain, etc (or preferably a combination of those). Some of those solutions don't prevent you from publishing multiple versions of the message and only revealing one however. On the other hand if you're trying to show that you did something (not just authored a message) at a given time, it's a bit harder, because you can always notarize the video long after it has been recorded. The best way to deal with this one (in the absence of trusted parties that might attend in-person) might be to do it in a public place e.g. in the library while a specific event is happening, on the street while some specific work is being done, in front of a newspaper stand in a shop etc. However I can see any of those faked using video editing. For that you use the other trick OP already knows to prove a lower bound, e.g. showing a newspaper or announcing a recent blockchain hash in the video (or include it in the other hash's computation). "destroy free speech" You will find that Holocaust denying specifically has been banned by law from a number of European countries for a very long time. And free speech is still doing just fine. This might not be the slippery slope you believe it is. Does free speech really apply to proprietary platforms in the first place? You are not prevented from saying whatever you want to whomever you want, you just can't broadcast it throughout their platform. You will not face legal sanction, only have your content be removed from the proprietary platform by the platform's owner. I'm seeing people complaining that they should be able to run their platform however they want and promote/ban whatever they want because of their freedom of speech. And then later I see people arguing that you shouldn't ban anything from your platform because freedom of speech. Hopefully those are distinct groups, but I can't shake the feeling that "freedom of speech" is mostly use dishonestly to try to justify one's actions no matter which direction they go.