What about Atom? Isn't it better than RSS? "The compiler did not have a bug. The compiler never had a bug. The bug was always in the programmer's code and usually in their understanding of the language... It was caused by a misunderstanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions were automatically promoted..." - I'd say the bug is neither in the compiler nor in their understanding of the language but in the language itself then. Why on Earth do we need a language that we can't use safely without "understanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions are automatically promoted"? IMHO the number-one principle to be followed in every sane language design is the "principle of least surprise" (POLA). If the language can surprise you easily and lets you write weird code that is going to work a way different from what one will probably assume intuitively - that's a language made wrong. Who needs Google when thee is DuckDuckGo anyway? Switched to DuckDuckGo (after getting mad of Google demanding me to solve captchas all the time) about a year ago... 100% satisfied. Whether it's about a student loan or some other kind ow loan, how exactly are people supposed to pay with their professional licenses suspended? Isn't this policy purely nonsensical? Doesn't suspending such a license in such a case mean preventing the person from ever repaying the debt actually? Isn't it in the best interests of a creditor to help their debtors earn money rather than to prevent them from earning? Thanks. This way it makes at least some sense. But isn't it a way too brutal and still a way irrational from the society point of view? Effectively ridding a skilled person of a life, setting them broke and probably homeless as the result at the same time while funding other peoples welfare and undertaking all kinds of efforts to solve homelessness and joblessness problems on the other hand? I believe that legal barriers restricting qualified people's working rights are the next big thing ought to be abolished after slavery has been. Hopefully in future every person that actually can and wants to do a job will be legally allowed to apply, no matter what. Are current Intel GPUs really this bad? What are the app stores other than Apple? I didn't know they can block an app from Google Play for a particular country. Used to think it's an Apple-specific antifeature. The whole phenomenon of sugar and fructose being added to virtually everything is beyond comprehension. There are so many people, fat and slim, saying they don't want to be fat, yet eating foods with added sugar every day. Why not just replace all the added sugar with erythritol, for example? The whole situation with sugar reminds me of the situation with opium in early 19th century China How are these compared to Purism? I have always been curious if all the people saying they don't like 3D actually experience the discomfort they describe or just want to look fancy like old wine geeks. I myself have watched just 2 movies in 3D: Avatar and Resident Evil: Afterlife - both of them looked visually awesome and caused absolutely no discomfort to me. I would certainly love to watch Interstellar and Blade Runner 2049 in 3D, that's a huge pity that's not possible. IMHO all the people who claim having intelligence and education sufficient for a finance job should be able to use at least basic SQL and/or R and/or Q to work with up-to-date information straight from the databases without importing it to a spreadsheet first. Perhaps I am terribly wrong but my intuition suggests entrusting a company finance to a person unable to learn some SQL/R may happen to be a questionable idea. "Everyone talks about trying to create a new type of programming environment, something intuitive and visual and that lets you think in new and creative ways. Excel is exactly that" - yes, it is, except it is a way too old already though all the notable competitors seem dedicating all the efforts to reproducing its legacy as closely as possible. I'd love to see an attempt to design a brand-new spreadsheet from scratch, built around a modern programming language (like Python instead of fossil VBA), modern practical file formats (like HDF5 and SQLite instead of obscure and clumsy xls, xlsx and ods) and all the experience and advances in the UX science accumulated during the recent years. Good news are some projects are heading this way already, e.g. pyspread and jamovi (they can hardly be taketn too serious at this moment but at least they illustrate there are people that see the problems of "classic" spreadhseets and have viable ideas on solving them). Hasn't the world just agreed on migrating to USB-C for everything? > How do you mean it's "way too old already" I mean many obvious ways it can be improved have been discovered during the time passed. Although it obviously makes no sense to give up the whole thing just because it has been introduced long ago it still is not a bad idea to consider minor and major improvements or even rethinking the whole idea occasionally. We could still be using good old typewriters/teletypes if the fact they worked was stopping us from thinking about inventing tools to do the same job with less labour and more fun. Although the idea sounds intriguing for numeric data processing, the site looks suspicious and the article won't open. > Get the following datapoints from any IP address; Again :-( I just wonder if people will ever stop making assumptions about others given their IP address or hair colours and divide the Internet on these slippery grounds. The only legitimate and valid way to determine the client's location automatically is the browser or the OS geolocation API, and for the language it is the HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE header. The fact I have contacted your server from an IP address assigned to a Chinese ISP neither means I'm in China nor that I speak Chinese. Both of these are redundant as long as there is the country code already included in the API response object. If the geolocation api doesn't give anything - that probably means the user has chosen to configure it this way because they don't want to share their location. You should probably ask them in case you actually need to know where they are. If there isn't one (which is rather improbable - AFAIK all the browsers have it set by default), then it should be either English or both English and the language assumed given the IP address. This can be considered a reasonable way when it's about statistics rather than about an individual user experience. Usually right because people from these countries are trying to evade location-based discrimination and privacy infringement Hackers should really be writing more books for kinds. Not only about programming but about "life, the universe and everything" too - I wish there were an introduction into understanding myself, life, the society and other stuff written by a likely-minded person available to read when I was a kid. By the way, it would be nice to also include ISO 3166-2 state code (e.g. US-AL for Alabama, AU-TAS for Tasmania, TZ-26 for Manyara etc). I have once heard a beautiful song in a local swimming pool. I've shazamed and googled it just to find the only place it was available from being Audiosparx - a site I've never heard about before that time, seeming kind of an "audio clip-art" store, titled as "commercial music for video, TV, film and media". Great news! Could someone also introduce some legislation to neutralise FCC's requirement for WiFi router manufacturers to block custom firmwares plese? Doesn't he have a tech advisor of a sort who could possibly explain him the thing so he won't make comments this funny? Wow! So dark... I have always believed ALL the BlueTooth connections are encrypted strongly too. And this is why I thought BlueTooth keyboards are safe while common non-BT wireless keyboards can be easily sniffed by a neighbour. Does it make sense to start learning EcmaScript today? More and more people are migrating to TypeScript as the coding language, WebAssembly has arrived to replace JavaScript as the browser native language other languages will compile to. Isn't EcmaScript going to become legacy soon? I'm actually curious, seriously, not trolling. What does "demonetization" mean anyway? It's the second time I read about "demonetization" and I still don't get it what does this mean at all. I've just went by the link (never visited that site before) and it says "THIS REQUEST HAS BEEN RATE LIMITED You're making too many requests to our servers from this computer..." immediately. No. From home. And every time I try - I see this error message only. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTk6m3U54po Content is the new oil, isn't it? A friend of mine once told me that swimming in Thames would be a serious mistake as its water is poisonous. Are the neonicotinoids the reason or are there other dangerous chemicals too? We, the people with ADHD are always annoyed by them, people writing 25-page-long articles and we are also very jealous of others capability to read them :-) What degree of privacy can it actually offer? This is amazing. IMHO Ubuntu, Elementary, OSX and other OSes that are trying to be practical, easy and pleasurable to use out of the box should offer this by default, together with tldr.sh. Really? I could never find it. Perhaps you've got an extension of a sort installed. Nice idea anyway, I'll give it a try, thanks! I doubt it sounds great but maybe the things have actually improved since the last time I've tried a text-to-speech tool. Although the article somewhat exaggerates the problem and in fact REST is great for many applications, truth is (IMHO) REST is indeed overrated and the RPC style (don't confuse it with SOAP!) is over-vilified in the IT culture. In so many (though far not in all of them) cases a concise JSON-RPC API would be a much more elegant solution than REST. I believe this is a great example of where the "right tool for the job" principle should be applied rather than a buzzword cult. Many comments here emphasize on the problem of developers expecting RPC functions to be as reliable as local functions are. Well, that's their own problem, IMHO. The only appropriate solution is to remind them they are doing it wrong, e.g. the same way REST gurus use to remind everybody they are doing REST wrong. In fact there is a huge number of "developers" around who just invoke all the file system, database and network (REST, RPC, SOAP or whatever) calls synchronously, don't validate inputs nor outputs and don't even wrap the calls in try/catch (believe me, I used to support a fairly popular API and had to explain this stuff to just soooo many people complaining about their apps hanging or panicking on occasions when our REST API quirks (e.g. a field is missing from the response) or fails). I am actually very sad IceWeasel has been discontinued. We the people really need a community-maintained reasonably up-to-date no-nonsence (without hidden extensions built-in, proprietary stuff hard-coded, legacy features (like Java plug-in - my government still requires me to use it!) force-disabled, random stuff testing etc.) version of Firefox IMHO. Perhaps. But does it incorporate the recent improvements that make Firefox fast again (this is an important part of what I mean under "reasonably up-to-date")? I don't think so. What if a person has no addiction but just enjoys a joint (or even some cocaine) on occasion, i.e. like other people can enjoy a beer or two at times without being alcoholics? Are they still going to force them through treatment or what? > How to make a political program out of anarchism? Just give up radicalizing it. Accept the society AS IS as a starting point and start stripping the state of its powers and ambitions one by one. Read through the laws, legalize everything that can be legalized fairly safely (e.g. legalize drugs but don't hurry to legalize private atomic weapons :-)) at particular stage, remove requirements that are not really necessary (e.g. repeal copyrights enforcement but keep net neutrality). It is crucial to implement this process in a mindful and responsible way, i.e. avoiding dissolution of government institutions that do an important job and have no decent private alternatives established to the moment or repealing regulations that are there to limit the powers of corporations (which will certainly seek to establish tyranny over the nation as soon as the forces binding them weaken). > We reject all societal processes that break that link — such as private property, exchange relations, division of labor, and democracy. This is a way too radical idea that can hardly be considered constructive or viable. There can be no hope for a society anything close to real to survive and prosper with no body of power over them unless all its members respect property and interests, safety and privacy, freedom and dignity of other members the way they would like others to respect those of their own. Also division of labor is an absolutely natural thing, goods and services are to be subjects of free market, it is perfectly correct for a doctor to concentrate on healing people and expect the people to care about his needs in exchange so he won't waste time e.g. cultivating foods to feed his family. The ultimate goal is not to destroy the system. It is to make every individual as free (keeping in mind that security is a precondition to freedom) as possible without infringing freedom of their neighbour, to decentralize and distribute power as uniformly as possible (while still letting and encouraging experts to make important decisions) and to establish Nash equilibrium so only minor fluctuations will occur and nobody will be able to gain enough power to become the new tyrant. The first time I've seen an ORM I was fascinated by this seemingly beautiful idea. But I have quickly realized that it's almost useless in real life projects, plain old SQL seems just much much better. Now I don't understand why would anybody use an ORM actually. Also, basic SQL can be easily taught in as little as 10 minutes (I have been initially taught it at middle school during MS Office Query, Access and VBA class). An image of a programmer that can't use SQL (I don't mean advanced cases which can indeed be a bit tricky but these are far beyond the powers of any ORMs anyway) seems really bizarre to me. Sure. I mean in all the real life projects I've seen from the inside, using ORM instead of SQL felt like roaming a forest on a gyroboard. > Traits: Extraversion, Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Stability, Openness Obviously these traits can change. Although for extraversion it is questionable (extraversion is not a merit, it's more like a gender kind of a "trait"), development of agreeableness, conscientiousness, stability and openness is what defines a character maturity of adult/adolescent person. Why eat iodized salt? Wy not just take iodine supplement or just eat kelp? Or iodize some other foods perhaps? By the way I could never understand why do people add salt to everything, I personally don't like it much. Also, isn't it supposed cause cardiovascular health issues? Seriously? Do you mean real table salt (sodium chloride) will do this or just kidding (yes, I have read, watched and played Dune, all of them)? If yes, can potassium chloride do the same? Cool info, thanks! I didn't knew taking actual iodine solution like Lugol's is safe but now I'm going to explore this (though I am still not sure it's a good idea - isn't it better to take potassium and sodium iodides and/or iodates?). BTW I have started taking 1125 mg (300% RDA) of magnesium a day about a month ago (still taking) and it has changed my life instantly: almost cured chronic fatigue, sleep disorders and a heart condition I have had since childhood (but as soon as I stop taking this much and try lower doses it comes back). I don't add any salt to my meals (I mostly cook at home and rarely eat in restaurants) because of 2 factors: 1. I don't actually want it (with some exceptions, I don't find salted foods any tastier than unsalted) 2. As a child I was taught salt is extremely bad for health. This means, provided salt is actually necessary for health, I am certainly not getting enough. At the same time I find my heart (which has always been quirky, since my very childhood) working notably better if I supplement Potassium Chloride (which tastes almost exactly the same as Sodium Chloride to me, I can hardly tell any difference in taste even if I compare pharmaceutical grade samples). So the question is: do I really need to start eating common salt (sodium chloride) or can I just supplement potassium chloride on regular basis? Does the body really need sodium or is potassium a reasonable replacement (provided I drink a good amount of water every day too)? Isn't it anti-net-neutrality? Is it ok to build it into a major browser? I actually block all the tracking, malware, ads, social networks, fraud, gambling, porn (except a couple of porn sites I like :-)) etc domains I could find information about but this is my personal conscious choice, I have manually installed extensions for this and built the lists. Shouldn't other people do the same themselves too if they choose to or leave everything as is if they don't actually feel they need to change anything? From the practical point of view, I am afraid the trackers will respond a way if such a move is made on such a global level. Nobody was fighting AdBlock+ when it was only used by geeks and now as is it has gained so much attention there are a lot of sites that won't work if you use AdBlock+. Introducing te "do-not-track" header was a great idea but it has been completely ruined by major browsers turning it on by default so the trackers have legitimately chosen to ignore it. What I am asking about is scientific knowledge about whether or not potassium supplement usually lowers the amount of sodium the body needs to function healthily Simple as this. You would understand the fact you have to rely on yourself, science and peers' experience and knowledge more than on doctors if you were an immigrant grown up in a "2.5th world" country living in a "2nd world" one very-very low on money rather than a middle-class citizen of the USA ;-) To make it easier to understand I can say I rarely meet the same doctor more than twice, they are rarely brilliant or motivated and they use to make mutually-opposite claims on life-critical matters. The problem with legal movies are DRM, vendor/device lock-in, forced ads, regional policies etc. You can just download a pirated movie as a plain MP4/MKV/AVI file in the language you want (not necessarily the official language of your region) and the quality you want (some people like 30+ gib HDs, many prefer 5 of less gib per movie) and play it forever everywhere, including unsupported platforms (namely huge number of TVs and no-name set-top-boxes with USB ports, old PCs with exotic OSes etc). This (besides visiting cinemas, these 2 things don't really affect each other, people often do both for the same movie) is what almost everybody does in the eastern Europe. People don't really mind to pay some bucks for a movie/song/book/etc. but nobody in sane mind wants the crap I've mentioned in the first paragraph. Sell plain DRM-free standard-format multilingual downloadable files for humble prices (under $5 per movie) and you'll have almost all the audience pirate sites attract. > If the language of your account is set to something other than English, it unlocks subtitles and dubs for that language that you wouldn't normally have access to. Thank you for the hint, but don't you think this is a way ridiculous? Why can't people that prefer English UI (e.g. I do, although it's neither my native language nor the official language of the country I've moved to, I am fluent in all the three but am interested in content in other languages too and I always strongly prefer all the apps UIs to be in English) access content in other languages? Yes! This is another one I've forgotten to mention. And there also are many old and exotic movies/songs/books/games that aren't legally available anywhere. How does it solve the synchronization problems by the way? It's not always easy to find a subtitles file that will match the particular version of the movie second-by-second. > It can be built with gcc and clang Again... I understand many will argue but I also believe many will agree: we are to start phasing out C and write modern OSes in safe languages like Rust, Haskell, Go, Crystal etc. Because code written in C is almost guaranteed to be vulnerable. C has done its job when the hardware was slow and low on memory, electronic data was rarely life-important and when there were no languages and compilers that could be used as alternatives but that time has ended and now we are to consider different priorities. Is this about religion again? Or what exactly are they hated for? Can't service providers just offer completely ad-free experience to those willing to pay the price that would make this kind of subscriptions commercially viable? Why arrest them at all? They are so funny and ridiculous. Those whom they can scam are doomed anyway, the only way to possibly help them is to gain legal guardianship over them and filter their mail before it reaches them. What about HN/Reddit/whatever F5-ing disorder? :-) What I can't understand is why do people demonize Ponzi Schemes so much while lotteries and bookies of all kinds are legally available on every corner. I know quite a number of people who have consciously taken the risk of investing in an open (so I can't logically agree it being scam/fraud/etc although legal authorities can insist it is) Ponzi Scheme and have quit it with rather serious profit some time later. And I don't know anybody who has ever won more than a couple of bucks in a lottery. In my opinion a Ponzi Scheme (unless the potential investors are actually told a false claim that it is not a Ponzi Scheme but a low-risk high-profit enterprise) is not a scam but a game, similar to fishing, and even much more nice to people than classic chance games played in casinos. Why not just teach people basics of risk management, warn them 3 times and let them play if they want to? IMHO the one and only thing a government is to do to protect the people from Ponzi and other schemes is to make sure everybody leaves school with conscious knowledge of the following: 1. Every investment is a risk, you may win or you may loose. 2. The chance of loss is usually proportional to the potential profitability estimated. 3. Never invest what you can't afford to loose easily. 4. Don't be mad on the friend who has introduced you to the business if he didn't explicitly guarantee you will win - that was your choice. 5. Whoever says there is no risk and the success is guaranteed - lies, don't believe them and don't rely on them. Actually, if a person doesn't know this by the time they finish the school the time they've spent there has probably been wasted. As for me I've learnt about Ponzi scheme from a Khan Academy lecture (and yes, my time at school was a waste mostly, that's a pity there was no Khan Academy back in those years). So, is calling 311 the only way to report on such an important yet simple (not really requiring verbal explanation nor personal data about the witness) subject? I would never call a telephone unless the rats or whatever were actually threatening a life and I were sure I can't manage on my own. C'mon, it's 2018, people are using apps (anonymously if possible) and texting each other, if somebody actually calls me I expect them to be either dying or trying to sell me something I don't need! Why not just make an app that lets you take a picture and send it with a timestamp and the location data (and nothing else) embedded straight to the server? Let me be that dumb guy at the party that will ask: what exactly is "planetary scale application" supposed to mean? Search engines seem to fail finding a definition. > HTML is a pain for things that aren't documents. Indeed it is but there seem to be no relevant alternative. The only thing that is better [for apps] is XAML (WPF) but it is Windows-only. Aren't browser plugins considered a deprecated technology already? The latest versions of the major browsers won't even let you run Java applets AFAIK, everything is forced to go entirely web-native (compile to HTML+CSS+JavaScript/wasm) and I'm not sure whether that's good or bad so far... Obviously, where we are going is just exposing all the system resources (like file systems, GPUs, USB ports etc) to JavaScript/wasm APIs and replacing the whole GUI stack (X/whatevr, WM, etc) with just a browser. A browser is just a cross-OS compatibility layer now (and this is quite cool as you can now run considerably exotic OSes like Haiku or Solaris and use almost all the stuff other reople do). I have also heard ChromeOS is probably going to replace Android at some point. Sounds reasonable. Why don't people use it then? Are there any frameworks already available so one won't have to invent a GUI toolkit from scratch? Xamarin.Forms is cool but still doesn't work on Linux so it seems the same story as XAML to me - cool but of little use, unlike to HTML which is less cool but absolutely useful as it works everywhere. JavaFX - doesn't work on mobiles/tablets (there was a prototype in 2011, seemingly abandoned), sadly it seems to be about as dead as Flash and Silverlight now. As for QML - search results suggest it works everywhere but still hardly a popular choice for some reason, worth taking a closer look perhaps (but I still doubt it can compare to HTML as using Qt means producing binary builds for every platform to support AFAIK). Yet another 80386 on steroids with no 64-bit and no SSE or a real modern CPU capable of running all the today OSes and apps efficiently? Whatever they claim, in the present time reality the RC (Taiwan) and the PRC are 2 distinct independent countries that are not going to re-unite any soon. "Believing" any of the 2 just doesn't make much sense. Is speculative execution actually worth it? Can't compilers do the job and optimize execution sufficiently so we won't need speculative execution? Anyway, "caches of any sort" sounds frightening: I can remember disabling all the caches on Pentium-3 to make it about as slow as 80386 so some ancient games that can't run on fast CPUs would run ok and be playable. Also, as far s I understand, the division has began as a conflict of 2 political parties - the leftists (CPC) and the rightists (Kuomintang) that has escalated into a civil war. And as the result each party now controls its part of what was once meant to be a single country and claims the right to rule both. What makes me curious is why can't 2 parties just control their parts the way they do in Taiwan and PRC but do it peacefully and without nonsensical claims when the people of one part are more sympathetic to one and the people of the other part are more sympathetic to the other. Why is it so important to have one party to rule them all, including those who doesn't want it? I just wonder when will this nonsense ("banks saying no") end and when a financial system at least as free as cash and as quick and convenient as just using debit cards emerge. It seems that we have came to a point when we need to separate banking from state and police the way church has gotten separated from them earlier. That's a pity BitCoin has failed to do this. Hopefully Monero or something new will succeed once and set the people free... Why exactly would a rightist government attack pot business? It's business and rightists are supposed to be pro-business and anti-regulation, are they not? Is this effort just actually backed by alcohol industry giants sponsored lobbyists or what? Then who exactly are these people who vote this? Seriously curious. By the way, what is the status of addressing the Meltdown and Spectre vulnerabilities in OpenWRT/LEDE at affected platforms? One of the sad things is that people willing to just get a no-nonsense DRM-free MP3 of a years-old song they like for personal use (and sharing with a friend perhaps) are considered the same with those willing to get and even sell original stuff before it's even released. > businesses can be legal in states while being illegal under federal law It still sounds a way ridiculous for a thing to be legal and illegal at the same time. There ought to be a non-ambiguous mechanism to decide whether a business is legal or not. As long as the feds let the states decide on their own they shouldn't consider something to be a crime as long as it is done in a state where it is legal. E.g. pot money from Colorado should be considered perfectly clean while pot money from Idaho can be treated as criminal. Doesn't this make sense? > Banking is heavily regulated for a reason (terrorist financing Doesn't seem to help much, terrorists still get everything they need. Cool! Why exactly did it take so long BTW? (not complaining, just curious about the hard parts). Although the first computer I've used was a ZX Spectrum I was too young to program it at the time and have never had time to actually revisit it later. About a decade later (that was the epoch of Windows XP and Ubuntu already) I had a dream of running Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS on it, developing text-mode pseudographical winforms-like apps (clones of Total Commander and Excel :-)). Ever since then I have been passively curious about whether it actually is hard or not and why nobody actually tries this (isn't the GUI alone actually a fairly easy thing every computer can manage as long as we give up all the eye-candy effects and accept the fact actual calculations on data are going to be fairly slow?). Cool to see people have implemented something like this actually and have even done it in graphics rather than in just pseudo. Also, why can't we use modern languages like Python or their subsets to write Z80 programs, at least very simple ones? Any ideas on what can probably change the situation at some point? reg/pay-walled sites are no the only kind that should be discouraged - sites that will track you globally unless you block them globally should be discouraged too IMHO. Facebook fits both categories. No. E.g. I'm fine with Telegram & Signal + WhatsApp & Skype for the elderly. Having no intention to become a public person, do I really need a public profile on a web site that's whole purpose is to spy on me everywhere, analyse my behavior and contacts, sell the data to others and show me ads? I absolutely believe you. When I actually need to voice-call somebody (e.g. mom, granny or a client company CEO, all the other people I meet prefer texting) I use Skype - it does this much better than any of the competitors. So it sounds fairly probable it does video better than others too. > As we now know, insiders have been selling Intel stock long before the vulnerabilities became public. I understand this is just not legal, but otherwise why should they had not (i.e. why exactly is it illegal)? What the rationally logical plan they should have taken? Telling everyone about the vulnerability is irrational - it should be told to those who are supposed to write patches first, keeping the shares when you know they are going down is irrational too. > Usually MDMA has the backlash of lowering the amount of serotonin release in your brain the days after you take it, which makes you feel down. The so-called tuesday blues Usually MDMA has absolutely no observable backlash (it may still harm your brain though, even if you don't feel it, I don't know if it will or not) if you don't take it more often than once in 3 months (or 1 month if you insist, but absolutely never more often), avoid taking too much of it, take enough piracetam, magnesium and antioxidants (acetyl-l-carnitine, acetyl-l-cysteine, vitamins E and C, lipoic acid, CoQ10, green tea extract, grape seed extract etc) before, during and after the MDMA trip, take L-tryptophan+piracetam after the trip, smoke some weed (but don't do it in advance - this can cause a panic attack and nausea), drink enough water, sleep well and take L-tryptophan+piracetam again when you get up. What will follow is usually going to be a rather pleasant state called "afterglow". Taking emoxypine, piracetam, magnesium and St. John's wort during the days after to actually restore the receptors can also be a good idea. I have also heard eating some psilocybin shrooms can prevent MDMA hangover too but I doubt combining psychedelics is a good idea for everybody. DISCLAIMER: The above is a piece of theoretical knowledge provided for harm-reduction purposes only and not even proven scientifically (I'd be glad if the researchers could consider checking it). Use it at your own risk. Don't take what is not legal in your country. I don't recommend taking MDMA without a prescription though I do recommend to consider harm-reduction measures if you decide to take it. Anyway, make sure you are not allergic to any of the substances you are going to take, are not taking any drugs that may interact with them and don't have any other contraindications. Does this mean Skype will stop cooperating with governments demanding chat history disclosure? Here is the source of the most of this knowledge by the way: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMxTpONKT0 Adam at PsychedSubstance does pretty good job educating people about how to do the stuff right without getting your brains fried. His advices do work great, it would surely be awesome if the reserachers could validate and/or improve them scientifically (or at least make use of them practically so nobody will actually get sad or experience any other adverse effects anyway). > You kind of contradict yourself by saying there is no backlash and then giving a list of supplements to reduce the backlash... What I am saying is there will certainly be some backlash if you don't do anything to prevent it but you can (or you can not - sure I can't say these advices will help everybody, perhaps some of these may even harm somebody if they have some specific contraindications) effectively prevent about 99% of it. Perhaps my grammar is not perfect but I hope the idea is fairly easy to get. > What's not proven is those supplements you mention. Sure, not proven any credible way. Hopefully the researchers will read this thread, take these in consideration and prove or disprove some parts. > tests on mice In fact there have been quite enough "testing" on humans though it's neither scientifically clean (no double-blind placebo-controlled trials, no large control groups observed, no measurements etc) nor official enough for obvious reasons. Everything is based on personal experience people share anonymously, but believe me - though not formally credible nor systematic this data is very far from being entirely mythical and useless. It's absolutely worth testing by researchers we are talking about and, well... by unaccredited enthusiasts who are going to to engage in the research on their own perhaps. > There's also no evidence that supports 'afterglow' Sure, no evidence, just reportedly-systematic experience of anonymous individuals. Let's just say it may cause this state, not that it necessarily will. > and magnesium to reduce jaw clenching Magnesium is not just to reduce jaw clenching, it's also an NDMA antagonist, known to prevent amphetamine-type drugs tolerance. And it is also an important electrolyte that you may loose if you dink, sewat and pee excessively. > keep your body cooled (but hard to do at parties) MDMA is, arguably, much more fun and much more safe to take at home together with just the one you love. I especially discourage taking it at parties and especially mixing it with alcohol. > but doesn't affect the serotonin levels... Taking 5-HTP the days after... That's why I recommend L-tryptophan. Tough less-famous than 5-HTP (5-Hydroxytryptophan) for a number of reasons, it can be considered a more natural and more safe alternative to 5-HTP. L-tryptophan is the essential amino-acid naturally meant to be consumed regularly (it occurs naturally in many foods and also available in pure form as an over-the-counter supplement) your body uses to produce the amounts of 5-HTP (and then serotonin) it needs from it. Also St. John's wort is known to upregulate serotonin receptors and increase of serotonin (!!!up to potentially life-threatening levels if combined with other serotonin-boosting substances so never take it together with MDMA, only the day after!!!). Piracetam and emoxypine are not only antioxidants (in fact I don't even know if piracetam is an antioxidant at all) but nootropics that may improve brain blood flow, oxygen consumption and synaptic transmission, modulate the receptor complexes of the brain membranes by increasing their binding ability, stabilize biomembranes (i.e. membrane structures of blood cells - erythrocytes and thrombocytes during their haemolysis or mechanical injury accompanied by the formation of free radicals), have neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory action, change the monoamine level and increases the dopamine content in the brain etc. > but again, research is lacking. That's why it's so great to read about the ladies and gentlemen at the Pineapple Fund going to fund the research and that MAPS is undertaking it. And that's why it's so important to share every potentially valuable idea on the subject with them so they can use it in the research. There are 2 reasons I am writing this here: 1. I hope this can help people (though I am not sure it will help everybody) to save their health and prevent unpleasant experiences (as far as I've heard overwhelming majority of people who try MDMA experiences rather severe backlashes - this suggests they are doing it wrong and cause damage to their brains). 2. I hope this can provide the researches with ideas to start with when looking for safety measures to be proven scientifically. Surely "making sure that your schedule is clear of obligations the next day" is always a great idea but I think the stuff I've described above (including the previous commentary) should better be used too. Nevertheless, all the major emotions/moods one can feel: sadness, joy, laziness, vigour, fear, enthusiasm, anger, limerence etc are almost nothing but chemical conditions. If you feel panic or are angry at somebody - that doesn't necessarily mean you are in danger or that somebody is an asshole - that means you have elevated level of norepinephrine and/or low serotonin and/or something like that. Feeling lazy doesn't mean you have fallen to the sin of sloth but that you have low levels of thyroxine and/or dopamine and/or norepinephrine and/or serotonin and/or something else. That's a huge problem the majority of people don't understand this, just keeping this in mind makes the life a lot easier for you, your family and everybody around. Also it usually is enough to take something as natural, cheap and harmless as L-tryptophan (an essential amino-acid, the precursor to 5-HTP and serotonin, easily available as an over-the-counter supplement and found in many foods naturally) to fix the problem, SSRIs and benzodiazepines are not necessary in every case. In this case the researchers ought to test it too so it could be approved by the FDA together with MDMA because piracetam alone makes HUGE difference. If you are going to take MDMA and can choose only one supplement to use to protect your brain from adverse effects - that is to be piracetam (of course something better may exist but I have never heard of anything better so far). I can't confirm this scientifically but I could bet whoever has tried it (or at least the majority of them) will tell you this is true. By the way I live in Europe and have been taking piracetam (it is an approved medicine available at every drugstore here, over-the-counter in some countries, on prescription in others) every day (making just occasional pauses for a month or two) during about 15 years already and man it's just so great I don't want to live in a country where I can't get it easily. In my opinion (based on my own long-term systematic experience with it) piracetam is an essential for brain fitness, good quality of life, physical, creative, spiritual, educational and professional self-realization. And I have never had a headache during these years (except slight headakes that I had a couple of times after having drank a way too much alcohol) although I used to have headache almost every day when I was a child and wasn't taking piracetam! The only problem with MDMA is it is not legal in the majority of countries. Up to hundreds thousands (something less maybe, but still a lot) of people all over the world would gladly submit reports about their experiences of taking MDMA together with and without these substances (piracetam, magnesium, antioxidants etc) if this was not associated with risk of getting busted by the authorities. I have no doubt his advices would have been proven statistically then. Websockets can be used for many things and are actually a sound tech idea but I don't know about a single website that would use them to do something I need (no, I don't use social networks, don't play online games and don't use web voip - these are the 3 major areas that can make use of them) so disabling them seems a good idea. In general: disable everything you don't use - this will most certainly increase your safety and disrupt a huge portion of mainstream malware and spyware functioning. When I was using Windows I had a software firewall that would ask me about every app that is trying to access the Internet and let me choose if I want to block or allow it - I would only allow the web browser, the messenger and the SSH client and completely block everything else (DroidWall and XPrivacy let you do this on Android, LittleSnitch does this on Mac, I miss such a tool on destkop GNU/Linux a huge lot). Is there something like this for Chrome too? BTW I wish I could just disable all features but those basic ones every website uses (and "data URIs" support please!!! I really want to to disable it!) and enable them manually on per-domain basis (the way I do with scripts using NoScript and uMatrix). I agree - Python is great and rather neutral (as soon as snake_case_naming stops causing you nausea and as soon as you stop worrying about types and the fact you can't make a class member truly private) yet it has one thing I really hate - the module/package system. Coming from C# I could never "grok" it in Python (might anybody have a link to a great intro in this subject optimized for a C# mind - I'd be more than grateful) and being unable to split a single namespace into a number of files is outrageous (especially for an ADHD person who can't stand long code files and importing every this and that manually everywhere). E.g. I have file aaa.py, bbb.py and ccc.py (placed in the same directory but I don't mind adding a line of code to declare their relationship explicitly). What I want is not only to be able to import them all at once in ddd.py but to access everything from aaa and bbb in ccc, everything from bbb and ccc in aaa and everything from aaa and ccc in bbb [almost] seamlessly. I have tried this once and it didn't work although pylint has passed with no errors (surely I admit that's because of a mistake I have made but I haven't managed to find and fix it so I've ended up just putting all the code in one file). Anyway it's not what I need as far as I understand (I have described what I need in a comment below, the answer to mixmastamyk). > By some estimates, if the salt in the ocean could be removed and spread evenly over the Earth’s land surface it would form a layer more than 500 feet thick, about the height of a 40-story office building. Needless to say [almost] every land plant and creature on Earth would die in such an event. I just wonder (out of pure bizarre curiosity) what would happen if the salt in the ocean could be removed and put somewhere in the outer space - what part of the ocean life would survive and how much impact would it have on the land life. How does it happen India has Gini coefficient close to that of Canada (and better tan that of the USA, UK and even Australia) then? Though not an unquestionable and not ultimately reliable one, using comparably rare hardware and software usually is a valid security measure. Now as Linux has gained solid market share the "no viruses for Linux" era comes to its end and Linux-capable ransomware is emerging I am considering moving to OpenBSD not only because security is among the top priorities of its design but because it's a way more exotic too. > There are more Americans incarcerated per capita than in any other Westernized country on earth... With well over two million Americans behind bars, and even with more prisons being built literally every day... This is madness. Period. Something is being done fundamentally wrong and going catastrophically too far. Simply building more prisons is not a solution. And the fact the convicts are not given vitamins and other essential nutrients supplements has always seemed ridiculous and outrageous to me. Simply terminating them could be more humane than keeping them junk-fed letting their bodies and brains decay freely, taking not just their freedom but also their health (including mental health) away from them. This is not a way you can cure people from their behaviour disorders. > Average USA cost to keep one inmate locked up for a year: $31,000 By the way, any person that would earn this much a year is considered rich in Eastern Europe and Russia, the majority of people there live on less than $1000/month and those of them who care about health still get all the vitamin/mineral/aminoacid supplements and sound healthcare they need (+ education, sport, yoga/minfulness classes, entertainment, travelling, living etc) . Needless to say almost none of the people who earn $1000/month or more are prone to commit felony there (unless they drink a way too much booze), they just live happily usually as they have everything they need, feel safe and satisfied. This suggests that just giving the $31,000 or less to a man will probably do much better for him and the society than spending it on keeping him in the dreadful conditions described in the article. This reminds me of the idea of basic income again... Cool. I've been installing wget on every Windows PC in my authority since the days of Windows 98SE. Every net-enabled operating system is to have such a tool installed by default. Is it rational to have laws that rationalize irrational artificially? The reality is the majority of tech interviews today are filled with questions/tasks that have little or nothing to do with the actual job you are going to be assigned. In fact an average programmer doesn't actually need to know a single piece of computer science or math (almost all such stuff is abstracted by common libraries and frameworks, whatever is not can be looked up on demand) nor to memorize anything (thanks to auto-completion and all the docs and Q&As being just a couple of clicks away), let alone to have skills in solving puzzles. Yet every other interviewer will ask you to write code on paper and give you puzzles on computer science, physics and everything. They will also ask you about your previous salary and the reason you have left the previous job (both matters are purely private IMHO), why have you chosen them (ridiculous, I just want to earn living in a sound company and have sent the CV to a number of companies to land the first one that feels fine and wants me), what do you want to achieve in n years (never thought about this, just want a job) etc. And a funny thing: a friend of mine (an experienced developer with history in multinationals) has once told me he was rejected told being "too unsociable", "talking too little" which is the perfect opposite of what he actually is (dozens of his friends would undoubtedly confirm). Puzzles are fun, intelligence is reasonable to be benchmarked, nevertheless the interviewing thing is done at least slightly wrong usually IMHO. I just hope some scientific research is going to emerge in this area in near future to help rationalize the hiring process. As for myself I ask nothing but the candidate's opinion on some relevant subjects (the opinion itself doesn't really matter much but it can indicate certain degrees of awareness, understanding, intelligence and motivation, also the talk can somewhat demonstrate the personality) and their GitHub profile. > I have seen many developers who fail to do that. How do they happen to be developers then? Doesn't being unable to implement a FizzBuzz quickly imply they can't code anything that is more complex, by definition? By the way although I do understand programming (OOP, FP, SQL) and can develop a considerably complex app from scratch in an IDE like Visual Studio with ReSharper or IntelliJ Idea that would expand code snippets, offer auto-completion and highlight errors on the fly I doubt I can code anything more complex than a "hello world" using just Notepad and expect it to compile and run without errors immediately - I use to make small typos and miss some syntactical elements all the time thanks to my ADHD (but modern IDEs solve this problem). Also, a person standing behind my shoulder watching me code and counting time would decrease my performance by an order of magnitude at best. Does this count as a failure from your point of view? This obviously is true (a truism) but doesn't answer any of the questions. What do you think to be some best reader and other Android apps optimised for bw eInk displays? By the way, OnyxBooxx runs a rather ancient Android version - 4.0.4. > I have nothing in my GitHub profile. Some toy repos of no particular significance... I don't think that should make me un-hireable... Same thing with me but I don't think it's hard to spend some weekends and write something to express your motivation an illustrate your coding skills. > people that have kids tend to not have much spare time... my company has me going through some bureaucratic process for any sort of open-source contribution that I intend to make. I understand your point perfectly but what I don't understand is how does it make sense to hire a coder whose code (a real (though not necessarily big) app code, not a 5-minute puzzle code) you have never seen. Funny but I would really appreciate a good Paint.Net remake (usable on Mac, Linux and OpenBSD) more. Some people use onion juice mixed with some oil as nasal drops to treat running nose infections (dunno if it works actually). Pinta is nice though still not ultimately as great as the original :-) And it can be pain to install on some Linux distro versions (conflicting with both the Mono version in the repos (too old) and the latest Mono release (too new)) and it works quirky with XFCE. In fact I use it every day on Linux but I didn't know there is a Mac version too - already downloading it, thanks a lot! It's free but still Windows-only. I use it on Windows machines but miss it heavily on Mac and Linux. Perhaps somebody would actually port it to Mono if it was truly free. By the way I believe I've found source code of some ancient version of the original Pain.Net and used it (barely working, buggy as hell of hells though still handier than GIMP for quick and simple picture edits) on Linux before I've found Pinta which is, AFAIK, the same code fixed to run correctly on Mono and extended to include some Paint.Net features that have been introduced later. Makes sense, thanks. We are just speaking about different things then. All the times I were looking for coders I was interested in neither juniors (whom I would have to teach) nor seniors (who would lead the team) but middles (who would just write good code given a very specific task and very detailed design). So where is the new cryptocurrency they promised to issue? They absolutely should switch to cryptocurrency, a highly unstable currency is much better than a currency that is stable in its hyperbolic devaluation and can actually boost the economy. Why don't they do? I see... I used to think it's just WPF to be replaced with the old UI that was there until some version. It was meant to be backed by oil and to back the paper bolívars in its turn and I believe they really should start this ASAP. The only alternative is switching to Brazilian Reals, US Dollars or something like that but who is going to give those to them? A cryptocurrency done right can create worldwide-tradeable, hard-to-constrain value and liquidity immediately from nothing but the potential and I can hardly understand what are they waiting for. Is the ruling establishment there just so power-mad they won't give up the printer even in face of ultimate economic collapse? ... and screw it again a week later. If it actually works without serious problems (you know, some times you can install something, make it run and take some screenshots without it actually being usable in real life) then this is a bomb! I am pretty sure there are people who are willing to switch to Linux but are stuck on Windows because of the need to use most recent Photoshop, Illustrator, Office and/or Visual Studio. What the site promises looks INSANELY COOL but the app doesn't seem to work actually. Errors behind every corner, 100% CPU load all the time and the tutorial won't finish loading. This is not beta, this is pre-alpha at best. I really hope it's going to be fixed in near future, can't wait to actually try applying it. A relatively reasonable government like that of Argentina or Brazil can indeed implement a monetary policy and play with deficit and the rate for good but if it consistently fails to it ought to at least provide the people with a usable trading token so they can take care of themselves. It's hard to say what it actually is but given the news we get outside the Venezuelan government is little but useless (not completely perhaps, maybe it keeps drug cartels away or something), they should just issue a reasonably limited amount of relatively valuable currency, halt all but some essential regulations and leave the people alone. Budget deficit cuttig is not popular? I believe the result Venezuelans are getting now are even less popular. There is little (if any) virtue in developing a single installer to work on all platforms. People want a drag-and-drop app image for Mac, a PPA repository for Ubuntu and an MSI package for Windows and/or a simple "just extract and run" archive for their platform. Any examples of interesting drawings drawn with this tool? Cool! Thanks! Why exactly do people call good explanatory manuals "the hard way"? The hard way to learn something is using nothing but the official reference manual or the man pages. What I have found by the link is what I would rather call "for dummies" :-) I actually find those I tried rather unfriendly. Every time I have to convert something I start by looking for a quick-and-easy GUI solution but end up using command line because it's more intuitive (!), more flexible and it actually works (GUI wrappers don't always do, it often happens that you click "start" or whatever and nothing happens or a nonsensical error pops up). By the way it's always easier to teach a not particularly bright person to use a textual dialogue command line interface than a complex GUI: you just tell them (and let them write down) what do they have to type, what response they can expect and how are they to respond to it if it's this or that. I can remember how easy it was to teach my granny to use the UUPC e-mail system under DOS and how much harder it was to teach GUIs. In the current reality as it is tabs seem an essential part of a web browser and some other apps. But I feel like tabs should not be done by any app - a window manager is to take care of this IMHO. I especially don't like tabs in IntelliJ Idea: I never (except the cases when I want to detach one to a separate window) actually use them, every time I want to switch to a particular file in a project I choose it in the project tree in the left panel, the tabs only pile up atop of the editor pane and annoy me so I close them every now and then. The problem with this paper is that it ignores ADHD. It can be very difficult or impossible to maintain concentration for periods of time longer than some minutes (or even seconds) for an ADHD person and certain kinds of music can help mitigate this problem in some cases. BTW amphetamine works alike AFAIK: it induces hyperactivity and harms concentration in healthy people but calms ADHD people down and induces concentration and clarity on them. But the results are alike at least in some cases. I just tend to loose conscious awareness and feel extreme urge (like the urge to breeze you feel if you stop breezing and wait a minute) to switch to a different task (procrastination usually, that's exactly why I am writing this now :-)) every couple of minutes and focusatwill.com helps a huge lot by putting me in the state of flow. Same story with my GF, she has introduced this app to me in fact. That's exactly what I mean. It (I mean racemic street amphetamine, you can't get medical adderall in Europe) makes the majority of those who try it very agitated but makes some of those with ADHD serene and tranquil as a pure water lake surface on a windless day. I doubt it works on everybody this simple though and there hardly is any scientific research on this subject. What is horrifying here is that people are actually forbidden to communicate securely (ByLock is a secure messenger AFAIK). IMHO the right for privacy is to be absolute, mo matter what. No kind of safety or anything is worth living under constant surveillance and being unable to chat and be sure no 3rd party can read that. "get out of jail" would make more sense. Jailing can happen to be questionable, speeding or running a red light can't, it's simple and forbidden for a serious yet easy to understand and hard to argue reason. BTW another program (and a library) that should, IMHO, be made a standard component of every modern OS (except those that would choose to exclude it for a practical reason, e.g. some of extremely-lightweight and heavily specialized embedded ones) is SQLite3 I agree absolutely. Corporations should only pay employees money (including whatever amount it takes to buy reasonable insurance etc) and that should be up to the employee to choose an insurance company and pay them. Insurance companies should compete targeting not corporations but people as their customers. Can't it actually do this? Can't a club of people establish a nonprofit and buy insurance collectively somewhat the way corporations do? Would you mind sharing the country name? I am sure (because I've tried it myself) the quality standards differ by orders of magnitude in different countries where it works this way. > States set what insurance can allow. Why? From my perspective the whole problem with healthcare and insurance is these are way far from a free markets. Wouldn't it be better if the insurance companies would just look at what people want and offer just that for the prices that make both sides interested? I'm interested too (EMEA). Not only they will stand a chance, they will grow substantially as the only way to mitigate the governments efforts to enforce surveillance and regulations. Darknet exchanges will emerge if not there yet. People have been dreaming of real electronic cash nobody can know you have or give to somebody for so long and wont give up easily. By the way this can even happen to be the way to the new kind of economy that relies on reputation and competition rather than surveillance and prohibition. It can grow value of its own as the ecosystem grows and a black market can emerge for the needs of conversion. What makes you sure convenience will not improve? Great news. I have always believed Ponzi and alike schemes should be as legal and available as any other kind of gambling and lottery as long as the people introduced are well informed abut the nature of the scheme and the risks it means. I know some people who had participated in a distributed Ponzi scheme consciously and with notable success while I don't know a single person who had won anything above $2 in a lottery. Yes, a pyramid scheme, but Wikipedia still calls it a Ponzi scheme. I mean this one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MMM_Global I don't recommend it, I also know many people who have lost their money of course though I still think it's much better than a lottery: the whole thing about profiting from it is investing humble amounts you can afford to loose and withdrawing at the right moment, that's a lot like fishing or trading BitCoins. Here's the discussion and the paper on vitamin D: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15867918 . TL;DR: make sure to always get at least 8000 IU of vitamin D per day (10 times the RDA) if you want to be healthy and have good bones, skin, mood, sleep, immunity and metabolism. I have also heard a rumor that recent studies suggest solid vitamin D pills are better than oil capsules. Would be nice if somebody knowing what particular study says this could share a link. Sorry. I've updated the comment and added the link. As far as I understand taking 10x the RDA won't have side effects because that's not an overdose, that's the correct dose and the RDA is a mistake. I haven't tried this myself yet though. I am taking 1000 IU now (and it makes a difference I can feel already as compared to taking nothing or 1 RDA) while waiting for the 10'000 IU pills to get delivered from eBay. I didn't knew I actually need this much before reading the paper by the link. I just wonder how does official data of this kind emerge if not based on any studies. So the RDAs are about just decreasing mortality rather than improving life/health, right? Thanks to existence of the short and long scales I have no idea what people mean when they say "a billion" or something like that today in the globalized Internet-connected world. Please avoid using such ambiguous words at all costs, use scientific notation instead. Useful to know. Now I will just guess it's the short scale if it's English (I used to think UK uses the long scale as all the other European countries do while the US uses the short scale). Thanks! PS: As for myself I just don't use the words to name numbers above million as I don't know what exactly do they mean for anything near sure but if I really had to interpret the word "billion" I would undoubtedly answer "a million of millions" (10^12) before today. Marijuana (as well as serotonergic psychedelics) generally makes people feel more united and similar in the positive sense, I don't know about any credible studies that would confirm this (although there probably are some) but I really doubt it can promote social hierarchization. Cocaine and alcohol, however, are known to stimulate aggressive-dominant behavior in individuals prone to it though cocaine will surely not stimulate obedience, it will stimulate people to resist propaganda/populism/nonsense and question more. The only well-known psychoactive substance that makes masses easier to manipulate is booze. Indeed Fish is bloody amazing! I've been using bash for my whole life and now as I've seen Fish I don't want to see any other shell (except some new one that might happen to be made even better) ever. It feels like a quantum leap of the same kind like the switch from ancient printer-oriented Unix shells (that didn't even let you edit the part of the command you've already entered) to bash. As for the scripting language part, however, I have always been wondering why do people use headache languages like bash/sh when we have Python. Might anybody have a clue - I'd appreciate if you could share. Who and why uses Facebook today anyway? All my friends use messenger apps like WhatsApp or Telegram to communicate to people they know in real life, sites like Reddit and HN to communicate to random crowd sharing their interests and Instagram to share pictures they take. I personally feel like Facebook is a concept fading into the past. UPDATE: The only thing I used to use Facebook for a couple of years ago when I had more spare time was finding events to attend for fun. Does anybody know a good alternative? There probably is a special app just for this. Another useful feature of Facebook seems to be the groups directory: there are groups in WhatsApp and Telegram but they are harder to find - isn't there a project building a directory of them already? A probable role Facebook may take in future is providing digital "passport" kind of identity. The Chinese Facebook clone is doing it already and the Russian Facebook clone does too though in much smaller degree. I live in Europe, not N.A. We use messengers a lot here and many people still use Facebook. I've heard that people use SMS and MMS much more actively in the USA (I have never used MMS and have stopped using SMS years ago). Why not remove Chrome, Safari and E-mail clients for inappropriate content too? Why not WhatsApp, Skype or iMessage? Telegram is just a wire, it's up to the users if they want to use it to talk to other users that speak 'inappropriate'. This is why I will never buy an iPhone (though I don't mind a MacBook as long as root access and legal ways to install Linux have not been locked on them yet) - I want to use the device the way I want, have full control over its filesystem, run the apps I want without all that store bullshit (which hits even harder if you live outside the USA by the way, in synergy with your local government bullshit and with what corporations think about your region market) and decide what is appropriate for me myself. Today Apple is a fascist organization. Historical fascists did fairly good in eye-candy design and hardware quality too but that's the only good part of them and it's pretty much ruined by so much crazy fascist bullshit to tolerate in exchange. Nice to know the details, thanks. But anyway, how can a messenger app know what content is going to be inappropriate? What if I call somebody when I am drunk and say something inappropriate - can the telephone app tell this in advance? How is a messenger different? > with aircraft that it was not authorized to use because they were not listed on its air carrier certificate. So much bureaucracy... BTW why won't some business fairness commission attack Apple for using their cellphone market domination to thwart competition and promote other products of their own like iMusic (e.g. the way they did with Microsoft when MS started shipping Internet Explorer built in Windows systems)? > It does integrate with Siri, which other music services cannot do, and it streams music on the Apple Watch, which other music services cannot (or will not) do. Any idea why? I think they would probably add this if Apple would provide a reasonable way to. Does anybody know if Siri and Apple Watch expose nice APIs that would let you integrate your iPhone app with them? > And the iPhone has a 30-40% market share or less on unit sales (depending on where you are). Although the iPhone-vs-Android comparison can seem to be in favour of Android, Android means many independent manufacturers competing and much more free market for the apps. No single phone manufacturer but Apple has such a market share, having 30-40-50% of the market under unconditional control of a single company means a way more of actual power and commercial value per percent for them than if it was about shares of multiple companies running same technologies summed. Here ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16279975 ) is what I have been told in a neighbour thread: "With the iOS market share hovering slightly below 50% in the US, it's iMessage that is the main messenger, at least where I live... I don't use Whatsapp nor was I ever invited by someone to use it, but I heard it's basically the iMessage equivalent in the EU and in other places where the iOS market share is lower." I don't mean to argue nor am I a proponent of regulations. Just sharing thoughts. Thank you for the answer. Would be great if it could use SQLite and Electron already installed in the system instead of downloading/building them from the Internet sources unless that's really necessary (I actually find it strange node/electron still don't take care of this by integrating SQLite int their standard APIs anyway). The window just shows an empty brown field and nothing else, I could find no "start new scenario" or anything like that in the menu. Otherwise the idea is amazing. Surely SimCity 2000 is one of the greatest games ever and I can't wait for it to be implemented and extended as far beyond what it originally was as possible. Every currency is only worth what people believe it is, nothing else, it doesn't really matter what did it actually cost to make it. Even if that's true, trying to convince people it's not backed the way it was meant to is nearly as questionable ethically as issuing unbaked coins probably was. If people keep believing nobody will get hurt, if people stop believing the results can be catastrophic. Of course this is a slippery idea itself yet the matter is too serious to just ignore it. I am not begging you anything but think twice. I personally am not an interested party, I have no blockchain-related assets but I think about all those people who has and I see 2 possible outcomes: if it gets publicly confirmed that the coins were not backed many innocent people will loose their legitimate investments and if it's doesn't they won't, and this doesn't depend on whether the coins actually were backed or not. I don't advocate scam but punishing them may be not really worth the global consequences for people who were not consciously involved. I am not telling what should the people investigating this should choose, I am only telling they should consciously consider all potential results of their decisions. I personally believe that it usually is more important to save what we still have than to revenge what we have lost and that we should always think about the people who happen to be in a less advantageous position than we ourselves are at the time. In fact I love to speak unpopular and "inappropriate" things aloud and question "unquestionable", somebody has to anyway. I mean I already have sqlite3 executable in /usr/bin and the libraries wherever they are meant to be located. AFAIK Windows 10 comes with SQLite within $PATH too. I don't really code JavaSctipt so I am not sure but I think it probably is not really hard and probably is a more "right way" to detect SQLite binaries already available this way and use them than download/compile it for every new application using it. Of course it doesn't really matter but it would feel good for "unix way" perfectionists at least :-) Access Denied Don't get me wrong, I am not really arguing or trying to attach a moral label to whatever the side and convince you, but I am curious, perhaps there is an idea I can't get (I am a mediocre mind and didn't sleep well, that's possible). I feel like playing hide-and-seek trying to find it :-) Would you be so kind to confirm that you understand the rational (albeit questionable, possibly wrong, sure) side of my logic and try to explain if there are rational morality-free reasons other legality/justice/order (incl. preventing further market manipulations, unjustified profits and simple lie) to blow such a bubble up? I am just trying to view the situation from somewhat like a game theory point of view. I actually loved the concept of bare-number UINs used in ICQ back in the days when ICQ and AOL dominated the messengers market. Those were neutral, easy to share vocally, allowed mutable non-unique screen names and e-mails. That's a pity people don't use them any more. > Better Legitimate Alternatives By no way can a vendor-locked, regionally-policied, DRMed thing be considered a "better alternative", IMHO. I would rather pay twice (or even more) the price of the legitimate alternatives to just legalize the usage of unlimited, no-nonsence, DRM-free standard-format files exchange if only this was legally possible. OMG someone is finally going to tell me about how SVN can be better than GIT in particular cases! I have been asking this question for years out of pure curiosity yet everything I've received in response were accusations in trolling. The major problem with meth is that people don't know how to use it right (e.g. you are to take much much more vitamins (A and E in particular), minerals and antioxidants, piracetam and drink much much much more water (even though this will make you pee really often) if you use meth and you should never inject it but prefer taking it orally and in as small amounts as possible while still getting the effect (magnesium and piracetam can help fighting tolerance development) and you should avoid supplementing extra tyrosine/dopa). Another serious problem for those who want to use meth to improve their productivity and relief ADHD is that legal desoxyn costs enormous amounts of money and can be rather hard to get a prescription for (and is not available outside of the USA at all - if a qualified American doctor confirms you need it you will still have to use the black market to follow his advice if you travel abroad). There certainly are right ways to use drugs and doctors are generally supposed to know them. And some people without a medical degree/license happen to know too though they're quite rare to meet. I don't advocate mindless illegal abuse of any substances but I don't advocate mindless falsely-moralist medical purism and all the nonsensical "war on drugs" policy either. By the way I am about 99% sure that the main reason behind drug abuse epidemics, drug-induced degradation and deaths is lack of relevant education (the real kind, not just the scary "don't use drugs" stuff), lack of understanding and support. NO SUBJECT EVER should be made unspeakable. The more serious a problem is - the harder we are to try to actually understand it and everything relevant to it thoroughly and educate everybody to understand that. Imagine we would just teach kids not to use electricity / not to friend with those who use it and scare them about electrical shocks instead of telling them they should use it with their hands dry. I don't take any though I have given it a try many ears ago. I personally prefer alprazolam (aka xanax) now - it helps great with my ADHD too (especially in combination with piracetam and sunifiram) and is much safer as long a you don't abuse it (by taking high doses or mixing it with alcohol). Anyway, it is important to mention that FDA-approved meth from a licensed pharmacist costs are insane, street meth of the same or better purity is more affordable by orders of magnitude. There is also no such thing as "approved meth from a licensed pharmacist" outside the USA unfortunately so if you need it and go abroad that's a problem (I wouldn't even risk having it in my luggage). > My understanding was that Addrall and the like, while kinda similar chemically to meth Adderall is similar to amphetamine, not metamphetamine. If adderall/amphetamine doesn't help you sufficiently you need desoxyn/metamphetamine. > I've also heard that ADHD meds end up being counterproductive for people without ADHD too, though. This is true... approximately. In fact small amounts of amphetamine/adderall can boost concentration/memory/productivity in healthy people (not all of them though) too. I get you point, but... IMHO a huge portion of addictivity are the withdrawal symptoms that can be made much much easier (and last just a couple of days instead of weeks) if the measures I've described above were taken in advance (another huge part is about public stigmatization, lack of understanding and support - AFAIK happy people with loving families are by orders of magnitude less prone to become addicts). And turning into the "walking dead" is all about lack of the healthcare measures I've described above (e.g. my skin went bad once I've tried using meth for about a week many ears ago to manage with a project deadline but a strong E+A vitamin supplement has turned it back healthy overnight). > And correct me if I'm wrong, but are you advocating using meth to curb the withdrawal symptoms from meth? I am absolutely absolutely not, this is ridiculous. But I believe this is what many people do: they feel bad after the meth wears off so the take more of it. What I am saying is they should take big amounts of vitamins, piracetam and water instead (before, under and after meth) so they won't need more meth to go back to what feels normal. But I think at least 80% of meth users don't know about this (I had to educate some of them personally and this, together with support from people they loved helped them quit) and this is a huge portion of the problem. > From how I understand it meth floods the dopamine receptors in the brain and prolonged use effectively fries them, or at least they become dependent on the artificial dopamine rush that meth provides. This is true but slightly exaggerated. This problem is not really hard to resist and mitigate if you want (sad thing many people don't want as they have no other feel-good things in their lives, there also are some people that are dopamine-addicts by nature genetically - e.g. these are also prone to gambling). > As for the walking dead, here in Australia we have free socialised healthcare which meth addicts can access whenever they want. And yet they're still undernourished, missing most teeth, and engaging in what could easily be described as risky behaviour. I don't think you worry too much about all of your damaged or missing teeth when your primary concern is finding enough money to buy your next fix. Indeed deeply addicted people usually have no will, let alone knowledge to cure. By the way what things do you give away there at the centres? I would say piracetam is the most important thing but this is not confirmed scientifically by any accredited institutions so it would hardly appear in government-sponsored cnentres. It is also important to educate people about all the substances that tey should take together with the meth so it won't feel this bad after it wears off. > How it was described to me is that the dopamine receptors in the brain become "re-calibrated" This is true, but... > never come back to normal Never say never. They get back to normal rather quickly if you actually stop taking meth and start taking magnesium, piracetam and St. John's Wort and sleep well regularly. But I can't really tell for heavy addicts that inject meth instead of just snorting it and do it for years. I worry speaking this openly as it can happen to inspire some to try meth but I feel the knowledge must be shared to help those who are in the trouble already. If you know a meth addict that shows at least a minor sign of will to quit - don't blame him or tell him "just stop!", invite him to spend a meth-free weekend at your house, promise it won't hurt as bad as he thinks and feed him reasonably big amounts of the supplements I've mentioned. Another very helpful supplement is phenibut but it causes real physical addiction+tolerance itself so no more than 7 pills a month. Emoxypine and carphedon can also help a lot (safe, not addictive). > All that said I find there are some people who can be "weekend warriors" and smoke meth for pleasure without being swallowed up by it. That said I've also seen good people hollowed out by meth. I suspect it's gene based but that's suspicion alone. This is a very important thing to mention. People are different and should not be treated as perfectly equal. People that have the capacity for using substances consciously for good should not be denied the right to and stigmatized for doing this while people who can't should not be given the drug (e.g. I am pro 100% legalization of marijuana but against legalization of meth as only a minor portion of the people can manage with it constructively) and left alone without active participation of people actually understanding them. Who cares about what overseas intelligence agencies know of them? I would be much more concerned about the agencies that sit close enough to actually be interested in my person. I am exaggerating (McCarthyism is probably not this hard any more and people are much less prone to take communism seriously nowadays) but just for example: if an American gets involved in an anti-communist club in the USA China will hardly care about him in particular but if some of the people in one's phonebook happen to be communists the homeland agencies can actually go after him and ruin his life :-) I just really hope the information I share can help somebody to save their health and set them free. And I am very grateful to you for the kind words of appreciation - that's a kind of dopamine and serotonin boost those poor people we are talking about don't receive often if ever! Let me also give credits: portions of this information (e.g about need in big doses of vitamins A&E, about supplementing dopa/tyrosine while on meth being a bad idea (though good during the abstinence, together with tryptophan) and that you really must drink a huge lot of water on meth, e.g. 1-2 full glasses every time you pee - this will actually save your kidneys, not overload them) come from Quora and Reddit, others from Adam at PsychedSubstance on YouTube (see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMxTpONKT0 - every advice from this video on MDMA applies to meth too), others from Wikipedia (e.g. about magnesium and emoxypine), some from my own reasoning and experimentation and the whole journey to understanding addictions has began with this extremely true video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8L-0nSYzg I have also tried everything on myself (many years ago, I have only met the person who given me the substance once while dead drunk at a club, can't remember his face, I don't have his number and I don't know where to get meth at all, believe it or not this is true) as well as just meth without the supplements so I could compare and confirm everything (that's not nearly as credible as a good double-blind placebo-controlled test could be but I personally have no doubts, especially in piracetam which is not FDA-approved unfortunately yet extremely effective and safe in big doses as my experience suggests). I am not a doctor, however, and can be wrong in some parts yet I believe no of my advises can harm more than just taking meth without following them (unless the patient happens to be allergic to a particular supplement or something like that). BTW, regarding the "invite him to spend a meth-free weekend at your house" part - be really careful doing this with people you don't know well, some real junkies (I haven't met any but have heard scary rumors, these were more about crack an heroine addicts, not meth, but people are different and some can be more madness-prone than others) can happen to be really dangerous, especially when they go crazy on the drug/withdrawal-induced paranoia. Make sure to keep your wife and children away, knives, guns, jewelry and windows well-locked and have a beefy buddy by your side for just a case - "better safe than sorry". And an addition about magnesium: don't use mg lactate with meth, I don't know the details but I've heard they don't fit together, prefer a chelate, oxide or citrate. Another might-be-important thing I've forgotten to mention is supplementing pro&pre-biotics: meth-induced diarrhea can harm intestinal ecology seriously and a recent study I've read about in New Scientist says the major portion of all body serotonin (which is crucial for emotional well-being and also affected by meth) is produced in the intestines, not in the brain. PS: I'm not on meth writing this much :-) Just too much coffee, "the stairs effect", urge to procrastinate and enthusiasm to help people by sharing understanding :-) I wouldn't call Ram Dass weird, but the others certain are. Especially that "amplified DNA of deceased famous people like Elvis Presley" stuff. So why exactly did they went this loon? Too high dosages? Or did they just realize they can imagine wildly and market that for profit? Why not just use Markov chains to generate nonsensical though realistic text of words that really tend to occur near each other? Cool as hell, I have always wanted this and have been thinking about such a flashcards base every day for quite a time already! Great news it's here! I just hope to see more cool free courses on this platform soon. But there is a feature I want badly: a KDE5 plasmoid widget to show the cards on my desktop, switching them every now and then so they will catch my attention and get memorized as I use my PC (I use it about 10 hours a day and I believe many other hackers do the same) without me having to dedicate time for this. I also believe other people might also appreciate similar desktop widgets for Windows, Android and other platforms. Another feature I miss is a button to discard a card. E.g. when I study country flags and see a flag I remember perfectly and have always knew - I want to click once and never see it again in the repeat series. Also, it would be nice if I could choose the correct answer (e.g. a county name for a flag) by clicking it among a set of options instead of typing it in manually all the time. Does it have an API? I would like to build an app around the flashcards database (a completely free one, giving full and very visible credits to SoYouLearn of course). Can I? So great that there actually are influential politicians who understand that universal income is not a luxury but a necessity for a modern society. Perhaps, yet having to type it every time (I ALWAYS know the correct spelling, for my whole life I have been wondering how do people actually manage to misspell English words, even though English is not my first language ans I have actually had to study it from scratch at the school) is extremely annoying and discouraging, kicking me out of the flow state quickly. I just wonder how much less efficient recognition is compared to recall. IMHO internet projects, especially free data-centric projects shold just be made as granular as possible. There should be a project to maintain the actual data base and independent projects to display and integrate this data. And as far as I know this is how it actually is in the world of OSM though the actual projects are not being developed and marketed actively enough. I may be wrong - I have never really used OSM (I prefer the proprietary map project native to the country I live in - it does the local job much better than both OSM and Google), just read about it a number of times. Forbidding hardware/software owners from exploring and/or modifying the device or the copy of a program they have legitimately bought whatever a way they want and selling their legitimate property (even after they have modified it) just ought to be banned completely IMHO. The main problem of BSD OSes (including FreeBSD and macOS) is that they include different (not 100% compatible) versions of the basic command line tools and the GNU versions usually are better. > I would argue it’s the GNU tools that are not 100% compatible. The BSD tools are very much the same as they always have been in Unix of old. Of course, that's the point: the GNU tools undergo relatively active development and grow better while the BSD tools don't. > So, if anything, it is GNU that is "different" and "incompatible". (Not necessarily a bad thing, mind you) What I mean under "incompatible" is not-supporting everything that the other does. Just couple of trivial examples: `sed -i 's/require/include/' Rakefile` throws `invalid command code R` Mac (you must use `sed -i "" 's/require/include/' Rakefile` instead) and `dd` does not support `status=progress` on Mac so you have to pipe it through `pv` and this is not free in terms of performance. Cool! Thanks! This is a thing I wish every program on every OS would support. What exactly does it do? Although it is such a buzzword nowadays I still have absolute zero idea about how are these "smart contract" things used and what Ethereum is if not "a better BitCoin" (and if it is - what kind of applications can you build with it? money exchange/ecommerce/gambling?). A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions without third parties. Smart Contracts are self-executing contractual states, stored on the blockchain, which nobody controls and therefore everyone can trust. Etc... So what exactly can these be used for other than for what ordinary paper contracts are used? What does it mean to build an app with this? Is this just about developing digital wallets/baskets or what? Yes, I am this stupid when it comes to this subject. I would really appreciate if somebody could direct me to an article/video/book that would explain the thing from the practical point of view for a plain old application developer having zero understanding of what's this all about. And what can this be used for? I can hardly imagine any real-world application for this but distributed calculations like Folding@home, SETI@home, password cracking, DDoS-ing etc. And I totally can't imagine what can this have to do with a GUI framework like vue.js. I have felt this way for my whole life since my very childhood (when working meant doing homework). In my case this is ADHD. Ask your doctor about this. As for me (disclaimer: don't try this without consulting to a doctor, also note neither piracetam nor sunifiram are FDA-approved, anyway sunifiram should never be taken in doses higher than I do - it would do much bad and no good) I have found out empirically (I have tried many different things, adderall helped too but far not this great) that a combination of ¼ of a xanax pill once a day + a combination of 1200mg of piracetam, 4mg of sunifiram, 500mg of l-tyrosine and a strong multivitamin complex pill 2-3 times a day solves the problem by making me happy, concentrated and productive. Is there a reasonably simple (and reasonably documented) yet reasonably usable free open-source application of this kind available to study? By the way, can I use the blockchain as a decentralized replacement for a database (e.g. instead of MongoDB/CouchDB) for my app so that all the data submitted (provided it's lightweight immutable semantic data, i.e. "facts" accompanied with small (never bigger than 256 symbols, usually smaller) amounts of parameters) will be stored in the blockchain? If yes, where do I get started (without having any blockchain experience to the moment)? Is there some kind of tutorial that would explain this vue-ethereum-ipfs things (the README.md of the repo by the links makes near-zero sense to me but I am eager to develop a "multiplayer" VUE app that would store its data "nowhere and everywhere")?