Still not good enough to compile most of their "open source" projects. Windows had it first and then it was added to Linux (at least that's what I'm told). The reason this isn't a mistake is that most desktop apps (unlike mobile apps) are open source and community maintained. Command line apps work pretty well on android, I use them every day. They're in the process of rewriting the DOM handler to support dynamic changes from JavaScript. JavaScript itself runs well. Maybe it would be better to just specify the length of the source file in bytes, so we don't have these weird arguments about line length. Have you ever tried hacking on any of Google's "open source" projects? Android is ~100GB just to download for example, but I think chromium is smaller. Critical systems should be open source by law. Any android ROM is still primarily built for consumption at the end of the day. The good news is that FB has behaved so poorly that almost no one I know uses it or trusts it any more, so we know that in the long run at least this kind of behavior doesn't work. There have been others, at least one last year. I don't know why they say this is the first. After Toyota I don't think I would trust a closed source self driving car. Having ability is not the same as having incentive. And in this case having ability doesn't just mean "showing that it works" like most people seem to think. You can supposedly do Google docs style colaboritive editing with it (and the plugin supports Emacs and atom too). It's a storage api not a spreadsheet api. Dropbox itself can't do that, but it can get you the data and you can use an xls library or program to edit them. As if building android didn't need more bizarre dependencies setup. And how exactly do you build your projects? Msbuild? That's a 2 (4?) GB download. For a long time I only downloaded open source apks. They're easier to find and there's a good chance they're safe. It depends. Older style controls yes, but it wouldn't be hard to use encrypted digital control signals and make that impossible. Android would be a much more interesting is if the source for everything was included and could be compiled on the phone. Satilite ISPs actually do this. The one I had when I lived with my parents gave us 18 GB a month with unlimited downloads between midnight and 5:00 am. Since I ran Linux I'd just throw my heavy downloads in crontab and go to bed and have my big shiny package the next morning. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. On Linux you're allowed to mmap gpio as well if I'm not mistaken. Actually, that looks like it's not run by github at all (github allows it's users to host static pages). Someone else made that and is hosting via github.io and then a 3rd person found this page and linked it using the JavaScript page. Honestly, Gopher is clean and pleasant. I'd imagine one of the problems with that is most researchers must sell the rights to their research to journal publishers. .com and .net are pretty similar if I understand correctly. They do with shell scripts (although there's a way to turn it off). I had a Mac before the iPhone came out but after Lion I switched to Linux. RSA is pretty short (just modular exponentiation). The problem is all the stuff that goes around it: key generation, padding etc. git, tar, make, and gcc (or clang/llvm) Probably still work. That's hilarious. I did this years ago and haven't looked back. You can compile the gimp. Sounds like a furry orgie. The best part about android is that all the important apps are tied together and have to be updated at once. It seems like it really wouldn't be hard to write an MMS worm that stuck around for a while. Qualcomm SOC abandon all hope! Captcha'd downloads are the worst: no restarting, no automation, no direct linking. Preemptive killing like that is murder. It's nice to be able to run go and vim on my phone when I want to. How on earth is that better then a raspberry pi? The math will be a prerequisite so the university will handle making sure he has taken a high enough math. Honestly the hard part about college courses is motivation to study and do assignments not comprehension, so if he is motivated enough he'll do well. So this is why what-if hasn't been updated. My phone has at least two encrypted messaging apps on it that I've been meaning to learn how to use. Everyone I know uses Kik though and has 0 desire to switch. So we really don't know that they where actually using them if that's all they really found. To everyone complaining about the price: It's pretty difficult to build a robot that does much of anything for under ~$40. And this isn't just a robot, it has All these pieces that communicate with each other. You could do this in theory with gpg by signing keys with a master key after generating them but there's no way to do it automatically with ssh (that I'm aware of) I think it only had spheres to terminate each pipe. Just a reminder about why people still use xp:, earlier versions of windows supported a real time mode (sort of like the preempt rt Linux patches). This is needed in order to run some equipment but later versions of windows (post xp) have dropped support for it. Linux software also != website but doesn't suffer from these problems. Current mobile software really sucks in pretty much every way and there's nothing more to be said. While that might be true in theory, in practice app stores aren't much safer then Linux package managers are. You can tell they're non trivial if you do any kind of HF radio stuff. When you plug one in the higher end of the spectrum fills with one kind of wideband digital looking noise for about a second, and then another noise there after. It only says CSE in the readme, which makes sense. The older calculators (including the CSE) use the 8-bit z80 while the CE uses the 24 bit ez80. Furthermore, the OS and app signing keys on the CE have not yet been found. You can't really know what it does because the firmware is closed. Firmware on devices like this is an example of why open source is so important. Golang is pretty great. The power consumption was the number 1 reason I couldn't use the PI in most of my projects so this is super exciting (the number 2 being cost). Of course you don't want web pages opening TCP and UDP sockets. The web isn't for writing apps it's for publicly editable documents with hyperlinks. I'm giving synching a try after fighting with Google drive both on my phone and on my laptop. The complete lack of a Linux client meant I could never heavily use it anyway. iCloud sounds like it has all the Google drive problems and then some. I wanted one of their phones so incredibly badly but you can't buy them here in the US. Now there's the Ubuntu touch phone which you (supposedly) /can/ buy in the us and (from what I've heard) also runs X11 apps. That sounds really cute. But dangerous... It really doesn't matter whether your computer is that fast. For heavy (scientific) number crunching you probably want to use a cloud provider or at least a dedicated machine. For pretty much anything else a two year old phone has plenty of power and it's just a matter of whether the proprietary OS that comes with it lets you run the software you want to run. I honestly don't know what you mean by saying mobile phones are abysmal at multitasking (multi threading? Multiple processes? Drawing Multiple UIs?). Mine doesn't seem to have a problem with multi threading or multiple processes and the only reason I don't use it more is because the UI is horrible and I can't replace it. Also if your source files are long enough to slow your editor down you should probably start factoring stuff out (long files are hard to read), but I've never heard of or seen that actually happening IRL. I suppose there's compiling but I've built kernels and other large things on my phone and it wasn't noticeably worse than my laptop. I bought one and definitely recommend it. I played around writing a brainfuck machine in verilog to learn it and it's very different. Visitor count fluctuations differ on sites with differing content. HN for example has far fewer visitors during the weekend. I stopped using steam because it seems to expect a broadband internet connection. It will often (sometimes without prompting) overwrite and re-download gigabytes of data The university I go to makes a point of telling us almost every day that we have no rights because we signed them away when we accepted the application. Cellular carriers at this point are really just low traffic ISPs anyway. He's dead. Computing theory and information theory apply to much more than just Von Neumann architecture computers. I don't think I've ever thought of "addictive" as a positive attribute to a game. Reddit and HN are addictive, I want entertainment that I can leave when I want and that has depth. Or maybe a ti84+ port? :D Which is how most people.wear watches (especially expensive ones). Just a note to anyone new to rsync and friends: Rsync is a really fast version of cp that also works over networks. Rsync does not go both ways /and/ handle file deletion (you have to choose one or the other), so it can't replace dropbox and syncthing for example. Can't zoom. The reason one would want to do this is to reduce wear on the watch, since the dominant hand is going and doing things the dominant wrist is more likely to be smacked. This goes double for expensive watches. I absolutely love fvwm. Motif beats the pants off gtk any day of the week. He acknowledges and supports that. He's not saying "don't use facebook" but "facebook is fun but temporary, like a party. Don't leave stuff there." Android is an OS for text messaging and web browsing. If that's all you want to do then it's great! Otherwise it's absolutely aweful. This is an underrated post. To bad Google play doesn't offer older version downloads. I've never used x11 on the pi but it seems like a lot of the memory is allocated as disk cache in the default distributions. Plus if you use a crappy/huge DM/WM it will feel sluggish even on a fast computer. All of those are important though. I've watched affluent kids drop out of school due to a lack of hard work. The best thing for reliability is to use multiple companies. AWS has proved that multiple times. Maybe if universities offered incentives to undergraduates who cleaned up some of the articles? It would help them get recognition too. Matrices can be thought of as the coefficients to linear systems of equations. Things that linear systems of equations can do to their input variables are rotations, translations, scaling etc. Perspective distortion is another linear transform so it can be represented by a matrix. That's a good first step, now switch it to UTC. It's what most employers do. I wouldn't be so upset if the divice firmware was completely open source and easily user modifiable (android does not meet this, 100gb source download is not easy to modify). I had to become a failure in the eyes of my parents before I ever started to succeed. Obviously it only works on yes or no questions. Or just disable JavaScript? Seriously: why would you brows for with JavaScript enabled? Don't put HD background images on your website! Desktops have bandwidth caps too and most people are only interested in the page text not frilly multimedia. You're already on tor. JavaScript should be disabled by default in the tor browser bundle anyway. >Beats me why anyone is writing in C full stop. Deterministic execution, type checking at compile time, portability are all just three reasons. C does that too unless you sit in a tight loop polling something all the time. Or you could just not slap a fucking GUI on everything since most Linux users probably don't care. How on earth does this threaten Intel compared to running a normal Linux distro on any other arm machine? I already have a raspberry pi2 B set up identically to my laptop and synced with syncthing and everything just works. If I wanted to leave Intel today I could and nothing would change at all (no thanks to android) No wpa2 support though. I use it for events. Except that the android apps almost all suck. I'd far rather have the Debian repository on my phone than Google play on my laptop. Typical Google product. SMS isn't particularly secure. It's a little disturbing that some people use it for authentication. That was obviously sarcasm. It's always been easy to screw with. Some people don't use both. The university I go to requires giving root access to third party closed source apps to use most of their IT infrastructure. I don't do this of course so I end up having to use things as a "guest" and occasionally my email clients can't sync. That's a good idea for my laptop. When it works the JavaScript is limited. I've never gotten it to work. That depends, the user still has to click the mouse to make it do stuff. We already have open source CASs (a handful in fact). So no one is "building a CAS from scratch". Have you ever tried to compile it? With the current residential bandwidth caps in the US it's not even practical to download the (100GB) source. Perhaps a community maintained search engine? Nope, SMS is incredibly bad. Maybe if someone made an IM app that could interoperate with normal email clients that might be the case. > including the radios We no for a fact that they don't because that's illigal in the US. > including the radios We no for a fact that they don't because that's illigal in the US. The number of gun owners has been rising for a while now. Critical firmware must be open source and public by law. Especially as it continues to take over more control of things like cars. It should mention git pull --rebase. Otherwise it's not very useful since you'll end up clobbering stuff that collaborators have done. Most HAMs know about the dangers of microwave exposure. If it really is an issue I'd expect vision problems first since your eyes are most sensitive. I use mbsync and alpine but obviously since alpine is just an interface to the local maildir I can hop between different mail clients without anything breaking. Icons kind of suck when you can just use text which is smaller and more descriptive. This is definitely an improvement over using webfonts for custom icons though. When I search for the Virginia DMV I have to scroll past a lot of very scammy looking AdWords links. I accidentally clicked DMV.org once or twice. Seeing this makes the web suddenly feel so dark and disorganized. It makes me feel sad :( Underrated post. How hard is compiling an Ubuntu phone kernel compared to android? A lot of things seem that way with the internet but it usually turns out that by making it automatable you can replace slow human processes with instant automatic ones.. I really hate it when people act this way, now I feel the obligation to try and read their mind and figure out if what I'm doing is upsetting them or not. SMS isn't safe. Perhaps if we had some formal description of all the store fronts we could write a program to calculate the "effective rating" for the item being sold and that could help prevent attacks like these. They advertise their CDN for user/organization pages. I've always been a little bothered that they have you use got for that. Don't forget WebDAV. The Debian package repos have some quality apps, they're just not "optimised for touch screens". Connect a transistor to a gpio pin to drive a relay and power the modem through that. SBCs are so cheap at this point just grab one of those and put hostapd and iptables on it. It sounds like the app itself is closed though. Skype probably used openssl (open source crypto) on Linux but that didn't make it secure. Then require that the papers be written in fucking markdown and have pandoc handle the 1" borders and 12pt times New Roman font. I always use elinks when I'm trying to get work done as anything worth reading (documentation etc) works just fine in it but you don't have all the distracting "web stuff". Once upon a time handhelds had hardware buttons (some even had qwerty keyboards in addition to larger hardware buttons) but these have unfortunately been replaced with inaccurate touch screens. You have obviously never used troff then. Git kind of implies that you're going to execute something from the remote end anyway so it's not something like hartbleed.... Oops, my bad. I didn't realize this was a server side issue, that is pretty bad. But ECU and medical device code doesn't need to be published.... It would be easy to build a device that did something similar to this and captured pin codes on ATM machines. I don't understand what these restrictions want to solve when it's so incredibly easy to just fuck around with the WiFi cards in most normal PCs. I never even buy off the shelf routers anymore since it's so easy to just grab an old desktop no one wants for free (or nearly free) and run hostapd on it. Someone (their insurance? Them?) Won't let you rent until you're 25. It's a shame more of it isn't going to financial aid. Maybe the universities would do better investing in student run research. I only have 50 stack overflow points /total/ (although I only very rarely post) so I would absolutely agree that it's way too high. This isn't talked about enough. More people in both secular and religious contexts need to notice how bad this can get sometimes. My parents house (that I used to live at) was a mile from it's mailbox at the end of a long private dirt road. I would walk to get the mail every afternoon (I was homeschooled) to help clear my head and to get some daily exercise. The developer machines are still (by necessity) connected to the Internet. Opera works great on android (although I guess it's still largely WebKit based) That was definitely one of the more readable articles on the front page. IMO if more web developers where blind like this guy then maybe the web would be more readable. No, honestly this is more readable for sited people too (speaking as one). I am 100% for a "bland" web. I thought the PDP-11 had 128k. Apparently these are a huge net (monetary) gain for most schools. This is why web apps are bad. (among other reasons) The UI can change for any reason without you knowing and with no way to stop it. Hahaha. I don't think I've ever used a single web app where the UI got better over time. Perhaps hn is the only exception. I tried to reply to you but I'm on my phone and accidentally hit something else, to get back out I tried to hit the back button but that hit yet another link. Aren't touch screens fun! It could be doing OTA firmware updates for example. Aspell will spell check, I know alpine will let you run this after the email is written, I don't know if mutt or pine will. I actually was taught a lot about personal finance in highschool and was absolutely horrified at the way higher education was financed to the point of avoiding it for years. Community colleges are WAY underrated. Although most of the worth of a degree is the networking you do earning it. It's kind of like "limit" and "dx/dy" in calculus compared to the crazy long prose people in ancient times had to write. There are lots of tiny little issues like this in android that have been fixed for a long time in things like GNU. The worst part about android is that it's just so incredibly huge there's no way for anyone to come in and tweak little things. How do you go about doing this? Last time I started I was told to pull down 100 GB of code. That's ~ the monthly limit of my connection so that wasn't happening I have an hp50g and it kind of sucks in infix mode compared to RPN mode IMO. Everything is hidden behind layers and layers of menus sort of like the TI calculators (which is the point I guess?) Homeschooling is underrated honestly. No, what we need is the ability to modify the system software on our phones easily to stop this kind of thing. On a normal Unix system you would just run the app as a separate user (or worst case, sandbox it) but on android non of the interfaces (or really much of anything at all) can be controlled by the user. Vim/LaTeX is way faster though. And there's no way to make that in any clean way with the web. What's wrong with a sane makefile oriented thing with a small tool chain and letting the user pick the editor/IDE? Why does every large company build out this ridiculous IDE for their product? The worst part about Google maps while driving is that it won't read directions until your right up on the turn. That's a perfectly reasonable goal for a high school or someone performing self study. The whole point of a university is to impart knowledge of subtle things. Thatsthejoke.jpg I hope it's not as "lightweight" as android and chromeos. Inferno runs strait off Linux (you start the emu program). Plan9 also has 9vx or so. Plus with plan9, all you need to start a workstation is 9pcf (the multiboot PC kernel) and a plan9.ini. You can literally just hand those two things to qemu and mount the rootfs from a file server with almost no setup. This is why I generally choose small open source Linux based tools over smartphone apps and the like. I just don't trust app and web developers because they have repeatedly worked against my interests. Plan9 never really was built for clusters. Rather it was it built to unify the configuration and administration of all of your computers. One of the plan9 users put a lot of work into a terminal boot disk that supports rootfs over flakey connections. Also, last I checked I believe 9front supports mounting root over AAN which supports roaming between networks and flakey connections. It's disappointing to see the distrust in Linux even after the developers bend over backwards to keep people from using Wi-Fi devices wrong. Qemu is a thousand times better if your OS has KVM support. Especially for running terminals since the only files you'll need are plan9.ini (a short text file) and 9pcf (the terminal kernel). You don't even have to set up a disk image, it just mounts root from your file server and you have everything ready to go! Go ahead! I don't keep anything on Facebook that I don't have locally. Synching is great for backing things like photos up. Although that sounds like a one way thing that you could do with rsync. Just like he said, that involves touching the screen and opening a menu. There's no predictable way to immediately silence your phone. I have a car that does. My last phone would play audio on it for about 30 seconds and then immediately disconnect. On a previous version of the firmware it would reliably panic and reboot after ~20 minutes of playing music. It worked fine with other speakers but there was something"magical" going on between it and the car. I run my own web server with a residential ISP and they don't seem to mind. But in places like an office or with really crappy ISPs you just don't have a public IP. I've searched for services that just let you forward out a few ports over SSH but these don't seem to exist. Right now, to get to my laptop I have a raspberry pi "jump box" that sits on the book shelf and my laptop connects to it over SSH and forwards out port 80 and 22 so I can get to it from pretty much any network. The SNES was actually supposed to play NES games as well, but that ended up getting dropped. Typing out text isn't hard (and honestly, if you're working with software it's preferable). GUIs give you two things to learn: the fancy editor, and the language. Yeah but that's very closed and it gives apple/Google a lot of power. I think the current chip/pin API is open enough you could probably do it with just your it phone. But the free (as in libre) software movement has done something socially that I don't think could have been accomplished with BSD. That kind of registration sometimes works in the beginning but quickly becomes a mountain of irrelevant requirements and paperwork. At least with jail you have garnanteed food and shelter. Being a sex offender means you're probably never going to be participating in society in any meaningful way anyway and at least prison sentences tend to have an end. My reason is that I'm quite tired of paperwork and suspicion from payment processors when doing totally mundane things (like buying a PDA manufacturered by a small European company). The more of these laws that exist the more shit I have to do as a law abiding citizen. I use bitcoin because I like just not caring. This looks like a great article but on a phone the margins are as wide as the text! And they used that wrapping mode that stretches lines out instead of truncating them which looks great if you don't want to read the text but is super annoying when you are. So it's really a Western web and not an open web. You've proven exactly what everyone on here is saying: there's so much focus on marketing and audiences that many users get completely shafted. That's sad to see given that the web is often heralded as something that gives under privileged people access, and the ability to share, to powerful and useful information. I'll buy one when I can have a room full of xterm windows. That just draws a desktop onto a big texture. Plus it only runs on Windows. That would be super cool but you would have a battery life of like 60 minutes. It's well known that Financial companies are generally among the worst places for programmers to work. Learning COBOL just sets you up for a lot of that. Your phone's antenna probably runs along the side of the screen, same with your laptop's. You want polarisation to match for best signal strength so it's best to have your phone as close to the same angle as your laptop screen as you can get it.