The equation is provided on the same page. It is using the Heaviside step function which allows you to piecewise define the curves and add them all together. The main change from the Jeopardy competitions is they don't need to find an answer in under a second. So you can probably reduce to computitional capability significantly. I know Citi Bank has a disposable credit card number feature though their website. You had to log into your credit card account to use it. Is it a one person car? How long did something like that take you to do? Seems like best to stay away from Walmart. I doubt it costs Cisco anything extra because they probably need the distribution rights for other products they develop (for example WebEx.) Besides it a good PR benefit for them with minimal incremental cost. This question seems totally unreasonable for the length of any technical interview I have taken or conducted. Most interviews run under an hour and focus on multiple topics. Its rare you can focus on one question more than 10 minutes. The rule of thumb I use is that if I'm picking a question as an interviewer, I make sure I can answer that question in 1/3 the time I plan to give to the candidate. Given the pressure that they are under, I expect to owe that that much. Right now I'm browsing HN while eating at my desk. What is the fewest number of moves than one can lose a game of chess assuming the losing side is trying to the worst possible. Better deal than $3 billion for a company that makes thermostats. I'm guessing this is not an engineer designed product. I can see there will be a lot of technical issues to solve. Also the kind of connectors displayed can easily cost hundreds of dollars if they are custom made. FPGA are still more costly when compared to ASIC in large volume. Some of these high end FPGA can run $1K to $10K assuming you have even access to them due to their limited availability. Probably a fire code violation if a power loss prevents you from opening the door to escape. The whole point of that API is crowd source collection of data so everyone can benefit. If electric cars are already a good deal do we still need to have tax incentives? But why restrict the gov't ability to provide free online filing. If TurboTax can provide an alternative that is better then they can still make money by providing value. Are you old enough to remember the dot com bubble and bust? School of hard knocks VC investment don't guarantee a return. The market has decided that the company is worth little. The language color forth does this. atwood's law They are tax payer subsidized. I'm living in one of the top cities in the Bay Area and they don't yet cover there. Amazon already allows DRM free publications to be emailed into Kindle devices. My point being they are stating that their service is available to 137M people. The bay area is one of the top population centers in the US so I'm surprised they say they can get 40-50% coverage. I have gotten DRM free books from O'reilly's, Informit, Peachpit and Apress. Although all technical books, they are all major publishers. The MorphOS license cost 3x more than the value of my old G4 laptop. The ones with the "P" flags are prefail indicators that the controller manufacturer thinks will indicate failure. When value goes below threshold, it sets a SMART prefail status indicator that the host controller can poll. Unfortunately for SATA there is no way for SSD to interrupt the host controller to give such a warning so you need some kind of monitoring software to periodically poll the SMART status. Your drive looks in good shape in my opinion but thinks can always change suddenly so always backup. Are "logistics" companies valued higher than other industries? What is the name of this game? I thought research was funded through grants and sports was self funding? Accounting seems to something that is easy to offshore. Two companies I've worked at moved the low level accounting tasks to India and Macao respectively. Much of it is mechanical in nature and once the grunt work is done you can have someone local crosscheck it if needed. Would be interesting to see their BMI. People always say BMI is not a good indicator for athletes. Does "end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement" mean there is zero change of a bug or security flaw? My Citizen Eco-Drive gets charged through solar power in daily use. It is one less think I need to charge on a daily basis. Make sure to subtract the extra labor cost of doing all these measurements and the loss of customers in implementing this policy. What about wheelchairs, service dogs and baby carriers brought on board? You need to put up some examples of what can be done by this service. Something visitors can interact with without registering is ideal to convince them to register. This problem exists at all levels of governmental agencies if you ever have to interact with them. Even been to the DMV? Driving takes 2 hours at peak commute hours. Lots of issues will need to be worked out for this to be viable. 4 layers minimum (ground, power, 2 routing planes). High pitch TSOP and BGA need tight pitches and traces. The width of traces and spacing and dielectric material need tight tolerances for impedance control for signal integrity. But they are not asking for much of an investment so it may be worthwhile to try it out. Why don't you write some up yourselves to improve the situation. So does the rest of the companies along the delivery chain. Yes you do get charged for incoming calls and text. However most wireless carriers are now pushing plans with unlimited talk, text and data. We don't get much SMS spam in the US. An audience of one. What about on a piece of paper? In front of a computer. How would do in code reviews? You can state your concerns to the interviewer to see if they can accommodate. I'm guess in expensive cities, the occupancy rates will be higher since visitors are more likely to look for deals. There is a large variability in the water for fresh coconut. You have to pick it at the right point. In the costal areas of India there are considerable amounts of coconut trees. Its not uncommon for a family with a moderate lot to have dozens of coconut trees. When I heard the words Goldman and Arbitrage, I was expecting the worst. This is not going to solve the pestering problem because there are far more homeless than the needs for fonts. I've been seeing 3 large manufacturing buildings being constructed on highway 580 a mile away from the Tesla plant. I wonder if Musk is considering those as a possibility. Is there any money in twitch except through acquisition? Good thing it is no 65536 plaintiffs or the 16-bit counter will overflow! Many times people whose family were poor don't have access to the opportunities when they are young to make a better a better life for themselves when they are older. It is probably the demonisation of fat that pushed people to consume excessive sugar. That should be clarified as an 8 year warranty on the battery and drive train. Investment banks have people working 100 hour weeks? This is like 14 hours every day a week with nothing else other than eating and sleeping. I don't think I've ever done anything that grueling in silicon valley. What about the charging cable? People also get different "interpretations" from different doctors. Is it expensive relative to your income? What was your mix of loan grades? Did you have any grade A loans default? Most landlords have a loan and haven't fully paid for their property. If the property goes into foreclosure, do you want to owner to go to debtors prison until they pay off their debt because obviously is the banks/investors money? Fact is as a property owner you have gotten certain concessions from society and similar ones are given to renters. How do these systems work if there are not enough stations to return your bike? He makes average assumptions about car ownership but then makes optimistic assumptions about UberX. Like no surge pricing, productivity and wait times. The biggest thing is of course Uber is available in a few cities. Places like SF and Manhattan it might be convenient since everything is nearby but in LA and Silicon Valley everything is spread out. How much extra power do you consume to run such a system 24/7? This is different that what we have been told which is to reduce fat and eat more whole grains and vegetables. You are saying that we just need to restrict our food choices. If you scale this to an average person making $50K a year, it would like a $5 fine. Now everything wrong about my LG tv makes sense! I don't see any negatives to having these body cameras for police officers. Not even in terms of costs since reduced lawsuit litigation and settlements so counteract that. You cant do "add fare" like in the bay area BART system make up the difference? Why do they do the IPO in the US with a highly regulated financial industry? I seemed to have read that in such contradictions, these ambiguities are resolved in the favor of the one who didn't draft the documents ie the employee in this case. But i'm also surprised HR wouldn't discuss with their legal counsel. Anyone know the medium amount an Uber driver makes? They only give the max. What exactly do you develop with Common Lisp? Are any of these software tools available as open source so I can see the advantage of using Lisp? What is this... a radio for ants? But seriously speaking, at the frequencies used, I'm guessing it is meant for some bluetooth application? I wonder what should happen if the driver is severely allergic to dogs? How would this be resolved? It is also because being a doctor is considered high status in India. Higher than lawyers, businessmen, engineers. Also they also command a high income. So what you did of offering a tip is more of an insult. The government hospital can be poorly run and unsanitary and most people who can afford it go to private ones. I guess still better than nothing. The best thing you as a customer can do in these cases is if you find a good cleaner, work with them directly instead of through Homejoy. Then you don't have to pay for the middle man. It would probably be easier to work with state legislators to change the laws. Why the exception for Lake Tahoe? They are not employees of HomeJoy. Hopefully they can work out the kinks under the US is ready to adopt it. I seem to remember something similar but used a C like language. Because the more contractual arrangements they have the more the start looking like employees. FedEx is dealing with this right now with their contract workers. They are independent contractors so whatever they do on their own time is their own business. Mostly they are trying to build a business without taking any of the responsibilities. Corporations always manage to openly defy laws and survive with a slap on the wrist. Here is the best I can find on the clean air standards. I think pushing taxi companies to use hybrids, all electric, natural gas vehicles, etc. http://www.sfmta.com/about-sfmta/blog/sf%E2%80%99s-taxis-can... I think nothing will turn them around. Look at all the local bookstores and video stores that are gone. There are lots on online DIY electronics websites. Want cheap cables got to monoprice.com. Times have just changed for Radio Shack. A lot of what you mention above are niche activities that will not substain them much longer. I don't know where you find candidates that can even approach this level of skill or desire to solve puzzles. Most people I interview struggle with a few lines C program coding. What are the major changes from the 1st edition? I had bought the old one just a few months back... Firmware engineers. Basically C programming and working close to the hardware. Some examples of coding questions I've asked in the past: reverse a string in place. Ones count of an integer. I'm testing if they understand pointers and bit manipulations for example. These should be answerable in 5 minutes max in 5 lines of C code. The incorrect answers candidates generate surprise me. A Nest thermostat is quite expensive if think about it. An average Honeywell thermostat is maybe $50 while a Nest is $250. Also the cylindrical design of the Nest is a little easier to manufacture. No water shortage except for small settlements that don't a well defined water rights and agreements. Mostly cities are asking us to cut back on watering our lawns and our rates have gone up a little. We for example got rid of the lawn in our back yard. We plan to grow a flower and vegetable garden when things improve. I'm guessing they are no longer around? I'm guessing the joke that that a "score" is an obscure unit of measure. I wonder if a second stationary cell phone can be used to do differential GPS and cancel out some of errors? I don't see how this betting scheme can be of advantage if each game round is independent of the previous. Plus many casinos put a maximum bet limit anyway if you could somehow make it work. I know many compilers use this optimization. However I recently used this for the case where the divisor was a variable but restricted to a few possible values. I expanded it to a switch case statement where each possible divisor was expanded to a constant value allowing for this optimization. For this processor, there is no hardware divide so this made for significant performance gains. I have a drink maybe once in three months. I though I was unusual given so many people around me drive much more. Now I realize I'm closer to the medium. I believe Consumer Reports should redo with a 4 point bending test to end this controversy once and for all. Then we can compare all products on equal footing. 3 point loading puts peak moment at one point while 4 point distributes the moment over a wider area to find the weakest point. You can do a simple statics analysis to show this. The only innovation I need right now is improved battery life. If I could last a week of normal use without needing to recharge I'd be quite happy. I've been tracking the U6 unemployment rate which is much more pessimistic and it is also tracking down steadily. http://portalseven.com/employment/unemployment_rate_u6.jsp Interesting but who generates the other two graphs and what is their source of data? Compaq and Packard Bell. The two company challenge. Looks a lot like the ARM architecture. I guess people are wealthy enough to spend this kind of money on a collectible (or get worn out if you actually use it.)? Marc should know about monopolies. Microsoft started giving web browsers for free to undercut Netscape's business model. Once your competitors go out of business, you would be free to raise your prices. BART station is directly next to the terminal. Exit at Embarcadero station. Most of the BART stations in SF are walking distance of each other. You can actually walk from there to the pier with the Alcatraz ferry if you feel like it. Make sure you get a ticket for Alcatraz ahead of time as it runs out fast. Another option is stop at Montgomery station and taking a cable car to the piers. Also get a city pass you if want to visit multiple things in a day and save some money. http://www.citypass.com/san-francisco Can you provide a link to this? New trademark under consideration... KDE :) You still need analog engineers for SoC chip design including voltage regulators and detectors, PLL and clock generation, IO pads. Sometimes competition with lower costs lead to a race to the bottom in quality where you cannot even buy anything of the former quality even at higher prices. You will see carriers nickel and dime you everything that was previously included. I think more recent space missions use special radiation hardened Power PC processors. But the fact that very few people are skilled at it makes it hard to use in practice. They should call it a "Scooty Puff Jr". yes, tax payers should fund publishers for free. plonk. What is the impact on Yosemite if I don't actively use AirDrop. Does it still cause WiFi issues? I'm not clear on the severity of the issue. Wonderful! Just last week, Samsung did an update on my phone software and installed the Uber app automatically. Glad I removed it after that. That is what we did in California. We started capping the rate of growth of property taxes. Now old people and companies pay little property taxes since they bought the property long ago. Meanwhile the young people usually end up paying the bulk of the property taxes (along with sky high mortgages.) I really loved this. Are there anything else similar elsewhere? Can you cite your sources? A lot of the salary and pension information for California public employees is available online anyway for people to decide themselves. For example, the follow is pages of people who make 6 figure pensions. http://transparentcalifornia.com/pensions/2011/university-ca... I don't know of any 401K plans that can top these numbers. I was wondering why they would need employee negotiations until I realized this was in Finland. In the US, you would come in one day to work and you badge would no longer work! Where do you live? Do you use electricity for heating? I'm in California and for a 1500 sf house, it costs us roughly $600 in electricity and $600 is gas per year. This actually an old house with some insulation. I think it would be more efficient for me to improve the insulation and water heater/furnace before even considering solar panels. I wish they would subsidize these other improvements as much as solar panels. They could start testing this on our governmental representatives first to measure the impact. The legal process can move very slowly in India. It can take a decade for trials even for crimes with solid evidence. On rescheduling, the candidate should also be considerate of the interviewer. Too many times, candidates have scheduled a interview for early morning (because they don't want to take time off from their current job) then while I'm driving to work early, call 20 minutes before to say they are "sick" and cancel. If you feel you are getting sick, try to cancel much earlier so as not to inconvenience others. Please no personal attacks. What would happen if there is no water in the reservoir and you turned on the heating element? The Google News website doesn't show any banner ads. I just donated... I use them all the time to look up old computer magazines from the 90s. So you are saying that Google should be charging the sites money since it brings them ad traffic? Look how many computer magazines are available: https://archive.org/details/computermagazines Here is something from Fortune magazine: http://fortune.com/2014/12/11/google-russia-engineering/ Where can I find out about what information is monitored (ie the Event ID information.) I still see tight hardware constraints now. Until '10 I was working at a company that made flash CF cards which used 8-bit processors. 32K of SRAM and 64K of code space with bank switching. Every clock cycled mattered. Hand coded division operations. 32-bit integers are a luxury. Even wrote some self modifying code for an inner loop that boosted performance by 25%. Nowadays that company is using ARM processors but you still hit constraints (usually memory) not seen on PCs and servers. Yeah low-level programming was why I have been working on firmware for a long time. But working on truly resource constrained systems can get old. Instead of really solving the problem at hand, you have to work on quirks and idiosyncrasies. I'm glad that we are now working on 32-bit processors. I wish there was a good book on GPU architecture and even micro-architecture. I just like reading about this stuff and how they work. I think they submit the sequence description file to that website and capture the returned image. I was reading an article that until recently, iPhones cost less in Russia vs the nearby EU countries so there were lots bought in Russia from other EU countries. I wonder how to do this with engineering that requires deep knowledge. At my work we have SoC designers, layout, analog designers, board layout and firmware among the engineering departments. I don't think we can even rotate within the engineering departments as everything is so specialized. Really good candidates will have multiple offers and given equal choices of companies, will choose those which make them not run through hoops. Yes but by doing this they have shifted all the risks to the candidate. Unless the company is super hot or they substantially compensate financially for that risk. So if two companies gave similar perks but one required you to jump through hoops, which one do you think a majority would consider? Regarding roundabouts I personally find them confusing since they are not common where I live but I wonder if the main benefit of a roundabout it that the curve forces people to slow down instead of gunning through a yellow/red light. But you are supposed to tip even poor taxi drivers and waiters. But how often do people use cabs in Manhattan? If you used it say twice a weekday then that is like $10K a year on cabs alone! How much does it cost to live there? Like that guy who is running a grocery store? Seems like he could spend his whole day with browsing the web given the customers to expect! Will Intel build any NUCs with these chips? I was thinking of buying one with the current generation and would rather wait if they have any plans. Lower power would be nice for the energy savings and reduced fan noise. I'd like to get one of these as a Linux home server. I'm presuming you are talking about Google? Why can't they then just hire in their offshore offices then? Can you elaborate of what you think would have changed? You can still run LISP on x86 hardware. They should call it the "Thorium Brotherhood". Imaging a $1M salary being common in 40 years! How does on balance the lower salary with the increased equity in making a decision? Beyond some low value, the IRS expects you to get an independent evaluation of fair market value for tax deduction. I'm sure you would get audited otherwise. Funny I know electrical engineers names Bernard, Alfred and Eugene all from the same company... 1. Often non-technical people have not the skills and experiences in being good managers to lead engineering teams. 2. Having strong technical skills (engineer or programmer) and then moving into middle management can often help you get buy-in from those above and below you. They may look up to you, ask for your guidance or defer to you decisions. It comes from the early x86 processors not having an "no-execute" permission bit for page table entries. In the AMD64 bit architecture, an NX bit was added. Well the iron fish does solved the issue of medical compliance. What good are iron pots or pieces of iron if the villagers not follow the advice. Can it do 4 layer PCBs? Probably the most important thing missing. Then why not just stay fully in Switzerland? It was mentioned by someone here or on Reddit previously that there is a lot of financial bets going on on whether RadioShack survives or not. In many cases in the past those who are betting that they survive have given RadioShack a lifeline in terms of loans and financing in order for them to survive so that the investors win their bets. I'm sure this is still going on still and it is no longer a question of fundamentals for RadioShack and rather a high stakes power game in the financial markets. Can people in now go to India on medical tourism and get the treatment much cheaper? I feel if companies want to operate globally then consumers so be able operate globally. There are certainly issues of concern and needs to be improved. There have been recalls and bans elsewhere also. Ultimately though given the state of the medical industry in the US, if the only choices are get in insurmountable debts or die due to lack of medical care, a third option of affordable medicine and some small risk might be worthwhile. It is coming to an era where becoming the middle man is where the money is at. You basically get a webpage, some customer traction and take a 20-30% cut of the transaction. Yes, kind of like in the cable and cellphone industry. Kind of explains why they bought Mojang for Minecraft! How many employees does IBM even have in the US anyway? Except for a few research or sales divisions, I'm sure very little is left. I though it was $1B is sales. Instead it is just valuation. Maybe something related to Windows 95? Unions allow for a "cocky educated" technician. I was once trying to compare US unemployment to other countries but was not sure which "U" statistic is closest to how others measure unemployment. Anyone has an idea for example within the EU? I don't think many dental coverage plans cover orthodontics for adults and the cost can be significant. Gyroscopes or acceleratometers? How many axis? Why do you think real estate is unaffordable is some parts of the Bay Area? Some people are getting sky high pay and bonuses. Never heard of craftmanship.net. They have lots of other interesting articles! Not sure where you are located but did you try community college? In some states they are quite subsidized. A vast number of recruiters are not in-house recruiters so they will never have most of this information anyway. I know someone who has a last name "I". His first name starts with H so his work email address was hi@company.com. Wow I didn't know there was a website where people talk about all the things they carry around... If you enjoyed watching, it might be an ASMR effect. How many weeks of the year does she work as a high school teacher? It means they were too lazy to dig up better statistics for the US. A lot of the C programming opportunities come in firmware development. It doesn't all require working with kernel modules or EE. Think of things like Nest, fitbit, etc. You could get an ARM microcontroller board and build up some gadget with it to see if the work interests you. A good way to get Safari Books Online is to join the ACM organization. You get a subset of Safari and other bookstores for around $100 a year. There maybe others with the same deal. Sure but the full version starts at $399 per year. If you only occasionally read the books that the $100 might be a better deal supplemented by buying specific books you really want. 4KB random writes should have a WAF of 2-7 depending on over provisioning and assuming random writes. But real workload are not purely random so it will be better than that. Maybe the correct incentive structure is to give the employees a meaningful percent of shares given that someone would choose $5K towards base salary over whatever pitiful shares the offered. They way you funnel it into the economy makes a difference. It could also be spend on infrastructure, education, heath care. The word "tech" has lost all its meaning now... basically if you do anything online your are considered a tech company.