> Assuming that Twitter has 2M users Crazy as it sounds, Twitter is far from that popular. It has mindshare in the tech sector, but is for from widely adopted. http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/summize_twitter_trends.... There are a couple hundred thousand active users per week. It's probably close to that per day, but still only a couple hundred thousand. I believe the free option is to use the carrier supplied email gateways (which is what something like Google Maps uses to send addresses). If you want a full two-way messaging system like Twitter, you have to pay up. You can find open source software, but you need access to the networks and that's going to cost money. It's quite a racket, they often charge both the sender and the receiver. Both PayFlow (now owned by PayPal) and Authorize.net make subscription billing easily programmed. Authorize probably makes it a little easier because they have more code samples, but it's really just an API call for whichever. No, it doesn't really make sense. What it the AP wouldn't write about something that Reuters already did? News is news, but demanding first or nothing is a very poor technique. I wouldn't worry about it. TechCrunch is not always a huge traffic driver (nor is Mashable obviously) and I wouldn't want to reward their petty games anyway. What's TC's goal? Covering web startups or covering web startups that Mashable hasn't written about? The content at TC has been going down hill for a long time, but this is really pathetic. Obviously, but this is a mention, not a feature article in an entertainment magazine. Engadget will cover something after Gizmodo and vice versa. It's ridiculous that TechCrunch won't. I stopped reading TC a while ago because the signal to noise ratio started diving, but I wouldn't read it now even if it had great content. I don't care who has what first, I'll read who's comprehensive and honest. Mike wants to be the new CNET and that's not going to happen by being a bitch about being first. TechCrunch didn't exactly have a high bar for technical knowledge before, but Gillmor is definitely lowering the bar. He's the John Dvorak of web 2.0. He's perfect for TC's style of throwing shit up against the wall and not linking (and possibly blocking) anyone that refutes it. A high-deductible plan with an HSA is the way to go. You can put up to your deductible into the HSA annually with pre-tax dollars, so after a year or two you have money in the bank in case anything happens (and depending on your cash-flow can either continue to pay into). It's a great deal. The lander is powered by a 33MHz computer that costs $200-300k. I love how much gets done with so little power. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD6000 I couldn't find what language they were working in, does anyone know? Ada? I would be shocked if the actual rovers used Java. Perhaps Java is used in the tools used to control them (that send the signals), but not the little guys themselves. Facebook's definitely spending more than $1m a month. Way more. They have over 500 employees. Do the math, at $1m/mo and only factoring in staff costs everyone would have to be making 24k a year without any benefits. I would say $10m/mo is a conservative estimate. > They are the preeminent news source Except when Mashable writes about something first and TechCrunch refuses to follow. Writers very frequently use the dictionary. There is no problem with it, that's why we have dictionaries. I think the idea is choice. A device maker could make a dumbed down version for mom and a power user version for you. The iPhone is somewhere inbetween. Perhaps the servers were not near the explosion? Twitter definitely does not have millions of daily active users. There are only 824M total tweets. Comparing IDs from posts 24 hours apart shows there were ~500,000 tweets in the past 24 hours. Your guess is still way high. It's around 200,000 active per week. Probably close to that every day as well since it's a dedicated group. http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/04/29/end-of-speculation-the-... A Flash interface is not going to help kill Amazon. Lower prices and faster shipping would. Amazon massacres the new Borders on price. Not to mention selecting "Books" on the top menu gets me an error message on a blank page: > This page can't be displayed due to a security violation. Contact support for additional information I can just see Amazon quivering. Did they try and balance prick bias? A lot of brain surgeons are hot shots. Hot shots like to show how important they are by using a hands free unit (Mr. Important can't be bothered to use a hand while he's rudely talking on the phone in line at Starbucks). Thus, brain surgeons are likely to use hands free units. It's in San Francisco. They probably buy from the VCs. Not real likely to be attacked, since they would not only need to know the database name, but the address of the PHPMyAdmin install. But hopefully it's addressed quickly. I don't have PHPMyAdmin installed locally, I use GUI client. And you also don't know the name of my databases. As I said, I hope it gets addressed quickly, but I just don't see it very likely that this will be exploited whatsoever. But you still need to know the address of the site. You'd need to create a new attack site for every victim. And then lure the victim there after they had just been in PHPMyAdmin. Not exactly like a CSRF in Facebook or something. It should definitely be fixed, but it really is a weak attack. And then they could create company stores and pay in company money. It would be a closed system! The distances in the US might be larger, but the pattern similar. Most people go between home and work. And then other trips are similar--shop at the same stores, go out at the same restaurants, etc. Most weeks I don't leave a three mile radius. Since it funds the development of FireFox, I don't really care. I wasn't going to use Live.com anyway. An office full of shysters. You should start selling the ice from the freezer to eskimos. Congrats on the sales though, that's pretty bad ass. The health of the CEO definitely has impacts on the company, especially so in Apple's case. The health of Apple is directly related to Jobs, much more so than any other large company I can think of. There was an article (can't remember where) about his first bout with cancer and the struggle he had to stay on the up and up with the SEC. Basically it's his private matter up until it would be likely to affect his performance. It's kind of a grey area, but keeping things disclosed is much better for the company. It's pretty depressing, but you'd have all sorts of insider trading problems with only a few people knowing you're sick. The people who would know (nurses, doctors, etc) would probably be fairly under the radar as far as that's concerned too. I think it's handy for apps you use all day, such as Gmail. It shows up in the Dock with a Gmail logo, if you quit Safari your Gmail doesn't go away, etc etc. You can do video-to-video chatting in many countries. Most 3G phones outside of the US have a front-facing camera for exactly this purpose. It's not that great though, I can do video chat on my computer and never use it. What's going to be left to do at Yahoo? Develop Yahoo! Mail? Or is that going to be Gmail as well. ... By not requiring $90 a month plans. I love the humility: > Yahoo Stock is down sharply based on this story and a follow up by Reuters. It was the "follow up" by one of the most widely read and respected news sources. Once it hit Reuters and WSJ it was up on Drudge, CNN, etc. That caused the stock to dive, not a mention on TC inbetween Twitter rants. Why? This would be outsourcing Yahoo's heart and soul. It's a major game changer and has dramatic long term effects in terms of growth and probability. Search and advertising sales. Until the cash (not stock) is in your account, you have nothing. Considering the finicky audience and the trouble monetizing it, FB could very well pull a Friendster. There are plenty of other successful companies that weren't founded on fucking over everyone who helped in the early stages. Google for example. They didn't transfer the IP to a new corp after they realized it was a good idea. You don't get quotes in the NY Times like this every day: > "The redesign is intended to address a problem of social networking sites, which is that many user pages have the aesthetic appeal of a 14-year-old’s high-school locker." And the situation isn't so bad, MySpace is still trouncing FaceBook in revenue. You read wrong my friend: > Not all of reddit's code will be released, however. Huffman told me that while about 95 percent of reddit's code base is getting released at code.reddit.com under the CPAL license (the same one Facebook used to open source its own platform), including the rating algorithm that chooses which stories float to the front page http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/db/sorts.py http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/normalized_hot.py No it's not, it searches entire URLs, names, etc. So site.com/news will come up as well. I found the "awesome bar" entirely un-awesome as well. Probably not after the whole eBay fiasco. > © 2008 Copyright of Icahn Blog LLC All business. Always. But then you have to have the full domain, which is shitty. Defeats the purpose of having it search at all. I thought it was going to be about a system of being a dick to everyone you've ever done business with or who helped you early on, but this is almost as obvious. Unless you're huge you aren't going to connect directly in with the operators. There are too many and the implementation is hell. You connect into a middleman who has direct connections to all the majors. Search for premium SMS providers. There are quite a few. It's probably not going to be cheap, especially if you want a dedicated short code (they rake you over the coals for that). m-bill.net is one that came up for me and I've heard of them in the past. They have agreements in place internationally, which can be a really good thing. But they don't list prices, which can be a bad sign. Realistically you're probably looking at $1000 a month minimum. And giving up about half the revenue (I think a lot goes to the carrier, but you can't really find out the exact percentage because the providers work off volume and what not). That's not for PSMS though (which is what the OP was talking about, transactions and all that). Responding to users still is not PSMS. Whole different game. Apple isn't even in the smartphone market yet. You can't install apps. Yes, but not Valley hipsters so no one pays attention. SMS isn't even a big part of Twitter--most of their traffic goes through the API. It really is Twitter for links, they even have the uptime record! You should probably detect browsers because the .xpi I just downloaded does nothing for Safari. There's nothing about the page that says you need FireFox. Apparently they consider XSS a feature. That's a first! I've done it both ways and the customer service reps much prefer when it lets you know if the email was sent or not. Otherwise they get lots of calls from unhappy people who put in their old email address and didn't get their login info. It's a usability trade off. I think a good compromise is limiting to a few attempts within a time period. That way you won't get a dictionary attack, but if someone has to try a few email addresses they can. Why would you even want your account back? Facebook doesn't deserve your page views. The only data he really lost is messages and what not, which isn't too bad (I doubt many people store life critical data in their Facebook messages). Photos he should already have on his computer. It sounded to me that he wanted his Facebook account back so he could continue to use the site, not capture posts he made so they could be saved. Anyway, I'd treat it as a lesson learned. You have no recourse with a free service. Don't count on it as always being there. Especially for services like Facebook that are burning through crazy amounts of cash. Facebook could go away entirely tomorrow and the world wouldn't grind to a halt. Yea, he seems like a reasonable guy. Just make sure to not mention any business ideas in your email. Thanks for linking to a quote instead of the whole memo. http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/dayart/PDF/Gates/gatesmail15.p... - For companies trying to protect their trademark, the job just got [infinitely] harder. - It will be harder to tell you're being phished (apple.computer is a fake?) - Companies with half a million dollars to burn will now own TLDs and have an advantage over smaller companies - It means you now have to remember two pieces of information, the domain and the TLD - It's simply a money grab by ICANN - etc My guess is most traffic will stay at the current TLDs just like the recent ones haven't done much (.biz, .info, .mobi, etc). I'm assuming congrats for the $100m. That's something to be proud of. Google doing it isn't nearly the same as 10 million users doing it. In fact, this type of activity should be limited to search engines, not client-side apps. Except the part about (possibly artificially) not having enough supply for an absurd amount of time. You can only sell software to people with the hardware, it makes sense to get the hardware out there. Correct, but with billions of dollars at stake it seems like they should have been able to figure it out. They made almost $5 billion in cash last year. This isn't a little startup trying to do something scrappy. If I was an exec I would be concerned why my company can't figure out how to make enough widgets 1.5 years after launch. Every time I walk by the Wii shelf at Target it's empty. They sell for more than retail on eBay (and being bid on heavily). Demand isn't being met. Yea, but the OP is doing longer and more frequent (2hrs x 6d). That's hardcore. Without knowing the actual costs, it's impossible to answer. Usually consumer electronics get cheaper when you make more of them. I would have bought one if not two (for a gift) if they were available. Now I'm not buying any. They not only lose out on the unit sale, but all subsequent accessory and software sales. So even if making an extra 500k per month cost them marginally, they have 500k more possible sales for all their Wii software and accessories. I don't really care that much, it's just the first time I can remember this happening in CE. Companies usually wake up and fix supply issues. Nintendo of America is as confused as I am: http://www.joystiq.com/2008/04/24/nintendo-of-america-passio... Then raise the price. They are selling higher than list on eBay still, which shows things aren't quite balanced. Watch out, Zuck's gonna steal their spot! And without competent and effective executives you would have no company to work at. You both need each other. And how many stock options have engineers gotten? I bet Google has made more nerd millionaires than MBA millionaires. This is nothing but fluff. Amazon and PayPal already do this and (not surprisingly) it's not too popular. I'd rather just buy you a damn beer at the bar than send you a few bucks. I'd much prefer RFID inside mobile phones to catch on so that I can just do payments with it instead of cash/cards. PayPal and Amazon are extremely popular. Their mobile payment services, while quite easy to use, are not popular. I think PayPal even shuttered their SMS service and is keeping with the mobile site. Amazon's was actually a YCombinator startup (TextPayMe.com). If you're looking to pay your brother for ice cream, get on it: https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/productsServices?sn=mo... It's almost exactly what this clown thinks is going to make Twitter with a billion dollars, but already in existence and not worth a billion dollars. Oh and you can count on Amazon's service working for more than 10 minutes without going down. That's gotta be worth something. And technically it's still losing money hand over fist. But I'm with you, I think niche social networks have more money making potential actually. Linked In is a good example, they have been profitable for a while. You should really note what kind of shirts you're printing on. By the sizing chart it appears to be American Apparel (nice shirts, I wear one of theirs about every day). But I'm not going to buy a shirt, especially after the first few cheaper ones sell out, without knowing the specs. Then no one could choose a size. It's a tough printing job any way you slice it. Perhaps doing it in house would be a little faster, but that takes a lot of time and money. And it is seemingly getting slower. Lots of complaints about speed with the latest 1.2 release. CakePHP 1.2.0.7125 rc1 was used in the test, that's pretty current (rc2 is the latest). Having no problems with speed doesn't mean it's slow--you just might have pushed it beyond the three requests per second that it can handle. Decentralizing and API are coming soon apparently. The decentralized aspect through http://openmicroblogging.org/ Twitter as a platform was a shitty idea from the start. Imagine all blogs/subscriptions handled by one company. A group of big players and then the ability to host your own will make microblogging stable and popular. The problem with Twitter is that it's centralized. It's silly to get locked into a vendor and then be surprised when they can't meet your needs. Blogs aren't all hosted by one startup and neither should microblogs. And sadly it's not even close to large-scale yet. They only have a few hundred thousand users. It doesn't mean the largest installation is under 1,000. It means the largest all at once switch was 1,000 (at least that was publicized, these things aren't always). Switching from one platform to another is pretty rare. By some estimates, marijuana is the largest cash crop in the US. It's very much a local industry. (You probably don't have people in your neighborhood growing tobacco, but you almost certainly have people growing marijuana.) http://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=2735017&page=1 Fixed the link. Marijuana has a long history too. If it were legalized, the industry would be taxed just like tobacco. If tobacco was outlawed there would be underground tobacco farmers just like we have today with weed. It's silly to say tobacco is good because the farmers are good people who had parents who did the same thing. Their crop kills thousands of people. Weed kills no one. I'm for legalization of both, but by the numbers tobacco is the one we should be worried about. Seems to be an odd purchase. They already have access to all the data, how hard is it to write a simple search layer? Touche. But since Summize is tapping their API, they are already paying for Summize to scale. Fun how that works. I'm guessing you never baked before, but batches aren't one dozen and you can whip through them in short order. 240 cookies (er, biscuits) would be about 10 cycles if you have two half sheet pans. Depending on chill time (if any) you could knock through it in a regular home oven in three hours fairly easily. With some actual equipment and a helper, it would be half that. Bakeries make ridiculous amounts of baked goods and still time find to sell 'em. ... Graphs you pulled out of your ass. When someone claims they have the graphs to prove something, it is implied that they are backed up by something other than conjecture. There is going to be lot of crap to sift through. It would probably have been a better idea to let anyone distribute iPhone apps and then only include decent ones in the store. Stuff like Tom Peck's many novel apps (literally public domain novels made into an "application", one per app) don't make your platform look cutting edge. Anyone find anything really cool? Update: not sure why Apple let this through, but Tom got 43 novels posted as separate applications. That's a pretty high percentage of the total store! http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewArtist... Shout It is just as useful... This is the equivalent of allowing someone to post their first music lessons for sale on iTunes. No one wants to buy (or if it's free, download) your Hello World app. Show your mom, don't try and impress anyone else. http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftwa... The podcast list is moderated, but fairly open. However the app store is a commercial entity and different quality measures should be expected. Much like how you can assume base quality measures for iTunes paid content (certain bit rate, perfectly legal, it comes with album art, it will really work on your iPod, etc etc). Since they are letting so much crap through it's pretty likely they aren't actually looking at all the apps. I gotta imagine Steve Jobs isn't going to smile when he sees 10% of the apps in his store are public domain books. One of the benefits of a walled garden is a base line of quality. I still haven't heard the customer service side of the app store. What kind of data do you get about your customers? How do you make paid updates? How do you do demo copies? Evaluation copies? Who decides when a customer gets a refund? Etc etc. Since it's Apple's merch account they have the last say, but to date they haven't said much to developers. An ebook reader might be a good app, but selling public domain books as individual apps feels like blog spam (actually even worse since there is money involved). Humorously he updated the post to highlight a comment that's "right on". A comment about a popular Rails site (insiderpages.com) that apparently handles high traffic with is. Except that it's unavailable at the moment. Right on indeed! You'd think no phone has ever had user-installable software on it. In fact reading the article you would never know that until yesterday the iPhone was almost the only phone you could buy that couldn't run 3rd party apps. I'm thinking about starting a subscriber's only website optimized for the iPhone that just shows a blank [white] web page. Why share revenue with Apple on this hot market vertical? But yea, you're right about underwhelming. I was surprised. I guess I shouldn't have been since half the apps they demoed at the keynote really should have been web pages (MLB, eBay, AP, TypePad, etc). What really surprised me is the UI of a lot of these apps. You can give a developer Interface Builder, but you can't make him a designer. I can't imagine using loopt. Anyone here a fan? I don't want anyone to be able to snoop in on my location let alone broadcast it. And then have a firm sell ads against it. But maybe I just need to start wearing another polo and I'll be in the target demo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/grahamb/2565911988/ Shit, someone beat me to the flash light web app: http://www.vflashlight.com/iphone/ It's not a subscriber site, but he asks for $5 donations ( http://www.vflashlight.com/ ). What the hell is wrong with people? OS X doesn't even really support FTP through the Finder... It's read only. A good substitute is MacFUSE and the SSH file system. Your server gets mounted as a disk (read and write!) and it's secure through SSH. If you want goodies like preferences there is a product called ExpanDrive that makes it pretty seamless. I believe the messages sent were from Loopt's shortcode so it wouldn't technically cost you money, but it would cost whoever received the message. But in general you shouldn't send a message to everyone in the phonebook by default. Especially without a confirmation page. You potentially just shared your location with bunches of people you don't want to know your location (exes, bosses, clients, etc). This is the kind of thing that could easily get their shortcode revoked which is why they reacted so swiftly. It's even better than that, both the sender and receiver pay. So if two iPhone users send a message to each other they either both get billed $.20 or both get 1 message deducted from their bucket for the payment period (unless there is an unlimited messaging plan). Up to $.40 to shuffle 160 characters around your own network is quite a haul. This study sounds way off. It was by NASA which means they were trying to tell a lawn from satellite. That's probably tough--having to discount natural grass land and farms (which there is a fair amount of) and accurately getting the percentage. Not to mention seeing through tree cover to see if there is grass below. There is a lot of green out there, not a whole lot of it is mowed lawns. 50,000 square miles is 1/70th of all land in the US including Alaska (3.5m sq mi total). If you've ever driven through the country, 1/70th is not a mowed lawn. You can drive for hundreds of miles without seeing a single one. If you discount Alaska the total is 1/58th. Looking another way that would be 32,000,000 acres of lawn. which comes out to 1/10 acre of lawn per person in the country. At first that seems more reasonable, 1/10th of an acre isn't a lot, but that's per person not household. A 4-person family comes to 4/10 of an acre--a decent sized lot. And since there are large numbers of people with no lawn the number increases for people who actually do (10m in NYC without one means 10m other people would need twice as much space, etc). I found the study in question: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Study/Lawn/ And does admit the limitations: > The satellites that can identify such small areas only observe small areas at a time, and the images they collect are expensive. So the author of the study created an equation and plugged in some numbers. Hardly actual research. The actual methodology is cute, check the sat for lights at night and then predict how "urban" it is and that means there is less lawn. (Though ironically on her map NYC is the highest concentration of lawn in America.) Too bad the results don't pass a reality check. She claims more lawn than farm, which is absurd (the CIA World Factbook shows the US at 18.01% arable land which is a cool 600,000 sq mi). They were obviously losing money. You don't sell out for 15 times less than what your VCs have put in if you're banking. ... And he's not even in the US. He's in the Ukraine. Excellent news. I just bid a new Django project today and this will be a great help. http://rockstartup.com/ and it's just as embarrassing as it sounds. Update: forgot to mention http://www.mojohd.com/mojoseries/startupjunkies/ which you can watch online if you're not one of the 53 people who get Mojo (I'm number 24, but I still have no idea when the show is on). http://www.earthclassmail.com/ does a similar thing, but a bit more hardcore (your mail goes to them first). They are featured in a TV show called Startup Junkies on MoJo HD. http://www.mojohd.com/mojoseries/startupjunkies/ I like this method though, at least as a choice, since I can keep my address. I wouldn't be interested in joining until I can just return back the documents I want (most likely very few). Perhaps eschewing returns could get me another envelope to send stuff in? My Gmail inbox would disagree with you. At the moment I have 9 desktop applications open and only 1 web application open (and I'm writing it!). Desktop apps certainly have their place. And his point is that the longest serving for the majors are obscenely over paid. That's why Southwest makes money and Delta loses it (not just pilots, but that's a good place to start). I find the "Steve’s health is a private matter" line a bit odd. According to the SEC it's not a private matter. His health directly impacts $150B in AAPL shares. My health is private because I don't have billions of dollars in other people's money counting on it. I could definitely see some new rules being put in place sometime in the near future. Steve Jobs is absolutely critical to Apple and a serious disease should be an obvious material disclosure. Not all CEOs are so vital, but Steve Jobs has tens of billions of dollars invested in his well being, it would be borderline fraud to be hiding a career threatening disease. Not to mention an insider trading nightmare. I agree, but no one is requiring him to be the CEO of a public company. He shouldn't have to post his blood tests on the web, but something like an annual checkup would be reasonable. Athletes do it before they get signed. Politicians do it before running. Pilots have to do it every year. Etc etc. Right now he could be dying (I don't think he is) and the board/investors are just counting on Steve to let them know. That's not cool especially after he showed them he wasn't willing to do that the first time (going on for months with natural treatments and waiting to the last possible time to disclose that he was very seriously ill). If anyone was actually curious how these scripts worked the .py files were right there... Open in an editor instead of running through Python. Not exactly a secret. It's not everything though. Dan Marino had a famously low Wonderlic--15. It's definitely believable when you hear him speak, but he still got it done in amazing fashion on the field. There's a big list here (it's a SWF and takes a while to load, but is very interesting): http://www.macmirabile.com/wonderlic.htm What a coward. Update: Go ahead and mod me down, but a spammer breaks out of jail (on a light 21 month sentence in minimum security) only to murder his wife and toddler aged child on his way out. That is an amazing display of cowardice. > Mr. Jobs called me. “This is Steve Jobs,” he began. “You think I’m an arrogant [expletive] who thinks he’s above the law, and I think you’re a slime bucket who gets most of his facts wrong.” I never get tired of personal accounts of dealing with Steve Jobs. Every story I know has a few expletives and some awkward parts that only someone like SJ could pull off. > How many times do you think Jobs rehearsed that opening line before he dialed (or had Katie Cotton dial for him)? I’d say he practiced it one hundred times. I'd say he didn't practice it at all. I don't think SJ is the kind of guy who has to practice a line like that--that's who he is. Searching Cuil for 'cuil' results in a lot of hits, none being their site. Searching Google for 'cuil' has them up at number one, plus news results from today's PR bash. That's a big ball of fail. Hackers are not limited to working with computers. What do you think chefs do in the kitchen when working on new dishes? It's hacking. http://www.spreeder.com/plugins.php The link wasn't even about cookery. It was about a chef (hacker) talking about his business (startup). Quite interesting actually. There is much to be learned outside the valley. Correct, but it's phrased as if he's alive. Which helps make it sound more fishy than it really is (not fishy at all). > I am saying please please don't mind me, and go ahed and have fun. You already said you'd make "chef dude" pick out the meat. That requires him to mind you and cater to your lifestyle. He said he won't, that you should eat somewhere else. He's standing behind his food and that should be applauded. If restaurants were required by law to serve vegetarian dishes, you would have a point. But luckily that's not the case. I don't eat sea food, so if friends are going to a sea food restaurant I either opt not to go or make arrangements to eat before or after. It's not a big deal, I am not going to try and have the kitchen whip up something else because I can't deal with their menu. There are people with serious food allergies, so much so that they will die if they eat certain foods, but restaurants are not required to make available optional dishes for all possible patrons (for you it's veggies, for someone else it's gluten for someone else it's peanuts, etc etc etc). No one can please everyone. If you can't eat the food, just don't go. Looking at that project's website, I probably would have spent it on a designer / copy editor. I think Three Mile Island and Chernobyl have a lot more to do with it. The key details for us is pricing and here it is (it matches PayPay for most transactions and beats 'em for tiny transactions): For Transactions >= $10: 2.9% + $0.30 for all transactions Volume Discounts 2.5% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume from $3k-$10k 2.2% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume from $10k - $100k 1.9% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume over $100k For Transactions 5.0% + $0.05 for all transactions https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/business?sn=cba/o This seems workable for micropayments. A $1 charge would result in $.10 fees. 10% yes, but with something like PayPal the fees would be 33%. They had been in limbo since January, it's not exactly a quick adaptation. > As we walked through Fullerton’s downtown, Weev told me about his day — he’d lost $10,000 on the commodities market, he claimed — and summarized his philosophy of “global ruin.” “We are headed for a Malthusian crisis,” he said, with professorial confidence. “Plankton levels are dropping. Bees are dying. There are tortilla riots in Mexico, the highest wheat prices in 30-odd years.” He paused. “The question we have to answer is: How do we kill four of the world’s six billion people in the most just way possible?” He seemed excited to have said this aloud. Wait, is this article about reddit users? What kind of sites let you "upload banking card photos"? That sounds really bush league. Regardless, Sun needs to get on the ball and start respecting the mimetype. There are a large number of sites that don't. I coded a photo gallery for a group of Photoshop users and it was required to not change the photo uploads unless they were out of the max size spec. They like the images to look exactly like they exported them out of Photoshop. They don't use Euros in London. The paintings are bolted to the wall so they don't fall, not for theft. There's an inventory taken when the room gets turned over, so if it's missing the customer is billed. Sort of like those $10 packs of cookies in the mini-bar. My guess is that vacuuming a room just doesn't take that long and it would take forever to make a Roomba cost effective. Step up? It has 1/4th the speed and 1/8th the range. I dig the no-hands version, but at that speed and range it would be much quicker to just walk. An alpha of PHP doesn't belong anywhere near something like Dreamhost. Install it locally, hack around and report the bugs. That's a valid point, but is the same for Mac OS X. You have even more personal information on your desktop. Thankfully we're not limited to a single source for Mac OS X apps. He's a skinnier version of Billy Mays. They are both loaded (Mays almost unfathomably so, he drives around in a Rolls). It's seems unethical for a potential investee to try and trick people that like. They are supposed to be partners! There's that and the fact that while you do hear this advice a lot, chef's (at least ones that actually cook) and busy line cooks typically walk into work with a knife case. It isn't filled with $20 knives. If you're using a tool for many hours a day, it pays to have a really nice tool. Even if it's only marginally nicer, that margin adds up. (It may never add up for the home cook, but that's another debate.) But if you're making an order to fill out your kitchen, it's no surprise the cheap but fully functional knives will be ordered. $20 * 10 is a lot easier to justify than $100 * 10. And that's one of their cheaper services. http://www.nngroup.com/services/platformguidelines.html Thanks for the summary, I stopped reading too quickly to grok that. But they don't all have different development environments. J2ME takes a huge chunk. There are thousands of existing apps, this just makes distro easier. Unless you were a big firm you probably weren't getting on the deck (and even then it wasn't easy). If T-Mobile does it right it will be easy to target a specific platform (Sidekick, BlackBerry, etc) for apps that use features unique to certain platforms. No one has a real track record for doing it right, but there's always a chance. WordPress is really inefficient query wise out of the box. The caching stuff really speeds stuff up, but there's no reason why a fresh install takes 20 queries to load a post. Add a few fun plug-ins into the mix and you can see why WP sites often take a dive when hit with unexpected traffic. He who pays the $900m makes the rules. Your point is valid, but your math is wildly inaccurate. > Above that, we're talking about installing 25,000 boxes into racks and configuring them all. No, it would mean installing 25 boxes (100,000 people / 4,000 users per server = 25 servers). And that means your power estimate is off by x1000 as well. I got tired of the screens being at different heights, so I got one of these. Also keeps the desk looking sharp. http://www.griffintechnology.com/products/elevator You've obviously never used an E Ink display before. The iPhone cannot seriously compete in this space. Is the name 'apostrophree' a typo itself? There are no hits on Google besides this article. It seems way more efficient to have something like this running server side by whoever is hosting the content. This is something like charging for a spelling/grammar checker to read documents. As long as the publisher had a good editor I shouldn't have to pay for one. That does make more sense, but there are so many stupid ideas that get funding it makes it tough to spot. That final solution was trash. Decouping can be helpful. For me the biggest is using third-party code. I can have my own URL structure for someone else's app and the views (in Django, aka controllers in Rails) don't change. Having to change every method just to fit into my site structure would be a nightmare. And I don't see a need to tie URLs to my methods, they're not always being called by a URL anyway. Knowing about available parameters is again not a problem in Django, they are in the method definition. I was pretty sure this was the case with Rails anyway. And as Chris already mentioned, you can have multiple routes if they are decoupled. Twitter 404s for a whole other set of reasons. But this site isn't Twitter, because it has been acquired: > ... and it was acquired not so long ago for a figure with 9 digits I'd charge when people need to use it. Or at least have that as an option. That might lead to a lot of installs (it's free insurance), but if your laptop gets stolen it's not a big deal to pay $200 to get your data. And of course that seems more legit than free (I would never sign up for this thing as is, you don't explain who you are or why you're providing this service. Charging only if you can recover data makes you stand behind your product more though. I'd trust a service more if they put their revenue where their mouth is. > About the IP address, I would probably find out the ISP and then email the ISP. Realistically, I think that's the best you can do in many cases. The police have better things to do than track down the odd stolen laptop. You don't seem fairly motivated to recover the laptop (nor even have a real plan), that's not a good quality for such a service. There are plenty of other competitors in the space and they are very enthusiastic about working with the police. A few great success stories are priceless in marketing value. In general, you should be very very specific about what your software does and what you'll be able to do in case of a reported stolen laptop. It's essentially spyware, so you need to be very up front. Ironically I bet a lot of that is because of all the illegal content on YouTube. They needed it to remain pretty separate for their lawsuit defenses. I think his problem is that he programs in Frontier and he hasn't built any support for JSON. Library support is a rough spot when you write your own programming language, develop in it exclusively, and happen to be one of the only people in the world developing in it. He created his own XML spec for XML-RPC and wants everyone to use that instead of JSON. Except they don't tell all the rules. They are making judgement calls and removing apps that adhere to the TOS. You're right, it's much easier to detect TOS violations and yet they are still failing to do so. If the description of an app is in clear violation and it still gets posted, what are the odds that they will catch an app that sends the developer everyone's contact list? I didn't see baseless hype/analysis anywhere in the definition. Well INHD hasn't existed for a while, so I don't think there will be much confusion. I'm going to go ahead and say no. AppJet has been around a year and is nearly invisible. The most popular app on AppJet gets a massive 1300 weekly users and is completely worthless ( http://appjet.com/app/799084449/source ). Server executed JavaScript may have a future in web development, but I don't see AppJet being it. It's available from the regular version of the page too--just scroll to the bottom like you do on the cache: http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Syste... Interestingly it seems to be based on a referrer. It worked when I clicked the link from Google, not when I clicked it from here. Why are these clowns still in Google's index anyways, cloaking isn't allowed. It's contingent on a Google referrer. They should be removed from the index. Compare these: curl -e http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Systems/Windows/XP/Q_21692879.html?qid=21692879 > without_google.html curl -e http://www.google.com http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Systems/Windows/XP/Q_21692879.html?qid=21692879 > with_google.html And Daring Fireball is always full of animosity against anyone against Apple. Are they sponsored by Apple? Alas, fan boys need no corporate sponsorship to throw dirt from the trenches. Since Blockbuster is losing money and Netflix is making it, it's not just the suits deciding the reality of the business. Anyone can make a chart putting themselves in a good light. The reality is the movie industry is changing and Blockbuster's model is being left out. The last movie I rented was on iTunes, it was way more enjoyable than getting in the car and going to look through the selection of a local store. I don't ever see going to a video rental store again. > Am I missing something? Yes, the retail rental market is plunging and has tons of fixed costs. The online retail market is surging and much higher profit potential (no retail space, much much fewer employees, etc). Additionally the fixed costs for the online rental market are dropping, namely servers and bandwidth, but also the hardware to make set top box devices. What's so good about Blockbuster that I'm going to get off my couch and drive to a store if I can get the same product instantly with little more that moving my remote? They have a serious problem looming. What's wrong with a text message saying, "running late". That's usually even one of the templates included with cheap phones. No app necessary and it will almost surely be faster. Will the site double as a coffee table in case you don't have a coffee table? My friends don't pay for individual texts, but I see your point. (Even though an app like this would likely have to use SMS in the background anyway. And if you're friends aren't hip enough to have an SMS plan, what are the odds they are all going to have smartphones and this little app running? Approaching nil.) I do take issue with the slow and inconvenient part. It's real time and much less distracting than a phone call. If you stick with it for a few days you can type messages at a surprising rate and it really is faster than a phone call. You don't stop what someone's doing and take over when you send someone a text message. SMS has the convenience of email and the immediacy of a phone call. How can you not figure out how to make a new Wordpress theme (HTML/CSS) but yet roll your own which will obviously include a theme of its own (HTML/CSS)? While I agree a basic blog system is not hard to write, I think the author just wanted to write his own to be able to talk about it. Making a new theme was one of the first things I did with Wordpress years ago. It took all of five minutes to see how it was done and put the design I had into its own theme. His design is very unoriginal anyway, there's probably even a pre-made theme for WP that would have worked. > For those Mac users who think BBEdit is better than Textmate, it’s usually because BBEdit is a Cocoa application, and TextMate is a Unix application. False. TextMate is a Cocoa app and BBEdit is Carbon. Eh, the genealogy side is more likely than trying to promote wholesome activities. That's no different than any other consumer-focused software. Easier in that you don't have to setup a payment gateway, but you'll also be 26% less rich for that perk. He's definitely a Mac guy, but I can't blame him. For $10m I'd promote cigarettes to cute at-risk kids. There were various Macs through the years, including a SE/30, PowerMac 6100 and a Duo with Dock. The last one I remember was a 20th Anniversary, but that's so easily recognizable there may have been one after that I'm missing. IIRC, in one of the DVD commentaries they talked about the Macs and noted that none of them were paid for by Apple, that's just what they used (or something to that effect). Sort of like his Superman promotions. That's nothing about Django, it's just having an instance running. At 10¢ an hour it adds to $2.40 a day. You make it sound like Geo-Django was written in lieu of working on other features. Geo-Django is a contrib app and was championed by Justin Bronn who isn't a core contributor. It was included because it's very helpful to some people and if you ever need GIS stuff you'll be thankful to Justin. If you don't need it you'll notice nothing different--don't import anything inside of django.contrib.gis and you won't even experience feature bloat. Most people don't use all of the contrib apps on every site, but it's nice that they are there when you need them. It's hosted at Media Temple, so it looks like it's a VPS. Continue to cash in on the 30% I'd assume. Since they partnered with a VC firm just for iPhone apps, I'm guessing they are not anti-bubble. Conversely it could be a 500GB cap in 2 years. Bandwidth gets cheaper and faster. My cable modem is twice the speed it used to be and doesn't cost more. For that you need the Ron Paul Filter. It's also a good example of how to not quote a Craigslist article. His use of the pre tag and ghastly CSS means an absurd amount of side scrolling. The key is consistency, in OS X cancel always reverses the last action without side effects. I find the OS X way much more clear. Microsoft agrees, see Windows Vista. Except that it would be illegal. There are a lot more profitable illegal "startups" out there. You probably don't live in hurricane country. When there is a storm bearing down it's the most important thing in the world to potentially millions of people. One of our local papers teamed up with these guys and were linking them quite a bit (perhaps in a frame, I don't remember) when Fay was coming our way. It's a handy site. So perhaps a limited demographic, but hurricanes are huge news a few times a year and as such get a lot of mindshare. Nice, that's probably what the St Pete Times was using when I first saw you guys. Many clients do have that feature. Mail.app has "Bounce" in the contextual menu. Another handy one in there that's not often used (or always duplicated) is redirect. Did you not know that two of your main programs weren't available for OS X? Guessing by your use of MAC you didn't research much. Same for the defrag, there are several utilities that can do that for you (or you can just copy back and forth from a backup drive). iDefrag is a popular one, but I've never used any as I have plenty of free space and fragmentation's not an issue for me. > If you are a good Linux/Windows user, you'll find that Mac OS X is a loss of time I don't doubt this is true for you, but I fail to see your logic. Mac OS X offers the power of Linux with vastly better user experience. OS X lets you do all the powerful *nix stuff but at the same time saves you from having to hunt for drivers and do tons of configuration. There's definitely something to be said for Linux, but time savings isn't one of those things. These will be the first sysadmins that get their own series on Discovery or History. You'd be surprised at the loot some of these mental midgets pull down. I'm doing some programming for a firm that does stuff in the same realm (training/seminars to people who have big dreams) and they had a speaker at an internet training conference in town this weekend... $700 to be there and it was sold out, 150 people or so. And it's all basic BS about how to set up a site, affiliate programs, AdSense, collecting emails, etc. If you can convince people they can get rich, you will definitely get rich in the process. There are three in the slides (Christine Perkett, Kel Kelly and Lois Paul)... That's higher than average than the number of female CEOs in business, especially tech. They just need to work on getting consumers educated more than T9 did. It's amazing how many times I have explained and demo'd T9 to people--vast numbers of people just don't get it and use multi-tap instead. After a couple of minutes T9 is way faster, but there is usually no tutorial and people get frustrated when it's not doing what they think it should (multitap). Multi-language support is tough, but some implementations are better than others (there are lots of different versions of T9, you're just stuck with whatever your phone has). The latest version of T9 has support for using multiple languages at once, but most phone makers don't advertise what version of T9 they ship. You can always opt out. Call up your carrier and say you never want to receive a text message and you never will receive a text message. Fantastic! Now if I could only get the Linux app to work with my Aspire One I'll be in heaven (libgio-2.0.so.0 is a missing dependency). The difference being you don't have to be on the official carrier deck to sell an app for BlackBerry/Symbian/Windows Mobile. You have to be on the App Store to sell an iPhone app. The problem is they are denying apps that aren't crap and accepting ones that are. On top of that the App Store is the only way to sell your app, so if they deny your app you have no chance at success. If the app store were more like the music store and was a non-exclusive sales channel it wouldn't be that big of a deal. Ad Hoc isn't what companies are supposed to use. Ad Hoc is for developers and classroom situations. The solution for the enterprise is another distribution method all together that's not publicly available (only for companies > 500). http://developer.apple.com/iphone/program/distribute.html And as for little known, I have no idea why they went for that angle. Steve Jobs presented all three methods in his keynote. Ad Hoc is used by almost all developers, but has very very limited use outside of that (thanks to the 100 user cap, which is utter bullshit). Too bad Stormpulse can't actually get their money...