My experience with several of my clients who are paying Google "Customers" proves to me, at least, that Google doesn't consider those who pay for their services "Customers" either. The Customers are Google's advertisers. Granted, my experience only goes up to around 300 seats of "paid for" service, but locating a support resource that didn't shunt me to a FAQ or send me back an automated email telling me that my ticket was closed was difficult. I've always felt like the switch statement's "break" behavior should have been the implicit case, with a statement to trigger fallthrough if you really wanted it. I wonder what percentage of the time fallthrough is actually desired in switch statements. I would assume it's wildly in the minority. The module certainly looks neat, but being designed to use the manufacturer's "secure, reliable, distributed internet service" makes it appear to be useless for disconnected applications. Not every application of Wifi involves networks connected to the Internet. We had a discussion about this over on Server Fault ( http://serverfault.com/q/111813/7200 ) and UFTP ( http://www.tcnj.edu/~bush/uftp.html ), UDT ( http://udt.sourceforge.net/ ), and Tsunami-UDP ( http://tsunami-udp.sourceforge.net/ ) all came up as viable open source offerings (along with FileCatalyst and Aspera in the commercial space). All this makes me think of is "In order to transmit the same amount of information on paper, they would have to arrange for a 747 cargo freighter packed with telephone books and encyclopedias to power-dive into their unit every couple of minutes, forever." I haven't looked at the release previews yet but I can only imagine. The antique-looking Windows 3.1 font control panel persisted into Windows 2000, so I can't believe that we'll be rid of the trappings of more recent versions of Windows anytime soon. I'm a little disappointed with the answers from Zypher (one of the Stack Exchange sysadmins) and Jeff Atwood. Particularly troublesome is Jeff's statement "If you have a 'man in the middle' then there are deeper problems, like, you're using a compromised network." I'd argue that it's appropriate, from a security architecture perspective, to treat the entire Internet as a "compromised network". Admittedly, my use-case for the Stack Exchange sites (specifically Server Fault) is a little different than most people's and I'm a lot more worried about "theft" of my "identity" there than most people would be. Still, though, I'd like to see the answer revisited in light of mid-2012 technology / costs. I suppose I should go post something over there... At least where I am, in the US, hosting your own services at home is all well and good until you become frustrated with the piddly upload bandwidth you get from your ISP and the potential of running afoul of transfer caps. Consumer acceptance of "personal clouds" isn't going to happen if using traditional "cloud services" is cheaper, faster, and more reliable. I don't see that story getting better anytime soon. My personal situation is much the same as yours and it works well for me, too. I question how well, however, it would work for someone who is more into creating media with their mobile phone than I am, or someone who wants to share data from their personal network with friends / family. I don't think it's a safe assumption that the only parties upstream from you are ISPs and TLA government agencies. If script kiddies are hacking major corporations I think it's a safe bet that ISPs are vulnerable, too. Your Stack Overflow "identity" may not be of great value, but it's worth keeping in mind that any cleartext traffic is vulnerable. Being cognizant of sending data over the Internet in cleartext is a good thing, to me. I sincerely hope that graceful "retirement" of these small satellites, especially if they fail to deploy properly, is being taken into account in their design. We've got enough orbital debris already. When the article quotes a company spokesperson saying "Even if 20% of them failed, you'd still do your mission..." I get antsy. Another product that obviously doesn't need to be Internet-connected to function but is (presumably to create a recurring revenue model for the manufacturer). A $250.00 retail price is too much, to me, to risk on a device that will be relegated to the junk heap once the back-end "cloud service" disappears after the manufacturer fails. In some jurisdictions it isn't possible for creators to disclaim all their rights. In those cases something like WTFPL (or, in a more tasteful manner, CC0) is necessary. The "pool of warm keep-alive connections to the main web servers" is still sending the traffic over HTTPS, then? Edit: I'm clear that latency is reduced and how that's accomplished. I just wanted to get clarification that the connections between the early SSL termination and the web servers was also encrypted, too. Wouldn't Ben have known that the manager wasn't conducting the mandatory "1:1" meetings with employees if Ben had regular "1:1" meetings with the next lower tier of management? The double standard irks me. Lead by example, not by intimidation. I'd agree w/ the "waste is good" thesis if not for the fact that, at least in the US, we're not really paying the true cost for the environmental impact associated with food production. Less waste would mean less food production and less environmental impact. Perhaps it's just me, but I've always felt like wasting anything that has scarcity-- food, water, etc-- is just a morally bad thing to do. Without judging the statement, I would say that there is a strong moral component to it. Here's a link to a note Dan wrote about the video being marked "private", as well as a link to some notes about the talk. http://lists.common-lisp.net/pipermail/pro/2011-April/000464... Using ActiveSync to access Exchange would probably be the best way to pull it off (though there are probably patent-related concerns). A lot of Exchange admins aren't going to like opening up IMAP, but nearly every Exchange installation today has ActiveSync enabled and exposed to the Internet. I'm always impressed by the PostgreSQL team. Personally, I'm excited about the range types and I can see immediate usefulness for them. My own applications aside, anything that helps developers create schemas that are better able to handle temporal data is a good thing. If the proposed HTTP REST API ( http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/HTTP_API ) makes it into the product then the native JSON support is going to be even more useful. (I'm excited to see that there's an experimental attempt at it, too: https://github.com/bjornharrtell/postgresql-http-server ) I don't think there's a tone you can take that will make non-technical users understand that it's "not your fault". To the non-technical user your site is just down and, potentially, a service they're paying for is unavailable. I'd argue that such an outage _is_ your fault. If you're worried about Customer perceptions as a result of outages of third-party services your site relies on then, I'd argue, you need to have redundancy in your choice of third-party services. If it's important enough to worry about it should be important enough to spend some money on and do something about. If that drives up your costs then your product's cost, to your Customers, needs to reflect that. I agree w/ Mr. Atwood's assessment that people are, have always been, and will continue to be the weak point. I strongly disagree w/ his statement that no attackers still attempt frontal assaults. Thinking that way promotes a dangerous complacency, not unlike the complacency that I see created after a company spends a large sum to install some security product. "Now that we have product we are 'secure'!" In my work I continue to see Internet-facing machines with shockingly poor security posture in companies large enough to "know better". Those vulnerabilities are, of course, still "people problems" at their heart (sysadmins who end-run good security process, developers who won't allow patches to be installed, etc) and they're still out there en masse. This leaves a goodly number of Windows XP machines at one of my K-12 educational Customers unable to use Google Apps effectively. I suspect many other public schools will be in the same boat. Chrome has design eccentricities that make it interact w/ some Windows management functionality (redirected "Application Data" folders, specifically) in a very suboptimal manner (maintaining 10MB+ of files in each user's redirected AppData folder is a problem on a server hosting 3,000 users' folders). Installing Chrome on the Windows XP machines isn't a slam-dunk. I suspect we'll just have to bite the bullet and use Chrome while, simultaneously, giving up functionality in Windows to do it. Yeah. 30GB of rather expensive SAS-based storage on a SAN. After having operating levies fail and seeing state funds radically cut we're pinching every penny we can. Every little bit helps. I'd love to use something like ZFS to handle this storage, at which point this wouldn't be an issue, but I have to work under the constraint that various teachers acting as Windows admins need to be able to manage the servers. More money would solve this problem for me. Money aside, it's galling that the developers aren't building for the enterprise deployment case. I WANT to run Chrome _badly_ in corporate environments but it's not engineered for my use-case. Not exactly. It would if we redirected the user's data. Since Chrome Frame isn't a freestanding browser, though, it's really not necessary to redirect the user's data. That's likely what we're going to end up doing, once we fully test it. If Google got SSO to our SAML server working for Chrome Sync this would be a non-issue but, apparently, we're also the only people in the world that want that functionality, too. We're using that installer, and Group Policy. We're redirecting the user's "User Data" folder into their roaming "Application Data". We're finding that Chrome is storing 10MB of DLL files there (gcswf32.dll being the big offender). We're also seeing the same behavior as described in this posting: http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/xvd0gSJ... Chrome installs a gcswf32.dll file into "Program Files" but it appears to be downloading a new one for each user, stashing it in their user data folder, then failing to load it properly on subsequent sessions because it's stored on a network path. We are using this version and having difficulties with it. I don't know if that's directed at me for not knowing to search for an "Enterprise" version of Chrome or what. We're using the "Enterprise" MSI-based installer. We are seeing difficulties with it. It's storing large DLL files in each user's user data folder, which we're putting on a server so that user settings will "follow" them from computer-to-computer. I've been down this road with other application development firms before. "Application Data" folder redirection is necessary for us because the roaming user profile grows an inordinate number of files in the AppData folder, which in turn causes logons to be _exceedingly_ slow when users logon to a computer that doesn't have a cached copy of their profile (such as computer labs where machines are frequently re-imaged, which is our pain point). I don't know where you're getting the phrase "... this is not a supported configuration for Windows profiles in general". Unsupported by whom? Microsoft has been shipping Application Data Folder Redirection as feature of Windows Group Policy since Windows 2000. ) and not some kind of "registry hack" or unsupported (by Microsoft) tweak. I've yet to find any Microsoft developer documentation advising that this feature is "unsupported". I _have_ seen multiple applications broken by using this feature (including Microsoft applications) but I don't think that makes the feature "unsupported" by Microsoft. It seems like this feature is "unsupported" by applications because they make assumptions about how Windows behaves and don't engage systems administrators in their development process. In the case of Chrome I _really_ want to use it in enterprise situations-- it's my favorite browser, personally. The attitude of installing into folders writable by individual users seems to pervade even the enterprise distribution of Chrome, however. I would argue that, in an enterprise environment, updates should only be applied to the computer's copy of Chrome and not into individual user folders. This creates pain and frustration for sysadmins. It sounds, to me, like the "component updater" doesn't take into account installs where there is a computer-wide copy of Chrome and needs some re-architecting. Alternatively, we would be able to completely circumvent this problem and just leave the user's Chrome "User Data" folder in their local profile if we could use "Chrome Sync" with our SAML SSO that we use for Google Apps for Education. I haven't looked at it for 6 months, but the last time we looked Chrome Sync did not support authenticating via our SSO, so we had to scrap that idea and go with using a redirected user data folder to allow users to have their Chrome data "follow" them between computers. ISPs hosted email servers for individuals for years. I don't know why hosting a social networking server for Customers would be any different. I don't know enough about the tent.io API to decide how I feel about it, but I think that history with SMTP, NNTP, etc, shows that decentralized protocols with servers hosted by a diversity of third-parties (instead of a single Facebook, Google+, etc) can work. I don't see how the tent protocol has any hope of scaling to large numbers of users / servers. The notification traffic for anyone with a significant number of "followers" is going to be significant. I think the view that the tent spec authors are taking is a bit too simplistic if this protocol is intended to be Twitter or Facebook-scale. Servers belong on the Internet. If users have an Internet connection at their home and are willing to accept the potential reliability issues associated with hosting a server at home then, by all means, host a server at home. UPnP NAT traversal is decently-supported in many consumer-oriented routers, as is dynamic DNS. I wish that the tech community hadn't lost sight of this and formed this artificial distinction between the Internet and the "home Internet". We could have been focusing efforts on making hosting services on servers in users' homes easier, but the siren-song of offering hosted services to create recurring revenue streams won out. I don't buy that it's "the simplest". Just about every major Linux distro ships w/ SFTP enabled out-of-the-box. How is installing an FTP server easier than just using the built-in SFTP server? I've been trying to actively discourage the use of FTP for the last 10+ years. It's not an option because it passes passwords in-the-clear. Protocols that pass cleartext authentication should just be off the table today. I think that low-power computers are the future of "always on". I'm migrating the "always on" home computers I use, and those of my family members, in that direction. I don't think email is a good "host at home" candidate, personally. Anti-spam services benefit too much from an economy of scale that comes from shared hosting. Having said that, though, I've hosted my email (SMTP and IMAP) on a consumer-grade Internet since June 2004. I've had outages because of service-provider issues (Time Warner) once in awhile, but the outages of significant duration (24 - 36 hours) have been either I was using unreliable old hardware. In those outages my secondary MX picked up my mail just fine and I worked from cached email on my personal computers. Assuming I was using more robust hardware or, for that matter, more simple hardware (a plug-computer that I could swap with a spare, moving an SD card containing all my email and configuration between) I wouldn't have ever had an outage longer than 8 hours since 2004. If the server was in a larger city (rather than the rural setting where it's hosted) I don't think I would have suffered thru than 8 hour power outage, either. The Tent protocol sounds like something that would work best hosted by your ISP, a third-party hosting service, or a rented platform in a third-party data center ("the cloud"). (It actually sounds like a naive re-implementation of some of the functionality of SMTP.) The things I'm most interested in hosting at home are things like home automation and Internet-connected appliances / devices. These products typically aren't going to be receiving requests from a large number of Internet hosts, don't necessarily need 24 x 7 uptime, and, most importantly, won't work if the home's Internet connection or power has failed (and, thus, don't gain any reliability benefit by being "cloud"-based). Given that there's no further development happening at Microsoft on the DOC, XLS, and PPT formats it's unclear to me why there's any advantage to Google, from a code maintenance standpoint, to removing these formats. If Google was having to invest labor in maintaining the export functionality I suppose I could understand, but I would think the export code is long-since debugged and working. What makes the cost of maintaining this old feature so high as to warrant its removal? My apologies for having a very US-centric view-- it's all I know. The US Constitution says: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." I have a problem with how the law has been twisted by the copyright industry to render "limited Times" to mean a virtual eternity. Fix that and I have no beef with copyright. The public domain is important and needs to be nourished. The "Founders' copyright", with respect to duration, has been shown by multiple studies to be more than sufficient to create economic incentive while, at the same time, not starving the public domain. I'd make a blanket response to your "Shame if you..." points as follows: Maybe those ships have sailed and society has no need of those things anymore. If society needs those things it will find a way to pay for them. If it can't, it doesn't need them. An industry's failure to create a sustainable business model in the face of the reality that technology has created isn't a failing of the technology. It would be nice if business would just optimize for reality instead of trying (and repeatedly failing) to bend reality through legislation. I don't know that the public realizes what they're giving up in "consideration" for what they're receiving. I think that arguing about absolute positions on copyright is silly. Throwing out copyright is a bad idea, but what we have in the US now-- de facto eternal copyright starving out the public domain-- is at least equally as bad. I can't accept the premise that society simply wants "higher creative values". Just because the technology exists to make movies, for example, that feature photorealistic CGI robots throwing buildings at each other doesn't mean that such technology (and its requisite expense) _has_ to be incorporated into every movie. High production values exist, but that doesn't mean every creative product must have them. Consumers still purchase licenses for works with lower production values if the work is compelling. It may be that the factors supporting the finance of works with large creation expense are just an aberration and will disappear. I'm not arguing morality or a position on copyright-- I'm simply saying that if it becomes impossible to profit with works that cost a lot to make then nobody will make those works anymore. Technology has changed the landscape, and unless you're willing to live in a police state with strict regulations on general purpose computing and communications technology, that genie isn't getting back in the bottle. I've seen air-gapped computers infested with malware. Portable storage devices can easily host malware. Air-gapped machines are more likely to have old, exploitable vulnerabilities, since they're not able to receive updates over the network and some people erroneously believe that being air-gapped makes them more "secure". Edit: External media connectivity is typically used for updates. It's much more convenient to have a USB port that will use an off-the-shelf mass storage device than a JTAG and a custom programmer. Why use Windows? It's easy and inexpensive to get developers who are familiar with the platform. You can leverage a lot of tools that already exist for the platform. You get a lot of hardware support "for free" using manufacturer-provided drivers. Medical device manufacturers are for-profit entities looking to make a profit. If using Windows makes it easier to make a profit then they'll use it. If that's problematic to society, from a security perspective, then regulations should be put in place to put make security costs impact the manufacturer's bottom line. Personally, I'd like to see pentesting as part of device certification requirements. A thousand times this. We've distanced the individual from the costs associated with all things medical and, in so doing, have removed a lot of the power of having a free market. Medical expenses weren't what they are now all that long ago, either. We have a nice question about this over at Server Fault: http://serverfault.com/questions/119892/company-password-man... I've looked at Thycotic Software's Secret Server product ( http://www.thycotic.com/products_secretserver_overview.html ) I was impressed, but none of my consulting customers have signed-up. I recently spun up a copy of the open source WebPasswordSafe ( http://code.google.com/p/webpasswordsafe/ ) and liked what I saw but haven't really had much of a chance to bang on it. Wearing my security auditing / pentester hat I've run into CyberArk's Enterprise Vault product ( http://www.cyber-ark.com/digital-vault-products/pim-suite/en... ) and found it very reasonable. It was refreshing to do a pentest where we didn't find a shared Keepass database or something similar. It works badly. If you want any kind of post-paid plan you typically are forced to purchase a phone with a carrier lock. Some pre-paid plans will let you purchase SIMs and "bring your own phone" (Wal-Mart's "Straight Talk" being the largest that I'm aware of-- they're an AT&T MVNO). The average US cell phone user has no idea that phones and service aren't one-in-the-same. I remember brainstorming designs for an Elite-style MMORPG an on Elite/Frontier mailing list back in the mid 90's... Ahhh... memories! This is one of those things that, though I'd love to see it happen, I don't think ever will. Invariably the device will have security vulnerabilities. The potential man-in-the-middle access this thing will afford an attacker would be a treasure-trove, especially if it has SSL bump-in-the-wire functionality. My experience, as of late, is that HP is pretty bad when it comes to shipping machines with pre-loaded crap. Dell and Lenovo business-oriented computers ship fairly clean, but HP business-oriented machines ship with loads of crapware. All consumer-oriented machines ship with crap. Bittorrent always makes me think about transfer-capped Internet connections. It feels like even wireline-based Internet connections in the USA are moving toward being transfer-capped. I don't see how Bittorrent works in that world. Windows 95 had no security model. There are no "system-level privileges" in Windows 95. If you could execute any code on the machine you "owned" it. There were some contrivances in the shell to attempt to limit user access, but nothing serious like the security architecture of Windows NT. This photo really makes me appreciate the fractal geometry and self-similarity of natural formations. When looking at part of the image w/o any objects of known size for reference I lost all sense of proportion. Tiny "pebbles" were actually boulders, etc. I think it depends on how you define "getting rich" and what you find fulfillment in. I think "getting rich" would be worth it, if "getting rich" means being able to be more thoughtful about the work I'm doing and less enslaved by it. Years ago I had a "side job" on weekends that paid roughly 2/3 of my "primary" job. Working on my weekend job felt stress free and enjoyable, as compared to the daily Monday thru Friday grind. I attributed a significant fraction of the enjoyment I felt in the weekend job to the fact that I didn't really _need_ the job. (Sure, it was _different_ work from the M-F grind, too, so that also factors in.) My "getting rich" goal involves being more reliant on my investment income than my consulting income. My experience with that old weekend job makes me believe that, as my reliance on consulting income fades, my enjoyment level with the consulting work will grow. Having more freedom to be selective about work I take on, being able to do more charitable and volunteer work, and being able to work on fewer jobs simultaneously are all goals that I know will make me happier and decrease my stress level. The Internet Archive has put up a number of issues of Creative Computing ( http://archive.org/search.php?query=collection%3Acreativecom... ) but it looks like the first 2 years aren't there. If you'd consider sending them to the Internet Archive I strongly suspect they'd scan and host them. re: copyright expiration - Absolutely. Your first link got me "Filled with so much drama he now praises the iPad". Tee-hee... Edit: Youtube version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyCGrWMk8Ws I just couldn't resist... >sigh http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbHzcWMMpec The pedantry in some of the comments have me practically smashing my head into my desk. The semantic arguments about whether the actual password storage mechanism is encrypted, encoded, etc, are wholly irrelevant. If a web site can sent you a "I forgot my password" reminder email which includes your plaintext password then the site operator is storing the password in a plaintext-equivalent format. If the password is stored as a plaintext-equivalent then attackers can steal your plaintext password when they "own" the site. To address the encryption pedantry: If a site is using encryption to store the password but the key to decrypt the password is available in the site's servers then, arguably, the encryption just amounts to an encoding. Symmetric encryption requires that the key be kept secret. Keeping the key on the servers means that it's not secret and means that it's not really encryption. Edit: I see that the discussion is heading this way so I'll head it off at the pass: I would argue that there is no reason that any site operator ever needs the plaintext of a user's password to be stored persistently for any reason. There is no valid reason passwords should be stored in a reversible manner. (Somebody is going to bring up storing credit card numbers with symmetric encryption, too. That's a broken system and, arguably, needs to be replaced with something based on asymmetric encryption instead of "secret numbers" that we have to transmit between quasi-trusted parties.) I'm unclear what you mean when you say "and I use two layer sha-2 512 keys with unique salts". The Plain-Text Offenders site is concerned with web sites that can email you back your original password in plain text. Personally, I'd be most concerned when these emails are in response to an "I forgot my password" request. (Initial registration emails that send you back your plaintext password are dumb, but don't necessarily indicate that the site operator can reconstruct your plaintext password.) If you are physically incapable of reconstructing the user's plaintext password and emailing it back to them then I'd say you're in good shape. If you have enough information to reconstruct the plaintext password then you're doing it wrong. The pedantry that's irritating me is this argument about there somehow being a "safe" way to store the plaintext-equivalent version of a password (there isn't) or even that there is somehow a need to do so (there isn't). I agree that the Plain-Text Offenders site should state this plainly. I like RDBMS security (and I think it needs to be employed more frequently), but there's still no valid reason to ever store a plaintext (or plaintext-equivalent) password. Storing something toxic in a "safe" way doesn't make what's being stored any less toxic. The effort to create and maintain a "secure" one-off credential storage system seems like a waste given the availability of well-tested, accepted methods of credential hashing and storage. We need to get rid of the unregulated, manifest "socialist" medical system that the United States has today and replace it with something that is a known quantity. A public system is one option (and one that I'm in favor of), but there could be other solutions too. In general, the current system doesn't stop people who can't pay from receiving care. If we agree that allowing someone to die because they can't pay isn't acceptable then we need to have some kind of public system. Care is rationed by insurers and providers who make judgement calls that, largely, aren't subject to public scrutiny or regulation. (We have the "death panels" that those opposed to public healthcare railed against, but these "panels" are made up of insurers and providers working in a decentralizd, uncoordianted, and uncontrolled manner.) What we have is a "shadow socialist" system where those parties who can afford to pay have to carry the slack for everybody who can't. Individuals and employers end up paying higher premiums to insurers. Healthcare providers increase the cost of procedures to cover the write-offs for the uninsured. Insurers negotiate relationships that limit consumer choice or access to procedures that providers aren't willing or able to discount. It's like the entire mess is designed to be suboptimal for all parties involved. It's depressing that, as a country, we can't have reasonable discourse, agree to compromise, and come up with some kind of substantive strategy. Agreed. Insuring against inevitability is silly, and health insurance shouldn't cover those events. A friend of mine uses the analogy of "food insurance" to describe the dysfunctional nature of attempts to insure against the inevitable. That's why I said "socialist" (in quotes) instead of socialist. It's not a true socialist system-- it's just a big ball of mud that's grown up over time rather than being something that is designed. Different interest groups have exerted influence over the years to shape that ball of mud in such a way that it benefits them, but it's still a ball of mud. It has the effect of spreading the cost to those who can pay (or who don't have the leverage to get discounts), much the same way that a socialist system would, but without the benefits of having a well thought-out socialist system that is subject to public scrutiny and regulation. I don't know what part of my taxes go to paying for the uninsured. I have anecdotal experience of seeing rather large hospital bills for emergency written-off because the person receiving care didn't have adequate insurance. I would agree that someone with health problems is likely to end up with no assets or credit, bankrupt, and receiving some kind of public assistance. Because writing a program to simulate a person using a web site is so much easier to do than calling an API. It's unfathomable to me why any company in the IT security industry would ship a product with an undocumented remote access mechanism built-in. This seems like a sure way, when the mechanism is inevitably discovered, to cause harm to your company's reputation. I've always felt vaguely distrustful of Barracuda anyway, but it's nice to have some facts to cite when not recommending their products. Does anybody else find the photo of the motel owner a little jarring? It's something about the lens distortion, I think, that makes me see him as a cardboard stand-up when I just glance at the picture. He ended up getting a year of probation ( http://www.freemcowen.com/thelatest.htm ). Facing a huge prison sentence for "hacking"... sounds eerily familiar. >sigh If there's denial of service hiding in there I wonder about what other security bugs might be lurking. It's scary stuff, and pretty much impossible to audit yourself. Edit: Also, I'm a little freaked-out that the EEPROM on the NIC can be modified easily with ethtool. I would have hoped for some signature verification. I guess I'm hoping for too much. Edit 2: I wonder if this isn't the same issue described here: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=632650 It sounds like, in this case, the OP is talking about the EEPROM holding code executed by the embedded coprocessor on the NIC (or, at least, lookup tables that the coprocessor uses) rather than a PCI option ROM that will be executed by the host computer's CPU. Depending on how the access to the EEPROM is performed (i.e. if such access is facilitated by the co-processor versus being read out directly from the EEPROM) I'd think an attacker could even implement "stealth" functionality to allow the compromised EEPROM to appear to be benign when audited. Depending on what functionality is being offloaded to the NIC (are there still NICs that do IPSEC and crypto offload?) there's the possibility for information disclosure vulnerabilities in the NIC itself. Yikes. It sounds like the vulnerability could be used to bring down any machine you can send an arbitrary Ethernet frame to. (I immediately wonder if it works for broadcast frames? Sounds like a way to take down a LAN full of machines quickly if it does.) Edit: Per http://www.kriskinc.com/intel-pod it does work on broadcast frames. Yikes! Reading about the OP's issue got me to a doc from Intel ( http://www.intel.com/content/dam/doc/application-note/sideba... ) re: the "NC Sideband Interface", which sounds like the place where the bug that bit you "lives". Reading over that doc made me shudder a few times, thinking about the complexity and, thus, potential bugs that could be lurking there. I wonder if the OP's bug was related, too. Having the NIC inspecting incoming frames and potentially diverting them to the management controller sounds like a scary proposition. I'd almost rather just have dedicated Ethernet hardware for the management controller. The decrease in switch ports needed is certainly seductive, but I wonder if it's worth the risk. (Do you happen to recall which Intel motherboard this bit you on? I was just getting out of whitebox Intel motherboard-based server builds about the time you're describing, but I'm just curious if only for the nostalgia.) The write-up gave me the feeling that the OP did just that. My experience has been that manufacturers will blow you off unless you can provide a reproducible test case. Certainly, his company doesn't sound like it has the volume necessary to threaten Intel w/ moving to a different NIC manufacturer unless the problem is resolved. With that in mind, I think the amount of work he did was just the right amount. That's not the impression I'm getting from the article or the author's comments. It's worse than that. It's not BIOS-- it's a freestanding computer. You'll enjoy this (or be horrified by it): http://fish2.com/ipmi/itrain.html They're definitely useful tools-- don't get me wrong about that. The fear is that they're controlled, essentially, by an in-band signaling mechanism. Being grafted onto the same NICs on the server computer that you might potentially expose to the Internet makes firewalling them a more difficult proposition. I get a lot of piece of mind from having management interfaces on an an out-of-band control network whenever possible. I looked at the patent referenced in the article ( http://www.google.com/patents/US8239662 ) and was disappointed to see nothing that would appear non-obvious. It looks like it would be pretty easy to infringe on this patent if one were building a pre-boot configuration management system with existing free and open source tools. Definitely. Makes me think of Dimitry Sklyarov and Adobe back in '01: http://www.zdnet.com/news/dimitry-sklyarov-enemy-or-friend/1... http://www.adobe.com/aboutadobe/pressroom/pressreleases/2001... I haven't something quite this egregious happen firsthand, but it fits the pattern for the interactions I've had when working for a "partner company" reselling big-name networking gear. Mailslots are an SMB-based IPC mechanism that dates back to Microsoft LanManager (LANMAN). I could see using mailslots as a mechanism to disguise traffic and potentially thwart NIDS. SMB broadcast traffic is considered "noise" by a lot of admins and might well be excluded from traffic monitoring to prevent "chatty" traffic from filling the logs. Using mailslots, as opposed to rolling a custom broadcast-based protocol, makes the traffic sink into the normal SMB noise floor. There have been vulnerabilities found in the code handling mailslots, but the protocol itself is just a mechanism to do broadcast-based communication. It's old and crufty, dating back to the DOS LanManager days, but I'm sure there are applications out there that still rely on the functionality and, as is typical for Microsoft, the API still exists in modern Windows versions. (The NetBIOS "Browse List" functionality that powered "Network Neighborhood" uses this protocol, for example.) Because the law says they have to. In some settings, privacy and wiretapping laws will apply to using Glass. In some other settings, they won't. Different US states have different laws governing the use of audio and video recording hardware in private versus public settings. Glass is going to force new discussion about one-party versus two-party consent to recordings. It's a conversation that needs to happen. Some US states have audio recording laws that can still apply even "walking down the street". Look at some of the cases of individuals attempting to record police who were charged under wiretapping laws. It seems to be an unpopular opinion, but what you see as the biggest problem I see as the most exciting feature (albeit Glass doesn't go far enough for my desires). I can't wait to see how machine learning can be applied to the corpus of audio and video recorded throughout my daily life. The idea that additional value can be "mined" from that data, retroactively, makes me even more excited. I found the user of Twitter and Google as dead drops interesting. They're both easy channels to disrupt to prevent the malware from receiving instructions, though. I used to speculate in conversation that USENET was just about the best dead drop on the net (actually, I think I heard Bruce Schneier make such a reference in a talk on tradecraft he gave at DefCon one year) being so decentralized. With the decline of USENET I've been hard-pressed to think of a decentralized, distributed dead drop mechanism that malware could make use of. Reading that thread was painful. I always use custom one-off email addresses for services I sign-up for and. When I've attempted to report disclosure of my email address I'm almost always met with major skepticism. It's maddening. I used to enjoy the reactions I'd get from store clerks and telephone reps when I give them my email address. "Oh, how you have an email address with our company name in it?" In recent years the reactions have turned kinda hostile, "What is your connection with our company?" and once "You can't have our company name in your email address." I gave up fighting and now I just use random strings. I'm glad I made the decision to host my own feed reader years ago. Mine's based on an old version of tt-rss, actually (I diverged from the codebase back in '05 when I felt like the author didn't really want any of my contributions). Edit: It looks like I'm also happy that I chose to host my own CalDAV server, too. Edit 2: @koenigdavidmj - Apparently I can't reply that deeply. DAViCal is the CalDAV server I'm using ( http://www.davical.org/ ). My wife and I sync our iPhones to it and it's been a godsend for my personal organization. (Now if I could just find a decent replacement for Mozilla Sunbird...) Sounds like somebody should send out the signal to Archive Team and Jason Scott. I'm running a 6 year old fork of tt-rss on a machine w/ specs that are too embarrassing to post and I get reasonable performance. I use a Postgres back-end and I spent some time tweaking indexes to get it to perform better. I haven't kept up with the mainline tt-rss distribution-- perhaps it's become crufted-up. The older releases definitely could work well even on modest hardware. This is technically interesting and clearly a cool hack, but it leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. It would be one thing to report on the large number of insecure embedded devices attached to the Internet, but it's another thing to actually use other peoples' devices without their permission-- especially at this kind of scale. HD Moore's DerbyCon presentation last year ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-uPh99whw4 ) showed that scanning the entire Internet without resorting to using other peoples' devices to perform the scanning is technically feasible and produces good results. The dataset for scanning for even a fairly large set of applications isn't tremendously large. I've self-hosted my calendar using DAViCal ( http://www.davical.org/ ) since I got my first iPod Touch. My wife and I use it to host shared calendars that we access from our phones. I run it on a cheap box I own but it would be just as easy to host it on an inexpensive VPS. Backup is a Postgres dump taken daily stored locally on the server and rsync'd to two other machines in separate physical locations. It took a couple hours to set up but has been trouble and attention-free for years. I like to tell people "Deep inside all the Windows NT distributions there's a great OS dying to get out...". REACTOS gives me hope that, someday, there'll be a distribution of an NT-based operating system w/o Win32. (Interix on top of NT w/o Win32 would have been close to what I'd have been interested in seeing...) SAML logons are failing, too. Postini as we've know it is shutting down. Google is forcing their Customers to move to Google Apps. I have several Customers who have been using Postini for multiple years each and I'm expecting a rough patch when we start being forced to "transition". As of the last "webinar" I attended w/ Google people there still isn't feature parity for the end user-facing portion of the service for those of us who still have on-premise email servers. Provo, UT was home to the former headquarters of Novell. There are still a number of tech companies in the area as a result of the concentration of talent there. They are advising all officers to power down their cell phones for fear of explosion. This is bad. They're talking about robots on the scene with "devices". It sounds like there are some suspicious devices, potentially explosives. Yikes. I think you're right on the money. I've decoded keys that I've seen people carrying on rings on their belts (and, in many cases, the pin values are stamped right on the key). I don't carry keys where people can see them, but I'm a little bit paranoid. With the advent of this service it probably pays to be a bit more paranoid, since somebody could take a picture of your key, send $5, and get a copy w/o knowing anything about pins and tumblers. Locks and keys keep honest people honest, and make people feel "secure". There's a lot of value in that. The actual security value most locks provide-- not so much. I don't think this service changes that dramatically. I've been itching to try out RoundCube ( http://roundcube.net/ ) for a few years now but haven't found the copious free time to check it out. It looks really pretty and the feature list looks nice. cough WebSQL cough So many apps, HTML5 or native, could benefit from an offline sync story. That wheel doesn't need to be re-invented over and over again. This reminds me a lot of WebSQL, which I've always been sad was killed. Background on the B-Unit: http://www.bloomberg.com/bunit/Overview_Features.pdf Definitely an interesting device. Check out Waze. I don't know about London, but it helps commuting around home and really shined when I used in during a trip to Los Angeles. It gives me that "sixth sense" feeling you're talking about. You can describe any illegal action as innocuous. I don't think it's black and white. Inserting money into the machine and pressing buttons is a lot more innocuous than, say, taking a screwdriver to the machine, manipulating it with an electromagnet, etc. I can't think of any way to describe those kind of manipulations in an innocuous manner. Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5636586 Makes more happy that I vetoed the vendor's request to one of my Customers to expose one of these systems to the Internet. They asked for exposure to the Internet and I laughed them out of the room. Same here. I just put a Surface Pro in one of my Customers' user's hands last week. I tried it out for a couple days as my primary machine and got 5 hours out if the battery the two times I elected to run w/o AC power. Yes-- that's what it does. Nodes need to agree on a pre-shared AES key, a modulus, and a remainder, and with that information they can monitor the wifi network to locate Bunny frames. I glanced over the "proposal.txt" file and I think a reasonable summary is as follows: Bunny monitors a wifi network to build a model of the types of common packets it "sees". Once it has built the model it can transmit data covertly by sending packets with a crafted length (based on a couple of pre-shared values) that are similar to the "average" traffic on the network. Bits of AES-encrypted data are stored in some of the various header and payload fields that are "sloppily" defined in the 802.11 standards. Other Bunny nodes are able to recognize these frames because their length modulus the pre-shared modulus value will equal the pre-shared remainder value. Yes. I already pay for such a service from POBox.com (and have since 2002), as an example of just such a service provider. (I host my own email, too, but I like having this address as a more formal personal email address that isn't connected to any of my personal domain names, blog, etc.) Yes. This. I had a more "radically libertarian" view before I "settled down" (bought real property, got married, made a child). I've increasingly bought into the idea that paying a fair fee for the services that society offers is a reasonable bargain. Paying the fee isn't the issue for me anymore. Rather, the uncivil political discourse and refusal to make reasonable compromises to deal with disagreements about how that money should be spent (and how government, defense, and social service programs can be sustainable) is what irks me. Living in the US makes me feel like a large part of my taxes are nothing but throwing good money after bad (even though I know it's really not as bad as I think it is). Assuming I'm considered an "IT Professional" it sounds at least vaguely interesting. I would certainly welcome another measure of my skills to help keep me on my game. This has been something that I've looked at a few times over the years. There have been a number of FLOSS and commercial projects that have tried to do this (and all that I'm aware of have sputtered out). A defunct product called "Mailonator" ( http://web.archive.org/web/20080611060558/http://www.mailona... ) did exactly what you're talking about. I wish web sites just used HTTP authentication over HTTPS. I'd love to get all the hours back that I've spent writing scripts to automate operations against web sites with home-grown forms-based authentication. I'm not sure what you mean re: "how they host email". IMAP is a higher-tier feature. I'm using them for SMTP forwarding to my self-hosted IMAP server, so not having IMAP from them has never been an issue. They have AtMail and Roundcube available if you elect to use them for email storage. I've used neither with them, though I do want to spin up a Roundcube installation for myself when I can find some time to tinker with it. Jeri says, in the recording, that Gabe personally released the technology to them. The Scientific American podcast Science Talk had a very informative show on fecal transplants: http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode.cfm?id=fec... There's a Viewsonic VP2290b on eBay right now: http://www.ebay.com/itm/190846605823 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenCola_(drink) It's technically very amusing but I have really mixed feelings about running code on others' gear even for good. Windows has a package management system (Windows Installer). It's crufty and quirky and gets abused (package files that are just wrappers around standalone installer programs, for example) but is generally pretty usable. I've always wished more Windows developers would use it. Looks like it's time for a fork. Anybody familiar with the architecture of Chrome Frame? In terms of how Chrome/Chromium is integrated, I'm wondering if it would be viable to maintain a fork of the Chrome Frame code or if there are "concessions" made for Chrome Frame in the Chrome/Chromium code that, if they go away, makes it impossible for Chrome Frame to function. The viability of this strategy depends on whether the Chrome/Chromium bits will continue to integrated with the "Frame" bits. I'm not getting a good feel for the architecture from just a quick glance at their repo, but I'd definitely like to find out how viable, long-term, a fork might be. If your connection is so bad that you have to resort to shipping physical media to upload data efficiently I wonder how you're going to make effective use of the data once it's loaded into "the cloud". I understand that most consumer Internet connectivity (in the United States, at least) is asymmetric, but it seems like constrained upstream capacity would go hand-in-hand with constrained downstream capacity, too. I understand "seeding" the remote storage for backup applications, where you wouldn't be frequently accessing a large amount of the corpus, but I wonder how this would work with applications like moving your personal media library out to remote servers if you were one of these people with a connection that's so bad that you need to resort to moving physical substrate around to move bits. Obligatory invocation of Neal Stephenson, by way of a prior HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4390110 Bob Bemer, often cited as the "Father of ASCII", proposed escape sequences to extend ASCII to handle larger encodings in 1960, pre-standardization. http://www.bobbemer.com/ESCAPE.HTM I'm not using Markov chains, either, but my little word-babble script does fairly well when you feed it "Neuromancer": He looked at the dance of the logics kinda bunker... It was no relationship with it... He looked like Armitage's toxin sacs. Professional pride, baby, I mean, these days? Get dressed, Case. Bus to his own laughter and smiled. Case plunged through the matrix below. He'd been slit. An AI's are still got it. Not the Baptist... Darkness there, Wintermute can. Case had the electric dance ten minutes to him... Cyberspace. A white teeth. Month later to the corridor. The phone bleated steadily. The Panther Moderns differ from the sides a burglar. He stood beside his own air in Straylight. Wintermute, Case peered at Case. You forget that made of the room. The Finn watched, then Armitage, come out. A man's voice, out of her, then. Behind the neural cutout. I think you're all together in cloud. But just above the terrorist has all of freckles. Another vote for tt-rss here, too. I use my own 2006 vintate fork (I decided I couldn't handle trying to contribute patches back to the developer) and haven't kept current with the mainline code, but it has served me very well. Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) can be used as a SAML 2.0 Identity Provider (iDP). This goes back to the introduction of ADFS in Windows Server 2003 R2. The SimpleSAMLphp project has been useful to me. It includes code for both a SAML Identity Provider and Service Provider. I would guess that they're using Active Directory because they have Windows PCs to manage. AD, arguably, provides a _lot_ of value if you have any quantity of Windows-based PCs that you want to manage centrally. I haven't seen any compelling third-party hosted offering to replace the SSO and Group Policy functionality in Windows client OS's that AD enables. Maybe when Samba4 reaches maturity that will change. Their price for a procedure I had in 2000, today, is half of what I paid out-of-pocket back then. Wow. This is great, and I hope it's a sign of a trend. There's some discussion here and a link to a podcast episode where Jeri talks about the firing and being given the IP for her project: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5786200 Same situation here. I get looked-at like I'm crazy when I try to explain my insurance and that I'd like to know more about the cost of a procedure or prescription before I agree to it. I've always tried to just pay cash for services. Increasingly, though, I'm finding that providers are being put under exclusive contracts which prevent them from allowing me to pay cash. As soon as they find out who my insurer is they clam up, explain that they're under contract w/ that insurer, and say they can't give me cash pricing. It's doubly frustrating because they usually won't talk to me at all if I don't tell them who my insurer is. Catch-22. The provider ends up billing my insurer who doesn't pay because I haven't reached my deductible. Then I get a bill from the provider, 4 - 6 weeks later. Sometimes the provider allows me to pay the "negotiated price" my insurer would have paid, but other times I've had to pay the full non-discounted amount. What a screwed-up mess. Fellow high deductible plan-holder here. Have you run into the circumstance yet where a provider is under an exclusive contract w/ your insurer and, once the provider finds out who your insurer is, is obligated to refuse to allow you to pay cash? I've had this happen 3 times in the last year and it's driving me mad. The providers were unwilling to talk to me unless I divulged my insurer, and when I did they were then unable to give me cash pricing. Maddening. Here's their Kickstarter: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/cloud-guys/plug-the-brai... They mention in the "The Tech" section that they're doing a VPN between the "Plug" and clients and that they've gotten it to punch thru "any main NAT & firewall we tested" and further say "it's decentralized when possible" but don't go into any more specifics. I'd like to know what their mechanism is for resolving the Plug's public IP address. Presumably they'll be running some dynamic DNS servers or some proprietary location protocol but since they make a point of saying they're not a subscription service I am immediately dubious as to how they plan to continue to finance running those servers. This entire class of products just makes me sad. It would be really neat to live in a world where the bandwidth (and lack of transfer quotas) actually existed that would permit us to take advantage of the exceedingly cheap large storage devices that we can purchase and put on our home and business networks. I don't see that world existing any time soon, at least in the United States. The computer with the USB devices connected is the "Plug" itself. It's just a tiny embedded server w/ a USB device port on one end and wired Ethernet on the other. I've used Zoneminder and, you're right, it's not all that great. If you can stomach running Windows you might have a look at the Geovision NVR software ( http://www.geovision.com.tw/english/Prod_GVNVRV85.asp ). I find it to be a lot more polished than Zoneminder. The user interface is a bit ugly but the functionality has been satisfactory. I have a client using it in a 100 camera installation, and another using it with just a single camera and it works well in both cases. A license to use the software is included with any of Geovision's cameras, which are also quite nice (and Linux-based, though they don't allow you to get root on the cameras). I don't want to seem like I'm shilling for Geovision in this thread. I have two clients who have Geovision cameras and they have had great luck with them. Have a look at: http://pd.geovision.tw/datasheet/BX-E/Datasheet_IPCamBX120DE... That camera is housed in an outdoor enclosure rated at -40°C and has a 1280x1024 resolution (there are higher available in that product line). That's about a $700 camera. I haven't worked with that model, personally. One of my clients has a number of this model installed: http://pd.geovision.tw/datasheet/Bullet/Datasheet_IPCamBL121... This camera is only rated to -10°C, but is more like a $500 camera. I can't agree w/ this assessment more. I did some contract work on network gear in a rural Ohio county's 911 center a couple of years ago and spent a few days around the dispatch center. I have a ton of respect for the work that the dispatchers do. I listened to them stay calm, cool, and collected while taking calls from people who were completely freaked-out (angry, injured, scared, etc). The job is certainly a lot more than just answering the phone. I listened starting a couple minutes before that and felt like I was going to fall asleep. I'm sure it loses something not being there in person but Mr. Alexander's delivery sure seems ponderous. All I can think of is a bit of old Internet humor: http://www.csh.rit.edu/~jon/humor/ha/java.html In my experience having a high-deductible health insurance policy that that I purchase myself I think this bit of the article can't be understated. "I explained that just because he had health insurance didn’t mean he had to use it in every situation. After all, when people have a minor fender-bender, they often settle it privately rather than file an insurance claim. Because of the nature of this man’s policy, he could do the same thing for his medical procedure. However, had I been bound by a preferred-provider contract or by Medicare, I wouldn’t have been able to enlighten him." My wife and I have run into multiple cases in the last two years where our providers would have offered substantial discounts for paying cash, however because of the provider's contractual obligation (and state law, to boot) they are unable to accept cash payment and are required to bill our insurance at a higher rate than their cash discount. Since I have a high deductible I end up paying for the procedure out-of-pocket at a higher rate than if I could have just paid cash. It's maddening. The practices we had our issues w/ were an imaging clinic and a pediatrician. I kinda expect that telling either one of them that we didn't have insurance would have resulted in them refusing to take us as patients. My wife and I talked about trying it with the prospective next provider, actually. My family is having exactly the same experience with our HDHP. I like the cost of the plan (and I'm saving every last red cent I can to cover future expenses) but I'm regarded like I'm crazy when I bring up cost to providers. That depends. Some providers are contractually bound (and in some jurisdictions laws also apply) into "preferred provider contracts" that require the provider to bill your insurance and disallow them from taking cash. Win32 is the ugliest part of Windows, to me. I like seeing the lower level "native" NT bits being re-implemented. (I think NT itself is a pretty elegant OS. I'd love to see a "distribution" of NT with a POSIX personality and no Win32.) That's where something like ReactOS fits in. Right now you can legally use a DOS VM running, say, FreeDOS (or an emulator, like DOSBox). There's no freely-available Windows XP equivalent. Sure, sure-- you can run Windows XP illegally w/ a volume license product key (to skirt product activation w/o modifying the product) but that's not a solution that "works" in many cases. It's technically very easy to run a Windows XP VM-- it's very challenging, legally. I just call it "the computer" since that's what it is. The reference to the names "Detective Stu Pitt" and "Detective Laughlin Foo" on the last page has me wondering about this. They both really, really sound like joke names. The similarity to the presenter's name (first slide) from the real North Dakota State Attorney's Association (NDSAA) presentation ( http://www.ndsaa.org/Computer_Forensics_for_Prosecutors.pdf ) also seems suspicious. It has the look that somebody took the real NDSAA presentation, tweaked it up, and released it as a hoax. Edit: Here's a site that seems to be hosting the same PDF as part of an article dated 1 April 2013: http://www.techarp.com/showarticle.aspx?artno=770 This fingerprint sensor and its potential use for payments is rather disturbing to me. I am (rightly, I would argue) apprehensive about general purpose computers acting in a "trustworthy" manner. I hope that this fingerprint sensor, which undoubtedly will be incorporated into authentication for payment systems, doesn't usher in a future of reliance on a fundamentally untrustworthy device. I really, really worry that the banks will jump on this as a way of limiting their fraud liability. (I'm thinking about how chip and PIN has been cited as a way to move fraud liability to the consumer.) To dumb it down: I'm envisioning a crappy future where you'll end up with fraudulent charges on your credit card (via your Apple account) that you can't contest because the credit card company will say "Hey-- your fingerprint was used to authenticate this charge. Therefore you did it." I don't think that line of thinking is too cynical. No quantity of assurances from Apple about how the fingerprint reader will be "firewalled" from third-party access will convince me. If the hardware and software were opened up for third-party analysis I might be convinced, but I really don't think that's going to happen. This fingerprint reader amounts to a complex hardware and software system with a lot of moving parts. It will have exploitable bugs and will be hacked. I think it will ultimately used to defraud, too. Thinking about the mass harvest of fingerprint data from the public by an attacker (like, say, the NSA) also gives me the willies. Will it be possible for an attacker to steal fingerprint data and use it to compromise other biometric authentication systems? Will it be possible to use stolen fingerprint data to plant your fingerprints at a crime scene? How do you recover from the theft of biometric data? Are you issued a new thumb? To be clear: I hate the current system of "secret numbers" embossed on plastic cards and encoded on magnetic stripes as a way of authenticating payments. At least, though, the plastic cards aren't battery-powered general purpose computers with radios attached to them. Bad as little bits of plastic and "secret numbers" are, my credit cards themselves can't betray me. A phone (or other sufficiently complex computer system) acting as my payment token most certainly could (and will). As an aside: I don't have any RFID-chipped credit cards, nor will I. When I end up having no choice in the matter I'll microwave the cards before using them. Banks can't do it, legally, but in the U.K., at least, they've tried anyway: http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/saving/article-2215223/Vi... I am not very optimistic U.S. about banks acting in a strictly legal manner. My real worry is malware and fraud from private actors-- not governments. Criminals seem to be willing to go to amazing technical lengths to steal. Looking at the personal computer software ecosystem and home computers, which are often bristling with malware, and extrapolating to phones, which will certainly have a larger install-base than personal computers, doesn't seem delusional at all. That's a ripe target for criminals. I find if vaguely disturbing that John Stoffel suggests to Linus that he mirror two discs in the future (presumably meaning a RAID-1 arrangement) and Linus responds with "I long ago gave up on doing backups." Linus conflating RAID with backup?!? Surely not. My world feels turned upside down... >smile http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/saving/article-2215223/Vi... The only damage that I've ever read about re: over-brushing has been enamel damage caused by abrasives in toothpaste. The bristles of the brush should be much softer than enamel. I think WinRT is evidence enough that Microsoft can build NT for other architectures if need be. I'm sure it wasn't as simple as typing "make" to get an ARM version of Windows, but it certainly didn't take them very long to do it either. It should be since all the coin-drop signaling is in-band. I'd be all for this if the proxy were running on the device instead of LinkedIn's servers. If LinkedIn changes their User-Agent string then they're right back in again. I did FizzBuzz at an interview, years ago, using only addition and comparison. I mentioned, at the time, that years of 6502 assembler when I was a kid conditioned me to avoid multiplication and division whenever possible. My interviewers looked at me like I was crazy. Oh, well... >smile http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/bulletin/ms06-00... ) with Windows Metafile (WMF) files. This is a bug in the parser for TIFF files that allows for arbitrary code execution. MS06-001 was based on removing a "feature" of the WMF format (SETABORTPROC) that allowed for arbitrary code execution for legitimate, albeit antiquated, reasons. It's a DNS proxy that automatically adds routing table entries when queries/answers for "interesting" domains (associated with VPN connections) come in. Adapting this to run on a host (which would be configured to use the DNS proxy running on itself) with VPN connections terminating on the host shouldn't be too difficult. There's certainly a use case for doing this on a router but I could definitely see wanting this on my laptop, too. It's hard to take this seriously when you're making up your own authentication protocol-- and one that uses MD5 at that. I work 45+ hours, when I can, because I bill hourly and enjoy receiving money. I can't speak to the websites having problems with IE9 and above, however the desktop application compatibility situation has ended up being overblown in my experience. Sitting down with "Process Monitor" and weakening permissions or spending a few minutes figuring out how to apply the existing Application Compatibility shims the OS provides has sorted out almost every problematic desktop application. For the few applications that failed to yield the "Windows XP Mode" VM (which comes with Windows 7 Professional licenses) has worked fine (albeit the multiple users per PC "story" for "Windows XP Mode" is terrible and having a bunch of XP VMs to support adds complexity). Yes-- wuarchive.wustl.edu and ftp.wustl.edu are what I was thinking of, too. I fondly remember pulling Aminet and Linux-related files off those servers back in the early-to-mid 90s. Real backup is both offsite and offline. If your backup doesn't have both attributes then it isn't backup. I've been a contract sysadmin for a long time. In a former "life" part of my work was doing phone screens and job interviews for contract sysadmin candidates. If a candidate's answer to a nonspecific troubleshooting scenario didn't begin with (or contain very close to the beginning of the answer) "look at the logs" I'd bump them. Anybody whose problem-solving methodology doesn't including gathering pertinent data early in the process isn't somebody I want "solving" problems for me. It's likely Windows XP embedded, which doesn't enforce code signing. I've worked around some Retalix (NCR) POS software (mentioned in the article, though in Canadian stores) and I can safely say that the security posture of the software of theirs that I've seen is simply horrible. Perhaps Target has newer stuff than what I've worked with, but I'm talking about VB 6 code running in XP embedded using a "database" back-end that amounts to some Btrieve database files on an SMB share marked "Everyone / Full Control". Getting remote code execution on the POS machines would be trivial. The Verifone MX800 series, at least, can have Customer-supplied binaries installed. There's code-signing on the MX800-series devices, but I am aware of at least one version of the firmware that allows an attacker to get root access on the device pretty easily via the touchscreen UI and Ethernet port, assuming that default passwords aren't changed on the device. There are telco central offices disguised as houses, too. This one, in Anaheim, CA, US is a good example (CLLI code ANHMCA17RS3): http://www.co-buildings.com/ca/714/ https://maps.google.com/maps?q=33.8449,+-117.741&ie=UTF8&ll=... I can think of at least one product that will do, basically, what you describe. It's insanely expensive to license and setup. It would probably be feasible to fork the RANCID network device configuration version control application to create something that could do what you're describing out of FLOSS components, too. This is pretty cool. I didn't look at the IOCCC contest entry, but I can see the influence of the IOCCC rules on this code for sure. Having lookup tables in the BIOS binary to handle instruction decode seems bizarre to me (other than to get the code size under the IOCCC maximum). It has the effect of splitting the source code for the emulator between the C source and the BIOS assembler source. It evokes a feeling of the CPU microcode being stored in the BIOS. It has been demonstrated publicly. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_70UC0tPUU Your mentioning "ALTER" made me think about a dialect of BASIC that I once used (STARDOS BASIC on a "Micro V" computer, back in the late 1980s). This BASIC dialect had an "XEQ" function that would pass a string to the tokenizer and execute it as an immediate-mode command. If you started the string with a line number you could create self-modifying BASIC code. It was dizzying to my young mind. I'm not sure why Ben used a false name for the CFO. One quick search got me her real name, and more details about her eventual indictment. I, too, was annoyed by the omission of any relevant details. I did a little searching and came up with some nice details about the ISEE-3 communications system here: http://mdkenny.customer.netspace.net.au/ISEE-3.pdf This is one of the applications I'm interested in exploring with the Technical Illusions CastAR system: http://technicalillusions.com/castar/ I came here to make your third point. I feel strongly that code should be written to "fail safe"-- error state should be assumed until calls return otherwise, etc. I'm really enjoying reading this. I went spelunking for the EXE header to find any references to Mark Zbikowski (who is still immortalized in PE-format EXE files today). v20source/exec.asm, line 95: exec_signature DW ? ; must contain 4D5A (yay zibo!) There are a couple of other references, too. I'm sure they could, but that makes attacks only slightly more difficult. It's fairly trivial to look at common key blanks and visually identify the bitting (the "combination" of cut heights necessary to move the tumblers in the lock to the shear line). Sometimes the key has the bitting stamped right on it, numerically, too. Nobody spends $100K / yr on "a Terminal Server", either for hardware, software licensing, or support. If you are then you're not going to manage this "solution" any better, or you're going to be at a scale where Amazon's offering will be leaps and bounds more expensive. I find it hard to believe that an infosec professional would click a link in an email. Anybody who has ever run an phishing campaign as part of a pentest wouldn't. I only moonlight in the infosec industry, but I know that the Right Thing, upon receiving an unsolicited notification email from a website ("Friend" request, LinkedIn connection requests, "Track a package", etc) is to visit the site in your browser manually, versus clicking some link in an email that could likely be bogus. I think John Kemeny, co-inventor of BASIC, was a pretty interesting guy. He worked with computers under Feynman during the Manhattan Project. He argued for widespread computer literacy in the mid-1960's. He's worth reading about, for sure. I happened into a copy of Kemeny's book "Man and the Computer" ( http://www.amazon.com/Man-Computer-John-Kemeny/dp/0684130432 ) sometime around 90-91, and it fascinated me. I've gone back and read it since and, while many of Kemeney's predictions didn't hold up, the tone of the book is definitely inspiring. This is the first that I've had time to actually sit down and look at code, the RFC, etc, and I'm scratching my head. The rationale for the payload for DTLS (sent over UDP) is reasonable, but I'm scratching my head over why the payload is even there for TLS. I guess there's some logic in making the protocol the same irrespective of underlying transport, but the payload is completely redundant for reliable protocols, which will handle any retransmission or reordering automatically. Edit: Upon further (amateur and arguably ill-informed) reflection I'd argue that the heartbeat functionality shouldn't apply to TLS at all. It's needless complexity that can be handled by the underlying reliable transport. That doesn't change that the OpenSSL project clearly has code-quality issues, but it would have averted this particular fiasco, at least. I am dismayed that a security-oriented protocol isn't focused on minimalast design. That seems very backward to me. I don't know where to go look (mailing list archives? meeting minutes?) to find any discussion about this extension (I'm woefully ignorant of Internet standards processes), but it would certainly be nice to review that discussion. Given the rather dramatic differences that need to occur in a protocol designed to work over unreliable versus reliable transport, though, it seems like a bad idea to try to keep "parity" between DTLS and TLS. I can see how somebody might see it as "elegant" to do so, but I'd argue they're different animals solving different problems. I'm familiar with the paradigm. I've written some code to talk to dodgy embedded devices that don't "talk" unless they have something to say and I have ended up having to use timers. It sucks, to be sure. I looked back to RFC1122 to get a feel for the nature of TCP keepalives, and I would agree that they're unsuitable for this application. If we posit that a keepalive mechanism is useful for TLS I'd still argue that a payload is unnecessary because TCP will handle in-order delivery. A NOOP with some random-length padding would have worked just as well. That could have been accomplished with a fixed-length payload and variable-length padding, though. Microsoft published a description of the communications, too: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc766017(v=ws.10)... Run your own local DNS server. Virtually every lightweight router-oriented Linux distro includes dnsmasq if you don't want to run a full-blown DNS server. Thanks for that link! That's a great looking tool. That makes no sense. Charging Netflix for congestion their traffic creates on Comcast's upstream pipes has nothing to do with congestion or routing difficulties inside Comcast's network. Comcast still has to route "each bit to customer houses" in the current scenario of Netflix paying for access. The fact that Comcast is eschewing the Netflix offer of free Open Connect CDN appliances ( https://www.netflix.com/openconnect ) tells me that this isn't an issue relating to upstream congestion, but rather with Netflix competing with Comcast's own VOD service. Having worked with Unisys-based financial software in the early 2000's (A Series MCP-based stuff) I can only assume that code you wrote is probably still running. There is a serious commitment to legacy compatibility there (for better or for worse). Metered service is, ultimately, what they want. They are envious of the kinds of margin wireless carriers are getting for data transfer over their networks. I don't agree with the "DRM is merely a weapon" bit in your last paragraph. DRM allows rights holders to create and "monetize" new "rights" outside the legislative process. Copyright law (in the United States, at least) allows for "fair use", but the DMCA criminalization of "circumvention devices" creates a method to eliminate fair use rights via technology. Once DRM is legally protected rights holders can go wild using DRM to, effectively, make up new laws. My self-hosted apps work on my laptop when I have no network connectivity. That's a big win for me. Funny you mention Mappoint. It's exactly what I use when I'm navigating for my wife on trips. It works fine in areas with poor wireless data coverage. (We supplement with Waze to get traffic reports, but "self-hosted" Mappoint guarantees we won't lose map coverage because of radio issues.) I had 768/128Kbps DSL until last month (when my wife got fed up with poor streaming video quality and called the telco about upgrading). For using my bank, credit card company, and "social networking" sites it was fine. That's not dial up speed, I realize, but it's not 2Mbps, either. Since the upgrade to 7/1Mbps service I have observed that sites I thought were slow on the old service are still slow. My wife says YouTube and Hulu are better. I am pleased that my VPN to home seems better (which I attribute to the increased upload bandwidth).