I don't interview usually but when meeting a fellow programmer - my favorite question is what is your title - e.g. if they say Software Engineer - i ask them if they truly believe software can be engineered.. it's a way to open them up - i like to hear their philosophical views on the construction of software. Having lugged at least 10 pounds of laptop equipment+chargers, I think svelte and powerful are a good combination. The cons are can it live up to being tossed around a bit - My Dell and previous Compaq/Thinkpads could take a beating. I just watched the entire keynote and I think the skinny supermodel sexy MacBook isn't the standout product. Having been an early adopter of Windows Media Center PC, I can say that the PC part got in the way of the entertainment hub experience many a time. And we're not talking BSOD here - just the Penn-and-Teller combination of a PC and Entertainment Hub. Apple TV Take 2 doesn't require a PC. I think it would make a perfect Mother's Day gift (let your in-laws rent movies, see Flickr slideshow of their grandchildren's daily lives, YouTube party tricks). As someone who does tech support for relatives and family members (unwillingly sometimes), I welcome cool new digital devices that might actually not require a manual and tech support. What do you guys think of the Apple TV Take 2. I remember seeing The Titanic many years ago when it came out. During the scene where Kate Winslet poses topless for Leonardo, the artist, I was sitting next to a couple with their 8-or-9-ish year old children. It took a couple delayed seconds for the husband to react and shield his kid's eyes. During that time, the kids didn't flinch; the parents eventually did. Perhaps the kids didn't see anything wrong with seeing boobies - but now they associate them with something forbidden. I've observed co-workers working long days because they don't accomplish much during 9-5. Some people confuse activity with productivity. Quote from Jim Rohn - "If all you get from your job is a paycheck, you're underpaid" I think it's hard to do be good at something if you don't like it - I remember near-falling asleep in some boring (to me) subjects - I think some people are awake but asleep at their job. I feel fortunate that I am young enough to have grown up with the influence of the Internet, yet old enough to have had a formal introduction to the card catalog and good old fashioned go-to-the-library research. I can't imagine what High School would have been like if the Internet had been taking off - I don't think I would have graduated. Assuming they are working day and night, night and day that is close to $417/hr. The aspect of hiring high-class code hookers (or if you find that offensive, Ruby on Rails ninjas) aside, building a successful web site seems to be more about your network's influence when you launch. I wonder what the profit-margin for a top-100 Facebook application might be after paying for bandwidth/server costs, assuming they monetize through displaying advertising. How do independent Facebook application developers compete against the 800-lb gorillas of Facebook, Slide and RockYou? Slide and RockYou seem to prove economies of scale. From Craig Ulliot - developer of 50K+ daily user FB application 'Where I've been' "Well my application has become incredibly popular, and I'm very excited about it, don't get me wrong! But I'm a freelance developer, not a company, and its put a powerful 4GB $450 a month dedicated server on 3 backbones at maximum load and is pushing 2000GB a month in traffic. It doesn't make me any money and I'm getting hundreds of comments and emails daily about it. How can i support it and maintain it? What do i do with it now? its growing at a few users a second, so should i get another server each month?" http://tinyurl.com/yu6k98 Yes, good point. Cheaper than a small team of lawyers. I remember a build-a-website in 24 hours contest nine or so years ago - perhaps Obie and his team might volunteer their productive capabilities for a deserving non-profit? I think the right pro-bono project would generate good PR and better karma. I am interested in seeing what (assuming the who, who comissioned the site allow it) kind of customer experience can be built in three intensive days. As someone who has been at the same software company for 8+ years, reading articles about how you need to have a professional presence / a dossier on the web (blog, LinkedIn) frankly freaks me out. I went to a presentation by a recruiter (for graphic design) who echoed the fact that if you don't have a viable LinkedIn presence - you're not really a candidate. Blogging about personal & software development and learning Wordpress are high on my choose-to-do short list for 2008. What about Alice from Carnegie Mellon? Randy Pausch (of life wisdom) fame. In Alice, programming errors cause objects in the Alice 3D virtual world to have unusual visual properties and/or behavior. http://www.alice.org "Programming in Ruby generally feels like fun" Thank you. That does it. I am going to buy a laptop (probably the Asus EEE, not the MacBook Air) and start learning Ruby on Rails code during my 53 minute train ride. I bought "The Rails Way" because Zed recommended it at the end of his rant, and it's pretty Greek to me. I'll start with beginningrails.com and the Pick-Axe book (Zed's criticism about it, aside) Banks can lend out 10 times their assets. When they have to do a write-down, they are reducing their asset base (and the amount they can loan) Does reducing the interest rate help banks (because the way the Fed does it with T-bill purchases)? Reminds me of an axiom - if you're a jerk before you're rich, you'll probably be a jerk (in spite of and) if you become rich (excessive money amplifies your natural you like alcohol may strip your defenses). Someone saying 'when I'm rich, I'm going to start a charity and build a school... that's doesn't meaning much unless they already volunteer towards that end in some aspect...Empty words. As much as I'd like to say I could do low-level CS, I'm honestly not that good at algorithms. Quick sort? I'm good at problem solving, which is what I think matters. Before I knew better, I used to laugh at those people who found careers doing boring stuff with corporate applications (databases, etc.). The best part of my job is creating something from scratch - a blank screen of an IDE (when not fixing issues). And if we have excess energy after the workday/or on the weekend, we can always exert our creativity on open-source or personal projects. I love software development for the development aspect. How cool is it to say (or not say) to your friends that you could build a cool web startup (the tech is not that hard, except with exceptions)? The best programmers I know are five to six times as productive as average programmers and are paid two to three times as much. One difference between being a rock star programmer and a rock star? Female groupies. Scenario: Consultant on-site. Application not working (Oracle, app server, and/or network issues). Training scheduled for next day. Diagnose/Fix the problem during the teleconference or else.. I work with one. The productivity is an arbitrary measure in terms of how much unit tests they write and core functionality they contribute to the project. Architecture/infrastructure has a definite skewed ratio. It's mainly all server-side. I used to work with another who was known for merciless code reviews where developers would be reduced to almost tears. I avoided him. They aren't the most social of animals but I'd hire him for a startup. Is Reddit supposed to be democratic? I would say its more like a republic (with the representatives elected via Reddit karma points, the powerful getting more powerful) Not that there's anything wrong with that - Seth Godin says the #1 in most categories dominates - Vanilla ice outsells all other ice cream flavors combined. People like leadership, whether its ways to amuse away a little of the day (lolcats, conspiracy theories) or MSM I was even shyer than I was now in college, and I fondly recall wasting away hours chatting with people I never ever met on IRC. Yes, anti-social but not really - even the most shy people need some social contact. I think that's the true power of the Internet - from WoW to Facebook helping guys meet and date women they wouldn't otherwise. I was going to write this: http://www.amazon.com/none-CAR190-Labyrinth/dp/B00000ISLL but I realized I don't have the required skills in: Cocoa, performance, accelerometers, game code, tuning, usability, Objective-C, iPhone SDK, coding, testing Will someone write this? I guarantee I will buy it. Google 'threadless' + 'revenue' Go for it. For bonus points, start a blog about writing it. Build your own iPhone development community. I'll gladly beta test it too. WoW is just the precusor of the real-life Metaverse/Matrix as envisioned in Snowcrash/The Matrix/other SF Check out Job's seminal announcement of the Mac in 1984 (along with several other interesting, excellent presentations). http://www.knowhr.com/blog/2006/08/21/top-10-best-presentati... I see a trend that indicates flattening of revenue + growth Net Sales | Profit 1996 $ 9.8B | -$0.8B 1997 $ 7.1B | -$1.0B 1998 $ 5.9B | $0.31B 1999 $ 6.1B | $0.60B 2000 $ 8.0B | $0.79B 2001 $ 5.4B | -$0.03B 2002 $ 5.7B | $0.07B 2003 $ 6.2B | $0.06B 2004 $ 8.3B | $0.27B 2005 $13.9B | $1.33B 2006 $19.3B | $1.99B 2007 $24.0B | $3.50B *Data from SEC database: Conformity is important for company cohesiveness. It's part of the DNA. It's just that most companies have boring DNA. A minority, some companies like startups have a more radical DNA. When a boring company buys a startup-type interesting company, usually the DNA gets a little mixed (maybe color cubes, even). My sister's friend is an Emergency Room physician. After talking to her, you would be scared to leave your apartment and do something risky like crossing a city street. I remember having temporary pain from working alot and it would go away after a couple days... The bad thing - at some point, it becames residual - no amount of rest (short of 6-12 months of keyboard abstinence) will let you recover. You have to start proactively manage - You've broken the proverbial straw on the camel's back. That was years ago, I have a much-less painful, residual level of aching (2.5 on a scale of 1 to 10). Nowadays, I manage my work, with occasional flare ups (4/10). My advice is to get WorkPace restbreak software to force you take breaks. Consider using an burst-proof exercise ball chair (forces you to work your abs) http://www.fitter1.com/Catalog/Items/FBCJ.aspx Take Yoga classes, swimming (great full-body exercise, zero-impact). Alexander technique is good for gaining body awareness as well. If you slouch your head is like a bowling-ball weight that causes a domino-effect of strain on your entire backbone/spine. The good thing, if there is a good thing about RSI symptoms, is that you may start to realize that you may not be able to be a programmer for as long as you wanted and you start to diversify and you will not take your programming job for granted. And you become a much more efficient programmer.. If we continue the multi-task metaphor, i think it's the context-switching that hurts the effectiveness of multi-tasking in work. If the interruption is over instant messenger, it's not as bad. Sometimes I have to put on headphones with loud music to cut out the white-noise office chatter. 1. Coding for project 2. Interruption from business analyst on project/another project 3. Write this-is-where-I-am-with-the-code to "mental" disk 4. Answer business analyst 5. Resume coding 6. "Mental" disk: File Not Found (see 3) +1 for Starchild reference. I saw 2001 again recently. Amazing work. I still don't claim to understand it. But it makes you think. Survey: Will Google become self-aware first or will it be able to let you find the missing socks you lost in the laundry? "Let them eat CDO's" I went to a public school that was on par with some private schools. It was funded by real-estate taxes (wealthy area). I had a long discussion about whether wealthy parents make the difference in making their children's education a priority - and we concluded that it is the parent's involvement in their children's education that is important (over money) I give her credit for taking initiative - timing/she was lucky, yes, but smart enough to build a her own "brand", whateverlife.com (I think we can learn from her that you don't have to be perfect/have a business plan to get going - just get it going) I remember super long escalators with signs posted coming out of some of the catacombs of the Tube in London. A quick flickr search (for stand right/[walk left]) shows a lone woman on the ascending escalator walking.. http://tinyurl.com/2f4nta eHarmony's ability to market itself/word-of-mouth is impressive. My relatives/parents are like broken record players 'You know, Roy met his wife through eHarmony...' My friend Mike met his wife through eH as well - I remember him complaining about how long it took to answer the questionnaire set. I work in a cube every day and strategize/dream of getting out of my cube, sometimes hourly My first formal programming class was a summer school (grade-school) experience using HyperCard so I have a sentimental spot for Hypercard Stacks. I remember being wow'd by the demos on the Mac SE. "If all you get from your job is an oversized paycheck..." "In addition, their habitats in corporate America, known as "offices," are disappearing as walls are torn down in the name of improving communication." After a 1+ year complete-gut-and-teardown renovation, we will be shortly moving into our newly renovated offices which has one scrum room per team. No offices, no cubicles (well there are college library type privacy booths but..) I don't know how I'll adjust. Noise-Cancellation Headphones? It's easy to cheer on Google, as Google as they systematically takes on established vertical markets (to sell advertising) and do fairly well in some of them. Why not root for the underdog, Yahoo + MSFT? Reading the day-to-day story of The Point is entrancing to me, an ambitious yet too passive person. Entrancing in a way similar to that of watching awesome Salsa dancers in a Latin club about a year ago. Entrancing enough to get me to start taking lessons and eventually step out onto the public dance floor. Maybe The Point's story will entrance more of us to get out there and start our start-ups. Thank you for recognizing some of us who really want to know what lies ahead and beneath the romanticism of a real start-up. I'm not sure what this has to do about the article but this is a comment that just stood up and yelled to get my attention. From the millionaires I've met, I seem to find that they tell a story that relates to the point they are making. And they're not afraid to admit their weaknesses. And they talk about ideas. Bob Metcalfe: http://tinyurl.com/3yqsb6 "1. Selling Matters I have a six-story townhouse in Boston overlooking MIT on the Charles River. I often invite young engineers and would-be entrepreneurs over to schmooze. Many of them tell me my townhouse is beautiful and they hope to invent something like Ethernet that will get them such a house. The picture they have in their heads is of me lounging around on the beanbag chairs in a conference room at Xerox PARC in 1973. They see me having this idea for a computer network and submitting it as an invention proposal to Xerox. Then they envision me putting my feet up and letting the royalties roll in until I have enough to come up with the down payment on the townhouse with the river view. My picture-the actual picture-is different. It's the picture of innovation rather than invention, the weed instead of the flower. In my picture it's the dead of winter and I am in the dark in a Ramada Inn in Schenectady, New York. A telephone is ringing with my wake-up call at 6 a.m., which is 3 a.m. in California, where I flew in from last night. I don't know yet where I am, or where that damn ringing is coming from, but within the hour I'll be in front of hostile strangers selling them on me, my company, and its strange products, which they have no idea they need. If I persist, selling like this for 10 years, and I do it better and better each time, and I build a team to do everything else better and better each time, then I get the townhouse. Not because of any flowery flash of genius in some academic hothouse. Most engineers don't understand that selling matters. They think that on the food chain of life, salespeople are below green slime. They don't understand that nothing happens until something gets sold. The way I think about it is that there are three sets of people in the world. There is the set of people who will buy your products no matter what (think of your mother). There's the set who will never buy your products (think of your competitors). Both are much smaller than the set of people who will buy your products if the products are competently sold to them. That vast middle set is why sales is so important, and it represents one of the key differences between invention, which comes up with a brilliant new idea, and innovation, which gets that inspiration out into the world. Sales may not matter in invention, but it matters-in a very big way-in innovation." Microsoft, Intel, etc. fear that the next hundred million computers sold won't run Windows and won't be Pentium 4 SUV-gas guzzlers but economical, efficient vehicles that transport adults and children alike on the information superhighway (did I really just say information superhighway?) This is the most informative forum on Software Development with the EEE: http://forum.eeeuser.com/viewforum.php?id=19 The threads on LAMP indicate the drawbacks (usually UI-oriented) and point to the little quirks needed to install LAMP. The appeal of a laptop the size of a hardback book (but thinner) is sexy, since I carry a small bag that can hold a not-to-thick hardback book. Many years ago, I used a Sharp Actius ultralight A100 with a 89% of actual size keyboard (17mm). The Asus EEE is 79% of actual size (15mm). I can remember coding on it was basically pound out code now, pay later (it would hurt). For some reason, this reminds me of way-back when Pointcast was all the rage. Pointcast had a lot of potential (but the API was flawed). Twitter has demonstrated its potential. XMPP servers might not only make a better Twitter but help bring it to the mainstream (twitter - "Mom, pick me up at school") To think that Grand Central was under pressure to be demolished, until Jackie Kennedy lead a movement to save it... OK, I've read Twitter has heart-stopping SMS usage bills (they use 3rd party gateways). XMPP client for OpenSocial/Android/iPhone anyone? We need to break the strangehold of SMS/Phone company gateways. As much as I like elegant languages, sometimes (when crunch is on at work), I feel like I'm paid to copy-and-paste code (80%) and do the 20% (or more) modification that differentiates me from a trained monkey... Finally a Adobe Flex AIR Application that makes sense! - let normal people create their own personal/personalized widgets. +100 for the execution It's all opt-in :) Get over it. There are more than 11 reasons. Privacy is relative, especially in a world where your identity can be associated with a fixed static IP (common for broadband or MAC address - wireless). Only when egregious errors are made e.g. Facebook Beacon broadcasting on the newsfeed what someone bought for Christmas presents is it really visible. Deleting cookies (see what happens when you clear the cookie cache in YC, you're still logged in) does something for your privacy but not really. TripIt could be a nice orbitz acquistion I've found that we don't know how much we don't know until we try teaching it to someone. Congratulations for choosing to tutor math. Long live SOHCAHTOA. Transport-level mcast requires special routers.. Ah! No wonder I couldn't get the MBone videoconferencing stuff to work with Trumpet Winsock, years ago Brown University He was up 500 million Euros in late 2007 and never thought of going legit? That is serious delusional reality. I think he's as much as a hacker as a script kiddie Ingenious. Made my (early) morning. Reminds me of this proof: "The less you know, the more you make" http://tinyurl.com/yu2swe I know some pharmaceutical reps - they say without irony - that they push (in the drug dealer sense) whatever drug their company wants them to. America is the one of the only countries that allows pharmaceutical companies to advertise directly to consumers. http://tinyurl.com/27y5df No particular reasons...one of my siblings went there. I was never smart enough to even think of applying to this Ivy... The CS program has a reputation Brown attracts a very, diverse interesting intellectual student body (and liberal) Randy Pausch, who delivered a brilliant lecture about living life, ( http://tinyurl.com/38zo2k ) met his mentor there. Most schools are liberal only in the term 'Liberal Arts' for the course catalog. Brown is so liberal they even protest against the computer system not allowing them register for classes whenever they want. See: http://www.brownalumnimagazine.com/july/august_2007/a_course... Thayer Street (the main campus drag) is a wonder. I was trying to learn Salsa dancing by watching videos on the train. That really didn't work and in fact was counter-productive. Weekly lessons here and there helped but I really didn't start climbing up the pretty-steep Salsa learning curve until I started messing up on the dance floor dancing with random women. You can't simulate experience and the hardest thing was getting started (and continuing). I think you learn by taking on new experiences (if you do the same thing at work every day, you're bored and not learning). Programming is similar. We make mistakes and brute-force our way through. We start to recognize patterns. That's experience. It's a lot easier however (even though it's all in the head) to do fail in something if it's only you and the compiler/runtime (who cares if it doesn't work right away, you know it will) - when other people are involved, it's a lot harder (fear of what people think) Is it really 8 years of experience? If you spent the last 6 years doing the same thing basically, it's really just 2 years with lots of sets/reps.. Years of experience are overrated and I think HR folks are just trying to control IT/tech departments by imposing their standard lingo/Y.O.E. requirements In my first programming job, the team was busy with an fix-the-alpha/get-the-beta-out crunch so they assigned me and the other new member a game project to code. I did networked Othello, using Java Swing over Java RMI. The code design was poor since I didn't know better but it kept us busy and we got to present it to the rest of the team (it was a nice diversion from their crunch-time). The code review was strict but good natured (as they knew we didn't know better). But we learned. Photoset for antiquity's sake? Optimistically, we'll probably be in the Matrix/on the Holo-deck by then... "[0] Here is the graph of popularity ~ http://www.tiobe.com/tiobe_index/Python.html At what stage did google decided to adopt python?" I remember using Google back in 1997 or 1998 when it was hosted off of stanford.edu and receiving occasional Python error messages that said nicely that an error occurred and it had been logged.. Schools are an interesting ecosystem. As anyone who has walked from building A to building B to building C to building A to work out some issue can attest, inefficiency and resistance to change may be part of their DNA. YC sounds like a fantastic opportunity. I would pour-your-heart into the application and if you do get the offer - write a hand-written letter ( no email ) and FedEx it to your internship contact. In the letter, tell your internship liason exactly what you told us - explain your feelings for why you regret turning them down (tell them how you feel, don't use logic). people buy on emotion and rationalize with logic (even the most logical people). Carpe diem!... We had to read portions of Kuhn's book in college. Dense reading. Ever hear the phrase "paradigm shift"? He's responsible for launching that into our mindspheres. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradigm_shift I remember from my Thermodynamics class that modern gasoline engines are only about 37% theoretically efficient (most of the energy is lost as heat). Even if his invention doesn't violate scientific paradigms and is merely a more efficient induction motor, it might build a market. Your title really caught me. Google does own part of us. I have a degree in Civil Engineering. Since I was bored/nearly falling asleep in some of my structural engineering classes, I knew it probably wasn't the field. (I've always loved coding/playing with computers). An engineering degree really emphasizes problem solving. We had homework sets where you'd be lucky to solve all of them. Spending hours on a single problem. But you learn a lot. I see software development mainly as creative problem-solving. Getting my first job was a combination of luck and persistence. Thanks. I like your suggestions to read and eventually hopefully grok it. I think it's interesting how nervous/unconfident I am to actually start learning Ruby and Ruby on Rails (Pragmatic Programmer advice to learn a new language every year aside). And about doing something daily - it's a nice benefit that a job lets us get paid while maintaining/expanding our knowledge of the programming language we primarily use for that job. I'll build my first to-do list (after this weekend - prepping for my first party on Saturday - was too scared to do it alone, so asked a friend to co-host, overinvited, she overinvited, 41 people have RSVP'd yes?!) It's all about getting started and doing something daily so you don't regress. There is no such thing as failure only feedback, I've heard. It's true. Thank you. It all adds up. The habit I'll have to break - stop falling half-asleep on the train. To actually make use of the time the long commute affords. What goes with Heroku? Red or white.. Cloud or localhost. Interesting. This might make Ruby more palatable Edit: Heroku already responded! The Ruby environment looks great. Time to watch some screencasts. Kind of like cooking watching a Cooking show. This means I can bring my ancient supermodel-skinny Sharp laptop (P-233MMX) to a coffee shop and hack Ruby code! If you are in a funk, go to somewhere with a lot of people and say hi with a smile to first twenty people you cross paths with. The first 15 probably won't respond but once you cross a magic line and people start smiling back you'll feel more connected I'm excited to beta test. Who needs a MacBook Air to create your own interesting RoR project? This will let me hack Ruby on an ancient laptop. For bonus points, eventually, perhaps they could offer for-fee code reviews... Already got a response. I'm in! Though I don't know what to do as I don't know any Ruby. Time to learn... "Hello, Heroku!" here I come! No confirmation. But less than a half-hour later got the invitation email... Can we assume you won't go for the hat-trick as you probably already have the skills to pay the bills. My high school friend went there and always talked about how many bars per square mile there were in Madison. A ridiculous number. Not that that matters but... I've been armchair-surfing the Portland tech scene. This blog about the PDX tech scene is interesting.. http://siliconflorist.com/ "Calagator, the community project designed to give Portland one tech calendar to rule them all, has quickly begun to show signs of progress. In fact, events have begun populating the calendar already." http://calagator.org/ I didn't know Oregon (Corvallis) had such a vibrant technology culture/market. Do you still practice your art for fun and non-profit? I think exercising creativity is important for personal satisfaction. Chicago has the best waterfront in my option and the best summers. The restaurant and art scene are top-notch. The winters though... In Silicon Valley, the 2nd graders are talking about tech companies before they talk about U.S. History (my cousins) If you aren't in Silicon Valley or a similar tech hub, you won't be able to network as effectively (face-to-face with people you know and people you don't know). I think sites like hotornot.com would not have been successful had they been launched without the founder's network (and location which is almost the same thing) - critical mass builds quickly with the right network. Web - YouTube for all its hype made it ridiculously easy to convert video formats into Flash Video. No one I recall had done that before. Ask anyone if they thought they'd see videos embedded in web pages by the normal user.. Client - IntelliJ (yes, it's an IDE that I use but they hired smart, some near-wizard-level Czech/Russian programmers and did the marketing from the states - to impressive success on both ends) Client - Portal - ok it's a cool game but shows that ground-breaking ideas can come from students [Digipen] ( http://ps3.ign.com/articles/721/721542p1.html ) Related - a visual trick but amusing nonethless: http://www.metacafe.com/watch/360289/david_blaines_self_tyin... I agree. Some of the most technologically impressive startups are doing stuff with actual hardware (note hardware is a broad term to encompass everything from cells to robots) "2007 Young Innovators Under 35 Since 1999, the editors of Technology Review have honored the young innovators whose inventions and research we find most exciting; today that collection is the TR35, a list of technologists and scientists, all under the age of 35. Their work--spanning medicine, computing, communications, electronics, nanotechnology, and more--is changing our world." http://www.technologyreview.com/TR35/index.aspx P.S. I vote for the Roomba - bringing robotics to consumers in a safe, friendly non-Robocop kind of manner A wiser adult once convinced me that the entire theory of capitalism is based on overpaying you when you're young and underpaying you for the next 40 years... When it comes to programming, I believe some of the most capable programmers outsource the programming to the junior programmers who are still all about the latest technology/acronym and haven't grokked the underlying fundamental patterns/architectures/commonalities/integration. By the time programmers gain enough experience to see that it's all the same, they might be starting to look at starting their true legacy, a family (not code that lives on) I'm glad to hear that you are able to contribute both your programming and artistic (and probably leadership) skills. My brother-in-law is a photographer and he's started to sell some of his photographs at small art fairs. I've always wanted to be able to sit in a busy city park and either do caricatures or play classical guitar and draw a crowd to a stop and make a moment of their day more beautiful.. But it takes practice and practice. Not a priority, just a pipe-dream right now. I'm starting to get involved with a non-profit - PHP stuff - I think it's better than stuffing envelopes (e.g. provide value with your skills) Classic Dilbert cartoon about dual monitors. It rings true... Disclosure: I'm very happy with my secondary Dell 20" LCD - put my term windows and mail/IM windows there. The cartoon is not available on the main dilbert site anymore... Hopefully this link works. http://i151.photobucket.com/albums/s133/fottizio/Varie/dilbe... I remember seeing Paul Buchheit's (Gmail creator) setup for pair programming. It is extra-ordinary. Two laptops, one 1080p 42"+ HDTV http://paulbuchheit.blogspot.com/2007/06/quick-big-screen-de... http://tinyurl.com/2s9jz6 It's good for people to have a job, even if they are not the best one for that job. It helps keep the framework of society together. Ideally, people could exercise their true talent and get paid but it's not always easy to get paid for what you like to do. Like Jim Rohn says - if all you get from your job is a paycheck, you are underpaid. It's a series of checks and balances - no perfect job is out there - it's up to you to make the best of it. Bitnet Congratulations!! I'm an armchair film aficionado. I went to a pitch competition featuring pre-vetted aspiring film makers last year and it was fascinating enough to make me start wondering about the whole process and if I really could write a potential screenplay. Whoa. Jaw drops I cringe everytime I see someone use Windows on their home PC with an account with Administrator rights Marc deserves credit for proposing IMG. http://1997.webhistory.org/www.lists/www-talk.1993q1/0182.ht... "I'd like to propose a new, optional HTML tag: IMG Required argument is SRC="url". This names a bitmap or pixmap file for the browser to attempt to pull over the network and interpret as an image, to be embedded in the text at the point of the tag's occurrence." Start a profitable business and be successful in mentoring others how to start their profitable business (not network marketing by any means) Congratulations to these pre-Web 2.0 Web 2.0 founders... Hot or Not is a superb example of being in the right place at the right time with the right idea and the right skills and a bit of luck "It all started the evening of October 3, 2000, when I was sitting in my living room sharing a few beers with my roommate, Jim Young, and my brother, Tony. Jim had just mentioned that he thought a girl we had met at a party was a perfect "10," when the idea suddenly came to me: "Wouldn't it be funny to have a Web site where you could rate random pictures of people from 1 to 10?" ...I got about 15 hours of sleep over AmIHotorNot.com's first eight days—the time during which we addressed most of our scalability issues. Eight days after launching, we broke the one million page view barrier, reaching more than 1.8 million page views that day. By the end of November, we made NetNielsen's list of the top 25 advertising domains. The site now runs smoothly, and has handled as many as 14.8 million page views in a single day without even yawning. Looking back, I think that week of scaling easily wins distinction as the most stressful, most exhausting, most rewarding week I've ever had in my life. In this trial by fire, we certainly learned an incredible amount about building and scaling a Web application." From the story of amihotornot.com's first week of life (and near death by HTTP requests) ( http://www.webtechniques.com/archives/2001/05/hong/ ) Did you roll-your-own graph display UI library or use someone elses? I stopped watching TV when I moved to the city. Season 2 of Lost was the hardest show to give up. Now I spend more than the time I spent watching TV commuting to the suburbs. Credit cards. American Express and (what is now) Visa issued their first credit cards in 1958. Before credit cards, it was difficult for an individual to borrow against future earnings (this is essentially what buying using credit is) Friends who have met Bill Clinton in person say he makes you feel great/important even though they only meet him for mere seconds. I mean, he is an ex-POTUS and he makes you feel like the star. If that isn't charisma, what is? As a student of Toastmasters, when I saw that speech live on TV, I knew he'd be a presidential candidate. But in 2008? Never would have guessed so soon. Great speakers connect with the audience. Good speakers merely tell. Web 2.0 is about user-generated content/discussion. They were ahead of the curve in realizing and/or stumbling on that. Yes, user-uploaded pictures barely meets minimum standards for "user-generated content" and hot-or-not voting barely meets minimum standards for "discussion". And you might say it was the first Web 2.0 site that spread virally.. After the final surge to get my CTM and moving office locations, I dropped out. I still do get a public speaking fix through some storytelling gigs. I'd rather not say which specific club (I like to think I am a wallflower) but that Toastmaster club is/was a fantastic supportive environment to practice public speaking. For the only way to learn public speaking is to actually do it. The value of the feedback (handwritten comments that you get after a speech) was tremendous - where else can you get honest supportive feedback - people want you to succeed. The fact that it was a corporate club that was not my company was a plus - felt safe to talk about whatever - no coworkers (except the one guy I carpooled with). During the Q&A period at a talk by Jeff Barr, the Amazon Web Services evangelist, a venture capitalist made an insightful remark. He said how they had given a company $4 million in financing. $1 million of that went to purchase/lease server hardware and storage. Amazon.com's web services flips the traditional startup/venture capital financing paradigm. How? #1 You can test out your business model on a small scale without investing heavily in infrastructure. Why build it before they come? Is your business model working? Is it profitable? You can find this out. As a side effect, the businesses built on amazon.com's web services may be more self-sustaining than one that is simply siphoning off from a pool of initial capital funding . #2 You can scale as needed with EC2 and virtual machines. EC2 lets you go from 10 to 100 to 1000 virtual machines in real-time, all running your virtual machine image. The caveat is: you need to learn how to build the right virtual machines and manage your virtual machines. Jeff made a remark about how erlang and map-reduce (both esoteric languages that deal with managing scalability) will be valuable skills in probably just a year. #3 Your costs can go down. Why? Moore's law and whatever law/maxim regulates storage. As storage costs go down, Amazon.com can transfer on the savings to you - you can actually pay less per gigabyte of storage in 6 months. Compare that to having storage hardware that steadily depreciates and heads to slow obsolescence. Taking on a personal challenge and then writing about it Startup idea: Convince celebrities (A,B,C-list) to twitter (Significant privacy issues aside) I read an article once that suggested that colleges and universities are part of a mafia-type organization that extorts parents/students to pay high tuition fees...otherwise the student won't be able to get a decent white-collar job as an adult (the whole college degree required deal) I highly recommend Show Stopper!: The Breakneck Race to Create Windows NT and the Next Generation at Microsoft http://www.amazon.com/Show-Stopper-Breakneck-Generation-Micr... Fun drama like a C++ programmer spending months to get a simple window to appear on screen (e.g. building the Win32 API). Dave Cutler from DEC throwing things. Great idea. And not a bad one that would be applicable to CAPTCHAS as a whole. If non-technical. E.g. ask the user like 'What color is a US Dollar Bill' Wow. makes me feel old. I used to curse Netscape (if I wasn 't cursing IE) and curse IE (if I wasn't cursing Netscape) about DOM support. I used to write Javascript to programatically manipulate DHTML layers by hand and use Dan Steinman's DHTML library. It's so much easier now using Prototype et al. I've changed my mind. After reading some of these answers. I remember reading (some possibly apocryphal) stories about Tibetan monks able to run for days on end and sit on mountaintops in freezing weather without getting cold. I would attempt to learn how to unlock the true power of the mind and teach others to do so (to eliminate fear and the self-talk stuff that stops us) http://www.presscluboftibet.org/china-tibet-17/lung-gom-pa.h... Wow. All this walk down Internet memory lane. Made me remember GaboCorp. Remember GaboCorp >?> - the kick-ass Flash website done by a teenager/young adult? Well, get this, he has a blog http://pixelbreath.gabocorp.com/.. . he's all grown up - and just resigned as UX Lead for Comcast Interactive... Ideally, a home office with a lakefront view. But I'd settle for elements from Adobe/Flickr as shown at: http://www.officesnapshots.com/ Do children need to conjure up virtual/imaginary friends anymore with toys like these? Amazing technology but I think playing in the dirt with action figures is a dying art among the single-digit-year-folks. I wonder if they are doing real-time voice synthesis. We've come a long way since the Speak & Spell (from E.T.). African-American woman. Born to teenage unwed mother in rural Mississippi. Later raised in Milwaukee ghetto. Molested by relatives at age nine. Runaway, living on streets as teenager. Pregnant and gives birth to son (who died in infancy) at 14. Drug user in her 20s. Extraordinary stage presence and social and Oratorical skills since early childhood. Oprah In the city where I live, some of the homeless are mentally ill. A friend who works for one of the city hospitals says a lot of homeless hang out near the hospital, they scare her when she goes to work there early but they are desparate to be admitted and taken off the streets. Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, powered by Windows I believe I saw photos of that college green in "How Buildings Learn" Highly recommended - brilliant book about construction and architecture that applies fully to software development. Basic premise: If you don't build the right infrastructure/architecture, you will have to tear down to rebuild/remodel. All the copies I've lended out have been only returned to me years later. How many people browse News.yc on an iPhone...at the coffee shop... Or in the office bathroom stall .. Or is it just me? Since they got rid of the open wi-fi and replaced it with authentication-required, I find myself using EDGE more +1 Arabic is said to be one of the difficult languages to start learning Unfortunately, pen names and screen names are chosen to obscure ethnic origins, by marketing necessity, more than choice. My Indian and Asian friends used to know if a telemarketer was calling because the maybe-it-sounds-like this mangling of their surnames and sometimes first names. With the recent outsourcing of telemarketing to Indian call centers, I wonder if pronunciation of their names has improved, if any. Familiarity matters. Attractiveness matters as well. I remember a VH-1 popup video for Fiona Apple that highlighted how many months it had taken Fiona to get from demo tape (one of her friends babysat for a music industry big-shot) to recording contract to hit single. Then it contrasted that with Newt Gingrich (7 years or something to rise to Speaker of House) and other powerful, not-so-attractive individuals. The Apple iPhone is a mobile experience. Those of us who are fortunate to forgo its "lack" of features, understand that it can add value to part of the routine and boredom of day-to-day life. It's actually fun to do something productive and/or kill time with it while out-and-about. From presentation by Jared Spool UX expert: 1st generation - It's about the Technology (Big mainframe computers - had to go to specialized training at HQ to be able to use it, let alone program it. Early dotcom sites where you could theoretically buy something if you could figure it out) 2nd generation - Features (Mobile phones with streaming TV, MP3 - all thrown in, loosely coupled, none integrated, some Internet portals) 3rd generation - Experience (Craigslist, MySpace (it does what their target market wants them to - peer communication), Google is getting there... Facebook is getting there, flying sheep aside). In Jared's opinion, the Apple iPhone leapfrogged directly to the 3rd generation - it's not a phone, it's not a portable computer - it is a great way to kill time (everywhere I go I see people trying to kill time on their mobile phones, rarely is it an iPhone). Hypercard was my first exposure to a Mac and to programming. I remember thinking programming can be fun! I remember staying up to 4am with my college roommate, the night we found installed NCSA Mosaic for the first time. Of course, we regret not becoming wealthy by creating a free email service or whatever (it was wide open) but ce la vie. From my psychology reading, that what we measure tends to improve. So, measuring anything is an important step to improving. A doctor told me that if you don't have a water filter, you are the water filter. That being said, the difference between the quality of most municipal tap water and bottled water is marketing dollars. In some countries, it is a fact that you have to boil the water before drinking it. I was so nervous about avoiding sickness on my last trip to a Latin American country that I used bottled water (on my doctor's recommendation) to rinse out my toothbrush and avoided salad. This reminds me of the people who shop at Whole Foods yet dont recycle and celebrities who drive hybrid cars yet live in 10k sq. ft. houses where the AC/heating bill is hundreds/month. Classic human paradox of how hard it is to do everything right and/or people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones Google "helicopter parents" Some parents feel that it is within their rights to write their children's high school papers. If the pickup school teacher gives his students the courage to approach women (even if it is with a pre-packaged ice breaker), I think that's a significant step: they are initiating and finding that the encounter didn't kill them. And like anything in life, taking a class is just a start - it's up to the student to continue learning (by taking initiative and gaining experience). I think (assuming you are single) that approaching an attractive human of the opposite sex whomps public speaking on the hierarchy of fear or stress-inducing situations. "Technical people are motivated by interesting work. They will put up with abominable working conditions if they get to work on something that interests them. I’ve managed people who had to be sent home at night. But technical people without interesting work are very difficult to manage. Their active minds tend to get them into trouble." -- From Judy McKay, author of "Managing the Test People" ( http://tinyurl.com/3a9m69 ) What is interesting work? That determination is up to the hacker's mind. Poi has worked well for our projects where we have to export customer data to XLS (a commonly-requested feature that is almost like a checklist item) I find the file system within a file (OLE2 compound document) fascinating. I wonder who at Microsoft came up with that idea (or was it really an idea by technical committee) I've bought tens of self-help/self-discovery books and even read some of them. Of those I've read, I've found lots of commonalities and themes. The most important theme, in my mind, which is echoed in successful startups and businesses is: You don't have to get it right , you just have to get it going . . . " (as Mike Litman puts it) I've started doing this again. If you're introspective, it's hard to find someone to talk to about your life - Writing your thoughts and feelings down is immensely therapeutic - it's like listening to yourself. I use a private, password-protected blog (TypePad) and can even use their mobile interface. I find paper diaries can be hard to use as you have to establish a habit, while since most of us are always online in some form - it's easier to journal digitally. I did do lots of journalling years ago (using a bound paper diary) during a difficult workaholic phase and it is painful to read the self-pity and negativeness of the entries. But, it is good to see how I've changed since then. If you don't already have a alpha/beta/gamma of your web application live, I think a prototype of an interesting web project would help raise your application's chances. That being said, interesting ideas are cheap - my goal is to put the time/effort/energe to mold one of my ideas into a live proof-of-concept/prototype by the application deadline... in basically one month's time.. in Ruby on Rails (which I've just started learning). The fact that GMail started out from humble beginnings ("I wrote the first version of Gmail in one day. It was not very impressive. All I did was stuff my own email into the Google Groups (Usenet) indexing engine." - http://tinyurl.com/2zs4pe ) is inspiring. If Xobni gets acquired by Microsoft, I think it would impact the problem of how to manage thousands of emails for potentially millions of frustrated but complacent Outlook users. Well worth the upgrade to Office 2009 ftp://ftp.research.microsoft.com/pub/tr/tr-2002-75.pdf This may be off-thread to some but I believe it is very applicable - content not the platform gives the blog value to your customers and customer developers. For a great example, read http://blogs.smugmug.com/don/ (one of my favorite blogs in terms of technical and personal communication) Engineering is hard. Doing difficult homework problems is not fun. I only know a few engineers who were regulars on the college party circuit. The women in my engineering school (who were the minority) were smart and liked engineering. Xobni is holding out for the possibility of lucrative corporate site-wide licenses (negating the need to be acquired by Microsoft). Most people don't care it's your first day so try not to act like you are special. Especially if they've been coming to work for years more than you have been. Lie low, listen, code. Have a small profile. I made the big mistake of kissing up to the senior developer the first day of my new job (luckily we were able to forget this transgression later on) I'd like to add my own: Software can be developed - it can't be engineered (in the manner of bridges, tunnels, and chemical plants) Does anyone else think YouNoodle is a name that is almost a prank? "Confucius says, 'Of course, you want to be rich and famous,'" Leonard said. "'It's natural. Wealth and fame are what every man desires.'" But Confucius understood there is a moral decision too, and sooner or later an accounting begins. "'The question,' Confucius said, 'is what are you willing to trade for it?'" (From a great NG article about Silicon Valley during the DotCom boom that captures the energy and excitement of SV - http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/data/2001/12/01/html/f... ) www.twittervision.com I know that feeling well. Like what am I doing here? Why does everyone know everyone here? Where the pain of going up to a group outweighs the possible benefit of networking.. I used to use the advanced wallflower technique - e.g. stand close but not too close to a group to make it seem like you belong - if the group moves on, go to the next group. Don't get it as much now. Practice. And there are several simple and/or silly techniques that make a huge difference. Silly or simple as they may be. Here's one: talk to people who are standing by themselves, chat and then (this is key) tell them 'i'd like to go meet that group over there. let's go" No problem. I've absorbed the following techniques from a wide range of sources (blogs to books to observing my savvy natural networking friends). Please share your own observations or techniques (i'm not an expert - I just paint myself as one in news.yc land) 1. On your way to the event, choose to smile and say hi to almost everyone you pass. The first ten may not even register a response but once you get to thirty or event twenty hellos, people start to sense your warmness (you're warmed up socially) 2. When you get to the event, pause in the entrance for at least 10 seconds. 3. Silly technique but don't diss it until you try it. When you walk into an unfamilar room, make friends with it. Say (silently) 'Hello wall, nice to meet you. Hello table. how are you" Later you can extend this to (silently) sending out 'Hello person - it's nice to meet you' as you walk around the room. 4. Do not walk around with a drink. Keep your hands free. Walking around with a drink or worse a plate and a drink is like a 'don't bother me. i'm busy feeding myself' Put down your drinks/food and be open. 5. Talk to single individuals and bring them into a group with you (Do not say: "Nice meeting you. Talk to you later" - that could make a temporary enemy, Say: "I'd like to go talk with that group over there." (if they don't want to, then you can gracefully leave the singleton) 6. Remember names. Google will show you that there are many memorization techniques to do this. Some are pretty outrageous. All require practice (especially the visual mnemonic ones). All require hearing the name in the first place. 7. Wear your nametag (if there is one) on the right. Wearing it on the right lets another person see the nametag easier, during a handshake (assuming right-to-right) 8. You're not there to chat 30 minutes with a stranger (unless you want to). Mingling is not standing by the bar talking with one or two people. You're not there to build relationships (that's not possible) - if you enjoy talking with someone - get their contact info at the peak of the conversation. 9. Here's an example for holiday parties. The whole idea is to transition from (something shared) the environment to (you and your conversation partner) personal. A: 'Nice food' B: 'How are you enjoying the party' C: 'I like Holiday parties because' D: 'I'm looking forward to visiting my family in X during' E: 'What are your holiday plans' 10. Don't use close-ended questions. 'Are you having a good time'. That's boring. That's lame. Instead try making statements 'I like how that buffet line is as packed as I-280' 11. Follow up within 24-48 hours. For real bonus points, hand-write and mail an actual note in the postal mail. (advanced) 12. You have to show initiative and commitment. If you walk up with a lame 'How are you?' you'll get a tepid response. However, if you walk up with a 'Nice to meet you. I'm wallflower' and the feeling like you already know them/they're good friends, then wow can happen (Super-advanced) 13. Work the room like you own the place. The most natural and savviest of my friends do this. Confidence and a smile are the best icebreaker, not alcohol. HoTMaiL = HTML " Individual attention getters of all sorts will find it ever easier to get attention directly through the Web, without any corporate packaging necessary." a.k.a Tila Tequila "In a full-fledged attention economy the goal is simply to get either enough attention or as much as possible. Recall now what I pointed out earlier: if you have a person's full attention, you can get them to perform physical acts, ranging from moving their eyes to follow you, to raising their hands, to applauding, to bringing you a glass of water, to handing you a sandwich, or, as is not uncommon in the case of rock groupies or sports fans, having sex with you (to cite a notorious example)." Will the next cult arise online? I remember a scene in a Sci-Fi novel (was it Snowcrash) where a online textbook empowered thousands of teenage girls. Still reading this fascinating article. It puts a dry academic perspective on the madness of Facebook/RockYou/et al. Another Litmanism "The name of the game in life is you either have to focus on the process or the reward at any given moment. If you focus on the reward... (procrastination) If you focus on the process, you'll get there" Litman quotes Bloomberg... From page 52 (paperback) in his book 'Bloomberg By Bloomberg': "We made mistakes, of course. Most of them were omissions we didn't think of when we initially wrote the software. We fixed them by doing it over and over, again and again. We do the same today. While our competitors are still sucking their thumbs trying to make the design perfect, we're already on prototype version No. 5. By the time our rivals are ready with wires and screws, we are on version No. 10. It gets back to planning versus acting. We act from day one; others plan how to plan - for months." The principle is fundamental. I don't think it was a specific book. I'm on his email list twice - he reiterates the theme a lot. To elaborate, Litman says it's all about small steps. You need to make a commitment to taking small steps. All of successful business is a compilation of small victories. It's the small steps that make a difference. Most people aren't willing to stay in the game long enough to succeed... Conversations with Millionaires is a great book because he interviews a really diverse group of successful entrepreneurs. Personally, I don't always like his rah-rah cheerleading you-can-do-it approach but he shares some valuable insights. The author mentions money flowing towards attention centers in the attention economy. Interestingly, he does mentions advertising as paid attention - not as a money source for attention getters. How will people be paid in the attention economy? Micropayments? Transaction fees? The brand-called-you. Facebook Beacon v10? I think it's very much up in the air. Happy Birthday - Thanks to all the contributors! I'm not sure what I would do without my daily fix of news.YC (take up another hobby?). I find this site engages me, as I start to move from hiding in my cube to getting out of my cube, to startup-land or elsewhere. (You're right) http://ycombinator.com/announcingnews.htm Good looking news site. Very nice UI layout. Probably similar to Techmeme auto-news-discovery-ranking guts underneath it. Makes Techmeme look like the Drudge Report. But the unsexy look of the Drudge Report has its charms. I still like Techmeme. Newspond looks too good maybe. I think it is the threads of discussion that help jog/stimulate/kick-start your brain after it stalls on a non-YC related problem... If you want to cut back (definitely not cold turkey)... 8aweek.com - just started yesterday and I'm shocked at how quickly 30 minutes (of usage) goes... Now they just need an iPhone version (so I don't cheat) Book recommendation: Sprawl: A Compact History Read it for a book club a long time ago. Need to find it again. "Brown eyed people are dumb" Good they didn't try Jane Elliot's famous and controversial "Brown eye/Blue eye" exercise in that classroom: http://www.janeelliott.com/ This is not to say that lemonade stands are scalable but Alex's Lemonade Stand is an amazing story... "Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation (a registered 501c3 public charity) is a unique foundation that evolved from a young cancer patient's front yard lemonade stand to a nationwide fundraising movement to find a cure for pediatric cancer. Since Alexandra "Alex" Scott (1996-2004) set up her front yard stand at the age of four, more than $17 million has been raised towards fulfilling her dream of finding a cure for all children with cancer." http://www.alexslemonade.org/ No, Litman did not have anything to do with Bloomberg on Bloomberg. He was quoting Bloomberg (as he). I believe if you can get one idea going forward out of a book, it's more than worth it. Best quote ever... "Sometimes I Question Your Commitment To Sparkle Motion!" from Donnie Darko (cult favorite - if you haven't seen it, rent it, watch it, and spend 2 hrs afterwards reading on the Net to figure out what you just saw) +1 for 1984 terminology If I had the means (by private banking wealth standards), I would buy the collection, digitize it all, and hire a phalanx of lawyers so it could be streamed free-of-charge over the Net. With a nice (RNG) shuffle feature. I had no idea an early childhood classroom could evolve into a Lord of the Flies scenario. When we played our favorite game - peg ball in elementary school, we didn't think so deep. It was throw the ball against the wall and if you fumbled it/didn't catch it, run to the wall before you got pegged. I think these teachers are really imposing a Brave New World kind of lens on their microcosm of a world. Maybe it's just me I wasn't that self-aware, clued-in at their single-digit age (maybe not even now). Maybe they can find unique capitalistic synergies with StartupSchwag.com Einstein's Dreams by Alan Lightman is an imaginative (read fictional) adventure into how Einstein might have come up with his paradigm-making ideas while working as a patent clerk in Bern.. Good coast-to-coast airplane read. In another context (e.g. a film documentary) this could also be fascinating. It's a toy application on a real infrastructure. Wait until developers start writing some real value-adding/lifestyle Facebook apps. Real Facebook applications will intermediate between users without requiring their direct input (think Personal Assistants). That being said, 300M page views/month is something most indie developers would sell their friends for - though it might be a bit embarassing that it's such a LCD app. I tried a co-working site a couple times. It beats sitting in Starbucks or the local coffee shop (with free AC outlets and wi-fi) with a bunch of strangers - instead you are with your peers. And in a co-working space you don't feel like you have to subsidize your stay with strategically timed-out coffee purchases. Also, a nice thing is you can go out to lunch and leave your laptop there (it's secure). The 'can you watch my laptop' when you have to use the bathroom in a Starbucks-type environment (too much coffee subsidization) is always a little sketchy and feels imposing. The weird thing about co-working is that it's like study hall - because other people are working - you feel the pressure to work as well - to not slack - or maybe not study hall but cram session before finals in a college library. So even though the music may be playing loud in the background, there isn't really a lot of networking going on - everyone's busy with their own gig. So you might actually get more interaction in an office setting - in my experience there's not a lot of small talk. Just queries like 'Dave - can you help me debug this [XHTML layout]?' As a corporate worker bee programmer, I admire yet just got sorta jealous at the co-workers there who make a good living designing Wordpress/XHTML/Drupal (e.g. non-nitty gritty technical) sites for businesses. Co-working is a powerful idea (like unionizing indie developers). I think it depends on the work style/personality of the individual. E.g. if you twitter multiple times daily, you're probably a good candidate. So now most of the costs of getting into Stanford are simply before you get into Stanford (private school, studying, night school, extra-curriculars) Most of us oblige Newtown's First Law - The Law of Inertia - when it comes to going off the safe path "Our benefits were astonishing in comprehensiveness and quality of care. Sometimes we questioned whether they were worth it. We though moving to India might be better, or going back to nursing school. Doing something with the handicapped or working with our hands. No one ever acted on these impulses, despite their daily , sometimes hourly contractions . Instead we met in conference rooms to discuss the issues of the day" Then We Came to The End, A 1st Novel by Joshua Ferris, First page. Excellent writing, still reading it off and on. (Note text emphasis mine, not in text) Geeks are a niche market, except apparently on the Internet (too many geeks, too many sites (gizmodo, boingboing, techcrunch, etc.). Take a look at online poker instruction sites - a very good niche market if you have the credentials - people are competitive and will pay $10 or more a month for the edge. If you truly like doing something obscure, there are other people who probably like doing it. And if you take the lead (important) and build a community/blog, you reap the rewards. It's nice to know for every ShoeMoney.com, there are hobbyist sites that are making hundreds if not thousands in supplementary cash flow. I think five years from now we won't be logging into Facebook but we'll be talking to our mobile devices and they'll be scheduling reservations for us (it will all be autonomous agents doing tasks/chores for us on behalf of our openID) For those of you who are looking to be wealthy, aim to become an accredited investor by IRS standards. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accredited_investor How many of you haters have a facebook account? We need more women like Danica McKellar. Women who use technology to communicate that science/math can be part of a girl's domain, if they choose. Since captivating boys on the Wonder Years, she has moved on to marketing/teaching the idea that math doesn't suck (to girls). Math Doesn't Suck: How to Survive Middle-School Math Without Losing Your Mind or Breaking a Nail (Hardcover) by Danica McKellar (Author) http://www.danicamckellar.com/ I've been working on a big project involving Adobe Flex for the past year. Before we started the project, they brought in Adobe trainers for 5-days of on-site, slightly-better-than-powerpoint Flex training. Too much information - from one topic to the next. We all knew no Flex. Theoretically, we could have learned Flex from the online tutorials but after the recovering from the deluge of 5-days of Flex we could claim plausible knowledge. Then, we sat on it for 4 months - no flex. Of course, not until we started trying to develop UIs using Adobe Flex 4 months later did we start to learn (painfully). But the training got us started. The point of this little story - get help, ask questions (hacker personalities are problem solvers and love to solve problems), but get started. Training and mentoring can help bootstrap it. Ask a friend who is a programmer to help get you started. You seem like a good writer - why not write a blog about learning enough about programming to build your own web application? I remember reading an article in Time about a shareware author who was grossing 600k a year from registrations for his software product. I forget which niche the product was in but the point here is, among the PocketInformant/WebIS big PDA apps there will be plenty of room for independent/small companies to thrive. Build a product that people will use, support it, and do well. U.S. Patent #5,493,618 "Method and apparatus for activating switches in response to different acoustic signals" a.k.a. The Clapper "Clap on, Clap off" http://tinyurl.com/3cp6cd Is the closest most adults get to polyphasic sleep while they are caring for their newborns and get no sleep? Becoming a partner: Work 80 to 100-hr weeks for 5-10 years (M-F,S-S 10-10) Sacrifice balance in your life Lose your friends If you're good enough, they'll ask you if you want to (take a loan) and buy into partnership "Mike Jeffries is the Willie Wonka of the fashion industry.. Examples of his strange behavior abound. According to Business Week, at A&F headquarters Jeffries always goes through revolving doors twice, never passes employees on stairwells, parks his Porsche every day at the same angle in the parking lot (keys between the seats, doors unlocked), and has a pair of "lucky shoes" he wears when reading financial reports." I am friends with a former A&F employee, who is very attractive and confident. Behind the soft-porn young american look/magalog that is the A&F marketing ethos, there is a darker side of requiring low-hourly-wage earning employees to spend nearly all their wages on A&F clothes (lawsuit was settled) and attractive employees being required to recruit other attractive employees (either sex) to work for A&F, whenever they were out and about (e.g. partying). Google seems to have a Darwinian approach to innovation. Perhaps it works. These success stories are the ones that thrived and made it to the next generation. It's nice to hear for every Google News there is unmentionable projects. I wonder if Google has a technical caste system similar to MSFT. I think you can make the argument that the "non-hackers" are hackers in the sense that they know and understand the technology of social dynamics, psychology, relationships, selling. And sometimes they are unaware of how they do what they do - they just do it - like some hackers. As Joe Kraus said in his Startup School lecture, it's easier to start a startup in 2006 than in 1996 but it's still as hard to start a business. In the network marketing world (of which I observed as a passive participant briefly), they have a saying - don't confuse activity as productivity. For example, in network marketing, filling out paperwork and reading web sites and listening to tapes are (low-value) spin your wheel activities. Approaching prospects, inviting people to meetings, mentoring, and selling product are high-value productivity. These productive activities can all be measured: As one of the co-founders of HP said in a maxim: "You can't make what you don't measure". For your startup, intend to focus on activities where you can measure results and success. Billing will be one - you can even see if people actually use it. The observers, presented with a ten-second silent video clip, had no difficulty rating the teachers on a fifteen- item checklist of personality traits." I think, as someone who has the consciously think to make a good first impression and defaults to unconsciously not really caring about the impression I make, it freaks me out a little that humans make such snap judgements. I still make snap judgements but I prefer to form an impression of a person over time - interesting until proven boring and even then, as the filmmaker Pedro Almodavar said - 'it's our little quirks that make us human'. And to quote Neo in the Matrix, 'one does not truly know someone until they fight them' - you're not fighting someone until (hopefully) you have an established relationship. First impressions are overrated and I think they can be countered with better n++ impressions. A lot of married people I've met - the wife says 'she wouldn't go out on a date with him - she turned him down..at first' "Grandpa, tell us about the download progress bar again" Beautiful visualization. Reminds me that it is time to browse my neglected copy of Tufte's Envisioning Information. Thanks I went to the Colorado Software Summit. At the presentations and nightly convocations, they were giving out as the door prizes: 'Programming Ruby' books. And the presenters/organizers gushed 'it's really cool, the next big thing. Ruby is it'. That was seven or eight years ago. While Ruby broke out with Ruby on Rails, Java is firmly entrenched and as someone who is trying to learn Ruby/Ruby on Rails - I'm finding the learning curve painful as Ruby/Ruby on Rails is more than just a syntax or a language it's a different way of doing things. We're trying to justify a small project (business case) but even though the application we are intending to build is perfect for RoR - they are almost like why not Spring/Hibernate/Flex. I believe many Java programmers are happy that Java is a near default language for a lot of non-startup IT/software shops - you can't learn Ruby on Rails from a 5-day bootcamp. Less movie goers. "In 1948, with studios earning all their revenues from the box office, that audience was moviegoers. Even as late as 1980, when the audience had television sets and video players, studios still earned 55 percent of their money from people who actually went to movie theaters. In 2005, however, those moviegoers provided the studios with less than 15 percent of their worldwide revenues, while couch potatoes provided it with 85.8 percent." From 2005 and still relevant http://www.slate.com/id/2123286 Excellent statement of the relationship between persistence and courage: "By courage I don't so much mean the ability to rush in to battle. I much more mean the ability to ask for what you want. To take life by the balls and make it yours. Whether thats a job, a date, or attention...Persistence cannot be understated, but then again without courage your life paths are limited..." I like Jira. We use it to track pre-release software defects and it is quick to do commonly used functions like searching, screenshots, commenting on issues (no, it doesn't integrate with our CVS but we don't need it to). Once the software is released, per protocol, an issue with the software has to be tracked through our Siebel CRM solution (ugh, ugh). Jira compared to Siebel in terms of developer friendliness/usability - no contest. A Flex Haiku I wrote: it's more than just flash enterprise level big apps not just eye candy Without knowing more about why they are moving from ColdFusion (and I assume CFML) to Flex, I have to ask if they have a business driver. Flex will give their application a new look (you can't beat the sexy look of vectorized graphics) AS3 is basically ECMAScript4, which is much better than AS2. The IDE is ok - it's not going to make you rave about it. The compiler time will drive you nuts (sometimes). The debugger is good. We don't really use the UI builder as it does not fit our requirements. There is a lot of programming through (m)xml. There are many little gotchas in AS3/MXML programming that consume free time while you figure them out. We had to code several tools to generate mediator-type objects for AS3 to Java. I usually just jump down through the rabbit-hole and drill down through the object hierarchy in 'Variables', but you can add expressions (e.g. _myFooVar) to watch, in the debugger IDE. "Failures are like skinned knees - painful but superficial." - Ross Perot +1 for the reminder of Perot's infomercials during his 1992 presidential run in which he delivered his sales pitch for president (charts and all) GA Evolved antenna - looks like paperclip twisted in bunch but proven to have low power draw, high gain http://ic.arc.nasa.gov/projects/esg/research/antenna.htm Before Superwall, Before Jia Shen of Rock You was a Facebook/Myspace luminary, presenting talks like "Designing Viral Apps: Engineering the Viral Loop"... "Fresh-faced entrepreneurs Jia Shen and Lance Tokuda were running out of money to fuel their start-up when, in February 2006, they landed a Founders Brunch invitation from venture capitalist Saar Gur. They pitched their business to anyone who would listen, even planting themselves in front of the eggs to get attention. They hit pay dirt with Internet entrepreneur and investor Ariel Poler who, in turn, introduced them to other financiers. Today, their company, RockYou, whose software allows users to add slide shows to their profiles on Facebook and MySpace, has raised millions of dollars and garners more than 1 billion page views a month."