People write minimal Lisps because they're easy while being elucidating. You can describe a compiler for a more-than-minimal Lisp in a forum post. 1) Specify representations for: integers, strings, symbols, and cons-es; specify a data structure for the symbol table and define INTERN properly. 2) Implement the reader, cribbing heavily from CLHS 2.1.4, 2.2. Set up constituent, whitespace, and terminating character classes, and implement reader macros for at least quote, double quote, and left/right parens. 3) Specify a representation for the environment, which will map symbols to offsets of variables on the stack frame; have a stack of these objects. 4) Figure out what special operators to handle. You can get away with just: lambda, progn, if, quote, let. 5) Starting from each top level form, walk the code recursively. Each element you encounter will either be: a) a top-level definition b) a single symbol variable reference c) a list with a symbol at its head which is a special form d) a list with a symbol at its head which is a function call As you walk the code, push a new environment onto the stack for each lambda and let you come across, which you pop off when you're done walking the corresponding body (but make sure you save it somewhere). 5.1) In one pass, collect information on closed-over variables. Walk the code looking for variables which are referenced (5b) but are not present in the environment. In that case search up the stack. If you find it in a parent environment, it's a closed-over variable. If you don't find it at all, it's a global variable. 5.2) Use the environment structures you just collected to assign local variables to stack slots. Figure out a closure representation (use a code pointer followed by an array of closed-over variables). Use the info you collected in (5.1) to assign variables to stack slots and closure variable references to closure variable slots. 5.3) In a second pass, generate code. When you reach: a) A TLD, emit a call to the runtime to associate a global name with a lambda b) A variable reference, emit code to either load the value from the stack slot noted in your environment structure, or from the appropriate closure slot, or emit a call to the runtime to look up a global value. c) A special form: generate function prologues/epilogs when you reach a lambda form, use labels and jumps to implement 'if', and use whatever data facilities your assembler has to handle quote-ed literals. When you reach a nested lambda, emit its code as a separate function, then at the point where it is used as a value in the parent function call a closure creation function providing it with the address of the generated code plus the values of all closed-over variables. d) A function call, emit a call to the runtime to look up the global value, then evaluate each of the arguments left to right, pushing them onto the stack. Then, jump to the body of the function. 6) Implement the runtime functions for cons handling, the global symbol table, and closure creation. Extend as you see fit to include mutable variables, etc. So when you're marking, you're working off a mark stack. You pop an object off the market stack, scan it and mark each of its children, then put any newly-marked children onto the mark stack. Note that the mark stack separates when an object gets marked from when it is scanned and its children marked. So when the read barrier triggers, you can mark the object and put it on the mark stack, as if you'd just scanned its parent. The object's children will get recursively marked when the marker processes the object from the mark stack, but that can happen independently of the read barrier fault. You might, but all the people using Facebook really don't. Especially the whole 13-33 contingent raised with the internet - the convenience of being able to keep in touch with your friends circle is worth more to them than their privacy. If you think privacy concerns are going to hinder Facebook's profitability you're completely wrong. "but also shows that Watson is no different than established A. I." How does it show that? You want to use a $500 tablet as a $20 flash drive? And carry a USB cable that'll take up more space in aforementioned $20 flash drive? That is really one of the problems with Apples' competitors - they just don't get the use cases. The author's argument is specious. You need design guidelines in place for any language feature. You can say the same thing about interfaces in Java - you see a call x.doFoo() and you have no idea what code gets called! Well yes, that's why you formalize your module interfaces and don't let people just randomly create interfaces between modules, etc, etc. Even in assembly you can define a function _do_foo that actually does "bar." You need to know how to architect code with meta-programming in mind, no doubt. But this isn't any harder than architecting code with any other language feature in mind. Just as you need to clearly specify the semantics of your interfaces, you need to clearly specify the semantics of DSLs. Managed properly, DSL's can have a tremendous positive impact on the code-base. I've been mucking around in compilers lately, and one thing that never ceases to amaze me is SBCL. The compiler is about 55K LOC + 15K LOC for each native back-end. That's about the same size as the C1 compiler in Hotspot, but does a whole lot more (ie: includes the front-end of the compiler, while C1 gets low-level bytecode as input, has to deal with type inferencing and lambda lifting and all sorts of other things to bring a high-level dynamic language down to machine code, etc, etc). And it does that with algorithms about 15 years older (it doesn't have the benefit of SSA form which would massively simplify many of the optimizations SBCL performs). Macros are a huge part of how SBCL does it. There are 123 macro definitions in the compiler, and they do a tremendous job in cutting code by making DSLs for things like specifying code generators, etc. As for readability - because it's well designed and well-commented, it's surprisingly maintainable and readable for a code-base that's 25 years old and has been maintained by so many different people over the years. Fair point, but using it as a USB drive? To what end? Whether your "simple loop" is actually simple depends on the complexity of the underlying problem. At a certain point, it takes less time to understand the abstraction + the code using that abstraction than to understand the fully-expanded code without the abstraction. If you're just adding up the elements of an array, no big deal use a simple loop. If you're iterating through three lists of potentially unequal length processing some triplets and skipping others and returning some data structure based on that iteration, a raw loop is going to be anything but simple and readable while using an abstraction like CL's LOOP is going to result in something very manageable. To give an empirical example off the top of my head, look at any compiler code written in C. Iterating over flow graphs is a big PITA because they're nested heterogenous structures (a procedure has basic blocks which has instructions which has uses and defs). You iterate over them a lot and a lot of iterations end up being complex triply-nested affairs. Nearly all compilers written in C use some sort of abstraction to deal with this complexity. Eg: GCC has a bunch of macros of the form FOR_EACH_ that use the pre-processor. Look through some really old Lisp code sometime. SBCL is highly readable despite being: 1) 25 years old and touched by tons of different people since then; 2) a program that does some really complicated things in a pretty small space (~60 KLOC for the arch-independent portion). When you see (def-ir1-transform ...) in the SBCL source, it's immediately obvious what is about to come along (at least if you know about compilers). Similarly old C code (eg: GCC) is completely incomprehensible in comparison. Why isn't Smalltalk, Prolog, Modula, ML, Eifel, FORTRAN, Ada, APL, etc, more widely used? Because there can only be a couple of "mainstream" languages, and C/C++ took up all the mindshare in that period. In fact, a more useful question is: "why is Lisp even used as much as it is?" The current Common Lisp standard is 20 years old, and yet it supports a pretty active if small user community, which is more than can be said of most of its contemporaries. It's scary because it's old and ALL IN CAPS. Modern Lisp code is much easier to read, especially in a proper editor with syntax highlighting and braces matching. Eg, fib in C: int fib(int n) { if(n The parens aren't really that annoying once you get used to them, and I personally find them a lot less distracting than the profusion of commas and curly braces that C-syntax languages use in their place. Eg: {{"apples", RED}, {"bananas", YELLOW}, {"oranges", ORANGE}} '(("apples" RED) ("bananas" YELLOW) ("oranges" ORANGE)) Also, don't forget that abstraction makes everything more readable: (dolist (var '(1 2 3 4)) (princ a)) for(list::iterator itr = list.begin(); itr != list.end(); ++itr) { cout http://www.infoq.com/articles/azul_gc_in_detail#appendixa ^^^ Details how their read barrier works. Cost of living calculators are probably not that misleading for people in the $100k range. Your after-tax income in Houston on $100k salary is $73k. Your after-tax income in San Fran on $186k salary is $111k. So taxes alone reduce the initial $86k difference to $38k. A similarly nice apartment in San Fran will easily run you $2k/mo more than in Houston, reducing the difference to $14k. The difference will be further reduced by other location dependent expenses: property and sales taxes, food, insurance, gas, entertainment, etc. A Big Mac in New York costs 50% more than a Big Mac in Miami.* Movie tickets in New York are about $12.50 versus $7.50 nationwide. A drink at a bar is about double in New York versus in Atlanta (where I used to live). ) http://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/review/03/11/pak... , p. 24. *) http://jabcatmovies.com/2010/01/movie-ticket-prices-new-york... For people in typical earnings ranges, the majority of your income is spent on location-dependent costs: taxes, rent, insurance, food, entertainment, etc, not on discretionary spending like BMWs* or iPhones. *) Also, BMW's only cost you the same everywhere if you pay sticker for a new car. Used cars have significantly different prices in different zip codes. One hour each way or total?! "Liberal" and "conservative" are relative terms. Obviously their absolute meaning changes as the median relative to which they are defined changes. As for anarcho-communism, it distinguishes communism involving a strong central authority from communism involving no or decentralized authority. Javascript's semantics already suck and CoffeeScript is kind of stuck with that. Might as well focus on what they can make better. Just a law student, but I can buy the SOX thing. Companies have very different approaches to compliance, get advice from different counsel, account for things in different ways, etc. I feel like there is a Occam's Razor argument in here. What purpose besides SOX could Apple have in not giving away XCode 4? Could be pure greed as others are saying, but when Apple wants to make money they're incredibly good at it. How many people are going to download XCode? Tens of thousands? Apple might stand to make, what $100k off the venture? If they were really trying to monetize XCode why would they price it so they don't make any money off it? If you just need gcc: http://llvm.org/releases/download.html#2.8 Also, how many Apple developers don't already have an iTunes account? First, Apple does make the GCC source available: http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-5646/ Second, Apple doesn't ship GCC in the default install, why would they need to make it the source available? Something something "living Constitution" something something. I don't think I'd be going out on a limb if I said when the founding fathers penned the Copyright Clause, their original understanding only contemplated civil action. It's not the JS engine that's the security problem. It's that the JS engine requires allowing apps to mark pages as executable. Executable pages opens up a whole another vector of attacks that have nothing to do with dangerous JS apps. You missed the point of his argument. Consider the Crash Bandicoot folks. Sure after Naughty Dog got bought, Sony couldn't figure out how to deal with the Lisp codebase and future projects were in C++. But Lisp let them build the first major platform game on the PSX, beating Sony itself to the market, and none of the stuff afterwards would've happened without that. The points about LLVM being designed for "static C-like languages" isn't totally on-point. There as an impedance mismatch between Python and LLVM, but it's less about dynamic versus static than it is about the nature of the stack frame. In LLVM, most optimizations operate on SSA values (the Value class in the LLVM IR). There is some support for CSE-ing loads, etc, but the effectiveness of that depends heavily on your alias information. So to get good optimization out of LLVM, you've got to represent things as Value's. This is hard to do in Python. Python's lexical scoping semantics are a little bit wonky and there are lots of scenarios in which the thread's stack frame is reified as an object. So without some heavy analysis, you end up keeping your local variables in an activation frame object on the heap, and at that point you're toast. The local variables themselves won't be represented as SSA Value's, and most of the LLVM optimizations won't do anything with them. This is not a "dynamic language" thing per se. Lisp, which is also a dynamic language, actually maps quite cleanly to LLVM. Every binding introduced by LET is already in SSA form unless it is either closed-over, assigned-to, or both. 1) If the value is just closed-over, you demote it to the function's environment and replace uses of the variable with a load from the environment vector. 2) If the value is just assigned-to, you just demote it to a stack slot via ALLOCA and LLVM's mem2reg pass will take care of re-promoting it to a Value. This latter technique is exactly what Clang does for all C local variables, so LLVM is highly-tuned for handling this scenario. In C, variables that have their address taken cannot be promoted, but this cannot happen in Lisp so every assigned-to value demoted to an ALLOCA should be promotable. 3) If a value is both assigned-to and closed over, you demote it to a heap-allocated box and replace all uses with heap references. After this transformation, nearly every Lisp variable is an SSA Value, and the optimizers can work with them. Even if you use function calls to do generic arithmetic, etc, LLVM will happily CSE them for you as long as you mark those functions as readnone (ie: pure). Now, there are some things LLVM won't do for you. It can't const-propagate generic arithmetic because it does't know the semantics. It can't do reassociation, etc, because you're not using the ADD/SUB, etc instructions. I don't see anything that would prevent you from doing it yourself in a custom pass, however. In short, the criticism isn't so much that LLVM has an impedance mismatch with dynamic languages as it is that it only handles the bottom of the optimization stack. You still need to do the high-level language-specific optimizations before handing things to LLVM. It's not a big deal for LuaJIT because it uses a clever tagging format that can hold a boxed 64-bit float in a register. Global type inference (which is what you'd be doing if you used a points-to analysis to figure out what methods would be called) is a fragile optimization. Runtime type feedback (observing the actual type at call sites and doing optimistic compilation based on that) is more robust and predictable (your points-to analysis doesn't suddenly fail just because there is a single polymorphic use somewhere in the code). That in itself is orthogonal to tracing. Runtime type feedback was developed on whole-method compilers, after all. Tracing is neat, and it's in vogue because it gets you to a "good" optimizer with relatively little development cost, but you can do all the things tracing does in a whole-method compiler with more engineering work. On-stack replacement (necessary for doing optimistic compilation) is arguably easier in a tracing compiler, and is definitely the major thing missing in LLVM for dynamic language implementations. But all of this is one step beyond the threshold problem. Even all these tricks don't help you if you can't reify your local variables as SSA values --- all that fancy LLVM machinery won't see anything to optimize. There are various aspects of Python's local variable semantics that seem to harken to days when stack frames were implemented with dictionaries (eg: del). There may be a way to map this cleanly to register variables but it's not clear to me how you'd do this. Beyond that there are several places where you can introspect the activation. See: locals(), some of the fields in the code object, etc. Again, there may be implementation techniques you can use to get around this, but there isn't an obvious and clean mapping to SSA values as there is for Lisp-like languages. Common Lisp supports that --- it doesn't really much with compilation too much. Static whole program type analysis is pretty much a lost cause for any production compiler. I don't know what you're expecting. Your algorithm is basically: 1) Read a line from a stream, parse it into an integer. 2) Do a little math. 3) Convert an integer into text and print it to a stream. In Python, (1) and (3) are implemented in C. For Common Lisp, (1) and (3) are mostly implemented in Lisp. Beyond that, (1) and (3) will completely dominate the runtime. (2) is probably just a couple of dozen CPU cycles, but the print and terpri will involve flushing stdout, which will involve a system call which will be thousands to tens of thousands of CPU cycles. Depending on how the stream is buffered, the read-line will likely involve a system call as well. Basically in this test is just measuring how quickly the program can sit and wait for read()/write() system calls to complete. Since they're both calling into the same kernel, it's unsurprising they're the same speed. IIRC it uses the same principle (Brayton cycle). It's just a lot easier to put in a car. It is under-appreciated how open Harvard, Yale, etc, have gotten in modern times. While tuition at Harvard might be 70% of the median annual income today, someone whose family makes $50k/year pays nothing in tuition. At Yale between $60k-$120k, tuition is held at about 10% of family income. Full tuition doesn't phase in until well over $200k. My brother is at Yale, and his classmates are by and large the children of upper middle class professionals. Certainly kids who've gotten a good shake in life, but mostly people who got in because of good SAT scores and extracurriculars, not donations or political connections. Groklaw filled a huge void. Done by someone who is a proponent of free software but also knowledgable about the law. As similar debates rage on in copyright and patent spaces, I think the need for that perspective will remain. We don't need more commentary from folks who don't know what the patent act §101 bars are. We need folks who understand the legal framework and can advocate for consumer rights within that framework. Hopefully someone steps in to fill PJ's shoes. Of course it does. Eg. Fed creates $100 by buying a security X. Bank gets $100, lends it out, earns $5 in interest, has $105. Fed sells the security, destroying the $100. The Fed created $100 then destroyed $100. The $5 used to pay the interest on the security wasn't created as a result of the Fed's buying the security, it was paid with money already in the system. It's a pretty clever idea. It's always surprising to me that technology-saavy people are so skeptical of the monetary system. Corruption aside (which undoubtedly exists), it's a neat solution to a complex real-world problem. Put simply: Money is just a level of indirection. You could have a barter-based economy based on goods and services, but you introduce money as a proxy to simplify transactions. The problem is: how much money do you have in the system? You want enough so it serves as an efficient proxy for the actual value of the goods and services. If you deviate from that amount, you're in trouble. The problem is complicated by two things: 1) the amount of goods and services which money must proxy for is constantly increasing; 2) money must proxy not just actual goods and services, but enforceable promises to provide goods and services (ie: debt). (2) is the most complicated issue to deal with, because it's highly dynamic. As society becomes more stable and secure people are willing to commit to obligations that are further in the future. There must be enough money to serve as an accurate proxy for those commitments. The fractional reserve system is actually a fairly elegant solution to this problem: money is dynamically created when loans are made, and destroyed when loans are repaid. > what happens if building a filtration plant is a better choice than conserving a watershed? Is this thought unspeakable? If that is never a better choice, than environmentalists having nothing to worry about; and if it could be a better choice, than refusing to consider it is irrational and destructive. In any case, the worry of environmentalists is far in the future. Today, we generally make our economic decisions by pricing the ecological value of the environment at $0. Say a developer wants to buy forested land for $10m and create a housing complex worth $30m. We consider that an economically beneficial transaction, resulting in $20m in net benefit. But that's not the actual calculus. What if the forest is providing $50m in ecological services? Carbon sequestration, groundwater purification, prevention of soil erosion, etc. Our error results from treating the $10m price of the forest as the actual cost of constructing the housing complex. That is, of course, not true. The $10m is simply the value of one slice of property rights: the right to exclusive possession of the land. It's not the net value of the land. When the developer comes in and builds that housing complex, it does so not because it's economically efficient overall, but because it is advantageous to the developer. It yields $20m in net benefit for the developer, even though it costs society as a whole $30m. Environmentalism, in my opinion, fails in not couching its arguments in this manner. People aren't sympathetic to arguments that a $30m housing complex should be stopped in order to preserve the beauty of the forest. They are likely much more sympathetic to the simple fact that in return for that developer profiting $20m from the destruction of the forest, the surrounding community will have to spend $50m in air and water purification, wastewater treatment, erosion control, etc. That's certainly one aspect of it. But you have to remember that the market will not factor in the value of externalities. If a wetland is providing $100m in water purification services to a community, the market won't price it at $100m, because the benefit is non-excludable. The price of the wetland ends up being the price of the only protectable property right (the right to exclusive possession) which is a small fraction of the net economic value of the land. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Externality Putting a price tag on nature is crucial. As it is, the debate goes: A $100m mining project versus the beauty of a forested mountain. People go "protect people, not plants!" and build the mine. If it becomes a debate about: A $100m mining project versus a mountain ecology that provides $120m in ecological services to the surrounding community, then the public reaction is different. People have to understand that environmental protection isn't just about protecting aesthetic value. It's about the very real fact that when a land developer fills in a wetland to make a condo complex, everyone in the surrounding community has to spend $$$ to replace the water purification, flood control, etc, services the wetland was providing. It's literally about private parties being able to make a profit at the cost of the public. Spot-on about the "lower implicit price tag" bit. When the EPA was trying to ban leaded fuel in the 1980s, the debate was largely over the increased costs from the switch (on the order of $1 billion a year) compared to the savings in maintenance from the switch to unleaded fuel. Health effects were factored in, but because of the uncertainty of the resulting benefits most of the cost-benefit analysis focused on measurable factors such as maintenance benefits. It turned out that when you considered the neurological effect of high blood lead levels in children (decreased IQ) the savings was on the order of billions of dollars per year: http://www.meca.org/galleries/default-file/lead0103_(final).... (12) So say I have a first-order language (where functions are not values). You can write: def foo(x): return x + 1 But not: def bar(baz, x): return baz(x+1) That is to say, you pass integers around ('x' above) as values, but not functions. In a minimal higher order language, like C, you can pass functions around like values. Ie: baz could be a pointer to a function in the second line above, which is called by bar. Now, what happens when you have nested functions? def foo(): def bar(y): return y + 1 return bar You can't do this in C, but conceptually that's not much different than just defining foo and bar as two separate top-level functions. But what happens when the inner function refers to a local variable of the outer function? def foo(): x = 1 def bar(y): return x + 1 return bar How does 'bar' know what 'x' is? You might ask, why would you want to do this? Well, say you have a function map(fun, list). Map takes a function and a list. It returns a list, each element of which is the value yielded by calling fun with an element in list. Eg: def foo(x): return x + 1 map(foo, [1, 2, 3]) # -> [2, 3, 4] Map can be defined as: def map(fun, list): result = [] foreach item in list: result.append(fun(item)) So back to the example, you might want to write something like: def foo(list): x = some_calculation() def bar(y): return x + y return map(bar, list) In other words, the function that you pass to map needs to know not just the current element of the list, but some other information that is held in a local variable in the parent function. This case is very common when using map as replacement for "for" loops (note how in a loop you can refer to the local variables of your function inside the body of the loop). Now technically the name of the language feature that lets you capture the value of local variables in child functions is "lexically scoped lambda" or something along those lines. A closure is just the most common way to implement the language feature, but people often just use "closure" to refer to the language feature itself. In a compiler that uses closures, the example above would be translated into code something like: class _closure_bar: this.x = Nil def _closure_bar(x): this.x = x def operator() (y): return this.x + y def foo(list): x = some_calculation() bar = new _closure_bar(x) return map(bar, list) Instead of passing around a function as a function pointer like in C, you pass around a callable object whose members are the local variables of the parent function captured by the inner function, and which when called executes the body of the inner function. Now, there is some additional complexity which occurs when an inner function modified the value of a local variable of an outer function. Languages like Python just disallow such modification, which is why people complain about Python not having "full lambdas". Languages like Common Lisp and Scheme add another indirection for local variables that are captured + assigned-to in an inner function. The EPA defines "pollutant" for the purposes of the Clean Water Act as: Pollutant means dredged spoil, solid waste, incinerator residue, filter backwash, sewage, garbage, sewage sludge, munitions, chemical wastes, biological materials, radioactive materials... heat... 14 C.F.R. § 122.2 (definition of "pollutant"). EPA discharge permits, which are required to discharge any pollutant in any amount into US waters, certainly do regulate thermal discharges. > This is my problem with GC. I like simplicity. Simplicity tends to perform well, and being simple also means it has little space for problems. Refcounting is simple and elegant, Reference counting isn't conceptually any more simple than garbage collection (you still have to indicate how the underlying alloc() and free() operations are implemented). Further, a proper high performance reference counting system isn't any simpler than a high performance GC. In a multithreaded system you have to keep the reference counts in sync without doing a slow atomic operation every time a pointer is passed around, and you need to back the ref counting system with a high performance malloc()/free() that can handle multithreaded allocation and is resistant to memory fragmentation. There is not a fundamental conflict between GC and cache generally. The conflict is with how caches are implemented in most CPUs. Consider a simple generational collector with a nursery of N cache lines. The allocator will bump allocate into LINE_0, LINE_1... until LINE_N, and then copy all survivors into the mature generation. When it starts allocating again, it will start at LINE_0. Ie: it will touch at least N cache lines before ever coming back to any given cache line. If N > the size of the cache, each allocation will involve a cache miss. Each time the allocator allocates into a cache line, it will have been evicted already, and will need to be brought into the cache before it is written to. The key observation here is that you're dealing with an artificial W-W dependency, not a real R-W dependency. When the allocator allocates into a cache line, it doesn't care what the data already in that cache line is! The cache line doesn't need to be brought in from memory because it is garbage and will be overwritten completely. There are lots of solutions to the problem. At every allocation the allocator could simply issue a prefetch for the next line, because it knows it will need it soon. Or, you could have an instruction that simply blows away a cache line, marking it cached+dirty in the coherence protocol without generating a main memory access. In fact, I'm not sure that modern CPUs don't detect this condition in their write buffers already. Something like Bulldozer's write coalescing cache could certainly do this. Aside from this issue, generational GC's are very cache friendly. Collection inherently compacts memory, and the order of collecting tends to bring objects onto the same pages and sometimes the same cache lines as the objects that refer to them. As an aside, the other big cache-thrashing process, marking, can also be made cache friendly on modern architectures. If your CPU has SMT, you can run the marker in a concurrent thread. It can sit there take advantage of the available memory parallelism that most programs leave on the table. Or you could just use a language whose implementation doesn't blow. Bytecode is stored in function objects which IIRC are reference-counted. This sort of analysis does not come easily. Say you have: def bar(): return some_constructor() def foo(): b = bar() Here the decrement is in bar() and the increment is in foo(). You have no way to elide the operation without doing inter-procedural analysis, which is hard. Of course you're leaving out the malloc()/free() implementation that the ref-counting scheme depends on that the GC doesn't. Are you sure? You just described an ideal use-case for GC. You allocate a bunch of arrays at the outset, then sit there pounding on them with little to no allocation. A good GC won't cost you anything in this case, since it'll allocate large pointer-free arrays in a separate pool that doesn't get traced. Haskell isn't a good example, since it's a lazy functional language, but if something like Java isn't just as fast for your case it isn't the GC, it's the code generation. Much harder to do all those fancy loop optimizations in 100 ms in a JIT than in 10s in an offline compiler. > If you're not within 10% for these kernels, chances are that memory is being used differently More likely imperfect strictness analysis, etc. Haskell is a pure functional lazy language, after all. Getting within 65% of C's performance on a tight numeric kernel is heroic. Re: office suites, the code bases of the major office suites pre-date the rise of Java, which brought GC into the mainstream. Lot's of apps bigger and more complex than an office suite have been written in Java. As for web browsers... every web browser has a GC... Wow I thought you were trolling and quoting the matrix. tmalloc() is a structured way of doing memory management within C. It's no different than all the other ad-hoc structured (or more often unstructured) memory management schemes that evolve within C programs, with the exception that it's semantics are at least documented. The problem is in a language like Python, where everything is broken up into little functions, you're not going to catch the most common uses without doing inter-procedural analysis. That's not a particularly useful statistic. How much of that 42% is kids 16-18 in high-school, people in college 18-22, people in grad school 22-25, the retired? In 2006, ~30 million people were enrolled in the final two years of HS, college, or graduate school: http://www.census.gov/prod/2008pubs/p20-559.pdf Adjusted for demographic trends, that's probably higher now. In 2009, about 12.9% of the population was over 65: http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html Together that's roughly 70 million people who are mostly being counted in your "unemployed" figure that shouldn't be included. That's not even including women who don't work. There is still a delta of ~13% b/w male and female labor force participation rates. They're 122 million women age 16 and over in the US. That's probably another ~10m who shouldn't be included in your unemployed figure. The above estimates double-count: those enrolled in school who work, elderly who work, etc, but is much more realistic than your figure. When you take away the dichotomy, his point still stands: Mediocre iOS developer who doesn't self promote versus mediocre iOS developer who does. Since 90% of everyone is mediocre, a culture that encourages self promotion just fills the world with crap. It's become pretty popular these days to devalue asian immigrant culture, but most of the commentary misses the point. The intro piece to the article states exactly the facts that "Tiger Moms" are concerned about: Asians are more educated and make more money on average. Asian parenting is about downside management. Yeah your kid might not end up a top CEO, but he's also less likely to end up as a plumber. There are worse things than ending up in middle management at IBM making six figures... Also, as someone who went through the whole "asian education treadmill", I'll make two observations: 1) The point about Stuyvesant is dead-on. My high school was also a public magnet school and the culture was the same way: the people at the top were both pretty and smart. However, the take-away isn't really what what the author makes it out to be. The popular white kids weren't gunning any less hard than the asian kids. They socialized then went home and studied just as hard. The problem isn't that asian parents emphasize hard work in lieu of socialization, it's that they just emphasize hard work, largely b/c coming from a different culture socialization isn't something they can really help their kids with. 2) The PWC example is also dead on, but again, the takeaway is different than what the other concludes. In a law, accounting, financial firm, you don't get pigeon-holed for being a hard worker. The white guy who makes partner (or managing director or whatever) works every bit as hard as the asian guy, but plays the politics on top of that. Being "too good for bitch work" is a sure way to get yourself fired at a law firm or an investment bank. At the same time, schmoozing with a partner to get better assignments is absolutely not at odds with working hard and being the guy who can get things done. These articles consistently manage to misunderstand both asian culture and american culture. Succeeding in America does not require rejecting asian work ethic. Americans work as hard as anyone. That high school football star has a dad who pushes him to practice just as hard as any "Tiger Mom" would. Succeeding in America does require a forthrightness and social perceptiveness that many asians choose not to develop, but that is absolutely not at odds with an asian upbringing. Did the grandfather say "and look at the great life it got you!" It's definitely a cultural thing, but everyone always misses one angle of the story. Asian parents tell you to work hard and become a doctor or an engineer not necessarily to make yourself happy, but so you can provide well for your family. It's a mentality that was wholly familiar to our grandparents, but seems to have skipped the baby boomer generation and I'm not sure the country is better for it. I'm not sure these figures are particularly illuminating, for two reasons: 1) Many realistic outcomes are obscured by the averages. The average college doesn't lead to very good opportunities, and the average student doesn't work very hard. Working hard at a good school (top 50) or even not working that hard at a mediocre school (top 10) can lead to dramatically different results than what might be expected from looking at the results of all students from all ~5,000 or so universities in the country. 2) While the use of net present value is technically correct (the best kind of correct!) it's also somewhat misleading. Say a college graduate earns $100,000 more than a high school graduate in the final year of his career. The net present value of that (using the historic S&P 500 return of 7%) is $6,700. Yes, if you're comparing a choice between earning $100k more in the final year of your career with $7,000 right now, the latter is the better choice. However, that is never the choice! A high school graduate cannot get $7,000 in loans to invest in the market at 7% return. So from a practical perspective, using net present value compares against a choice that the graduate doesn't have. It all makes sense when you look at things another way. The student is not making an investment. He is the investment, one the bank is making in him. The investment directly creates real value (as opposed to an investment in the market, which does so only indirectly), so both the bank and the student might come out ahead even if the net present value of the education is less than the amount borrowed to finance it. Any family with kids is going to be in to the doctor many times per year. They need immunizations, they break bones, they get cavities that need to be filled, etc. Then as you get old, you're on heart medication, hyper tension medication, etc. I'm a generally healthy 27 year old, and in the last two years I've had to get cavities filled, catch up on some immunizations required by my graduate school, get my contact prescription updated twice, etc. Efficiency. You're going to have to go deeper into the bell curve of the talent pool to fill the same number of spots if you're turning off half your potential employees. Florida is also relatively cheap to begin with, as with many state schools (GA Tech alum myself, hehe). The big numbers are posted by private schools. However, the top private schools have great financial aid. Under $120k/year, Harvard and Yale are free. The aid phases out after that, but doesn't phase out completely until $250k+. My GT degree cost ~$60k in the early 2000s. If you started today, it'd be north of $100k. They have an odd definition of "elite" (top 1/4)... That's what, household income in the ~$100k range for a family that has college-aged kids? That's pretty much every household with at least one parent with a professional job (especially on the east coast, where I'd imagine most people at Georgetown are from). When I lived in Atlanta I did a reverse commute 25 miles to my office in my car. I genuinely enjoyed it every day. Door to door in 30 minutes, listening to some music, going 70 on the highway. Very pleasant. Lived on the east coast all my life... and yes pretty much. Commuting in New York blows. There is a layer of filth on everything. I spend my whole commute just on the verge of having an "ick" breakdown. I've been to a number of major US cities, and lived in 4, and NY is by far the dirtiest city I've seen outside the third world. The sanitation system is non-existent. There are no alley ways or trash bins, so there are just bags of garbage littering the streets. It's surreal. To be fair, Microsoft has tried portable, non-PC devices for more than a decade and failed miserably, largely because they cling to the windows metaphor on small screens. This article is full of handwaving. 1) Lot's of businesses run in the red for awhile in order to build up their market share. Just pointing to losses in the first few years of major operations isn't particularly compelling. 2) The adjusted CSOI metric isn't as ridiculous as the author makes it seem. The claim is that their marketing expense is a function of how fast they want to grow. Presumably once they reach a size they want, they scale back that expense, and the revenues turn into profit. The Forbes article says: "The bottom line is that considering the profitability of Groupon without online marketing expenses is silly; Groupon without marketing expenses is not Groupon at all." How is Groupon without marketing not Groupon at all? It's an interesting-sounding statement without any meaning. You're basically saying that any business that doesn't generate profits from day 1 is a ponzi scheme. This is a ridiculous position to take. What if he needed the liquidity? There are all sorts of reasons to sell stock at a particular time that have nothing to do with cashing out on a company one believes will flame out. Yes, Groupon's userbase might not stick around if they reduce advertising expenditure to shift into profitability. That is unproven, uncertain, etc. However, it's quite a leap beyond that to say that the userbase definitely will leave if groupon doesn't keep up its massive advertising campaign, which is effectively what the Forbes article says: (Groupon isn't Groupon without unsustainable advertising). Tortious interference? Except that isn't really true. For example, after the Rajaratnam case, SEC insider trading investigations are way up and a lot of people are getting arrested. http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504083_162-20031043-504083.html Except that code isn't really that far from what you might type. I've spent a lot of time working with code that uses templates heavily (including "well designed" libraries like Boost) and it's just a god-awful mess. Make an error in instantiating a template class and you get an error message that refers to code deep in an STL header. Want to make your container class iterable? Get read to write dozens of lines of inscrutable boiler-plate code. Even something simple as iterating over a container is braindamaged. Before the auto keyword you had: for(vector ::iterator itr = something.begin(); itr != something.end(); ++itr) Then you need to use "itr." It's a pointer-like thing that isn't quite a pointer, and when you hold pointers in your container, which you often (usually) want to do you have to deal with a pointer-to-a-pointer which is almost never pleasant. And when you deal with keyed containers you have to remember the iterator actually points to a pair so you have to do .first and .second (why not .key and .value?) Braindamage doesn't even begin to describe it. The algorithms are a PITA without lambdas, and are not easily composable or extensible to express more complex iteration. None of them can work with multiple containers, which makes writing even something as simple as a "zip" function using the algorithms an exercise in futility. Re: the "this is how it should have always worked" comment. I've watched my girlfriend use her computer, and this is essentially how she works. She just leaves everything open, never saving anything. She's comfortable using Expose to manage the million windows she ends up having open, but doesn't bother exiting apps when she's done with them and then starting them when she needs them again. If she could do this and have everything always auto-save and be instantly available anywhere she went, she'd be ecstatic. And even though I grew up on the Windows 95 model of apps and documents... I gotta say I kinda see her angle. I hate that our IT policy makes us log out every night so I lose my windows. If I left for the night then came back and the cleaning person had put away all the papers on my physical desk I'd have a fit! 1) I think you underestimate how much good old fashioned engineering goes into Apple products. Clunky versus seamless is a major substantive benefit for the customer, and it takes a lot of engineering to get there. 2) Being good at sales also yields benefits. Customers benefit substantively when there is a big ecosystem around a solution. The iPhone is the perfect example. The iPhone UI works because it's FLUID. The lack of lag and the responsiveness is the difference between feeling like you're operating a computer an feeling like you're manipulating something real. That took engineering. They needed a responsive touchscreen, hardware accelerated UI stack, etc, to get that effect. Did other people have capacitive touchscreens and hardware acceleration before? Who knows, what's clear is Apple was the first one to engineer a complete solution. Link-time optimization is almost never useful. You realize the US is facing an enormous labor shortage in the coming decades as the baby boomers retire? Yes? Cheap, yes, but I'm not sure "perfect" is the right word. Most netbooks are just a bit too underpowered to run a modern IDE comfortably, and at the same time they don't have particularly impressive battery life (3-4 hours of web surfing is typical). An MBA 11" has a bigger screen, is tons faster, and will get you 6+ hours of battery under similar circumstances. Sure it's $1000 versus $350, but are developers looking for a good portable hacking machine that price sensitive? I'm a mac user with a netbook... Up until the MBA (with the exception of the 12" Powerbook) there was no Mac ultraportable. Ie: something you can throw in a briefcase and whip out at Starbucks to use on those tiny tables. Netbooks filled that niche, and because of the cheap price a Mac user might not even care that it can't run all their apps. One thing about the Linux point: why buy a computer whose major advantage is portability and battery life, then give up a huge chunk of the latter by putting Linux on it? That's the thing that pissed me off most about my netbook. Windows sucks and I couldn't put Linux on it without its shitty power management cutting a couple of hours off the battery. They are. There is a provision that says that financial services industries can challenge business method patents (or something to that effect). Hopefully this is a little loophole that can be widened to allow broader attacks on business method patents. [Citation needed]. EDIT: Computer folks tend to see the world through a particular set of glasses. They see a world of inventors in their basement you can invent with little capital investment. That's fine and is great for innovation, but the whole world doesn't look like that. If you're in an industry where the process of invention is extremely costly, patents can often be the only way for smaller entities to participate. Say you have an idea for a new radio technology. It'll cost you millions of dollars to build a prototype (the associated parts and equipment are very expensive). And once you have it --- what do you do with it? Go into production and compete with AT&T and Verizon? Patents allow meaningful seperation of invention from productization, and that's something that hugely benefits smaller entities. I don't get the whole idea of NYC being a startup hub. Sure there is capital here, but the nearest decent engineering school is in Boston and there is not a top-notch state engineering school in the entire northeast. How are you going to have a tech mecca without a read supply of talent? It's easy to wire money to other cities; not so easy to get top talent to relocate to the most expensive city in the country. True. I keep forgetting Cornell exists. The lack of good public schools is still an issue I think. The major tech corridors (bay area, research triangle, seattle/portland, northern VA) are all close to top-notch state engineering schools. I worked at a startup in northern Virginia and definitely noticed that having Virginia Tech right there was a great benefit as we grew. I think that's a huge weak-spot for NYC. As they say, you can fit the whole population of the world onto Manhattan. That is, of course, besides the point. Atlanta is completely unequiped to handle that population (infrastructure-wise). It's not even clear that building out that infrastructure at that density would be wise. It's costly to build infrastructure for a city as dense as NYC. The cost of the subway system dwarfs the cost of running water and sewage piping to suburb. It makes economic sense in NYC, because space is at a huge premium. That doesn't necessarily make sense for Atlanta, a city with no natural boundaries and surrounded by cheap land. Now scale this idea to American metropolitan areas. 27 US metro areas are bigger than the Amsterdam metro area, and about a dozen are at least twice as big. Having been to Amsterdam, I can say that while it's denser then most American cities, it's not that dramatically different then say DC. By the logic of this article, buying anything makes you a sucker. A store would never sell you something unless they were coming out ahead, after all. Insurance companies sell certainty. You buy insurance if you value that certainty more than the cost of your premiums. The insurance company wins, because they get the premiums, and you win, because your net value is greater than the premiums you pay. Insurance is only zero-sum if there is no value in certainty, which is just plain false (huge amounts of money are spent managing and trading risk). So a bank being able to create an unlimited amount of currency is bad, obviously, but limiting your currency growth to how fast you can mine gold out of the ground isn't much better. Let's take a very simple example. Say there are two people on an island. The first can build boats, the latter can fish. There is no currency. What should happen? Case 1: No transaction. Both die. Case 2: The first builds a boat (boats are very resource intensive!) and gives it to the second. The second fishes and has fish. The first dies because he has no fish. Case 3: The first agrees to build a boat and rent it to the second in return for part of the first's weekly catch for the next 10 years. To support Case 3, you basically need contract law. But the contract in question is very inflexible. Does the boat maker enter into similar contracts to cover his needs for clothes, etc? Ideally the boat maker could just sell the fisherman the boat and use the money to buy fish or clothes or anything. So you need currency. The key question is: how much currency do you need? Obviously, you need enough to be able to serve as a proxy for the goods and services in your economy and promises thereof. The Fed may not be great at estimating that amount, but pegging it at how quickly you can mine gold out of the ground doesn't make any sense either. The problem with commodity money is without other supporting infrastructure you have no way to denominate commitments of future obligations (at least at a macroeconomic level). You can introduce contracts with respect to commodities that can be traded (eg: a contract for 100 pork bellies to be delivered in 1 year) but then you still get into modern finance. You don't need fancy academics to see why the gold standard was a bad idea. You need money to function as a proxy for the economy. Every time grows up and enters the workforce, you need to add money to the economy to be able to serve as a proxy for his or her labor. As population and economic activity grows exponentially, you need to add exponentially increasing amounts of money to the economy just to avoid deflation. Now, explain to me how we could've sustainably kept mining exponentially increasing amounts of gold out of the ground? Employers in software regularly use grades to do entry level hiring. In some fields (law), your JD grades follow you around for the first 5-7 years of your career. Because grades matter a lot and cheaters devalue everyones legitimately-earned grades. In my law school, everyone is graded on a strict curve and honor code violations are handled first by a board of students. Does wonders for reducing cheating. If you read the article, this list of "protestors" is the list of IP addresses who hit PayPal with the most DDOS packets. It depends. You can have a successful career as a software engineer without a degree from a top school, or even without a degree period. However, you're pretty much locked out of certain jobs. Some of the plum jobs in CS ($90k+ entry-level jobs at places like Google) go almost entirely to graduates of Stanford, Berkeley, etc. Jobs in very prestige-conscious fields like finance (eg: writing software for doing algorithming trading at a hedge fund) are similar. It will also hurt you should you choose to go to graduate school. That said, there are a couple of things you can do. Depending on where you are along your program, I'd seriously consider transferring. Only the place you get your degree came from will count. Barring that, just focus on getting a good job and solid experience. One of the things you miss out on by not working at a big company is a well-defined career progression track. Most smaller shops don't have a lot of room for upward mobility within the organization, so you'll have to do a lot more jumping around to move up (which isn't a bad idea anyway). It's still possible to move into a big shop after some experience (if that's what you want), but you have to be proactive. > I'm glad the author's mom found a smartphone she likes, but this isn't an Android problem. It may very well be a Google problem It's definitely Google's problem. Experiences like this tremendously hurt the Android brand. What if you bought a "BMW" but it turned out to be a piece of crap because BMW had licensed their engines and logo but exercised no quality-control over the final products? You'd never buy another BMW, regardless of whose fault it really was. So the purpose of currency is to serve as a proxy for goods and services. The basic question of monetary regulation is: "how much currency do we need?" The Fed system actually somewhat regulate the currency supply based on the market. When you take a loan to start a business, new currency is created at the same time that a new productive enterprise is created. Gold and Bitcoin don't come from the market at all. The amount of Bitcoin added to the economy has nothing to do with the underlying economy --- its based on an arbitrary formula. So the argument for differential taxation of income versus capital gains is to incentive investment. However, I'm not sure investment needs to be incentivized right now. There is a ton of private capital floating around right now looking for productive investments in the US, and they just don't exist. So the money goes overseas, or into elaborate, questionable financial instruments. > How does finance destroy the broader economy in general? Liquid functional capital markets are critical for a stable economy. Finance is only bad for the economy when incentives are structures so that government limits the downside. False dichotomy. The article talks about the current financial system in the US hurting the economy. It's not suggesting dismantling the financial system in general. Step back for a moment. The financial industry is infrastructure. It's there to grease the wheels of productive industry. It facilitates growth, but cannot in itself create that growth. Now, last year the financial industry accounted for something like 1/3 of corporate profits. It's gotten absolutely immense. Do we need such massive institutions just to create "liquid functional capital markets?" Are these companies so profitable because they're really creating enormous amounts of value for the economy, or because being close to the money makes it easier to justify taking a percentage cut of the money flowing through the system? Now, I'm not attacking them just because they're profitable. But to an extent they're profitable because the benefit tremendously from government protection. When Apple innovates and sells iPhones, they pay 35% tax on those profits, but when a trader at Goldman moves money around to make profits, they pay less than half that in taxes. If we believe that tax rates create incentive structures, does it really make sense to incentivize the latter so much more heavily than the former? Renounce their citizenship to go where? Europe (which is far less friendly to the rich)? Asia (what's the point of being rich if you have to live in the developing world?) Fears of wealthy people leaving are a red-herring. Plus, who says we have a shortage of investment capital in the US? There is a ton of money floating around from pension funds and 401k accounts, even leaving out the money held by the very wealthy. If you look at the economy today, it's absurd to say that lack of capital is the reason for the lack of top-line growth. The fact that current millionaires are first generation is kind of inapposite. We haven't really been on a fractional reserve system for long enough to really create generations of financial dynasties. I was born in Thailand and go back to Bangkok regularly. Unless you want to live in isolation (maybe with your banker buddies), there is no comparison between living in the US and living in Thailand. And? The point of the article isn't that we should pity those folks making "only" $300k/year. They have nice houses and nice cars and eat at nice restaurants. However, they still need to worry about money. If your $300k/year is coming from your labor as a lawyer, and you go blind, your financial situation does a 180. If your $300k/year is coming from dividends on the huge pile of stock you own, that's a totally different ballgame. So in a modern economy, accumulated wealth as an "earmark" on current and future productivity. People don't buy food and store it for retirement. They buy shares in Intel and get dividends from the labor of future workers to pay for their retirement. The current state of affairs seems to be one where too much has gotten earmarked. Those booming corporate profits that come from layoffs rather than above-the-line growth are going partly to CEOs, sure, but they're going mostly to retirement, pension, etc, funds. Retirees/near-retirees earmarking future productivity. I think inflation is inevitable as the younger generation decides to reallocate this distribution of the fruits of its own labor. The US pays a very low interest rate on its debt. If you made $250k per year had a 3% interest rate mortgage of $200k, would you pay it off any faster than you had to? Of course not. You'd spend the money on things that would give you a much better return. There is absolutely no need for the US to pay down inflation. GDP growth will naturally reduce the effective value of the principal. The problem is the run-away increase in the debt over GDP ratio that we've been seeing. Is S&P in the business of politics (re: sending a message), or accurately stating whether the US would be able to pay its debts? If you're expecting sustained inflation then don't hold debt. Take your cash and buy rental properties with the crazy-low mortgage rates we have now. If we get sustained inflation then rental rates will go up while your fixed-interest mortgage payments will stay the same. Profit. Oil doesn't have to run out to drastically change the economy. The new methods of extraction are more expensive than the old, and the price of oil per barrel is a lot higher. One can easily imagine a system where the equilibrium unemployment with oil (ie: energy) at $X+10 per barrel is much higher than one with oil at $X per barrel. Staggeringly poor article. Projecting out a trend line by effectively assuming sustained exponential growth is completely retarded. It's really the same as the projections predicting that the sustained 1990s bubble would continue and the US debt would be paid off by 2009. But how much do you trust it? Coming from the east coast I trust the forecast less than just looking out the window. It's just too inaccurate. When you look out the window and see that the US is still the healthiest big developed economy out there, what do you do? Do you trust your own eyes or the ratings agency? Some people would be wrong. "The nervous system is a total waste of calories! It's total overhead! All it does is tell the muscles what to do!" Like nearly everything in BusinessWeek? You don't see a lot of black guys named "Tyrone" walking around Harvard. Latoya and Tyrone are common black names, and they're also strongly associated with lower socioeconomic level because lots of blacks are in a lower socioeconomic level. The sorts of professional, educated black families that send their kids to good schools and from there to good jobs don't name them these lower-class names. I really really really hate the new square buttons. How's the battery life as compared to Windows? He's correct. This type inference is actually being added to JaegerMonkey according to the article, though IonMonkey will have it too when it's ready. Crankshaft uses type feedback, not type inference. Ie: it will monitor the types of objects to generate type-specialized code, but will not do static type inference on the code to generate type-specialized code. Cool story bro. These are household income quantiles, not personal income quantiles. It's not stated on the chart, but that lines up better with: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United_... Reagan (1981-1989). Yup. The chart ignores changes in demographics. Compare the US population pyramid in 1950: http://tfw.cachefly.net/snm/images/nm/pyramids/us-1950.png To the US population pyramid in 2005: http://tfw.cachefly.net/snm/images/nm/pyramids/us-2005.png Look at just how many more people are in the 40-55 demographic (peak earning years). The article gives two ranges: 1947-1979, 1980-Present. Reagan's presidency (1981-1989), and the political changes it brought, coincided with the beginning of the second range. The problem is not using "everyday computing" as a descriptive element in the marketing copy. It's using it as a category differentiator. Let's go laptop shopping! store.apple.com. Presented with pictures of things, with the name of the line under them. I can see (I don't even have to read or select a menu, I can just see!) two types of laptops: the Air and the Pro. One is little and the other is big. Do I want a little laptop or a big laptop? Little! Click on the little one, then click through "select a macbook air." Presented with two more pictures: 11" and 13", each with text underneath offering two options (more or less HDD space). At every point, the gist of what the difference is between the various selections is painfully clear to the shopper. shop.lenovo.com. Presented with: promo for IdeaPad U300s. What if I want other laptops? Shop -> Laptops & Notebooks in the small text below the big promo. Now I'm presented with three lines of laptops. Aside from color, they look the same. How do I differentiate? One is for "basic everyday computing" the other for "dazzling multimedia experience" and the other for "tools to save time and money." Whereas I didn't even read the marketing copy on the Apple site, because I had pictures that got to the heart of the differences between the models, here I'm stuck reading marketing copy to make a decision. If I select "prices you'll love" does that mean the others will have "prices I'll hate"? Luckily Lenovo has given me a matrix to help me choose. The matrix has 38 rows... Say I blindly click on the ThinkPad. Now I'm presented with 6 series. The bold text to help me differentiate is more marketing copy: "environmentally friendly" versus "mobile freedom." Are some of these laptops not environmentally friendly? Do some lack mobile freedom? The information that is most pertinent to me as a laptop buyer (weight and screen size) is actually at the bottom of the lists in the same font size as the footnotes and legalese! It's hilarious that Lenovo's answer to the Macbook Air is the Lenovo Air: http://www1.pcmag.com/media/images/268742-7-the-u300-s-vivid... I'm a geek and I couldn't care less what WiFi chipset is in my laptop. I was shopping for a ThinkPad X220 for someone, and it had the option of the regular screen or the "premium" screen for $50 more. They don't tell you what the "premium" screen is or why you'd want it. I presume the regular screen is shitty. Can you even imagine Apple offering such an option? A $1000+ laptop with a shitty screen, with a $50 option to upgrade to a non-shitty screen? I'm a typical HN reader (and a programmer) and I don't think I've changed any settings on my Macbook Pro other than the mouse tracking speed. Not really the same thing. The IPS screen on the Lenovo is just better. They don't need to have the TN option at all. The higher resolution isn't necessarily better. It makes the text smaller. Like the anti-glare option, it's a preference option not a better/worse option. Two very different examples. Simple, math-heavy things tend to be best-case scenarios for verbose languages. Re: the "best and brightest" it's more at the undergraduate level then the PhD level. My brother has tippy-top grades in physics at one of Harvard/Yale/Princeton and legit research experience in nano-tech, and he like many of his friends in similar positions are choosing between going into industry or R&D and going into finance. The lure of $120k the first year out of school and guaranteed admission to a Harvard/Stanford/Wharton MBA is hard to compete with. A big part of the problem is systemic. The researcher that discovers new technology gets a nice $30k bonus. The owners of the capital get the millions of dollars resulting from that invention. So if you're a bright physics student in the US, why on earth would you pursue R&D? It is far more remunerative to work for those who own the capital figuring out new ways to move money around. There aren't jobs in academia, but there are jobs in industry. Intel, IBM, etc, hire people with physics backgrounds to work on new types of memory cells, etc. But why would you? If you're a 1 in 100 physicist, you might make a discovery that will net your company tens of millions of dollars, but our laws are such that you won't see any of that money. Anything you invent will automatically belong to your employer. Meanwhile, even a 1 in 10 trader can stick with an investment bank long enough to bring in some $1 million/year paydays until exiting to a cushy corporate finance position. Even theoretically there are agency problems in many situations re: evaluating credit risk. And as we have learned in practice, people are just bad at gauging credit risk. Finally, the traditional theory doesn't incorporate behavioral economics, which IMHO turns a lot of the traditional precepts on their head. I think that's the reason for the distinction between "a 1990 computer" and a "computer with 1990 energy efficiency." It's explained quite clearly in the article itself. 1-3% is real GDP growth rate, net of inflation. With inflation at 2-3%, then planning for 4.5% growth, not adjusted for inflation, is not unreasonable. My girlfriend and I weren't living in the same city when met, so we started our relationship over gchat and text message. We're both pretty glued to our iPhones, so large parts of our relationship are chronicled in digital form. We sometimes find ourselves resolving the "honey I definitely said that" tiffs of daily life with a quick search of our chat logs. The internet is often accused of putting barriers between couples, but this article gives a sweet example of how it can contribute to relationships as well. I think his point is that all traders are "rogue traders" when they're making their bets with money sitting in federally-insured commercial bank accounts. They're just called such when they lose. There are regulatory changes that can help. I think people underestimate just how much effort and talent banks spend on using regulation to their advantage. Take for example FDIC insurance, as mentioned in the article. Ostensibly, it's intended to help people with money in their bank accounts. But it also means that banks can be riskier with trades, and count on the government to cover certain losses. The same is true for agency-backed mortgages. Investment banking as an umbrella term is pretty useful. Investment bankers have historically been professionals advising companies on financial issues. If you're Ford and want to construct a new factory, you go to an investment bank which helps you issue corporate bonds to finance the new factory. A factory gets built, which creates jobs and products for the market, and Ford and investors split the surplus from that action, with the former making more revenue and the latter getting interest payment. Investment bankers also handle acquisitions, IPOs, and other generally useful corporate finance, generally non zero-sum transactions. In return, the bankers are paid a fee for their services. The problem is that these traditional investment bank functions only make up something like 12% of the revenues of a traditional investment bank like Goldman Sachs: http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Goldman_Sachs_Group_(GS)#Inve... Most of the rest of the revenue comes from trading and other activities of questionable utility. I like the "work harder" and "save more" parts the best. "Work harder" so you can get 1% of the fruits of your labor while enriching shareholders with the other 99%. "Save more" so Wall Street bankers can earn billions with your retirement savings while paying you token interest. What you need to do is work less and save less. There isn't anything in it for you. Loser or not, it's absolutely rational. http://www.epi.org/publication/large-disparity-share-total-w... The top 5% have captured 82% of all economic growth since 1983. That economic growth has been to a great extent the result of the productivity gains of the other 95% working harder and longer and more efficiently (with better technology). The bottom 60% have actually lost, on the whole, from their additional striving. Their return on additional labor has been negative. It's irrational, given that state of affairs, to strive. It's exactly akin to the arguments people raise when you talk about 90% marginal tax rates --- who would rationally work more when most of their gains go to the government? Well, who would rationally work more when most of the gains go to the rich? We keep people working more through cultural influence, but that doesn't make it rational. So the economic idea behind a patent is to prevent a free-rider problem. Say I spend years and tons of my money inventing the telephone. I finally make it work, then sell it on the market. Without the patent system, someone can buy my product, reverse engineer it, and release a knock-off at a vastly lower price than me because he doesn't have to recoup all of my R&D investment. If this happens all the time, then we have a market failure, where nobody has an incentive to engage in research-intensive invention where the end result can be easily copied. This is really the only economically sensible basis for patent law. Unfortunately it tends to get clouded in lots of other fuzzy ideas, like protecting ideas and incentivizing innovation. So to give an example of something I think is a legitimate software patent: consider a hypothetical solution to the hidden node problem in the context of white space devices and wireless microphones: http://www.shure.com/idc/groups/public/@gms_gmi_web/document... Basically, say you have a transmitter T and a receiver R, and a whitespace device W. W listens to the spectrum and opportunistically uses whatever radio channels it hears as free. T transmits on a fixed frequency to R, and R receives without transmitting. There are situations where because of geography, R can hear T, but W cannot hear T. So W detects T/R's frequency as free, tries to use it, and interferes with R. This is the problem that Microsoft's white space devices ran into with unlicensed wireless microphones in the FCC tests. What algorithms could you put in a whitespace device (or a network of whitespace devices) to alleviate this problem? This is not really something that a programmer of average competence would find obvious. Indeed, so far nobody has a good solution to the problem, despite quite a bit of research. However, when somebody does come up with a good algorithm, it will be fairly easy for other manufacturers to copy it. Even if it's not, unless it can be protected by a patent, whoever discovers it will have a huge incentive to keep it secret, which means people can't work on improving it. I think this is a pretty good case for allowing patenting of the algorithm within the specific context of a whitespace device (which is basically what the current law is supposed to be). You have a situation where solving a problem requires quite a bit of investment. You can't really do research on this without buying a bunch of whitespace devices and wireless mics and doing a bunch of testing in different conditions). At the same time, because the end result would be easy to copy, nobody really has the incentive to work on it, especially not smaller research labs which might be able to solve the problem but certainly wouldn't have the manufacturing muscle to build and sell their own whitespace devices. The reason so many software patents sound ridiculous is because they don't really require any innovation. They're simply an attempt to take obvious ideas and keep other people from using them. As a rough rule of thumb, for a patent to make sense, it should take way more effort to come up with the algorithm than it does to implement it. If it doesn't then there isn't really any free rider problem. This guy is a kook. Yeah yeah, ad hominem, etc. If it can't access the Android app store (which I'd guess the Kindle Fire can't), then the customer won't be aware of that fact. I mean, if you had the opportunity to earn six figures at graduation, wouldn't you go into these fields too? 75% of Yalies are normal people (the other 25% come from money). They're the children of working professionals, federal government employees, etc. They have had comfortable upbringings, but their families don't have "fuck you" money. They've been pushed and prodded all their life by parents who, like everyone else without "fuck you" money, are desperately afraid of falling out of the middle class. Most of the kids don't know it yet, and maybe the parents don't consciously acknowledge it, but it's a major force underlying the thinking of every parent who sends his kid to an SAT prep class so he can get a high score and go to Yale. At the same time, regular jobs suck. Thanks to the consultants, they're overly structured, have shitty benefits, and workers are managed by PHB's who don't know jack-shit about the jobs that the workers do. Upward mobility is curtailed, because many F500's prefer to hire managers from the ranks of consultants, instead of promoting people from within. The risk in potentially more interesting jobs is high: fail to make it big, and you could be stuck in a job where you get yelled at for punching in a couple of minutes late and to the extent that you're lucky enough to get health insurance, it'll be on a shitty plan. Thankfully science/tech is mercifully insulated from this phenomenon (so far), but many students don't have the particular aptitude or desire for those fields. It's weird that everyone here is assuming that the user is a man. Lot's of 13 y/o girls have iPhones. Heck, I just did an experiment with my girlfriend. She's got pretty long fingers for a girl, and the iPhone is just about the right size for her to reach most of the screen with her thumb without stretching. The author made a very astute point that I haven't seen mentioned online before (but one that immediately occurred to me when I heard people bitching about Apple not going to 4+ inch screens). His single data point illustrates a general problem: one handed operation for people with a wide-range of hand sizes. Remember, Apple sells one basic body shape to its entire market. No single Android phone sells anything comparable to as many units as the iPhone. The body shape has to be usable for 95% of Apple's potential market, which includes everything from teenage girls to grown men. Apple undoubtedly thought about exactly the problem the author raised. What on earth are you talking about? If you were designing a phone for the mass market, wouldn't you consider one-handed operability? Apparently, this is why Apple makes so much money. Because some people design phones without considering that 13 y/o girls texting and posting on Facebook are a core demographic. I took his point to be that the hand-size explanation is something made up after the fact to justify the iPhone's 3.5 inch screen. I don't think that's a sensible critique. Apple undoubtedly considered the hand-size issue when choosing the iPhone's screen size. Clearly Apple's only goal wasn't to release a phone that everyone could comfortably operate. But consideration of hand sizes was undoubtedly a spec, to be balanced against other specs. The engineers probably got some ultimatum along the lines of: "we're only going to have one basic model, to maximize our margin, so figure out the screen size that hits the greatest number of target customers." The iPhone is a reasonable size for people ranging from teenage girls to guys with pretty large hands. Probably too big for people with child-like hands, and too small for the big guys with massive paws, but very likely hits 90% of the potential market. I don't think the 4.3" Android phones hit the same sweet spot. My girlfriend probably couldn't operate one comfortably with one hand. That's okay for Samsung, which has a segmented product line, but not for Apple. Well said. I mean the dichotomy couldn't be more starkly illustrated than with Steve Job's death. I was at the Apple Store in Chicago yesterday and the glass wall was covered in sticky notes and there were flowers and apples on the sidewalk in front of the store. Tourists were gathered around to take pictures of the impromptu memorial, for a man who was worth about $7 billion when he died. These same people wouldn't piss on Lloyd Blankfein to save his life, even though he is worth less than $0.5 billion. Sure, Wall Street serves a purpose in allocating capital. So do personal injury lawyers. That's not why people are mad at them. Read the New York Times. The outrage is largely directed at activities that don't pass the "smell test." Traders losing billion dollar bets with pension fund money, private equity firms loading up healthy companies with debt than cashing out, the insidious relationship between Wall Street and the Treasury/Fed. If Wall Street stuck to underwriting IPOs and providing business loans and other unobjectionable activities, it wouldn't raise peoples' ire. But if they stuck to unobjectionable activities, their revenues would also be cut by more than half and profits by even more than that. An interesting statistic is that Google's is more profitable than Goldman Sachs by almost every metric. They have higher revenues per employee, higher profits per employee, higher profits per unit of equity, etc. Nobody is demonstrating in Amphitheatre Parkway about how Google is ruining the country. Because people are smarter than you give them credit for. Almost none of those things are relevant to a dynamically-typed language. If you want a statically-typed language use a statically-typed language. What Dart brings to the table is a dynamic web language that's somewhat more structured than Javascript by using a class mechanism and optional typing. This is a great region of the design space, inhabited by languages like Common Lisp and Dylan. Dart is the language a Smalltalk VM guru would build after getting fed up with trying to make Javascript go fast. The semantics seem very well-selected to include only dynamic language features that we know how to make fast. http://www.cs.umd.edu/~pugh/java/memoryModel/archive/1223.ht... So the V8 lineage of VM's (including Strongtalk and Self) has two major tricks: type feedback and optimistic inlining with deoptimization. They can see what implementations of a method are actually being reached at given call-site and then optimistically inline those specific implementations, transparently deoptimizing the call-site if that inlining later becomes invalid. You can support a lot of dynamic features on top of this framework: 1) Sensible numerics. Dart numbers are represented as integers until they can't be, overflowing to bignums if necessary. The semantics are similar to Smalltalk's or CL's except without exact fractions which is a reasonable design decision in this day and age. If a given invocation of '+' is always operating on integers, the VM can emit a regular integer addition plus a type-check. If sometime later a float appears and the type-check fails, the VM can fall back to the generic implementation of '+'. Unrelated to the above, we've known pretty much forever how to efficiently represent integers in a tagged fashion so they don't need to be treated as a special "primitive" type. 2) Generic operators. '+' and '-' are methods rather than special functions as in CL. For the reasons outlined above, there is no reason to special-case '+' or other common operators in the VM. The VM can always inline whatever actual implementation of the operator is actually being invoked at any given call-site. 3) Generic iteration objects. There is no reason to special-case iteration for arrays versus lists, etc. If a loop always ends up iterating over an array, there is no reason the use of the Iterator.next() method can't be optimistically compiled down to a simple pointer increment plus dereference. 4) Higher-order functions. There is no reason to discourage use of higher-order functions in tight loops (e.g. with map or similar functional constructs). If the same function is always called in the loop the VM can optimistically inline that function. Some of the things that Dart leaves out are introspection related. There is no Python obj.__dict__ which would make it hard to implement objects as linear structures. There is no introspection of the stack frame as in Python's locals() or Javascripts arguments object which make it harder to allocate local variables to registers (or represent them as SSA values in an optimizer). LuaJIT is at the cutting-edge of optimizing-away some features like these, but it's not well-understood yet. Because Python's semantics are fucktarded. CoffeeScript is meant to be synaptic sugar on top of JS. Dart is a language with different semantics that happens to compile to JS. As such it includes a lot of runtime code. More appropriate examples would be Emscripten, Parenscript, or ClojureScript. I agree CoffeeScript has nicer syntax, but it retains all of Javascript's semantic warts. Whatever quibbles you might have about Dart's syntax (it's young yet!) it's semantics are much nicer than Javascript. The Dart VM buys you sane numeric semantics (integers and floats and bignums). Dart is also quite a bit less dynamic and introspective than JS, which should make it easier to optimize. Hint: Dart is a dynamically typed language. The covariant generics and the implicit downcasts are there on purpose. The lack of an arguments object is a feature not a bug. A rest argument like in Lisp is much better for optimization. The design isn't done yet given that Dart has optional arguments a rest argument would fit in. Like 80% of these things are true for Scheme/Lisp/Dylan. Canonical true value? Lack of implicit type conversions? These are good design decisions, not warts. Right, it's the opposite convention from Lisp. I'm trying to distinguish from say Perl, which doesn't have a canonical true or false value but identifies a set of things that "seem like they should be false" like 0 and "". This sounds exactly like Strongtalk's optional type system. Reading LtU makes me sad that an entire generation of computer science students were raised to think programming language design is coextensive with type system design. Not that I think that Dart is particularly creative from a PL design standpoint, but I read the complaints about covariant genetics and think: who cares about the type system? It's optional after all! I mean there are articles on LtU about typing parsers, expressing semantics through typing, etc. Which is fine its a forum with a specific niche, what is sad is that niche has come to totally dominate PL design in academia. And at least the static type system in Dart is optional. Yet all I hear about Dart is digs at its static type system. Can't express non-nulity, has covariant generics, etc. Who really cares? It's designed to throw up a warning when you pass a string to Math.min, not to allow expressing every static invariant possible through the static type system. The responses below are an adequate summary of what would be the case if a statically typed language (Haskell, ML) featured nullable types. However, they're all largely inapposite for Dart. Dart's type system can't even ensure, at compile-time, that you'll never see an integer in a variable typed as a string. It can catch a lot of such cases, but it's fundamentally a dynamically-typed language and can't make really any guarantees at all statically. So non-nullable types in Dart would be a fiction. Any object typed anything might end up being null at runtime. Dart never really behaves like a statically-typed language. Take this code: http://try-dart-lang.appspot.com/s/bA0X It not only doesn't give an error, but it runs just fine. main() passes "cake" to bar(), which passes "cake3" to foo(), because String overloads the + operator to coerce its RHS to a string before concatenating. foo() ends up receiving a string despite being declared as receiving a number, but does what one would expect because '+' is defined for strings as well as numbers. The compiler does not complain because it does not try to unify types globally. It does not care that bar(), which is declared as taking any type then passes that to foo() which is declared as taking a number. If you change the 'var' in the declaration of bar() to 'num' you will indeed get a type error in main() when it tries to pass bar() a string. So making types non-nullable in Dart would have little utility. Dart can't statically ensure that a variable declared as 'num' doesn't end up being a 'String' at run time, much less ensure that a variable is non-null. I don't see this as a weakness of Dart. The point of Dart's optional types is to enforce some structure, provide documentation, and avoid obvious mistakes in an otherwise dynamically typed language. Statically enforcing invariants like non-nulity is really beyond its scope. It's generated code... Who cares what it looks like? Lars Bak is on the Dart team. He knows what JavaScript VMs will optimize. Without some sort of "I tried this in my browser and it was too slow/took too long to load" I don't see the point of articles like these. Seems like a reasonable place to ask, so I'll do it here: anybody here found a really good integrated calendar/todo app? All the ones I've found are very coarse-grained. Really meant for someone with a couple of appointments a day at specific times. I need to do that, but I also need something to manage tasks and assignments. I.e. I'm in a meeting and I get 3 tasks X, Y, and Z. X needs to be done monday at 3 pm, Y needs to be done this week, and Z needs to be done at some point. I want something where I can quickly and easily add all three tasks, then come back later and decide I'm going to work on Y on Wednesday and tentatively decide to work on Z on Friday. For me allocating a big list of tasks to limited time, and being able to fluidly move them around as circumstances change is just as important as remembering that I have a lunch appointment 3 pm on Friday. https://www.producteev.com/ does this decently well. I love that it has a box that just lets you type in "lunch meeting noon monday" instead of having to click around on a date picker. When you're getting an assignment while talking to someone it's crucial not to have to click around. iCal is infuriating in how many clicks it takes to add a task and schedule it. I also love that you can leave a task unassigned then drag & drop it when you decide to allocate it to a certain day. But it's a web app and it's not snappy enough. The UI can slow down at random moments which sucks when you're trying to jot down an appointment while talking to someone. The company has an incentive to under promise and over deliver. The analysts are morons. Apple doesn't really market themselves as a luxury brand. Compare a Mac ad to a Lexus ad, for example. What you're describing isn't luxury. Having a product where "functionality is clear and straightforward" isn't luxury, and it isn't art. It's good engineering. Look at it this way. With $140 million in 1985, Steve could've invested all of his money in a hedge fund and probably come out ahead of how he did investing in Pixar, Apple, etc. From $140 million to $7 billion over 26 years is about 16.5% return per year, which is less than the annual return of Berkshire Hathaway over the last 20 years (almost 19%). He's not a guy who took his millions and invested it in the questionably useful products of Wall Street. Instead, he built things that people loved. That doesn't make him a saint, but I think it makes him someone worthy of respect. I agree. I think charity is the wrong word. There is something between blind greed and charity, and that something is applicable here. I gave Berkshire just as an example of returns that are possible in the market. When you've got 140 million to invest you don't buy stocks like the little people. You put it in a hedge fund like Blackstone that has returned an average of 20% per year over the last two decades. But suggesting that Bush's tax policy didn't have anything to do with the subsequent massive drop in federal revenues is not silly. Jobs was a businessman, not an economist. There is a good reason regulation makes it more expensive to open factories in the US: our regulations force companies to internalize the negative externalities their businesses create. China effectively subsidizes industry by forcing its citizens to bear the costs of pollution, injuries, etc, inherent in such activities. US regulation forces companies to bear some of these costs (hardly all of them). In its retrospective study on the 1970 Clean Air Act, the EPA estimated that the benefit of pollution control over the 20 year period was on the order of $22 trillion. Relative to the "so-called 'no-control' case, an additional 205,000 Americans would have died prematurely and millions more would have suffered illnesses ranging from mild respiratory symptoms to heart disease, chronic bronchitis, asthma attacks, and other severe respiratory problems... the lack of Clean Air Act controls on the use of leaded gasoline would have resulted in major increases in child IQ loss and adult hypertension, heart disease, and stroke." Meanwhile, "the actual costs of achieving the pollution reductions observed over the 20 year period were $523 billion, a small fraction of the estimated monetary benefits." What's good for business isn't necessarily good for the economy. The things that businessmen push for: deregulation, limitations on tort liability, etc, create more in costs to society then they create in benefits to businesses. Indeed, our measurements of things like GDP are so fundamentally flawed that they encourage politicians to adopt such measures. If a factory's poisonous emissions causes you to have lung problems, that doesn't count against GDP, but when you seek medical attention for those problems GDP goes up! On the contrary, I think it's a management innovation that tech companies have figured out how to keep good technical people in their areas of core competency by giving them the things they would really want out of a promotion, whether that be compensation, autonomy, etc. The article notes that Ive is worth $128 million and has tremendous autonomy within the company. I.e. he gets compensated extremely well and has a ton of power but still gets to do the work he is obviously very good at. Why would he want to become CEO where he'd spend all his time answering to shareholders and analysts? Just to move up one step on the org chart? Where you really get the promotion problem is when your corporate structure is too inflexible to give adequate compensation and authority to your best technical people. That does not seem to be a problem here. If anything the iPhone 4 was a step down in the fluidity department versus the 3GS (probably due to the increased pixels on the retina display). I don't think it's a subjective, empty complaint. Android phones are laggy, or at least a lot of the popular ones are. Lag destroys the "direct manipulation" experience. Maybe ICS changes everything, who knows. I wrote off Android a couple of years ago. That's the fundamental problem with Android, isn't it? People try a couple of 2.1 devices that suck and well why should they give it another chance? > I don't see why this is surprising -- after all, the Nexus S is a previous generation phone released 9 months ago My girlfriend's 3GS is a couple of years old and is snappy as hell. I'm pretty sure it's because it's a solution looking for a problem as far as advertising goes. Much better served putting a "www.wheretofindus.com" on your ad instead. We need to get rid of our highly distortionary tax policy. We incentivize "saving" over 'spending" by taxing capital gains at a lower rate, but we've got too much saving now and all that money is looking for places to go. Not all startups are of the internet application variety. My old boss did a startup in his late 30's, early 40's. He drew on a PhD and more than a decade of experience in wireless communications. That was a prerequisite for the type of startup he wanted to do. Heck, 19 he probably wouldn't even have known about the problem that the startup was trying to solve. > I think this is untrue simply because smart people who are good at their job are very likeable in general. Who doesn't like the smart productive guy? Conversely, who can stand the dumb guy on the team who never does any work? I think in practice if you're in the middle 80% of the productivity spectrum, how well you interact with other people matters more than your technical ability. You're not always just interfacing with other nerds. And in a startup context, as a founder you'll spend as much time talking to MBA types as you will on technical details. No True Scottsman, huh? It's possible and practical. The MPS allows you to have manually-managed pools alongside GC'ed pools in the same heap: http://www.ravenbrook.com/project/mps/ Useful for long-lived data that doesn't change frequently. Your comment presupposes that advances in mathematics are more important than advances in social communication. Is Mozart less iconic because his achievements were in music? Doing a toy Lisp is a really great way to figure out how to write a compiler without getting caught up in type systems and whatnot. You can describe the execution semantics of a "C" machine or a "Lisp" machine in a paragraph. Can't really do the same for a Spineless Tagless G-Machine... So let's say that everyone takes this advance and doesn't go to college. How does the economy earn that 6% return? "The... (launcher, browser etc.) can often be replaced by 3rd parties, including repackagings of parts of later versions..." "I managed to get most of the other features..." "I added a custom froyo rom... and will probably jump to CyanogenMod soon." Punchline: "All in all, in not sure why people are so keen for Google to follow such an archaic and monolithic release model." Supporting a two year old phone might be important to say X% of users, but I'd argue that Android phones include features that are important to Y% My girlfriend cares way more that her 3GS runs iOS5 than she does that it doesn't have a 4.5" screen. People act like there is no downside on hamstringing the federal governments ability to govern. Over-restriction of what the federal government could do is precisely what led to the creation of the Constitution. My girlfriend is capable of clicking "yes" when iTunes ask her if she wants to update her phone, but that's about the extent of it. She's not going to go out and find third-party repackages of updated features, and she can't download custom ROMs or anything like that. Yet, she likes new features and improvements just as much as anyone else. She might not know what a JIT is, but she'd sure notice if her web browsing got more snappy. Apple's update scheme allows everyone to enjoy new features. Google's leaves non-technical with a lesser experience. Because finance money is on the way out. I read a statistic that companies related to MIT account for like $1 trillion in GDP. That's a lot of contributions to the 'ole endowment.