It's 2014. Passwords need to be treated as a serious matter. Legacy system or not, there is no good reason to reduce keyspace. As others have mentioned, this is a sign that passwords are being made compatible with old phones without these letters available... and likely the passwords being reduced to numbers before storage. The prohibition of special characters also seems to corroborate this. Furthermore, the poster below who showed screenshots of being emailed their password indicates JetBlue is storing passwords either in plain-text, or encrypting them (both just as bad), instead of properly cryptographically hashing before storage. Link bait to boost StackExchange account. There is a prior discussion already at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7741443 Pay this post no attention. I would argue that every programmer should be at least exposed to some assembly, so you can understand (and appreciate) a little more about how the computer actually does what it does. A great (free!) ebook pdf is "Programming From The Ground Up" on the GNU site: http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/ SEO tactics and practices change so rapidly... almost any article or book written about SEO is outdated by the time it's released (unfortunately). Tactics that were considered "best practices" even 6 months ago may actually harm your site these days. -- There is no magic bullet for SEO. Typically I'm very anti-regulation -- but it seems proven ISP's need to be regulated to some degree. An ISP should do nothing more (or less) than just pass data from point A to point B (aka. "dumb pipes"). We are in the Information Age and unhindered access to information should be a commodity. It's a conflict of interest to be both an ISP and a content provider. I think it's the other way around ;-P Wait a minute! You mean my ever-increasing ISP fees at my home are not for the ISP to build a better network? You mean to tell me the ISP is now going to charge content providers for the ability to provide me with content that I'm already paying my ISP to deliver? You mean to tell me my content providers are now going to likely increase their fees to cope with this "fast lane"? This sounds an awful lot like extortion, and double billing. ISP's... you have one (1) job. Deliver packets. "I would have done this differently. I would have taken the time to consider the future" Yet she did not consider the future one bit. > Information security and customer data protection are of paramount importance to eBay Inc Which is exactly why we took 3 months to inform you, you've been hacked. It's because we care. Don't you see? P.O. Box should do it... cost someplace between $30-$75 a year for a small sized one. Leo could stay "homeless" if he chooses, but should at least have the comfort of knowing he has a hot meal if he chooses. I think the fact that the article title has a capitalized "S" in "systemd" speaks for itself -- ie. the author doesn't know much about systemd nor has followed systemd development. College helps teach critical thinking skills, which is very important. A lot of people seem to have the notion that college is "job/career training", well, it isn't (and if you are in college thinking that, you're in for an unpleasant surprise). No CS student graduates and is capable of engineering large-scale projects without at least several years as being a junior to someone and learning "how to do it in the real world". Most CS students graduate and don't even know what source control is. No, but college is about learning to think critically, and independently. You learn some cool topics along the way (and some not-so-cool topics), which stretch your brain and challenge those critical thinking skills. I think people view college wrong. Everyone should go to college. We want a more educated, more critically and independently thinking society. And that's what college provides. How much is your future worth to you? For motivated students, getting tuition assistance, and sometimes even free tuition is not difficult. There are so many scholarships available, FASFA, free grant money, and at worse, loans which are very low interest and you don't start making payments on it for several years. Tuition today may be inflated a little, I'll give you that. But I believe it more accurately reflects what it costs to provide said education. Who pays for the lights? Water? Building maintenance? It's not sustainable (as has been proven) to subsidize college education so significantly for everyone. So instead, the subsidies have been moved to scholarships, grants, loans, etc. It's a perspective thing. I'm a firm believer that college should not be free. You have to have some of your own "skin in the game", otherwise it's taken for granted. Your education, and accomplishments thereafter will be much more tangible if it was achieved by you for you. How are you "not convinced"? There is nothing to convince. College teaches you to write better (critical thinking skills in practice), interpret better (more critical thinking), implement better (yet more critical thinking), etc. Even your major courses teach you critical thinking. Of course you can teach yourself all the material you would learn during major courses. That stuff is largely irrelevant outside of college. If the argument is then "college teaches nothing", well then, I can't argue with you because this is nonsense. Get a degree from a reputable 4 year university and then come tell me it was a total absolute waste of 4 years. You may think that while attending college, but it's wasted effort. The true value of a college education is intangible. This debate always gets me. The sides are: 1) I should bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation and ambition; I can always be better. 2) I shouldn't bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation nor ambition; I'm good enough right now. Cost of education is largely irrelevant if you pursue scholarships and grants, or even low interest loans. Majority of a student's "school expenses" are not tuition, but rather in large part are living expenses -- which the student would incur even if not attending college. That would not result in a message of "True Crypt Is Not Secure!!!!" in bold red. Seems to be geared towards frightening people. I concur -- likely an elaborate website deface. NSA is obviously in on it. Who else would recommend using holy-bug-riddled proprietary-back-doored-on-purpose encryption software? ;-P Good point. If true, I'd much rather have them post a countdown clock and say "If we don't reach X funding goal in donations by date Y, then we will be forced to close the project". Funds would come in then... a lot of people depend on truecrypt. Is source still available? Can we check the commit tree for anything suspicious lately? Can someone compile it and check the hash against the 7.2 binary being offered? Project on SF is still available if you have a direct link: http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/files/TrueCrypt/ http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/?source=navbar http://sourceforge.net/p/truecrypt/activity/?page=0&limit=10... Odd, 6 hours ago someone updated the TruCrypt-key.asc files, then 3 hours later posted all the new binaries. Also odd is whoever posted the new binaries completely yanked all the previous ones, leaving only the new and questionable binary available for download. hmm... 2 things. 1) Obviously I was joking in my comment above. 2) That post is dated well before common knowledge of how "in-bed" Microsoft is with the USA spy agencies (at least management is). This is a topic for another discussion, but I just want to point out that, of course someone being coerced under gag order to install less-than above-water "features" and/or purposefully weaken the product would say exactly what is in the blog post. If, and only if, this is a legitament change done by a majority copyright holder(s) and/or project owner. I would be absolutely shocked if there was some reason any VC++ lib would not install on any modern Windows OS. Microsoft has many faults, but backwards compatibility is not one of them. I doubt this would be the reason. (Also, TrueCrypt runs on OSX and Linux too, so a build environment dependent on Windows-only seems odd). Such as managing complex build processes. The nice thing about git, is there is a ton of possible workflows depending on how much you care, how knowledgeable you are about git, level of effort willing to put forth, etc. I've found my workflow in git has changed over the years... just like my coding style does. Yes, but CS majors come out of school with some level of understanding about how computing works... not just how to write code. No it's not. Libressl is a different team; one that feels a fork was more appropriate than just fixing the problems in openssl. IMHO, libressl is a mistake. It's splitting resources over something that needs to be as air-tight as possible. I'd much rather have 1 really really good ssl library that everyone uses instead of 2 so-so ones. I agree. There was no rush to switch away 6 months ago. The latest version (besides the new decrypt-only release) was over a year ago. It's pretty solid from my use-case... and the audit should relax any fears (nothing obvious has been discovered yet). I think the "security concerns" expressed on the truecrypt page are more-or-less for future visitors to understand the project is not maintained anymore (albeit a poor way to go about expressing that) > You can't start fixing things in other peoples' source tree just like that. Yes, you can. It's called contributing to a project. If the "half million lines of diffs" were actually things needing fixing, then the upstream team would accept them. If they are not necessary changes (such as ripping out all windows compatibility), then no, they would reject such changes. It will take years, maybe a decade before a new ssl library becomes the "default". OpenSSL has a lot of ground covered and a lot of history. Yes, it's common knowledge that libressl started before heartbleed, but the reasons for the project being started are mostly along the lines of: 1) We don't think upstream would take these changes 2) We don't like some aspects of the design philosophy 3) We can do it better. All 3 reasons can be collapsed into a more focused effort to fix the already existing and very good ssl library; openssl. There is no doubt that is the intention. The doubt is whether or not it is a good call to fork openssl instead of attempting to get changes into upstream that fix it and make it better, safer, more reliable. Good. We need to Name-n-Shame these ISP's into doing good by their customers. There was an interesting interview with Comcast CEO the other day where he said, "[We] don’t wake up everyday and go to work and say we want to be hated.” But then he attempted to shift the blame to content providers: "Roberts followed up this statement by saying that Comcast is mostly hated because 'it’s the company consumers have to deal with when other companies raise their prices.'" http://bgr.com/2014/05/28/comcast-ceo-roberts-interview/ NO, the recourse is to choose independent ISP's. They generally offer better pricing for faster speeds with less BS, ie no monitoring, ad injections, throttling, etc. You will have to look for ones in your area, but they are there. Usually each major city will have a few. Rural areas will tend to have more WISP's (wireless isp's) that are also small and all about their customers. The recourse is to call your Senator and Congressman and demand they force big ISP's to lease fiber/copper to smaller companies, much like phone-line providers are required to lease their copper to other companies. This will help spur competition, which means everyone wins. Then you become the steward of the project and continue forward. Forking will introduce an untold number of new bugs, some of which may be worse than imagined. Right now, native libressl only works on bsd's, when openssl codebase works on many os's. There are ports being made, which will introduce more bugs. Bugs being in a tracker for years is not uncommon. Here's OpenSSH's tracker: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... 331 bugs, a large majority of which are pre 2012. This is not a sign of inactive/apathetic developers. It's a sign of big and old projects. I have no doubt the OpenBSD folk are excited about this now... but 5 years from now? More? What's the long term viability of this project? Will they eventually put all OS's on an equal footing instead of *BSD's first and port to other OS's? Forking was not the answer. The answer was to fix the perceived problems in OpenSSL and make it as solid as it can be. It's splitting talent and resources unnecessarily. Especially when the two projects are under the same umbrella (OpenBSD Foundation). Yup, just like all these OpenSSH bugs: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... Fork it now! ~~~ Seriously, stop buying into all the hype generated by heartbleed. Things will simmer down, and it's doubtful libressl will replace openssl anytime in the next 5 years as the standard default ssl lib for many things. I do not buy into OpenSSL devs not wanting bugfixes. Where are the public rejections/closures of submitted fixes? There aren't any. There are just assumptions that they wont take certain patches, or submitted patches waiting for review (how about you jump in and help review?). is this real? seems a little... "over-share-y" for an interview? There is a $30,000 audit currently underway. There will be no security problems un-turned when they are through. That's assuming there are any to begin with (Personally, I think not). I see no issue picking up the codebase and running with it. It's code. There are no secrets. Problems come up when nobody reads the code. Right now, there's an awful lot of people reading this code (Given the strange warning's posted on the TC site). This is not really a "GOP Bill". It's really one Representative's bill. (perhaps influenced by the big5 isp's) I doubt it will go anywhere. (Let's not let partisanship get in the way of net neutrality folks.) That does not matter. In the USA, House Representatives can draft their own bills at any time. Now, if a huge portion of the party co-signs or sign-support of the bill, then it would be fair to call it a "GOP Backed Bill". But right now, it's not. If we get the Gov't to force ISP's to lease their copper/fiber to other ISP companies (smaller independent guys) then they wouldn't have to lay their own infrastructure and it would build a lot of competition quickly. Telecom companies already have this regulation. (CLEC 1996) > IMHO all US regulations that have the force of law should have to be passed by both houses of congress to be legal. They do. House and Senate both have to approve, then comes the possible veto by the pres. Are you sure? Gold is one of the most soft/malleable metals used to plate connectors? (I know it's one the best best conductors). And we all know, there's no difference between the $150 hdmi cable and the $5 hdmi cable except cosmetics and perhaps some better shielding. They're all digital connections, so the signal/bits are either there or are not. I put Macallan 18 in my ice. That's right. ;-P Again, the bits are either there or they are not (corruption). I don't see your point, because it seems to back my earlier point. You'd be surprised. The $150 hdmi cable is likely manufactured alongside the $5 cables in the same factory, then just sold to different brands (Monster vs. Store-brand). It's fairly common... Samsung makes almost all the parts of the Best Buy store-brand TV's... they're essentially a slightly lower-grade samsung tv with the store-brand slapped on and sold cheaper. This is just plain wrong information. If you want to stereo-type and entire party's platform, then the GOP's would be anti-regulation and free-market... not imposing legislation to solidify "fast-lanes" and be generally anti-competitive. Seriously, the Democrats don't understand the internet just as much as the GOP, or the Green Party, etc. Let's stop making this a partisanship issue. Net neutrality is too important for petty squabbling. lol, where are you buying cables? You can lose half the wires (2 pairs) and still pass 100Mbps easily. Will it still cost me an Arm, a Leg, and my first born to obtain the dev tools and compile code? Here's some system specs they are running your code in: ~~~~~~~ Executing Build Command: javac /root/HelloWorld.java Executing Run Command: java -classpath /root HelloWorld Cores: 4 CPU Arch: amd64 Total Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 236257280 Max Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 3506438144 Free Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 235023784 Root Dirs: / Get OS (direct output): Linux Get OS (sanitized output): Unix/Linux OS Arch: 64 Process exited successfully ~~~~~~~~ http://runnable.com/U4zos2qEWoJSgH4Z/sys-info-example-for-ja... Nice, but some users are not "honorable". And you make it super easy and quick to make accounts, no confirmation, just enter some email address. (not that i'm complaining about that part, i like easy signups... but it may open you to abuse). This is a good problem :) You guys have a very nice looking product. Maybe Canonical should stick to their core... ...and focus on Linux on the Desktop... instead of trying to be an "Everything" company. Get the core down solid and making money , then expand into other markets. Well, that's not very true. I think you mean to say, "Desktop is not sexy". Most homes have either a desktop, or a laptop, or both, sometimes multiples of each. Every business has at least 1 computer (desktop or laptop, sometimes multiples of both). So there very much so is a lot of money still in desktop. Right now if you want to purchase a factory Linux computer, your choices are severely limited. It's either System76, or the Dell Sputnik (which for some reason costs more than it's Windows counterpart). XP just expired. My company has a warehouse of 40 workstations running XP. We're looking into getting new hardware. Guess what... it'll be Windows because there are not many other options to price-shop around and/or get differing levels of support. There is indeed money in Linux Desktop. I"m sorry but you are mistaken... if you look at server stats, majority of "the cloud" is RHEL/CentOS based. I'm not going to argue that there are not many people using Ubuntu for servers... but it's not the standard when you get to big deployments. (I think you are refering to Ubuntu being the default Linux choice on EC2 which certaintly helped it's popularity. However, EC2 is not even built from Ubuntu... it's RHEL/CentOS). But it doesn't really matter. Canonical is drifting from what could be great. The average user does not need tech support to use a modern linux desktop (have you tried recently? they have come a long long way even from 3 years ago). At a time when XP is EOL'ed, and people are looking for anything not Windows 8 -- Linux should be answering that call, but instead Canonical is waffling again. There is absolutely a void in the market. Let's not make this an argument. Time will tell, as does history. Canonical has fallen short on execution on almost every major project thus far. Maybe this one won't repeat history. That is the entire point I"m making. You cannot go to the store and buy a Linux-based desktop nor laptop. Companies (and most home users) don't want anything to do with Windows 8, but are being forced off XP. This is the ideal opportunity to capitalize on such a market and make Linux Desktop's common-place. Out of all the Linux vendor's and distro's, Canonical is the closest at achieving common-place... yet, they have stopped short at such a critical time. Of course tablets are popular, so are phones. Both markets are more fierce than desktops due to massively low price-points and some companies (looking at you google) willing to sell their tablets at a loss. Companies spend $3-10K on server hardware , not the OS. When you buy big-iron servers, it's actually very common-place to get a Linux OS already installed, or no OS so you can install your preferred distro. Server Software (the OS) support contracts absolutely make money... but so does desktop software support contracts. Your assertion that desktop industry is not worth focusing on is not true. Tablets and phones are getting more popular, but desktops and laptops are not going anywhere anytime soon. Yes, of course Mark Shuttleworth's personal blog is not bias (he's the owner of Canonical). Also, he's talking about deployments on Digital Ocean, ie. VM's. I'm talking about what actually makes the "cloud", ie. the "cloud". The "cloud" is built out of RHEL/Centos for the most part. Almost all the major "cloud" infrastructures have been built with RHEL/Centos. We can speculate why... but Red Hat has built a $1 billion+ revenue per year company out of "cloud" and enterprise support contracts. (because they were there first, and they focused on it... and after it became profitable, then they finally branches out into other markets.) The problem with Canonical IMO is they try to get into too many markets which ends up resulting in split finite resources. "Jack of all trades, master of none". I think there's a few things here to mention. Red Hat didn't "suddenly obsess over Openstack in the last 12 months", they were one of the first Linux vendors to embrace the "cloud", and as others have mentioned, they are now deeply entrenched. Red Hat posted revenue exceeding $1 billion for fy 2013. Canonical posted only $65.7 million. Red Hat could buy Canonical and throw it away, and it wouldn't even show up as a significant blip on their books. Canonical is not competing on the same level as the heavy-weight enterprise vendors (I know they want to be). Straying into my opinion. I want Canonical to do very well. As I mentioned, they are the closest anyone has ever been to becoming a household name with their Linux desktop (they are sooo freaking close!). But the problem I see with Canonical is the company seems to have a very bad case of ADHD. Canonical tries to do everything. Phone, tablet, desktop, server, windowing manager, init system, cloud, SaaS, enterprise support, package manager, weird-NUC-box-things, app-store, etc etc etc. This is far too much for a company that is barely staying afloat (they posted an almost $22 million loss for the same fy; about 1/3 of their total revenue lost). In most of the markets they dabble in, they show up late (sometimes very late), can't get a strong foothold, and will or have been shoved out. Shuttleworth told theguardian in August of 2013 that Canonical wanted to capture 25% of the mobile market in the US and Asia... an absurdly unrealistic goal (to this day Apple has only managed 21% market share according to idc.com) Mobile may be "hot" right now, but they are a no-name brand in that market and they are attempting to go up against companies that can throw 10's of billions of dollars at products, and even take 10's of billions of dollars of losses just to ensure they remain dominant. The ship on mobile has sailed. I applaud their engineering efforts, and I'm sure Canonical employees do very good, and very hard work. But they need to reel it back in and focus. The company can't do everything Mark thinks might be cool when he wakes up in the morning. It needs focus. If Canonical were a startup, and Mark didn't have deep pockets, it would have failed many times over (Mark has acknowledged this several times citing his commitment to Canonical and willingness to re-invest personal capital as necessary). Back to Desktop... there is money to be made there. Several OEM's are struggling, consumers don't like the current options (Windows 8 or OSX). There is a void to be filled, even if it's only 10% of the market, that could result in a huge revenue increase for Canonical. Yes, it's difficult to get into the hardware game, but it could be done. To make revenue, sell support licenses/contracts to OEM's... use the Microsoft model for desktop support. Why is System76 supporting Ubuntu themselves? Canonical isn't getting anything out of that... and supporting the OS costs System76 money no doubt, why not help take it off their hands? The Dell Sputnik? Dell is supporting it directly, and charging consumers more for the privilege of having a "free os" over a Windows license. Over the next 2-5 years Ubuntu could become a common household name, and be no less-normal than installing Windows on your pc. There supporting software is there, the desktop is mature. It just needs someone to guide it in. If Canonical does not want to do Desktop, well I think that's a mistake, but fine. So they should pick one market and do it very well. Don't split-up your resources; there is only a finite amount. This is the same government that thought they could "block all porn" on the internet? "We have short time to beat powerful computer attack" And see how pixelated their main banner image is? Not only bad grammar, but poor images. Really am ammeter website. Unless Microsoft throws everything out and starts fresh, it's doubtful they'll ever have a serious contender for the embedded market. Even "Hello World!" can have issues if your compiler and/or libc has issues ;-P Well said. University is not Job Skill training. CS Students are not Engineers because they have a degree. It takes years as someone's junior to learn "how it's done in the real world". You do know this violates the EULA for OSX? No OSX version allows for virtualizing it as a guest VM. (just pointing it out) Actually, it is: > The grant set forth in Section 2B(iii) above does not permit you to use the virtualized copies or instances of the Apple Software in connection with service bureau, time-sharing, terminal sharing or other similar types of services. http://images.apple.com/legal/sla/docs/OSX109.pdf Hmm, appears you are correct. Previous versions just flat-out banned any sort of virtualization. Appears this release now allows you to have up-to 2 OSX guests running ontop of an OSX host. (A pathetic attempt at allowing virtualization imho, my Xen hosts at the office have 10-30 guests running concurrently per box) Very much so not true: http://fedoraproject.org/ http://www.ubuntu.com/ Download an ISO and install it. I think you will be surprised. Pop the disk in after burning to a CD/DVD. Click "install", reboot and you are done. Doesn't matter what your hardware is... it will install and work. Other than getting a computer with a pre-installed OS, it really can't get much simpler. Modern Linux Desktops do not require you to do anything but click the "install" button. You don't have to mess with partitioning, packages, etc. You can understand absolutely nothing about Linux and install it easily and use it easily. Being an Apple developer is very (overly, maybe excessively?) expensive. In all my years, and colo'ed across 3 DC's... I have yet to see any OSX server hardware besides a mac mini... I'm not sure what you mean by "3d graphics won't [work]", they do just fine. Transferring files/settings is also a non-issue. I think it's been a long while since you looked at or used a Linux desktop. They have come a long long way in the past 5 years. Not sure how it can be any easier other than getting a computer pre-installed (which you can now too, but, admittedly not as common as I would like). I mean, you have to put a disk into some hardware at some point and click some install button... spell-check strikes again (dang keyboard!) Every issue you described are issues from 2-3 years ago. They have all been solved, especially in the major distros. A current version 14.x of Ubuntu, or version 20+ of Fedora will work "out of the box" with zero tweaking. Honestly. (I run full-time Linux desktops on everything from old repourposed warehouse workstations that were bought in the windows 2000 days, all the way through dual booting my modern gaming rig... it just works). And to touch on your gaming comment -- actually, Valve has found the same games perform better on Linux using OpenGL than they do on Windows. So much so, that they were surprised at how well they performed. So much so, that many many other gaming companies are now re-releasing and/or planning future releases on Linux. The day of Linux gaming is here... yes, circa 1996 maybe... if you must buy special hardware just to compile code, well... that's not normal for any other eco-system's developers. Nor is having to pay for the privilege of being a developer... nor pay for dev tools, etc. Well, I"m sorry your experience was bad. I assure you, it is not normal what you are describing. Valve has (figuratively) bet the house on Linux as tomorrow's gaming platform... and I'm confident they would not have done so without Linux being ready for prime-time. As a note, don't game under WINE. WINE is great for applications and such, but a game designed to run on windows won't work quite right even on WINE. But, if you install the Native Linux Steam client and have Steam download/install the Native Half-Life 2 for Linux... I assure you, it works flawlessly... as-does all Source games now, Unity games, Unreal games, CryTek games (or at least they can be ported native now). Wasn't Barnaby Jack going to unveil a Pace Maker 0day last year before he [mysteriously] died? I was referring to the timing of things. But yes, I don't disagree. He did some very brilliant work. I don't know where you live, but here in the US, you violated no copyright laws (or any laws or ethical clauses for the matter) by simply providing access to pre-existing works, ie. the schools website data. If the school's website is publicly accessibly, as-in anyone can find it online, then it's public information and you can use it at your will so long as you state where the information came from (ie. not your original writing, etc). if you are in the US, check your schools student handbook/policies... closely... if you found there is nothing restricting you, I would argue to pursue your app (and be prepared for pushback from the school). Even if it were subject to copyright, you violate no laws (in any country I know of) by simply re-posting the information and providing attribution to the original author/creators of the content. If true, any news aggregator and most websites would be getting sued every day for regurgitating information. Looks like a bizarre mix of JavaScript and C to me. But then, hey... Objective-C syntax just offends me right-out ;-P Well then what is it? Please elaborate. No copyright law (in any country that I'm aware of, even if the OP sold the app) has been violated. The OP may be subject to some school policy... but that's it. The administration is plain wrong and the OP should pursue his app if he can withstand the administrations push-back/threats. You can always link-to and/or provide access to existing work (copyrighted or not) so long as you provide proper attribution (state the original content authors/creators) There is nothing they could do, even in their own country. No laws have been violated here. (maybe we should all publish the app to prove the point) Fair point. It boils my blood to see a school administration so blatantly and wrongly take advantage of a student that they claim to be educating and preparing for the future. If anything, the administration should be in full support of the OP. If the OP can tolerate the pushback, and there is nothing in his school's policies forbidding, he should pursue the app. Let the administration spin their wheels. They can't sue him. And if they tried, they would lose. It's just absurd. someone said there is already quicksort in the standard lib... so this code snippet is really only academic... Well... technically something with no license is the most restrictive form of a license; as-in nobody has the right to use it nor republish it nor modify it. Not being the copyright holder forbids you from assigning a license. However, for a trivial piece of code as this... it could be argued it's not copyright-able and therefore you are OK... but just be careful in the future. Wow... seems like a nightmare for several reasons: >Naming Constants and Variables >You can use almost any character you like for constant and >variable names, including Unicode characters: >let π = 3.14159 >let 你好 = "你好世界" >let 🐶🐮 = "dogcow" https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documenta... I'm sorry but I strongly believe you are incorrect. I could make a paid HN aggregator... legally. So long as I provided proper attribution. The OP provided attribution. The OP never claimed the data was his. The entire purpose was to aggregate the schools data into an easily accessible format for students. Cultural norms or not, the OP violated no laws. It's pretty plain and simple. Yes, the school could play games and break this parser if they decided. Worse has been done before. It would be a teachable moment... but not for the reasons you seem to be concluding. I was not commenting on the entire languages design... talk about jumping to conclusions lol. Again, I dont think a snippet this trivial is subject to copyright... I just wanted to point out you should mind these matters in the future. Besides offending a developer, you could get into some trouble. Many times I've emailed devs on Github regarding some code they have that I'd like to use part of but they've failed to assign a license. A few time's I've been turned away... but usually the dev just forgot or was not aware others couldn't freely use it. Well, besides adding to complexity of debugging or just reading/understanding of the codebase when the dev may not be familiar with say.. .Chinese characters, it may also limit which platforms it can run on. But, this is an apple language targeting only apple devices so the last part isn't much of an issue. Basically using unicode characters is comparable to purposeful obfuscation, are difficult to type (no keyboard i'm aware of has a "cow" key), difficult to read/remember, and may become wrongly converted if the code is copy/pasted into a text editor not supporting that character. Now, I don't think this constituted as a "strong criticism" nor warranted the downvote nor the expletive. The OP didn't build the app to subvert the school's revenue model. That's the difference. We may be arguing apples and oranges here. The OP did not subvert anyone's revenue model. Simply aggregating data is not violating any copyright laws nor protections. If so... most news sites would be in serious trouble. The OP was simply aggregating data into an easily accessible format for students. The original creator retains copyright, but they can't prevent someone from linking to nor providing access to publicly accessibly information. If they truly want nobody to have access in this manor, they would have to block public access or restrict it in some form. To use your book example. If the copyright holder of a new book posted the text in full on their website with no restrictions or payment necessary, and I reposted that text, provided attribution and a method to access the original content, then I would not be in violation of any law. I don't think I need to state this is irrelevant. If the school's technical partner was threatened by this app, they could bring suit... not the school. You must be reading a different article. The OP does not circumvent authentication in any way. The OP caches it... that's it. And, that was only for some of the data, not the entire app. So yes, his app is mostly like a news aggregator. Not sure your point here... it's actually easier than this mac install on ESX (of course, because it's supported natively with no hackery required). Just point ESX at the ISO and it installs. If I'm understanding the CVE correctly, it has nothing to do with the browser. It's when it's on the Server, an attacker could just make OpenSSL think their "browser" doesn't support all of the good algo's and eventually cycle through it's available algo's until a relatively insecure one is decided upon (like the relatively weak CBC algo's). So, it is a potential threat to servers since most web server are *nix based and most of those will have the default of OpenSSL installed. However, I seem to recall this always being a possible attack vector, in any SSL/TLS library due to how browsers/servers have always negotiated which algo to use based on which are commonly supported and the strongest available... so ... nothing new? Even at big shops... testing is not fun and not done as much as you'd [want to] think. Well, this is sort of fudd being spread by the libressl project. Most old and large codebases will have a mix of coding styles, etc... even at big companies (take a gander at the recently posted Windows 2000 source code for example, or the leaked Half Life 2 codebase, etc). Does it make testing more difficult with preferred tool X? Maybe... but perhaps tool X isn't the best fit for the codebase? Or perhaps minor changes could be made to make it work well. In any event... part of being a developer is being able to read and understand a variety of coding styles... since, coding styles have zero effect on the code's purpose/execution. Not trying to detract... but we should remember the people who complained about the coding styles and difficultly in reading/understanding the codebase were new to the codebase, and the codebase was not in their expected format... which is normal when you sit down to any new codebase. Also... this is a crypto codebase... so there will be an element that is always difficult for an outsider to read and understand. A diamond in the rough you are ;-P I would be careful before you throw the "incompetence" word around. Remember this library was written by some of the best cryptographers around, and has been the standard for a very long time -- because, generally, it does it's job very well. If you actually look into these "ridiculous engineering decisions" you will find very good reasons why they did things the way they did. With that said, of course it may be able to be done better. All code can be done better. Remember the OpenSSL team was severely underfunded, and severely understaffed. So it's not fair to label them as "incompetent" one bit. It's very easy to be an armchair quarterback. Wow, Verizon... dumb move. Can someone explain to a non-graphics person what this means? Seems like it's just demonstrating how the JPG get's displayed on your page while it's still being downloaded? technically it's not giving healthcare to anyone... but rather providing a means to charge for a base-level. the healthcare law doesn't give any free handout's, even to people who can't afford the "affordable" fees the gov't charges for the base-level healthcare. (just saying, it matters to be correct on this topic) would be curious to get some answers as-to why this wasn't the path to building the website all along? I mean, the original site was awarded to CGI Inc without any biding process... and they aren't even a US company. Why did we not have US professionals/companies build this thing the first go-round? I could have imagined a High-Tech All-Stars sort of thing... each major US tech company sends 1 or 2 representatives to collaborate and work together to build this new long-lasting piece of national infrastructure. I think the article misses the point of Tor (and why the EFF suggests it's use). Tor is not about, nor promises to make you secure. It's an anonymization proxy, which makes you a little harder to be "snooped" on by really anyone. The EFF is suggesting people take additional steps, or everything they can to make the job of the NSA (or anyone else trying to snoop) that much more difficult. And to that goal, Tor does a decent job when used in combination with other methods such as SSL, etc. "amicably" and "reasonable" by the patent holder's terms... Your parent comment has a good point. Wow. This is done very well. Bravo to Seattle, a model for how other's should do open government data. They appear to be doing more than fine: http://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE:AOL Although, should note... a quarter's revenue of $656 million is a far cry from major tech companies, and that is revenue, not profit. They own several media companies, including Engadget. Likely where they make majority of their revenue now days. (that and the old people who still think they must pay AOL $10 a month for their email and the AOL web browser... yes, it's still a thing... and people do still pay for it... sigh ) The comparison between GO and Java seems unfair, given they compare a primitive variable with an object... which has methods and a bunch of other things to increase it's size (for good reason). Sure GO may be quick... but a JIT'ed java program will run at native C speed... because it's been compiled down to native code at that point... (and most language performance comparison's I've seen pop up generally ignore this fact and measure "performance" by timing runtime which includes the JVM firing up and executing cold/non-jit'ed code... not real-world scenarios for high performance code.) Dealerships have always felt to me to be some of the sneaky-est, deceptive and sometimes shady businesses I've had experience with. I think direct sales from manufacturers makes more sense... My gripes: * half git-syntax/half package manager-syntax is cumbersome to me. * Inability to compile Docker from source without using the Docker Project's provided "black box" binary Docker. * No formal explanation of how to create your own base image from scratch (ie. not using a Docker Project provided base image). * Defaults to storing images in the Docker "cloud" repo. (would have preferred a git-like setup where pushing my images to a repo of my choice was more "normal") * GO Lang is still pretty obscure for most developers, and an interesting choice given the language's youth and likely-hood to change rapidly as it matures. * Docker is built on-top of existing Linux technologies, mainly LXC, making it more-or-less disposable in the future (as someone else figures out how to abstract/manage LXC better) * Docker is mainly built by Dotcloud - a for-profit company. Dotcloud has been very generous in their effort... but, being for-profit, what is their take out of it? (It can't be "just for the goodness of Linux"). Fair enough point about GO Lang, however, should note Docker as a project was started way back when GO's future was... perhaps iffy. Maybe good foresight on the Docker project regarding GO Lang. However, this doesn't excuse the remaining gripes listed above. Seems odd, that a big payment service's exec would get poached to head-up a chat service (likely implemented using XMPP). I mean, if FB was serious about chat, wasn't there an exec at a chat-focused company that would have been a better fit? Also, why would the President of PayPal leave (his Top-dog position) to take on a head of a mere department at another company? Also seems odd... Yes I did... but that is still not a chat business. Twitter, WhatsApp, SnapChat... all their executives would have been more of a natural fit. This is looking to be an impressive release. Switching to XFS as the default filesystem. Improved MS Active Directory integration Container support (is it Docker? seems too early for RHEL to integrate Docker..? maybe it's just LXC?) systemd is a big win (although a hot topic) CentOS 7 shouldn't be lagging too far behind. The CentOS team recently got taken up with RHEL, so I think we can expect a CentOS update soon (can't wait!). Was my thoughts exactly. Seems odd to put Docker into a RHEL release, especially since docker only 1.0'ed yesterday. RHEL usually goes for rock solid stable (typically older/matured) packages... LXC seems the natural fit... I could see Docker in RHEL 8 or something... I think we've all been there... had some teacher for some class in some grade that made the students wonder "how on earth are you allowed to keep teaching?". There are many many very good teachers. There are also some very bad teachers who stop caring about the kids. Tenure currently enables teachers to "coast" and lose enthusiasm to teach and change lives. I think it's the school administration's job to protect teachers from casual termination... not a contract that makes it impossible to get rid of the worst teachers. I actually find colo'ing a new server quite fun and enjoyable... even after doing it a half dozen times... as a techy... something is just so cool about putting a server in the same racks as some monster equipment. ;-P However, I disagree about colo'ing not being economical. If you setup a physical box in a colo with a hypervisor (kvm, xen), then the density you can get out of 1U is amazing, and makes the entire thing much more affordable. Take this site for example: https://www.ubiquityhosting.com/cloud 16GB ram, 8 coers for $128 a month. Considering most 2U colo spots I've seen hover around $150 a month, seems like the colo is not a good deal. However, the VPS for $128 a month is a single server. Your $150 a month colo, with xen, you can pack 3-7 vm's in the same space, making the cost-per-(virtual)server much lower. You know you're a real tech-y when you get fired up over filesystems! In good 'ol California bay area, you can get a full cabinet with un-metered 100Mbps port + 20A power for $600 a month. Hurricane Electric data center in Fremont, CA, always has specials running. That's about $12,000 USD for some welded scrap metal? Sheesh! I'm in the wrong line of work! Lol, updated my post and then saw yours ;-P I understand people not wanting to be "tracked" by EMS... I'm on the "tracking" side of things... so my opinion is different than most people's. I can definitively say, as someone who spends a lot of time doing email marketing... tracking opens and CTR's for gmail users absolutely still works. Want to pose the question: Is it a bad thing to have your open and clicks "tracked" by an email marketer? Yes and No. It depends who the marketer is. If it's a spammer, then the answer is no, it's not good. However, if it's a company you signed up for their email list, then you want tracking. You want them to send you advert's that you are actually interested in. You want them to not waste you time (and inbox space) with advert's that you will never be interested in. You also want them to send you engaging, funny, provocative emails that don't annoy you. These things can only happen if the marketer knows what people are clicking on and what type of content is the most engaging. The Original article seems to mis-quote browser marketshare. They have IE10 listed as 3% of the market and "Other" as 36%? And all the IE's combined for 19% market share? Everything I've seen (except the original article) list the IE's at a combined market share somewhere in the neighborhood of 50-70%., with IE8 still having a dominant 15-20%. iOS is also fragmented. I know many people with iphone 3gs's or the original ipads and are stuck on a previous version of ios. (one could argue they need to upgrade devices -- well, the same can be argued for android users) So, both sides of the fence or fragmented. Curious to the benefits of this. Is Rust performant and on par with the native C version of coreutils? Seems the readme makes a big deal about being easy to compile on windows (which has never been a problem for me, I just use Cygwin or something). Also, comments like this make it seem this is not "fully baked" yet and still needs some dev time: > fn parse_date(str: &str) -> u64 { > // This isn't actually compatible with GNU touch, but there doesn't seem to > // be any simple specification for what format this parameter allows and I'm > // not about to implement GNU parse_datetime. > // http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=gnulib.git;a=blob_plai... It seems the article writer not only did not read the TOS before signing up, but also make a critical error of thinking they could use the service for free at the tune of 50,000 links per month! They built their company around another company's free service, ignored the fact that Bitly has to make money off their service somehow (guess what, they charge for high volume customers), and then became outraged when bitly told them they needed to pay up. If link shortening is so integral to the business, why have they not implemented their own link shortener? Quit complaining you got something for free and abused it, and now they want you to pay them for the apparently critical service they provide you with. users or people ? I have multiple accounts... am I being counted multiple times? (probably). A growth rate of 12.5 million per quarter is not likely real people. However, say it is... then it's not sustainable because at a point they will be at terminal capacity, ie. everyone who wants a twitter account will have one. Then they will start to shrink as Facebook did last quarter (fewer signups than ever before). My company (like many many others) have tried advertising on Facebook, and other social networks (Twitter included). You pay a bunch of money to them, and get almost nothing in return. It's not nearly as effective dollar-for-dollar as using, for example, google advertising... or just investing in using Email Marketing and building a list. (I don't see how any social networks will be profitable long term). Works fine for me. What browser are you using? This seems like a relatively low impact security problem. I can't recall the last time I used a package manager to get a package's source. (Usually when I want the source it's because I'm compiling a package from source, and I get the tarball from the project's website) We came to the conclusion that people (customers) don't visit social networks (of any kind) with the goal of being sold to. They visit social networks with the intention to be social. Reading an advert, clicking on it, and buying some product is the last thing on their mind. Street value of approx: $17,330,000 USD Appears to be from part of the Silk Road seizure: https://blockchain.info/address/1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5G... Street value of approx: $17,330,000 USD I'd wager it will sell for much less, likely 3/4 of that street price. I'd imagine a business or bank will make the purchase, and they likely don't care about the anonymity aspects. Not really. Seized properties often sell for less than half of the market value... doesn't mean the property is worth half now... it means the government can't be bothered to take on the responsibility of selling the property at full retail -- ie. they just want to get rid of the assets and move on. There is really no "play to win" in Minecraft, because there is no "winning". You just keep doing things until you get bored and stop playing. As someone who can run my own server for myself and a few friends (and have on multiple occasions), I don't see how allowing servers to charge for some things is bad... don't want to pay for access to an item -- go play someplace else or host your own. I think that's besides the point. This contract isn't "about the kids", it's about all Minecraft players and server administrators. If a server administrator feels they need to, or want to charge for some item or plugin, they should have the freedom to do so... ...after all, they aren't obligated to run a minecraft server in the first place, and if the only thing keeping the lights on is selling some in-game item, let it be. Guys, this isn't "about the kids", it's about all minecraft players and server admins. The contract doesn't only apply to kids, it applies to everyone. So saying this is a "poor decision" because you don't want to encourage kids to use their parents credit card... is a poor argument. (as an aside - I know zero kids that play minecraft, but I know an awful lot of adults that do... so let's not just jump and assume it's only kids playing this game). Cloudflare also offers some free services ;-P Or that people continue to bother him/her with bombarding emails, public cynical skepticism, baseless speculation, and more. How about we stop bothering the poor developer(s) and let them be. They have already contributed more to the world than most of us here - time for them to get the well deserved rest they seek. Big Congrats to you and the rest of the team! It would be a dream for me or my team to get picked up by RH. (PS: Could they have picked a worse/smaller font for the press release?) For anyone not understanding what this is about, here's the most important part of the ruling: > > ...we decide, based on the evidence properly before us, that > these registrations must be cancelled because they were > disparaging to Native Americans at the respective times > they were registered, in violation of Section 2(a) > of the Trademark Act of 1946, 15 U.S.C. § 1052(a). > Seems like this ruling may lead to more... there are a lot of trademarks in the US that some party somewhere will take offense to. Important to note, the ruling is based on whether or not the trademark was considered disparaging at the time of registration... not currently. Actually, I consider myself primarily a Java developer... and I wrote a pretty comprehensive GPS library in Java a while back (for using a raw GPS chip over a serial UART connection for embedded devices). This really is an unfortunate naming collision. Dang nabbit! I love eating here. Previous discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7910168 No. I am not a fan of Title II, however I think it's a very far leap to go from being Net Neutral --> Title II. You can be Net Neutral without being Title II'ed. The problem is, the ISP's (including AT&T) are not Net Neutral. > would rather create yet another jsframework.js or Flappy Bird As A Service Heyyyy... FBaaS was my next big thing! Reminds me of the people who get $100 bills from the bank, and like to whip them out like it's a lot of money. As soon as they spend it... it's now in $20's and $10's... seems pointless. I do like the idea of carrying some cash around -- far too often I've been at a bar with friends and the venue refuses to split the tab, and somehow I always get stuck fronting for everyone. But... as with most things... it's not convenient to get cash from an ATM all the time, and I always end up not having cash on me when I need it most. I believe we are experiencing a Startup Valuation Bubble, evidenced by extreme purchases such as WhatsApp for $16 Billion (and instant messaging company), Oculus for $2 Billion (a research company with no product), SoundCloud, etc, etc etc. While other companies like Satellite companies are selling in the hundreds of millions, not billions. I don't think these gross over-valuations are sustainable. These are all companies that a few years back, would have, at best , sold for a few hundred million. > Only in the last paragraph did he mention that Uber may be looked at as a "logistics" company and not a taxi service. You don't buy a company for $17 Billion in hopes of transforming it into something completely different and maybe making money. You also don't buy a company based on future best case scenarios where the competition is projected to stay stagnant. ~~~ At least you didn't used to buy companies based on these criteria. That used to be considered bad business. Is there not a comment platform that already exists? Seems strange if there isn't... Funny, I get an error when I try to buy anything on Svpply. http://www.saturdaysnyc.com/item/salt-1 Back in my high school days, I worked at a restaurant as a waiter ( cough "server", being more polite/correct), and always hoped people would leave the tip in cash. You had the option at the end of the shift to punch in a total for your claimed tips. There are pro's and cons to claiming cash tips -- Pro's being it keeps your actual income on the books, making you more attractive for loans/financing. Con's are you get taxed more. You get the money either way at the end of the night, but the tax man was not kind to you at year's end with all those claimed tips. The valuation bubble will eventually burst -- the question is when? The gross over-valuations occuring today are not sustainable -- the companies that are being purchased for billions USD are not actually worth that much. $16 Billion for an instant messaging company, $2 Billion for a research company with no product. Now everyone feels they are worth Billions when in fact, not only 3 years ago these companies would have sold for maybe a few hundred million USD at best. I really amazes me, that Linux is so darn flexible that it runs on some of the world's largest machines, down to the smallest embedded devices. After years of being a Windows fanboy -- I look back now and am very glad I made the switch. With Linux -- it's never a case of "you can't do that". This is not really true anymore. About 99% of all devices "just work" out of the box, the other 1% either are very obscure/specialty hardware, or are new hardware. Linux doesn't need a vendor to support Linux like it used to... most generic drivers are built in and work OK (just like the generic drivers built into Windows now-a-days). Can someone explain the gist of what's going on to an outside observer not familiar with Aereo? Well, Valve already has ToGL, a DirectX2OpenGL abstraction layer... so that is already happening. Also, SteamOS (and Steam on Linux) now has low latency Streaming from your Windows pc to your Linux PC, SteamOS/SteamBox on your TV, etc. So, in large part, just about all games are now playable on Linux, and more are coming as developers re-release games on Linux, or as many big AAA studios have committed to releasing all future games on linux as well (Crytek, Valve, Unreal, Firaxis Game, etc etc... there are a lot and more coming!) I think the lines between "Super Computer" and "High Performance Cluster" have become blurred. The article's largest complaint is not being able to read one (1) of the two (2) words in the captcha challenge. ReCaptcha only requires one (1) out of two (2) words to be correct in the challenge. It presents one known-by-the-system-word, and one not-known word. If you get the known word correct (the easier of the two to read) then it passes the challenge. ReCaptcha then pools the answers for the second not-known word and after pooling thousands (or more) responses, then that word becomes "known" based on the average answers (and then that word is "digitized" and used by google maps, or ebooks, etc). ~~~~ And for those wondering, I find it easiest to read captcha's by just looking at the letters by shape. Going down the list in the article: onightsl secretary. . phaRega o ndaaar proximity rsgrrem and khseeke . azedcg elearsal 5 ination amesye se ebtyR Reomi now ivestshm nwre Again, it's important to note, you only have to get one of the two words correct to pass the challenge. So.. probably 99% of the above list would pass. I have. The article's largest complaint is not being able to read one (1) of the two (2) words in the captcha challenge. I was pointing out, that this complaint is not valid since reCaptcha (where all of the article's screenshots are from) only requires one of the 2 words to be correct. ReCaptcha only requires one (1) out of two (2) words to be correct in the challenge. It presents one known-by-the-system-word, and one not-known word. If you get the known word correct (the easier of the two to read) then it passes the challenge. ReCaptcha then pools the answers for the second not-known word and after pooling thousands (or more) responses, then that word becomes "known" based on the average answers (and then that word is "digitized" and used by google maps, or ebooks, etc). > You obviously don't have an accurate understanding of ReCaptcha implementation I do (I've implemented them many times), but no point in arguing. I must be the only person who finds the level of security a captcha provides worth the 1 to 2 seconds it takes to type in a Captcha. And if done properly, you should only have to type a captcha once per site. Which is easier? Allow form spam on your site, or have a user type a captcha once the first time they visit and decide to post a comment or something? Captcha's have provided a tradeoff between inconvenience and protecting your site. I've solved a lot of captcha's in my time, and really have never experienced the trouble the author is detailing. Not only am I relieved when I see a reCaptcha since they are some of the easiest and most forgiving challenges, but I don't recall ever having repeated bad/unsolvable challenges presented on the same page. Sure, maybe sometimes you get a weird one and fail it. But typically the next challenge is easy to pass. Seems the author cherry-picked some of the worst reCaptcha examples for the article, but wrote it in a way that made it seem they were presented back-to-back. Besides this -- the article makes no attempt to offer a better solution. Captcha's are really the best way we have right now to "prove" someone is not a bot. Hidden Form fields, etc, don't work and are easily spoofed. Sure Captcha's can be beaten by bots sometimes -- but I trust Google's scale/volume with ReCaptcha to handle that for me (for the most part). Captcha's are not going anywhere anytime soon. correct. simple back-links no longer have the weight they used to (and in some situations can actually harm your SEO). Backlinks must come from other reputable (in google's algorithm's eye's) sites before they carry any weight. So, this would mean, tldp.org has a lot of top-ranked linux/bash and related sites pointing to it's pages. What a great resource! I did not know about this before today! I don't think you understand how to implement a captcha on your website. Unless you use a 3rd party CMS where implementing a captcha is just a checkbox and pasting in your api key, then it's a lot more work. one of the points of Git was short and small commits, often. it helps prevent a SVN/CVS-style workflow, which will negate many of the other benefits of Git IMHO. Seems rather sad state of our Patent system here in the US where a 19 year old with no prior technical background, who was a Chemical Engineering student, a sophomore no less (meaning barely finished or finishing General Ed. requirements and just starting Major courses), can write and file for a highly-technical patent involving radios, sensors, embedded devices, and the like. > And we could put a cellphone chip on it, and it could telemeter out to the doctor or the patient what was going on. It's very doubtful she understood how any of that works, or would work in her product/patent. Underlying story seems it's absurd this was patent-able. Seems to be missing some obvious things: Under virtualization: XenServer -- it has Xen, but most SysAdmins wont use raw Xen, but instead a complete hypervisor such as XenServer or VMware, etc. XenServer was recently re-rereleased and now is 100% open source (all features). Now you get all the "enterprise" features in the freebie Open Source version. Under SMTP Servers: Zimbra - excellent top-of-class email server, and open source. No, I was meaning I find it highly unlikely she understood or could actually implement the technology behind her patent. A 19 year old, no matter how smart, is not likely to have a thorough enough background to understand all of the related technologies involved in this patent. This is a medical device, and has to be "done right", or people can be injured or worse. I don't expect even a top-tier CS student could pull it off. I'm not attempting to discredit her intelligence, just pointing out she seems to have been/is an "idea guy". We've all run into "idea guys", they'll pitch a great idea with all this elaborate stuff, but then can't execute on it without outside help. Perhaps she got help, who knows? A patent is, more-or-less, a mere idea (which is absurd in it's own right, ideas should not be patentable imho). So, you are right, it's not "absurd for a 19 year old [gender-is-regardless] to write up and be awarded a patent", it's absurd it was patentable in the first place. I'm really not sure why you are attempting to make this a gender issue. If you re-read my comment, gender is not even approached. To summarize my post - I was making a statement regarding how absurd (imho) it is that someone can patent something they are not technically capable of even implementing. It is patentable because here in the US, patents are really just "ideas", so you don't have to actually implement the patent, just think it up. I doubt a 19 year old sophomore chemical engineering student would have the technical background to actually implement this patent... alluding to, she was just another "idea guy". I think I should make it clear -- this is not a gender issue. Let's stop trying to make it one. It, perhaps, is a age issue, sure. I have my doubts that an 19 year old chemical engineering student would have enough technical background to implement: radios, embedded systems, various sensors, medical analysis algorithms, database usage, notifications systems, knowledge of cellular technology, agreements with hospitals and insurance companies, etc. However , here in the US, a patent is more-or-less just an idea -- meaning, one can think-up something, and patent it. That is valid. My thoughts are, the article was obviously a puffy PR piece, designed to make the company look good. I believe she was an "idea guy" and was awarded a patent for that idea, then likely brought in outside help to implement it... which is very very common. > Coming from wealth doesn't hurt but somehow the articles always leave that bit out ... It's not a "sexy" PR piece if the story reads "Wealthy people get Wealthier", now is it? ;-P I couldn't agree more with the article. The US Patent system is broken and needs revisions to meet today's marketplace. Patents are awarded to non-practicing entities and people who can't act on nor implement the very patent they were awarded. Idea's should not be patentable. If you can think of something, so can I. Especially when it comes to software, since software is nothing but an idea written down. Idea's that oneself cannot implement and/or act on, should not be patentable. To be awarded a patent, you should, at the very least, be required to provide a working POC. I'm tired of companies being awarded absurd "future thinking" patents that have vague wording along the lines of "something will happen when the user does something, etc". Patent Trolls (aka Non-Practicing Entities) should not be able to hold patents if they are not using and/or implementing them. How can you collect money on an idea for years/decades but not have the capacity yourself to perform the service/make the product the companies you are suing are doing? The US needs drastic patent reform. It is stiffling innovation. How about -- No Patents? Patents are ideas... if you can think of it... so can someone else. Patents were intended to protect someone's investment into an idea. Today, they just serve as cash cows. With no patents, a company would be forced to continuously innovate and stay ahead of the curve -- which would replace their patent warchest with a warchest of talented individuals and innovators instead. To implement something described in the article, it requires experience , not intelligence, nor age. It's the experience that is in question. There is a lot of radically different and unique technologies that would be required to be mastered in order to implement a medical device such as this, safely and reliably. Not to mention extreme business prowess to wiggle ones way into a tightly guarded community such as the medical industry. (It's likely she brought in outside help to do the actual implementation, which is normal, other commenters have noted that she came from a family with great means, which would extend her reach by a great margin). Originally, I was commenting on it being absurd that in the US, one can patent an idea that one has no clue how to actually implement/build. Perhaps that was not the case here (although it seems to be), but unfortunately that is the case for an awful lot of patents here in the states. Anyone can think something up -- but to actually do it... that's a whole different beast. How so? (honestly asking) The entire idea of capitalism is to have fierce competition between companies -- patents, by design, allow one company to innovate once, then nobody else can make something similar. That seems, very anti-competitive (and open for abuse as evidenced by today's "patent wars"). If nobody could "squat" on an idea, then instead of innovating once, you would have to continuously innovate to stay in the lead of your industry. I can't locate it now, but there was an article I read somewhere that talked about the un-expected side-effects of speed cameras. Was along the lines that people get used to where speed cameras are located (along their daily commute, etc), and either slow-down in that one particular area (positive effect), or slam on the brakes and cause accidents (negative effect). Both resulting in fewer traffic citations, andd causing the cost-to-maintain the cameras (often contracted to 3rd parties) to increase. Some cities in the Bay Area of California have removed the camera inside the boxes, stopped paying the contractor to maintain the cameras, and just left the metal enclosures in place -- with the same results. (maybe hidden moral - humans are creatures of habit?) Every time I drive by one of those, I look at it, which completely distracts me from the road. (how fast does it say I'm going? Does my speedometer say the same thing? It doesn't!?) If you are not capable of affording at least a cheap-almost-free ssl cert in order to protect your site's users, and given your site actually requires SSL (such as secure account login, transactions, etc) you probably should not be running the site. SSL certs can be found for $1.99 per year sometimes from companies (that's cheaper than it costs to run your server). Sure they are not the "name brand" ssl certs like from Verisign that cost $300 a year -- but to a browser, SSL is SSL (so long as the browser recognizes the trust chain). If your country prohibits SSL's use -- then you really should consider not hosting your site from within your country. Security is not a joke. You do know TLS and SSL can be on the same server? In fact, if you are on a modern browser, look at the SSL cert HN is using -- it should show you are using TLS 1.2. -- so no users "suffer". Some SSL certs have become bloated in price (without good reason), such as the VeriSign certs, etc. No SSL cert should cost $300 a year... that's absurd. However, they can't be free... someone has to pay for the infrastructure that not only signs certs, but provides the trust backbone that SSL rides on. That does not change the spirit of my comment. If your server requires SSL due to security reasons, and you are not capable of using SSL for one reason or another, then I'd rather you don't run that server at all. Besides, if it's not an cost-prohibitive problem, but rather one can't get an SSL cert due to sanctions, etc... well, that argument doesn't hold water either. Not every country holds sanctions against Iran for example. You may not be able to get an SSL cert from a USA company, but there are many other countries who have CA's available that probably have no sanctions. In the end, security is not a joke. If your server requires itself to be secure, you'd better do it. Most countries have operating CA's... and not every country has sanctions imposed against Iran -- so it is possible to get a cert even if you live in Iran. Here is one company offering SSL certs to Iranians (albeit, very expensive, but it's still possible to get): http://www.ouriran.com/sslservices.cfm So the discussion is not "moot". If you run a website or webservice that must be secured -- you need to secure it or not host it. As an aside -- I don't believe Iran is currently under UN sanctions -- I believe they expired at the beginning of 2014 [1] ... the US, and several EU countries and others still do have Sanctions, sure... but it's not the entire world... specifically China and Russia are not on the Sanctions list, and both operate public CA's. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanctions_against_Iran Maybe I'm nit-picking... but "Material" is not a language... it's a design guideline. (the article, and the articles the article link to repeatedly call it a language when it's not) Do +not+ comply with the demand. There is nothing (law, morals, or else) that prevents one from scraping a publicly accessible website. TOS only apply if you agreed to them, and TOS cannot violate any other laws. Also, the demander would have to prove it was a Bot or something, and that actual data was downloaded. It could be just a guy with a lot of free time to browse every page on the site. in any regard -- this demand is ludicrous. I stand corrected. Seems wrong, but hey, I'm a programmer... not a designer ;-P No, it would be the other way around. You would have to find legal precedent that implies you must obey random requests for data from website operators... (and I'm pretty sure there is none). Their findings are not necessarily any less relevant just because it's from 2012. In fact -- their findings match almost exactly what my company has discovered. We've found that allowing social logins on our site (ecommerce) only causes confusion for our customers. "We can't locate your order under that email address. No, not that username either, keep guessing..." We have found it's best to either not force customers into account creation at all, or make it super easy (ie. a checkbox "yes" and password prompt on the checkout page only). Can you elaborate a little? Using OAuth is fine and all... but it's not eliminating the customer from having to sign-in still... ie. they are still typing a username and password, just not into your system. So what are the benefits (both perceived and actual)?