What you're saying is good advice for getting better, but I think the advice is for getting happier. Modern email clients use threading and quote-hiding to make everything look like bottom-posting. People who want to see context for your reply can just look up and see previous messages. I agree that you want discussion posts in chronological order, oldest to newest reading down, whether this is on a blog or email, but technology has changed so that this is no longer the responsibility of the poster. It would be spotted right away by anyone remotely competent who glanced over it. I'm not so sure. I'm a professional programmer mostly working in C++, and I didn't see the problem on first read-through. It took looking carefully before I saw it, and if I hadn't already known that these two lines contained a vulnerability I might not have noticed. I could see this being missed in a code review. Its kind of like how the Anglicans would resent being declared Children of Catholicism. Sure, without revolting against the Church there would not Anglicanism, but that doesn't mean that an Anglican would like to be told, "you came from Catholicism." This doesn't touch your main point, but I don't think most Anglicans have trouble with the idea that it comes from Catholicism. That would be a huge scandal. When fraudulently issued certs are discovered that's news, and if you did get one issued you wouldn't use it to redirect random BT customers to http. Before I wrote this, back in 2009 [1], I looked for existing tools that would do this already. I found colordiff and cdiff, but neither of them would highlight the parts of lines that had changed. Not finding anything that did what I wanted, I wrote something. [1] http://www.jefftk.com/p/introducing-icdiff See: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/snake-oil-salesmen... They reference Kunin 1989 [1], Shirai 2002 [2], and Shirai 2007 [3]. Chinese snake oil is a reasonable source of omega-3s. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1026931/pdf/west... [2] http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0271-5317(02)00426-8 [3] http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1444-2906.2003.... Maybe I'm misreading you, but it sounds like you're saying "my coworkers made something with a really great UI and people loved it!" My wife and I are also trying to do this, and I suspect a big part of why we've been able to stick to it is the growing effective altruism community. We commit to donating 50%, post our income and donations publicly [1], and we know people would hold us accountable if we started backsliding. Still, 20 years is much longer than I have experience for, so I definitely respect people like you who have been working at this much longer! [1] http://www.jefftk.com/donations I became acclimated to that "bill" much as one does their car payment or home payment. It is in the range of a small car payment per month now and I only chide myself for not boosting it more. The idea is to make it a routine expense so that you don't consider it a burden. The danger is forgetting to raise it or give to other good charities thinking you have done your part. That's a great approach! It is not hard to find a charity to give money to. Charities vary dramatically in how much good they can do with your money, so I'm not sure why you would say it isn't hard. With the charities you support, how much do you know about what your money does? Did you compare them with competing organizations? Getting into this much detail about charities is more than a full time job! At this point I mostly go by GiveWell's recommendations, but identifying really great charities isn't something I'd say is "easy". (I'm not saying this to discourage you, what you're doing is really good!) I know you're joking, but buying better roofs is actually the most common thing for recipients to do with the money. Metal roofs require so much less upkeep that they're a very good investment, saving a lot of time in avoided maintenance over many years. > they get to make medical decisions for you At least in MA you can fill out healthcare proxy forms [1] to shift this back to your parents. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_proxy since some sort of legal status is required for many purposes in most countries The idea here is that you get rid of those "many purposes" and treat a married couple like any other people who have decided to spend their lives together. For example, in a user session with 5 page views that load 40 resources per page, how many users will not experience worse than 95%’ile of HTTP requests? The chances of not seeing it is ~.003%. This is assuming complete independence, which is very wrong. We're talking about hail. Insurance companies cover hail damage all the time. (Actually, hail claims have been going up: http://www.claimsjournal.com/news/national/2014/05/02/248354... ) The spin of the article is that smaller companies are more deserving, but I don't see why we should expect that in general. If Apple or FB bring in a thousand people on H1Bs, is that a problem? You can do better than that by taking advantage of character shapes, though. Minimal example: () and: )( have the same brightness values, but we see them pretty differently. Ideally you would use edge detection, maybe some object detection, and then be willing to compromise a little on brightness in order to make important edges nice. I don't know if there's software out there that does this, though. Specifically, I get p=0.15 for those numbers. And that's assuming that they're based on running the test for a fixed amount of time instead of stopping once they look good. So: probably better, but should have run it longer. Just don't try to use two digit format for years: ~ $ cal 5 16 May 16 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ~ $ cal 5 2016 May 2016 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 this is not investment advice It certainly looks like investment advice! guarantee worst-case linear time matching for any number of expressions Or you could just use RE2: https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/WhyRE2 It's open source, and match time is linear in the length of the input string. (Disclosure: I work at Google on a different open source project) The entire Real-Estate industry is ripe for disruption. Exactly why are we paying 6% to "agents"? https://www.redfin.com/ is already doing this. They charge half the normal fee if you're selling and they give about half of their fee to you after purchase if you're buying. (We bought our house with them.) Actually, thinking more, we designed PSS to run in a sandbox specifically because we were parsing untrusted input. But leaking content from one site into responses from other sites would still be possible, because I think we didn't reinitialize the sandbox on every request (way expensive) and each server process handled many sites. Fix that, and then there's still the risk of leaking things between sites via the cache. It's definitely possible to fix this (new sandbox per request, cache is fragmented by something outside of sandbox control) but I'm not sure the service would make sense economically. single tax receipt (donating to one org instead of 3-4) GiveWell offers this as well: https://secure.givewell.org/ You can donate to GiveWell for distribution to their to charities, and you can either choose the breakdown or ask them to allocate it as they think best. Slimfast has 4x as much sugar as Soylent (per-calorie). To get 2000 calories from Slimfast you'd be getting 180g sugar, while with Soylent it would be 45g. Now 45g is a little higher than recommended, but 180g is way too high. http://d8m5oga7foiu.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/1... http://files.soylent.com/pdf/soylent-drink-nutrition-facts-e... You can get a web version by editing urls: https://www.whatruns.com/website/google.com Facial recognition is getting better; cameras may well be enough to do this soon. "Between January and June 2017, Flatiron claimed that 98.5% of its students received employment less than 180 days after graduation and that Flatiron graduates had an average salary of $74,447. However, Flatiron did not disclose clearly and conspicuously that the 98.5% employment rate included not only full time salaried employees but also apprentices, contract employees and self-employed freelance workers, some who were employed for less than twelve weeks. Similarly, Flatiron failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose that its $74,447 average salary claim included full time employed graduates only, which represent only 58% of classroom graduates and 39% of online graduates." Good to crack down on this. "In order to obtain a SED license, a non-degree granting career school must meet a number of criteria, including using an approved curriculum and employing a licensed director and teachers." This is worrying. Part of why these bootcamps have been a valuable addition is that they've been able to use their own curricula and train their own teachers. This is a weird article. It strongly implies that donor advised funds (DAFs) are storing money indefinitely and not distributing it, but the average disbursement for DAFs is about 15% per year. In general, people committing the money to charity now even if they haven't decided what they want to fund is something I strongly support, because it means they can't later change their minds and keep the money. The article also seems to evaluate DAFs primarily on how much they spend in the Bay Area: And even when it did give out money, the Silicon Valley Community Foundation often spent it outside of California. Last year, it gave out $436 million in grants to the nine-county Bay Area, which was just 34 percent of the $1.3 billion in grants it dispersed. The Bay Area is one of the richest regions of one of the richest states of one of the richest countries. There are definitely people in the Bay Area who need help, but overall I think it's really good that donors are becoming more interested in figuring out where their money can do the most good as opposed to only donating to organizations targeting the region they happen to live in. The AMT excludes many deductions, but it doesn't exclude the charitable deduction. > Based on past experience, it is estimated that between 1 and 2 people out of every 1 million people vaccinated may die as a result of life-threatening reactions to the vaccine. -- http://www.who.int/vaccine_safety/committee/topics/smallpox/... > The only real way to get off grid power without batteries is to go with an inverter that has an emergency outlet. Some of the SMA inverters support this (they call it Secure Power Supply) - you feed the whole rooftop array into them, and they can, if the sun is shining, provide 1.5kW or so to a dedicated outlet - assuming there's enough solar power. So, from an 8-10kW array, on a sunny day, you can get 1.5kW by operating well below the peak power point. If the array can't keep up with current demand (a cloud goes over), the outlet shuts down. It's better than nothing, but this is just about the only way you can get battery-free off grid power. To get any sort of stable battery-free power, you have to run the panels well, well below peak power (30-50% of peak is as high as you can really run), and even then, you have a horrifically unstable system. If the array power briefly drops below demand (perhaps an airplane has flown over), you shut down the entire output for a while. Hopefully your devices can handle intermittent power like this. If the array can source 1300W at the moment and a compressor tries to draw 1301W while starting, you collapse the array voltage and shut down the outlet. That's really hard on compressors (and everything else attached to the outlet). It's not ideal, but this is so much better than what most installs are built with (nothing). FDIC protects cash at (fractional reserve) banks. SIPC protects securities at (non-fractional reserve) brokerages. A very rich person isn't going to have enormous quantities in cash; most of it will be invested. But the risk of a brokerage losing your stock is way lower than a bank losing your cash deposits, and even that is very low. If they wanted to buy insurance against it that wouldn't be very expensive. > 6/8 is skiddledeediddledee - often used in folk and/or ethnic music. It's a much lighter, more skittery feel. There are two common forms of 6/8 (jigs) at least in the kinds of traditional music I'm used to: single jigs and double jigs. A double jig is "skiddledeediddledee" as you said, like the song "99 bottles of beer on the wall", while a single jig is more like "humpty dumpty". Other companies effectively outsource the first stage of their hiring to Triplebyte. These companies have much more agreement on the "hard" skills than the "soft" skills, and also have an easier time trusting Triplebyte to evaluate the former. A candidate who passes a general technical interview could be a potential culture fit for many companies. The fb discussion threads those posts initiated are gone, though. If this happened to me I'd be extremely upset: I've had many very good discussions on Facebook that it would hurt to lose. https://www.givewell.org/ > The hiding of URLs fits perfectly with AMPs preferred method of making sites fast, which is to host them directly on Google’s servers, and to serve them from a Google domain. Hiding the URL from the user then makes a Google AMP site indistinguishable from an ordinary site. Hiding URLs isn't necessary for sites hosted on the AMP cache to look just like other sites; Web Packaging will allow this while preserving the URL: https://www.ampproject.org/latest/blog/a-first-look-at-using... (Disclaimer: I work at Google) I was trying to explain why I don't think the people working on how URLs are being displayed in Chrome are doing it for the benefit of AMP. Did she buy something there with a credit card? That data is commonly resold. It it really that bad, with automated certificate issuing via Let's Encrypt? They have a summary chart: https://apps.npr.org/dailygraphics/graphics/free-college-com... It seems overly strict. For example, Maryland, Indiana, and Washington cover living costs and fees in addition to tuition for 4-year colleges, but they count it as not being "free college" because you can't use it to enroll half-time or as an adult. The author is mostly be optimizing for volume, and in a fully acoustic context I see why that's a goal. But there's an enormous amount of vioin performance that is either recorded or amplified, in which case volume doesn't matter much. I'd love to see someone optimize for tone quality and responsiveness at the expense of volume. > And a beautifully resonant, lush instrument that can't rise above the 2nd and 3rd chair instruments will be resigned to solo work, only. There are a lot of recording and amplified gigs, though, where relative volume doesn't matter much. For example, I play for dances with fiddlers, and the fiddle is always amplified. A more responsive fiddle, one that let you keep excellent tone while playing faster, or one with just better tone all around would would easily be worth accepting lower unamplified volume from. San Francisco is famous for its microclimates, where it can be sunny in one area but cold and foggy a short walk away. There are lots of agents where you can withdraw your money, plus many merchants will take MPESA directly. Dividing by the number of years is wrong in the other direction: most games will sell far more copies in year 1 than year 10. Restricting each to first-year sales would be a much more realistic adjustment. Telling them to call the customer service number on their credit card seems pretty good? This is also pretty practical in Boston. I'm at ~$350k (half salary, half stock, with a bit of bonus) as a T5 at Google Cambridge. I don't manage anyone, am not political, and have been programming professionally for ten years (at Google for five). Cost of living isn't ideal, but $350k is far more than me and my family (wife and two kids) need to live on. I've been donating 50% for several years, and we still are fine. (Cost of living details: https://www.jefftk.com/p/spending-update-2018 The big things are ~$50k on taxes, ~$33k on housing, and ~$20k on childcare.) For what it's worth, I see many posts at https://plus.google.com/+MichelPollet (Disclosure: I work at Google, on other things) > most payment networks charge the merchant, and through the elaborate tendrils of corporate ownership kick a proportionally smaller amount back to the customer. You can get cards with 2% cash back, and a typical merchant fee is 2.35%. The fee can be 15% to the credit card company and 85% to you. It effectively costs more, since you pay the same but don't get cash back. If I buy something for $100 cash it would have cost me $98 (after cash back) via credit card. I have 2% cash back on a regular MasterCard card: https://www.citi.com/credit-cards/credit-card-details/citi.a... Here's what I was remembering when I said 2.35% (though it's really 2.25% in their table) fees: https://www.againstmalaria.com/TransactionFees.aspx It's possible the fees vary by sector, though: https://www.mastercard.us/content/dam/mccom/en-us/documents/... > is the income distribution for SWEs becoming increasingly bimodal? Dan Luu has written some about this: https://danluu.com/bimodal-compensation/ The Axis-49 [1]. Ninety eight velocity sensitive keys in a hexagonal layout, ready to be remapped to Wicki-Hayden. I discovered them after they were discontinued and when a used one popped up after several years I bought it, but I'm really disappointed these didn't catch on. [1] https://www.c-thru-music.com/cgi/?page=prod_axis-49 > Have you become proficient with them? After about three weeks of playing around with mine I was better at playing melodies on it than I am at piano, and I've been playing piano for decades. https://youtu.be/3Qyg914392Q https://www.jefftk.com/jeff-band/marcell.mp3 >the quality of the hardware is really pretty poor (buttons get stuck as you press them) I haven't had that problem; hopeful that I don't! > the hexagonal layout does not really seem that easy to learn / operate Are you talking about the Harmonic Table layout that it ships with? I don't like that layout at all. I converted mine to Wicki-Hayden: https://www.jefftk.com/p/rearranging-axis-49-keys My understanding is that Google tries to pay towards the top of their local market, to get the best talent without diminishing returns. This means a lot of money in the Bay Area, but much less in, say, London, because the market for software engineers is so much weaker there. (I work at Google, in Boston, but don't know details about how comp is figured) Google pay is based on the market, not cost of living. So London is not nearly as good a place to be as the Bay, or even Pittsburgh (cheap housing, high programmer wages). I like how this works out with Boston pretty well! There are pressure relief valves, but they (a) can't handle that much overpressure and (b) many of them are located inside the houses (at the gas meter, which on many houses around here is still indoors). There is, in fact, a lot of internal outrage. I wouldn't call this cherry picking. (Source: I work there) Only if your sample is random, and my sample is mostly the Google Cambridge office. Here's my pay history: https://www.jefftk.com/money I can't tell whether you're getting serious, but I'm pretty sure most users would not prefer your change. It's so dense it's hard to read, and in a repetitive way. XOR masking is ridiculously cheap compared to doing anything over the network or running js in general. I think "why is everything slow" is actually a really important question, but I'm not sure it's primarily lots of "this is cheap compared to X" decisions. A big driver here I think is layers of abstractions and inner platforms. I check my email in by browser now, I used to use mutt. Webmail on top of JS on top of browser on top of OS (with several of those systems having their own layers and places that add latency) is great from a perspective of checking email from anywhere but it's a lot slower than C on the OS directly. I recently got into doing a lot of live music for dances on my mac, and I've ended up writing everything directly against CoreMIDI in C. Sure, it's would be more convenient to write in Python, but latency in music is even more painful than elsewhere. For me the camera is the main thing: smartphone cameras have been getting really good. Examples of my phones: 2017, Pixel 1: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2017/20171228_091058.jpg 2017, Galaxy S6: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2017/20170312_123314_030.jpg 2014, Moto X: https://www.jefftk.com/pictures/2014/stevie-lily-ball.jpg 2011, Galaxy SII: https://www.jefftk.com/images/2011/all/IMG_20120115_202514.j... Loft it: https://www.jefftk.com/p/lofted-grand-piano It kind of sounds like you're from Uber, but you're not giving an @uber.com address? David Roodman wrote an excellent 4-part analysis of risks from geomagnetic storms for the givewell blog: https://blog.givewell.org/tag/geomagnetic-storms/ > barely better than guessing randomly In the stock market something that is consistently better than guessing randomly is very valuable! You don't need much of an edge to make a lot of money. (I'm very skeptical about approaches like the OP though) > when you need fully up-to-date information on every query, no matter what This doesn't require something relational, just something centralized. And not even that; consider Spanner. > google sells your medical search history to your insurance company. Wait, what!? Where is this coming from? (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, and while I can't speak for the company this is very much not something I think we do.) I think you're much too optimistic about capitalone. They probably had a single point of failure, possibly one they didn't realize they had. $37k to the owner on $1M in revenue would be a profit margin of 3.7%. This looks higher than the average profit of ~2%. The $1M sales figure doesn't include the cost of what they're selling, their rent, or wages for their workers. [1] https://retailowner.com/Benchmarks/Food-and-Beverage-Stores/... While I don't know anything about fonts stuff, successful execution of the ad tag leads to an ad request, and this happens on every page view which has the script and not just the ones where the file has fallen out of cache. So there's no additional useful information Google would get from a low cache lifetime for the script. The script request is to a cookiless domain for performance, unlike the ad request, so there's not even much useful information on that request. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on ads JS, and I previously worked on mod_pagespeed. Not speaking for Google, just myself.) There are two main reasons why short caching is helpful on tag scripts: * Faster iteration time for developers: the more often you release updates the faster you can move. If your script has a one week cache lifetime then there's not much point in daily releases and any experiments you run will be really skewed. * Quicker response to problems: if we push out a bad update that gets past our testing, the TTL we serve it with determines how long that will stick around in browser caches. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on ads JS, and I previously worked on mod_pagespeed. Not speaking for Google, just myself.) > Fire has no boundaries and no preference for where it burns That's a weird thing to say: there are definitely places that are more fire prone than others. We should ban these kinds of deals at the national level. They're rational for companies, and rational for regions, but overall they allow extremely large companies to avoid paying their share of taxes. I would expect them to have problems over time with the wood-metal joints, since they respond to heat/humidity changes differently. This is often a problem with musical instruments. It looks like the "Oath" brand is going away, and they're going to use "Verizon Media Group": https://www.theverge.com/2018/11/5/18064172/verizon-oath-med... > What does the activity type "tilting" mean? "The device angle relative to gravity changed significantly." -- https://developers.google.com/android/reference/com/google/a... > One, gzip affects download speed, but not JS evaluation and compilation They measured scripting time directly, which is a much better measurement than uncompressed bytes. > Two, it makes the libraries seem much smaller than they actually are Would you prefer they gave unminified sizes as well? The gzipped size of a library lets us predict how long it will take to download, and how much that will cost for users. > I don't know how houses can be cheaper. Houses can be cheaper if we allow building more of them. Right now supply is heavily constrained by zoning and density limits. We should auction these spots off, so the companies which get the most economic value from bringing people in can do so. I like implementing this by ordering applications by salary, but you could also have some part go to the government. What design choices mean third party Android browsers can do JIT but third party iPhone ones can't? It's good news environmentally. The more expensive gas is the less we burn. Building a browser that supported only AMP would be one way to do this and have a significant number of pages you could handle. (Disclosure: I work for Google on AMP ads. I also know how much people here dislike AMP, so this is not entirely serious.) It could be done entirely without external requests: the browser would be an amp interpreter, no need for the amp js as all. The hardest part is that amp probably isn't restrictive enough: you can still use a very large subset of HTML and CSS. > It’s worth noting that if you shoot a cannonball dead horizontally, it hits the ground at the same time as it would if dropped from the same height I think this is assuming the ground is flat, which isn't a good assumption when talking about orbits. > Probably enough HTML for tracking though right? I'm not sure what you mean? For what it's worth, I run a/b tests in my work where I consistently see large caching effects. For example, when we compare an experimental version of something to the currently deployed version it's critical that we cache-bust the control group. And changes that improve caching generally make things significantly better. Caching effects are much smaller on Safari with its per-domain cache, but even there if something broke caching for us it would be a high priority to fix. (I work at Google on ad tags) > something they could do as a reward for all pages that have a reduced page weight This would leak information to sites that came up in your search results but you didn't visit. Webpackages should make it be possible to safely prerender sites without AMP though: https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-webpackage-u... (Disclosure: I work at Google, on making ads AMP so they don't get to run arbitrary JS anymore) I think that's what they're trying to get at with "preference", but I agree that word's connotations are a bit too weak. You could define a macro NOTNULL for this, to make it clearer to readers. void foo(char bar[static 1]) vs void foo(NOTNULL(char* bar)) Though I'm not sure whether this can be expressed as a macro, since you need to remove the "*"? For what it's worth, lisper has been on HN for 10+ years, has 30k+ karma, and is clearly not a shill. (Disclosure: I have a friend at Triplebyte) Around here (Boston) roofs tend to have a lot of obstructions: dormers, skylights, chimneys, vent pipes. They're also typically very steep (1:1) so North-facing isn't an option. Then you lose some space due to shading from trees and other houses. When we got solar there was only room for panels covering 1/4 of our electricity usage. > Covering a skylight with solar is a net energy win, as would taking down the tree(s). Solar isn't the only thing people are optimizing for -- skylights and trees are pleasant. The trees also aren't on our property, and even if you removed all the parts over our property our east-facing roof area would still be completely shaded. > Trees are also going to block the front of your building even more than the southern facing roof. It depends on the situation. Our roof is East-West with a big Gable dormer halfway along the West side. The East side is fully shaded by a tree, as is the back of the West side, but the front of the West side and the South facing side of the dormer get good sun (and now have solar). Our house faces the street, and there aren't trees in front of our house, so front-facing solar would work well if that was a thing people did. > Getting shade from other buildings on your roof is also unusual for 2 story buildings. I agree it's unusual in general, but houses here are close enough together that some roof shading is the most common situation. Specifically: * Size A: inside diameter ~21.0mm (mainly American cars) * Size B: inside diameter ~21.5mm (mainly European cars) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigarette_lighter_receptacle Maybe the compass gives you noisy absolute information which is ok, but combined with accurate relative information from the gyroscope and accelerometer is better? per kid (in MA, at least) If scripts are disabled AMP uses to skip the 8s timeout, and renders quickly. The OP is getting slow loads because they're (a) silently blocking the AMP JS and (b) not running the section. (Disclosure: I work on AMP ads on non-AMP pages, which I like because it means the ads are declarative) If you turn off all scripts AMP has a block that disables the 8s timeout. The OP is blocking only external scripts, which not surprisingly looks a lot like a very bad network connection. (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads be AMP) > Why 8s though? That’s well into “give up on loading this page, close the tab and try somewhere else” territory. That 8s timeout is for loading the AMP JS from the CDN. You want a time limit that separates "you're on a slow connection, keep waiting" and "just give up, it's not worth it". I suspect it was set by looking at network graphs, but I don't know. What the OP is doing, blocking JS and also ignoring , is bizarre, and something you should expect to break sites. > Perhaps a better option is finding ways to prevent content jumping around so much while assets are loading. AMP does that very well, but only by taking control of the process of rendering, which requires JS. (Disclosure: I work on making ads be AMP.) If black-tea had a good connection at a time when the rest of us were on dial-up, and all the sites were coded expecting dial-up, they may well have seen excellent load times! (But yeah, I remember the internet being super slow. JPEGs coming down scanline-by-scanline.) Have you tried to do this? At any substantial volume? If you serve ads completely statically you're going to have massive fraud issues. Distinguishing real views or clicks from fake ones is an arms race, and it's one you have no hope of winning without JS. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, but I don't know much about how our spam detection works and I couldn't talk about it if I did.) > There's no need for a weird problematic proprietary format. The reason we need AMP now is that you can't otherwise preload a page in a privacy-preserving way. Webpackaging will allow doing this without AMP though: https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/blob/master/explainer.md (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads be AMP.) Google is one of the main groups working on it. For example, the draft https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-yasskin-dispatch-web-packa... is by a Google employee. The Gwern post is better: it starts by linking, quoting, and summarizing the Spolsky post, but then goes on to give many more examples. Around here (Boston) there are many roads with both a name and a number. Route 16 is the Mystic Valley Parkway, and then later on that splits off and 16 is the Alewife Brook Parkway. Or, Route 60 is also High Street, at least by us. For these two think we use the number a bit more, but the name is also used. Other roads, like Route 2 are called that in some sections but not others (no one would call Memorial Drive "Route 2"). Even the interstates have names that no one would use: Route 128 is the "Yankee Division Highway", but everyone says 128 (or maybe 95). And some interstates have names people do use: the Mass Pike (Massachusetts Turnpike) can be called "90" but generally isn't. Overall, this is complicated and it's not surprising to me that it's hard to get a computer to do the right thing. > all the major Motorways are like this, there is no "name" for the M25, it's just the M25 You're right for practical purposes, but they do often technically have names. The M25 is the "London Orbital Motorway": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M25_motorway Later on in the article they describe a revised solution that doesn't do that: > Poettering came up with a scheme that alleviated most of the problems that were identified. He proposed that a "countme" flag simply be added to a single mirror-list query each week. The sum of all such queries over a week's time should provide an accurate estimate of the number of Fedora systems. That way, UUIDs need not be stored, which removes much of the concern—data that is not stored cannot be misused. It's fast, but for a simple site like this I suspect plain HTML + cacheable CSS would be just as fast. My experience buying off-brand Cheerios is that the texture is very different: much crunchier. They're one of the few products where I don't just buy the cheap store brand version. The 1/4" audio jack goes back to about 1878: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phone_connector_(audio) Making donations through services that waive processing fees for the merchant is another good way to do this. For example, PayPal's Giving Fund or Facebook Payments. (But only for donations you're making anyway, and only when fees really are waived.) Have you tried to get a group to consensus in an area where there isn't any lobbying or manipulation? People have lots of different ideas about how to do things, informed by different life experiences. Political disagreement predates lobbying and campaigns by millennia. The US, especially liberal arts colleges, is pretty wary of premature specialization. A common thing here is that you apply to a university, take classes in a range of departments, and then by the end of sophomore year (two of four) you decide on a major. I went to Swarthmore (referenced in the article) before CS enrollment surged (www.swarthmore.edu/computer-science/alumni) and there were some people in my CS classes who decided to start on a CS major their junior (year 3 of 4) fall. How many computer science classes are needed for your degree? I believe when I was in college it was 9 classes (each one being one semester, about half a year). I took more than that, because I liked it, but many CS students just took the minimum. (This doesn't count requirements outside the CS department, like math, or other graduation requirements like "some total number of classes, at least three humanities classes, at least three social science classes" etc.) > my goal is that even this should not need to exist: websites that genuinely load fast on their own, comparable to downloading the webpackage, should be ranked as high as AMP websites. My understanding is this is also Malte's goal, and the goal of the Google Search folks. We need a way that Search can know that a website (a) will perform well and (b) can be preloaded in a privacy preserving manner. Right now only AMP can do this, but with Web Packages people will be able to do this without AMP. Once you can get (a) and (b) without AMP I will be super surprised if Search still prioritizes AMP. (Disclosure: I work at Google, on making ads AMP so they don't get to run any custom JS. Speaking only for myself, not the company.) Why don't we auction off H1B slots, either directly (government gets the money) or via the companies offering the highest comp getting to bring people in? You could also do some combination of the two. > I don’t want web packages, nor AMP, how do I get the ranking bonus and lightning bolt icon with my website (which has Google Pagespeed of 100 and Chrome Lighthouse Pagespeed of over 95)? First, those metrics say how well optimized your site is, not how long it takes to load. For example, a tiny site that's text and a single poorly compressed image might load in 500ms but get a low score, while a large site that loads in 5s can still get a perfect score if everything is delivered in a completely optimized way. These are metrics designed for a person who is in a position to optimize a site, but not necessarily in a position to change the way the site looks. When speed is used as a ranking signal [1][2] Google isn't using metrics about optimization level, it's using actual speed. But ok, metrics etc aside, Google could switch to using loading speed instead of AMP to determine whether a page is eligible for the carousel at the top, and whether to show the bolt icon. But AMP means a page can be preloaded without letting publishers know that they appeared in your results page. You can't just turn on preloading without solving this somehow. AMP is kind of a hacky way to do this, and I'm really looking forward to WebPackages allowing preloading for any site in a clean standard way. > With web packages or AMP, if I navigate from Google Search to Page A, and then from Page A to Page B, Google can see that I went to page B. No, web packages don't allow this, what makes you think they do? (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads AMP so they don't get to run custom JS. Previously I worked on mod_pagespeed which automatically optimizes pages to load faster and use less bandwidth. Speaking for myself and not the company.) [1] https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2010/04/using-site-speed-i... [2] https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2018/01/using-page-speed-i... > What I know I care a lot about is when a tab I haven't looked at in three days is suddenly using CPU time _at all_. Just make it so background tabs get severely limited in their ability to do background execution and eventually get stopped entirely, and the problem is essentially solved. Chrome does throttle background tabs: https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/03/background... It doesn't throttle them all the way to zero, though. If they did that they'd break things like sites that change their favicon to signal "unread message". (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not on Chrome) > My feeling is that every vehicle other than delivery trucks should be banned from the city. There is no compelling reason for anyone to drive in Manhattan. I recently played for a contra dance in Manhattan. My band members and I drove in a small car, with a sound system, keyboard, and other instruments. I would have been happy to pay some sort of toll/charge/fee/tax but any other way of getting our equipment to and from the gig would be far more expensive and a lot of a hassle. (My family doesn't have a car, and I commute to work on the subway) Sort of, but it's not registered as "commercial", driven by a professional, or anything else people would normally think of as a "delivery" vehicle. Like, if you call any vehicle that moves things from place to place a delivery vehicle then everyone who drives to the grocery store to buy milk is operating a delivery vehicle. The browser doesn't know the image is a GIF (content-type header) until after it starts getting bytes back. At that point the only way (pre HTTP/2) to stop the bytes is to close the connection, but this is terrible for performance because you lose keepalive and need to open a new connection. If this was common, sites could also serve GIFs with an the content-type of a different image. Since browsers content-sniff between image formats, if the GIF was served as image/png then it wouldn't be until the image finished downloading that the browser would learn it was a GIF. That will match images whose name ends in "gif", but won't match "/foo.GIF" or simply a "/foo" that is a GIF. You can't tell what content type the server thinks the image is until you get the content-type header, and you can't tell what it actually is until it's been downloaded. To extend the analogy, I would like to have the option to go to a restaurant (site) order a salad (visit a page) and have that come the way the chef (developer) intended, with cheese (autoplay video). If I don't like this developer or restaurant's judgement I can eat somewhere else. (Or, in the web case, install an extension that blocks autoplay video.) This sounds like excellent practice compared to something where much more of your time is in level flight. Safari shards their cache by first party domain, so you don't get that caching benefit there. It's a privacy thing. I expect we'll see Firefox and Chrome sharding cache as well. If you want to proxy your HTTPS traffic you add a local CA, and Chrome does not apply certificate pinning. Pinning is only for certs that chain back to the default CAs, specifically so people who need to proxy can do so. (Disclosure: I work for Google, though not on Chrome) You can do this today with CSPs, but page authors aren't interested. This rule would entail "run away from HN" (along with most of the rest of the internet) > indistinguishable from a Markov chain generator A Markov chain generator wouldn't: * Capitalize the first word of each line * Make lines of approximately the right length * Mark text with who is to speak it While this is just a toy example, it's powerful enough to start showing the ways RNNs can produce text that looks superficially correct. (Generating Shakespeare is actually one of the examples given in the classic http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/ ) Doesn't Spanner support ACID transactions? (Disclosure: I work for Google) Typically you just stop including the build time. It's a deterministic build, so why would the build time matter? > There's no point to client-side JavaScript: The baddies just write JavaScript that rewrites basic objects using Object.defineProperty so that document.visibilityState always says so (and so on), or that lie to the visibility sensor. Or they just make a whole fake web browser that runs on a Server. You are in an arms-race, and verification companies simply can't/don't do a very good job. I agree it's an arms race, but why do you think it favors the attacker? Bot/spam detection is incredibly important, and the folks I've worked with in spam detection are really good at what they do. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google, though not in spam. Speaking only for myself.) > You can't use ReCaptcha (or any captcha) for ads. Captchas work because they prevent access to content users want until they solve the captcha. If you've used ReCaptcha in the past few years [1] you might have noticed it often doesn't ask you to solve a captcha. The parent is describing using a similar approach of detecting bots to identify ad impressions that shouldn't be counted (spam). [1] https://security.googleblog.com/2014/12/are-you-robot-introd... (Disclosure: I work at Google in ads, though not in spam.) > Go does not scale well What do you mean? I've seen huge services built in Go handling an enormous amount of traffic. (Disclosure: I work at Google, primarily in C++ and JS) I've read a lot of Java, C++, and Python code at work and some Go, and verbosity I've seen is Java > C++ > Go > Python. > Who you are now is very different than who you were 10 years ago nit: G+ is only seven years old (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not on Plus) You can get half of the buyer's commission back as a rebate if you work with Redfin. (That's what we did when we bought our house in 2015) > It seems pretty simple to audit your 10,000 largest ad-spend domains and check to see if they're actually just ad fraud. You'd need maybe 300 person-hours to do so, at an overhead-in cost of, let's high-ball it, 100$/hr, which puts you at a cost of $30,000. You're figuring 10k domains in 300 hours, or 1.8min per domain. It's way more expensive than this, and it's an adversarial system. If you have rules about how spammy a site can be and still show your ads many sites are going to try and get as close to the boundary as possible without going over. This means it takes substantial effort to figure out which side of it they're on. Then, the spammier sites run many different domains with multiple accounts, which means they're not that likely to show up as top domains. Spammy sites also can "cloak" so they show up one way to a reviewer at the ad network and another way to a real site visitor. Manual inspection is definitely a valuable tool, and is something that ad networks use, but that a process like you described would catch 99% of fraud is massively optimistic. (Disclosure: I work at Google on ad stuff, but not this sort of ad stuff. Speaking for myself and not the company.) Unfortunately it's much more likely that this person happened to get better for unrelated reasons than because this medication cured them. Likely enough that it's not worth looking into unless this is a condition that effectively no one recovers from. > We have active fraudsters at the top of the iOS and Play stores. The issue isn't that you don't know how best to cast the net to grab everyone. It's that you don't cast it at all to grab anyone. What apps are you thinking of? My guess is that they're apps that are being really careful to stay just inside the bounds of the store policies. > That's not an excuse to do nothing. I'm confused why you think ad networks are doing nothing? > the dichotomy being pushed here is that the difficulty underlies a need for illegal anti-competitive behavior. I wasn't trying to defend that. I just saw your "it's pretty simple to..." and as someone close to the issue wanted to explain ways it's not that simple. Several people have suggested using a safeword for this. Something like: "I'm going to tickle you, even if you say 'no stop', but if you say 'potato' I'll stop right away". I think this is something my kids would have done well with, though now they're just used to my taking their explicit "no"s literally. > why does a banner need to be anything more than an image? Because of exactly situations like this! Say you're an advertiser and you make an image banner. You make a deal with an ad network to show your ad on some pages. Some site makes a deal with the same ad network to show ads on its pages. Your ad is on the publisher page, users are seeing it, everything is good. Now a scummy publisher signs up with this ad network, and sets the ads to display underneath something else. If the ads are just simple images and nothing more, there isn't a way for the advertiser or the ad network to tell that they're being scammed. (Disclosure: I work at Google on making ads declarative so they don't get to do this sort of thing. Speaking for myself and not the company.) In general, ads get to run arbitrary javascript. This is terrible, because once you open the door to a programming language people can pull in anything. Automated and manual review can help, but it's hard to stop technically. I'm currently working on making ads declarative [1] so they don't get to do this anymore. [1] Specifically, AMP Inabox, which is AMP ads on non-AMP pages: https://www.ampproject.org/docs/ads/amphtml_ads There aren't too many people, just not enough housing. If we allowed denser housing, especially near where people work, we could bring down housing costs massively while reducing commutes. > even sending your URL data to Google "Each site you visit is checked against the Safe Browsing list on your system. If there's a match, your browser sends Google a hashed, partial copy of the site’s URL so that Google can send more information to your browser. Google cannot determine the real URL from this information." -- https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/privacy/#safe-browsing... There's no way Firefox would be ok with sending all their user's visited URLs to Google. (Disclosure: I work at Google) Firefox docs are on https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Safe_Browsing and offer a range of config knobs. It varies by country. Siri has a male voice in the UK. Right, but US iPhones come with a female voice by default, while British ones come set to a male voice. Southwest and American did, but not United: Of the three US airlines that have Boeing 737 Max 8 and 9 jets in their fleet, only two — American and Southwest — paid for these upgrades, the Times confirmed. A United Airlines spokesperson told the Times that its jets don’t include these upgrades because its pilots use other data to fly their planes.) https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2019/3/22/18277694/boeing-737-... I think "other data" means "not those particular two optional lights that let you know when there are angle of attack issues". But yeah, I think it's spin. Learning from other people's mistakes is OCD? Why are you figuring 33% on $30? Standard deduction is $12k, then it's 10-12% federal tax on the rest. A bit for state tax, sure, but it's going to be well less than 33%. (Still hard to make ends meet on $30k, not disagreeing there.) mikeash was talking about US citizens; Paracha is Pakistani. Very curious whether the additional Brazilian MCAS training would have helped, given how strange its behavior appears in practice. C-thru Axis-49. Velocity sensitive hexagonal midi keyboard. Came out just before Kickstarter, and had early issues since a lot of their preorders fell through. Also shipped with the awful Harmonic Table layout, and needed manual conversion to Wicki-Hayden. But it's an amazing instrument, with everything right under your fingers. > In the coming months, we will start testing these protections with small groups of users and will continue to work with Disconnect to improve and expand the set of domains blocked by Firefox. We plan to enable these protections by default for all Firefox users in a future release. Default settings can move the industry in a way that opt-in things like uMatrix generally don't. (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google) > In the coming months, we will start testing these protections with small groups of users and will continue to work with Disconnect to improve and expand the set of domains blocked by Firefox. We plan to enable these protections by default for all Firefox users in a future release. While lots of people here already have uMatrix or other blockers running, blocking fingerprinting and cryptomining domains by default would be a big step! (Disclosure: I work on ads at Google.) > Why the disclosure? Are you saying this in a personal capacity or is this the stance of Google Ads team? I'm commenting as myself, and not for the company. But my perception is likely colored by working for an ads company and it seems fair to let people know that. > Like, hey we love and embrace any technology that fights our team's fingerprinting efforts... While I don't know for certain, I don't believe Google Ads uses fingerprinting. Firefox/Disconnect doesn't seem to think so either, since Google ad domains are on the "Google" list but not the "Fingerprinting" list: https://github.com/mozilla-services/shavar-prod-lists/blob/7... The two main ways ads have of tracking users are: * Cookies: ads ask the browser to store something, later they can ask what the stored value is. * Fingerprinting: ads collect enough information about the browser that they can distinguish it from other users' browsers. While cookies aren't ideal, I think an ad industry that uses them is a lot better than one that uses fingerprinting. The key differences are user control and visibility. If you clear your browsing history, or close an incognito tab, your cookies are gone but your fingerprint is unchanged. Similarly, you can see who's setting cookies but you have no idea who is trying to fingerprint you. That is exactly what AMP is attempting to be. It's a subset of HTML and CSS which guarantees that the site can be preloaded in a privacy-preserving way. There are a lot of things sites want to do that can't be done in pure HTML and CSS and allowing full use of JS would be incompatible with this goal, so that gap is filled with open source libraries. (Disclosure: I work at Google on Ads, and I work with the AMP folks a bunch. Speaking for myself, not the company.) > In the real world, they, like Azure and Amazon, will have single point in time outages that will wipe that out for a year or more. An outage affects availability, but as long as it's not permanent it doesn't affect durability. For example, if I add a new backup provider that stores data on-premise I've added a (nearly) independent data store. This substantially decreases my risk of losing my data unrecoverably (increases durability) but if I don't set up any sort of automatic failover I'm still at risk for substantial outages (no practical increase in availability). For example, I don't believe Amazon has ever lost any S3 data ( https://www.quora.com/Has-Amazon-S3-ever-lost-data-permanent... ), and if they did it would be a big deal. Same with the other major cloud storage providers. > Someone on the marketing side of the team decided that was a "competitive" number to present, outwards, and someone in engineering was tasked with, working backward from that number, coming up with some plausible calculation that resulted in it. I would be incredibly surprised if that happened. That's not the way I've seen anyone work here. (Disclosure: I work at Google, though not in Cloud) PageSpeed and Lighthouse measure the site load mark you down for things it thinks you could fix. For a head to head comparison like this WebPageTest is often a better tool: non-amp: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190411_1B_7c5b8e0d2f067ad... amp: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190411_RF_776066ee3b0226f... Your site does pretty similarly with non-AMP and AMP. On the median of 9 runs PLT and fully loaded time are better on AMP, but speed index and time to interactive are better on non-AMP. Digging into it more, the time difference is completely due to how long it takes your site to serve HTML, and the biggest thing you could do to speed your site up would be making the server return the HTML sooner, perhaps by adding a cache. Testing with curl, your site takes 880ms on average to serve non-AMP, but 1120ms to serve non-AMP. Graph: https://i.imgur.com/BlWqSoo.png That's not an AMP thing, that's a your-serving-stack thing. (Disclosure: I work at Google, and used to work on mod_pagespeed) For the curl testing I did: for prefix in article amp/article; do echo $(for i in {1..9} ; do (time curl -sS https://unlikekinds.com/$prefix/google-amp-page-speed > \ /dev/null) 2>&1 | grep real | awk '{print $2}' done) done Do you see the same results? I shouldn't have focused so much on the difference between the AMP and non-AMP times, though. The main thing I wanted to point out is that if your server is taking almost a second to return html there's a lot you could do to improve pageloads right there. If you put varnish or something in front of rails to cache your responses you could probably cut 400-600ms off your loading time. Industrial carbon sequestration costs about $150/ton, so that's ~$3,000 to fully eliminate your carbon footprint. Yes, that's substantial, but it's also not like we would have to got to a subsistence farming standard of living in order to stop contributing to climate change. (Offsets via getting others to stop emitting carbon, like methane capture on farms, are a lot cheaper but harder to be sure of the counterfactual impact.) The examples in the article are: * "X, 23, from Sydney's inner west graduated with a bachelor of creative arts in film and television production from a private college in 2016. She wants to be a film director and actor." * "Y, 23, studied journalism at the University of Wollongong and was warned it would be tough to get a job." * "Z graduated with a degree in social research and policy from the University of NSW in last year said it took her a year to find a project management job." None of these sound like STEM to me? > 10% (Firefox market share) Market share, across all platforms, is closer to: * Chrome: 60% * Safari 20% * Firefox: 5% * IE: 5% * Edge: 2% * Other: 8% If you just mean desktop, though, then yes Firefox is about 10%. But mobile web is serious traffic these days. > How do you properly measure page load time (of real pages over the internet) anyway? I usually use webpagetest.org, which lets you run page loads in instrumented browsers. "Cowboy" is one person taking shortcuts to get things done but in a risky way. This was Boeing optimizing very hard at "how do we get better fuel economy while keeping the same type rating". In general, I'm totally in favor of them doing this sort of optimization, since pilot training is legitimately a big expense. (In this case it clearly went wrong, both in that MCAS was an unsafe design and that the FAA should not have allowed it to keep the same type rating.) It sounds to me like you're talking about the grey bar at the top of pages served from the AMP cache? This change is about using Web Packaging to remove that bar. (Disclosure: I work at Google) > as if the lift of transforming HTML into AMP HTML wasn't already big enough for your average web site owner, implementing signed exchanges will be over the head of 99% of the folks building web pages on the Web Converting web pages into AMP isn't something you can automate, but supporting signed exchanges is. You need certificate authorities to support the flag and web servers support the protocol, but if this catches on then the only thing you'll need from the site owner is the decision on whether to allow it. (Disclosure: I work for Google) > If, as you say, DNS can be spoofed easily - I can easily get a certificate issued with the required extension and make a "cryptographically signed package". Spoofing DNS to clients is much easier than spoofing DNS to certificate authorities. Otherwise domain-validated HTTPS certs wouldn't mean much. > I hope this never comes to something like Let's Encrypt, so the vast majority of developers can never use this. Let's Encrypt's response: I think it’s likely too early in this draft’s development for Let’s Encrypt to prioritize implementation. It looks like it has a ways to go within the IETF before it would be an internet standard. https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/cansignhttpexchanges-ext... AMP has a lot of things all together, some of which I like: * I like that when AMP is used for ads then the ads are fully declarative. Advertisers getting to run custom javascript, even in a cross-domain iframe, isn't great. * I like that AMP allows sites (currently primarily search engines) to trigger preloading in a way that doesn't leak information to the site that is being preloaded. * I like the way things like "sorry AMP only allows us to use 50k of CSS" can give developers leverage to push back against bad site designs. * I like that it centralizes some measurements: instead of every ad provider using their own custom polling system to determine if the ad is on screen they can all subscribe to events triggered by a single well written system. This doesn't affect the amount of tracking (there's lots either way) but it makes it hurt the user experience less. On the other hand, I don't like that: * AMP uses a ton of JS, and if all you want is a simple website it's going to slow things down in the non-preloaded case. For example, taking a random post on my site ( https://www.jefftk.com/p/trycontra-implementation and https://www.jefftk.com/p/trycontra-implementation.amp ) I see a median speed index of 1.611s on non-AMP but 2.051s on AMP: https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190417_XB_22673cb98ce390a... https://www.webpagetest.org/result/190417_PS_1a60378762d87fb... * A lot of people that don't want to implement AMP are doing it because then they get more search traffic. I understand how there isn't currently a non-AMP way of doing preloading in a way that doesn't leak information to the site (see above) but I think Web Packaging should be extended to support this in the general case and allow publishers to use AMP only if they want to. * The interaction between AMP and content blockers isn't great. If you have a content blocker set to allow some JS but not all (for example, no third party JS) then it's not going to run the AMP JS or the contents of the block, and AMP pages will render with 8s of white screen before the CSS times out. This is a pain, but I'm not sure what the right way to fix it would be. (I wish content blockers were smart enough to figure out which tags to run, but that's probably asking too much.) If you wanted to expand on how AMP seems like an attempt at a walled garden I would be interested in reading it; I haven't previously read any explanations that made sense. > Do you trust google to treat non-AMP pages the same as AMP pages? Google clearly doesn't treat AMP and non-AMP pages the same way: only AMP pages are eligible for the carousel in Google search, and there's a little icon. Once there's a way for non-AMP pages be safely preloaded I would be very surprised if Google search didn't start doing that, though. (Speaking only for myself, not the company.) > have no way of getting out I believe if you refresh the page it triggers a request to the original site, which will probably then choose to give you the non-AMP version of the site. It sounds like you're probably running something that blocks 3rd-party JS and also doesn't execute blocks. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19680033 I'm sure Facebook has had bugs that broke various forms of data collection, or missed data they could have collected. We wouldn't hear about it, but it would be surprising if it hadn't happened. > indoor plumbing is less than 100 years old Huh? The house I grew up in was built in 1895 and had plumbing from the start. It looks like rich people started getting indoor plumbing in the early 1800s (the White House got it in 1833) and it was widespread in new construction by the end of the century. The ping attribute replaces redirects and JavaScript that already allow (and are very widely used for) less performant ways of doing exactly the same tracking. An explicit ping attribute makes it easier for content blockers; with a redirect there's nothing you can do but with a declarative attribute it's clear what to block. This seems very clearly better to me. This isn't a new feature; it was added in Chrome 15 and Safari 6. https://caniuse.com/#feat=ping How would you want this to work? The alternatives to Sphinx I've used (Javadoc, Doxygen) more or less work the same way. A better way to estimate annual costs that includes the value of your time would be to look at the cost of hiring property managers. This gets you an apples to apples comparison with stocks/bonds. The "trespassing upon a privately-owned vehicle" seems pretty relevant, and I doubt it would apply to reading the plate. I also interview software engineering candidates at Google (n=150) and while I mostly agree, I do think there's some signal in whether a candidate can get the syntax right. It's not a dealbreaker if they don't, but all things considered someone who comfortably writes code all day is more likely to be able to write syntactically correct code than someone who doesn't. The main things I want to see, though, are: can you communicate well about the parts of the problem that aren't clear to you? Can you analyze and compare solutions? Can you figure out something reasonably efficient? Do you understand your solution well enough to code it? (Speaking for myself, not my employer.) Again, I don't think this is the only signal, or the most important signal, but there's still signal there. Imagine I get two data science candidates who seem basically the same and say they work in SQL daily. One of them can comfortably write out a JOIN with a GROUP BY and an ORDER BY when the problem calls for it, the other struggles and makes a lot of errors. I'm going to guess that the former is better at SQL, acknowledging that this is an imperfect proxy. I'm also not nearly as picky as a compiler/interpreter. I can tell what you're trying to write, and lots of people make silly mistakes. But a high volume of mistakes, or especially difficulty getting anything substantial out at all, those start to make me worry. I don't know the other genres well enough to evaluate them, but the bluegrass one ( https://soundcloud.com/openai_audio/genre-bluegrass ) is pretty bizarre: * Who uses piano as the lead instrument in bluegrass? * They're only using one one note velocity for the whole piece, which misses a huge wealth of variation through rhythmic accent. * Timing generally feels a bit robotic? * The best parts it sounds kind of ok but boring; in bad parts it sounds like nothing ( https://soundcloud.com/openai_audio/gaga-beatles is even worse that way) * A lot of the artificiality seems to be the synth they're using. * On the other hand it does understand a bit about phrasing and repetition, which many people new to traditional music take a long time to pick up. >It's midi. It's meant to be notation, not a realistic composition. MIDI certainly can represent realistic compositions, when used with good synths, though I agree it's not what it's known for! > I suppose the background "machine gun" piano notes would be a bassy synth combined with 90s electronic music drums. Uh, what sort of bluegrass music do you listen to and where can I find some of it? I remember buying a Matrox dual-head used around 2003 and being incredibly excited putting it into a frankentower alongside the integrated graphics and an old VGA card, giving me two "high resolution" monitors and two peripheral ones: https://www.jefftk.com/college-multihead-linux.jpg The card wasn't well supported by Gentoo, and every time I rebuilt the kernel, which was surprisingly often, there was an awkward manual step involving copying over something for the HAL. EDIT: found the docs -- https://forums.gentoo.org/viewtopic-t-60278-start-0.html In the US a big factor is the very high sugar tariff. So I'm not convinced that taking all the fingers off the scale would make for much healthier! For what it's worth it's even worse than this, since I count 629 references to other IRS publications in that guide. They're in the process of being merged: https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/23/17386752/youtube-music-up... A subpoena for something someone deleted would be a good way to find out. My prediction is that for something deleted, say, six months ago, the subpoena would come back empty. (Disclosure: I work for Google, though not on anything like this. Speaking only for myself, not the company.) The standard way to delete things from cold storage is to encrypt each piece with keys that you can more easily to delete. You can also, of course, read in the data, rewrite it with the deleted portion removed, and write it out again. (Disclosure: I work at Google, though I don't know anything about how Google handles this) IP address geolocation is the normal way people determine if GDPR applies.