This is like saying, "The police could get a warrant for your house anyway. I don't see why people get mad when they just walk in." The other agencies could get FinCEN data. They just had to show cause for it. I support a skills based test like LSAT for voting. It would be much less susceptible to manipulation and op-ed than knowledge-based voting. Sure, I think someone should know the Constitution to vote, but what if someone thinks I should know the Earth is 10,000 years old? On the other hand, a test like LSAT that proves you can figure out logical fallacies would mean the stupidest of the stupid don't get to affect my life. I'm not familiar with this kind of event, but are there not usually badges that designate different kinds of participants? The writer could have a "attendee" badge, while advertisers and pushers would have a different color/label on their badge. Some have suggested that DNS move to TCP, but I don't think that's proper. The nature of DNS lends itself to connectionless, lightweight communication. That said, could the next iteration of DNS implement application-level handshaking? The reason not to do this at layer 4 is because I, in the several minutes of pondering it, think it could break lots of security devices that track connection state across lots of computers in a network. Make some kind of C -> S request C S yes C S request C S no done I agree with the parent poster that package management and graphical environments on FreeBSD is NOT very easy compared to Ubuntu, for example. pkgng supposedly brings FreeBSD's package system close to Debian's which would be a great advance. I almost wonder why they didn't port Debian's system over completely. Is it a GPL thing, or did they do apt-get better? Android 4.0 on HTC/Virgin Mobile doesn't have the option. Well, the author was making a point about the way people interact with their omnipresent tweetdeck/camera device. He was painting a picture for the sake of making a point, not for the sake of "hey, I'm in Singapore". I am likely preaching to the choir here, but the following is true. If you don't like this 'externalization' discussed by the author, try this: Keep your phone off of your body more often. Going to get a haircut, or go to the mall for an hour? Leave the phone in the car. It is really freeing; you do not realize the subtle impact of that phone/pager/digital watch constantly on the verge of maybe someone messaging you. Try it out once or twice, especially if it sounds like it'd be tough. I understand how IMAPS, SMTPS, and SSL work. Not clear text... Kind of like the OP that suggests the same of driving. No one here seems to have mentioned the reason this law is still bad, even if it doesn't apply to personal accounts. Passwords authenticate you as you. It's preached constantly to people that they DO NOT GIVE PASSWORDS for others to use on their behalf! Even in IT, where people tend to know the implications, the trend is away from common accounts for work and toward individual admin accounts to increase accountability. If I, for some over riding reason, NEEDED to give a coworker my password for an operational emergency, I would change it as soon as possible. I would never give it to anyone at my company for records keeping or access. And firearms/firearm accessories stores around the world shrugged. Why are they always foreign? y cant they type normally lol Heh, downvoted. It is a legitimate question. It's rare to see well spoken spammers with proper grammar when interacting with them like this. You made it a semantic debate. "Don't use crypto." - you "That's terrible advice, we need crypto for x,y,z" "I don't really mean don't use crypto" "You just said that!" "You're just talking semantics." Well said; thank you. I suppose it's a confirmation bias: the most immediately noticeable spam is that with poor grammar, thus it's most easily identified with spam. I've been exposed to what bank fraud and phishing scams can be like, and the craft is really amazing. Not a big fan of on-the-job training, then? Instead of paying a nominal price for people relearning some primitives for a specialized area of IT/software dev, nowadays most companies want the new kids to go to $80,000 worth of college for the same. That way, the employer gets to skip training, and the student is less likely to leave because he or she has too much damned debt to be mobile. Maybe I'm projecting. cron is used on almost every production linux/BSD box on my team, and I'm sure there are many others who are similar. How many business workstations run Linux? How many enterprise mailservers run Postfix? How many governments have /actually/ switched to LibreOffice? Translated: >If I wanted to know what the major cybersec/surveillence stories were in the country with defacto control of a large portion of the world's internet, a hotbed of technological innovation, and the home country of this website, I'd turn to one of the least reputable news sources in that country. >Since its early days, Couchsurfing has had a gender imbalance, with more male members then females one. But it was not really an issue then, and more a reflection on the fact that men, unfortunately, have more freedom to travel then women. That phrase strikes me as odd. I would think it's because it's safer for men to travel alone than for women, not for some direct limit on their freedoms. why is mysql query bad? as someone who knows sql, I've always loathed over abstracted mechanisms for db calls. its also been a while since I've done web dev. Inherent in getting shadowbanned is not knowing or understanding why it occurred. My previous account had almost a thousand points, and though I made the occasional drunk rant, they were rightfully downvoted. To take away someone's voice, who clearly isn't a spammer, without them knowing, is a shitty thing to do. Ooooo, yea, you lost me when you attacked cryptography instead of sticking to the "spade is a spade" argument against being a dick online. No, I think people should be treated roughly in the same way they'd expect to be treated in meatspace. I know I don't always configure a server correctly the first time, but if my lead called me a fucking dipshit and a waste of time, I'd go find another job real damned quick. There's a certain level of banter and sarcasm allowed between friends and known colleagues, but strangers don't have that luxury, or shouldn't. valugi is dead. People would be more forgiving to individual departments and officers if ever there was fair punishment and contrition for crimes committed by law enforcement. There is always an excuse or a legal loophole, with no admittance of guilt or evidence of self-reflection. My tutorial: * Get Thunderbird and Enigmail. * Use Enigmail to generate your keypair * Upload your public key to the keyserver (via the GUI) * Proceed to use email. BAM! Done a hell of a lot easier than this tutorial. I'd call out something I mentioned in my other comment in this thread: Enigmail + Thunderbird makes it pretty easy to get PGP up and running. Make an elegant doc on configuring that, put up a refreshing landing page, and you're golden. They'll stay experiments if barriers are intentionally put up to prevent package compatibility. Debian/kFreeBSD is an awesome idea, especially since FreeBSD's package system sucks and ZFS is unparalleled. However, I don't think that's the only reason to avoid Systemd. Until the corporate influence over federal politics makes them the master of their creators. In effect, they are the government, shaping law and jurisprudence to their necessity. If I'm supposed to care, I'm failing. It is always a rough transition when government changes its policy to one of more morality and fairness. Protected business interests who have shaped their business model around shitty laws now are at a disadvantage to businesses that can spring up around new rules. That doesn't mean our laws shouldn't change for the better. So have computers. Just to be clear: northwest is for the repeal of the 1st amendment. OK, so candidates can only use one site. Then "Friends of Candidate" will set up a site, or some random blogger with a million followers will set up a website. There is no stopping the message, or the money. The voting system needs to change, among other things. the government should also do less, so there is less power to be had at the top. It has/would have had an impact on what is considered "giving information to the enemy". If they found him guilty of that, then any document release posted to the public for the intent of the public consumption would be considered "aiding the enemy". I watched Casablanca the other night. SPOILERS I thought about how the Gestapo had Lazlow in their midst, at the same TABLE as them, and yet didn't do anything immediately other than deny him further travel. Of course, it's a movie, but it was an interesting thought. Nowadays, if Snowden were known to be hiding in a foreigner's Moroccan cafe, we'ds drone half the building. Also, I noticed the pride and the wonder that America inspired in the workers and patrons of Rick's. It was a symbol of freedom and opportunity. I wonder how many people see it that way now. Do what I do! I have my own domain name, currently hosting with Google Apps. If I get the motivation to move to another host like myself, I can do it without changing contact information. At the moment, I accept the danger and resent myself for it. Moving to a custom domain is one step in the process, though. And really, since all your email hops through relays constantly, the only truly effective anti-spy technology is message encryption, which wouldn't depend on where the messages end up. the vuln was not that the JS was bad or untrustworthy, but that the passphrase was sent to the server. If the entire connection to the server is secure, and the JS is loaded from the secure server and is auditable/checksummed, then the risk is minimal. You either trust the code or you get out. And encryption schemes never become outdated. The error code for censorship is the reference. I guess not everyone would recognize that, but I immediately noticed. Tower of Babel. I'm not sure "Extinguish" is necessary, but perhaps the teaching of a common language throughout the country would be beneficial. I can't imagine the United States having a different language for every House district, with only 5% of the population speaking common English. * Redhat is somewhat open-core: They develop proprietary interfaces and products as well as the core OS. * Nagios. F. James Sensenbrenner - http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=2139021... I heard the same thing. His position is that there is a common sense definition of "relevant" that they did not define in the law, and that the NSA would be cool and only look at what they needed. EDIT: A quote. >What Congress intended and what I intended is that the target had to be a foreign national and not a U.S. person. He would be targeted, and then they would find out who that person was calling, both in the United States and elsewhere, rather than grabbing all of the phone information and working backwards to the target. The relevant standard was intended to limit what NSA could do. They took the position that it expanded it. And that tips the commonsense definition of relevance on its head. I try not to purchase anything from Amazon if I can find an equivalent elsewhere. In the long term, a monopoly on retail is a bad thing for us, and I'm taking the long view. EDIT: Though I must say, I've always wanted a print+digital feature, and if the paperwhite is as cool as they make it look... Not talking your own laptop at Starbucks. Don't use a rented machine. So much of what the NSA does is enabled by high technology, and their continued disregard of the US Constitution will continue via digital channels. We as technical experts of the younger generation (mostly) have a civic obligation to be informed, and as long as the conversations stay in-depth and not one-liner potshots, it's useful to have it everywhere. At work, I make sure anyone around me isn't watching my hands, much less my screen. I get what the guy is saying in the article, but I don't agree, either. iPad has momentum Surface doesn't. We'll see how the surface 2 comes along. Everyone else is chiming in with their anecdotal proofs, so I will with mine. Yes, if you have a long password or key-only method of logging in, and disable root login, and patch the daemon, then party on. But for the extra bit of protection against 0-days and bullshit amounts of logs from quick port-22 only scans on your network, it helps to move it to another port. This is why I disagree with your mathematically founded reasoning. It doesn't fit with real world scanner behavior. If it's just your home network, it's not confusing because only you use it. If it's a corporate network, then using putty might be a little annoying, but it's not hard to communicate another standard. Ugh. My sister says the same thing: If someone does something for profit, suddenly it's everyone's business. I don't get the logic at all. Your comment was akin to "Fix your attitude, you asshole". Let me rephrase your comment to something you would approve of: --- >this particular MBA actually knows what exception handling is and wants to know why the fuck we're not doing it. It's not fun to be berated at work in front of colleagues, and the purpose it supposedly serves can be accomplished by taking the role of mentor, not drill instructor. Don't you think that's a bit harsh? It's a bad mistake for a coding expert to make, but perhaps coding wasn't their first skill, or they had a bad teacher. Call them out legitimately with their faults, let them know that certain best practices are required, and move on. Or even better: If the organization is large enough, have a coding standards document in place, like the Linux kernel and other large software projects do. And no one tried to justify it. I found Bzr much easier to learn than Git, and I'm not aware of architectural powers that Git has which bzr doesn't. I wonder how the EFF and many readers here would feel about the secret convention that created the Constitution of the United States. There were arguably good reasons for having it done in such a manner. Certain crimes are deemed inexcusable. Murder someone because they're black: Horrible. Steal a wallet because you have an addiction: forgivable. Rape someone after being convicted and released from two prior rapes: Inexcusable. Not every "mentally ill" person is curable, nor can every mentally ill person be trusted at an attempt for re-integration with society. Funny how you're defending the right of serial rapists to seek help and therapy while you "resign yourself" to the fact that people who don't "get it" are shitty humans. TheSOB88, you are dead, my friend. Another casualty of a poor policy. Gosh, the cynic in me thinks that this man "active in the blind community", who sits on a "disability advisory board", might have gotten uppity. The hopeful in me wants to think that with 35 other people supposedly supporting him, it was a true screw-up on the airline. You got hellbanned, saneshark. Ya, I've noticed that, too. My wireless VLAN has blocked outgoing traffic on several uncommon ports. I know. I disagree with the practice, especially when I look through the history of the account and see no flagrantly offensive remarks. HN mods might think this site is a temple, but it's disrespectful to waste someone's time and mislead their expectations of feedback for months at a time. This account is not intended to be a novelty account; you can see I post relevant discussion most of the time. I am, however, someone who was hellbanned for quite some time for an admittedly less-than-stellar post. One facetious remark got a 900+ karma, 3-year old account banned. Doctors can tell when someone has been suffocated or poisoned. It is something that should be monitored and have strict conditions on the age of the patient, maladies suffered, level of consciousness, and time spent attempting to cure. That said, it should be weighed the morality of keeping a thousand people alive to die slowly and painfully so that one person might not get put down before their time. Bitcoin is special because it has more users and recognition than litecoin, and it has more users and recognition because it's special. A currency gets its value from the recognition by others of its use for trade. Bitcoin has more of that than the others. For anyone setting up a non-federated chat system, why not Mumble? Sure, it's primarily used for gaming, but the ability exists to use a text-based client, and everything is encrypted by default. >John is an unfortunate Liberal soul who lives uncomfortably in the middle of a Conservative hellscape. While he is not a fan of politicians, period, he has developed a deep-seated hatred for the bigotry, fear mongering, and lies of the Right Wing. He also rather enjoys steak. Uh-huh. Also posting a Youtube link of it for all the heathens to take a look at. I'm not sure this is the end of AMD, though. Are they not going to make any server processors? Can APU's not be used for high-end gaming? Can the GPU portion of the processor not be looked at the same way FPU's used to be seen? They're not the bad guys anymore because they're not bombing and invading countries. They're good guys because they're peaceful with us and supply us with goods and services. The morals of bombings and war didn't change. Their behavior changed. So yes, we could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying and shooting at every foreign nation. We could be the "good guys" if we stopped spying on every citizen, and stopped creating a domestic military force out of municipal police. every comment you have made in this conversation has been insult and dull sarcasm. no insight has been provided. I am no supporter of hellbanning, but I cannot fathom how, given this site's heavy use of moderation, you are still allowed to comment. I know I have made no friend from you with this, but I hope you reevaluate the content of future posts. There's also BSD Now, which is pretty cool. More BSD coverage is always nice! "You know all those things you like having in a smartphone? You could do without them, you know." I agree with your point that more software = more surface area, but your examples of alternatives aren't very viable for most people, in my opinion. Except bzr is conceptually easier to learn and has a more consistent command syntax than git. The syntax is part of it being easier. Also, though it's been a while since I tried using any official git documentation, bzr's website had handy tutorials, references, and cheatsheets available. Great layout, assumed no VCS experience. One other has clarified, and it's important: Email is pseudonymous, and that's all that is required. Frustrating, but not quite as speech-quelling as addresses and phone numbers. Oh, and you bought that domain with a credit card. I get what you're saying, but it depends on how you learn it. I tried learning both of them through their official tutorials and /their CLI commands/. With git's more confusing command set, I had a harder time learning. I haven't tried personally, but most of the time now one cannot purchase or use a prepaid card without associating it to an address. You know, for turrursm. I assume it's an IDE, since there is no information about the product anywhere on the site. I expect a homepage to have a brief description of its product on the front page of the site. Barring that, I expect a similar brief description and feature set description on an "about" page. This has neither. I am eventually able to find out more, but only after assuming what it is and extrapolating what problems it's trying to solve. Always beware of physical -> digital analogies. When the whole world has the ability to walk by your door, windows, and alarm system and pick at it without being seen, then you probably should be grateful when some of them let you know the back door is open. I'm most shocked by the fact that the news agency reported the white-hat. I thought revealing a source was looked down on in journalism. http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary... Transparency in government activity is different from disclosing support to an organization. Consider the ratification of the current US constitution. It was debated and written in secret, ratified with no 'general public' debate on the final draft. George Washington was unanimously elected president of the Convention,[9] and it was agreed that the discussions and votes would be kept secret until the conclusion of the meeting.[3]:11 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_Convention_(Uni... Though it's been a long time since I studied it, my impression was that the actual votes and internal debate of the convention were under wraps until it was complete. This example might not match as well as I thought to OP's king->democracy proposal, though. Am I experiencing deja-vu? I fee like many of these comments (and their responses!) are exact reposts from earlier submissions about this very same topic. "The court is saying the FCC needs to reclassify providers" "The Republicans are holding up nominations" so on so forth. Holy shit, what a ridiculous comment and company. Meta-comment: I read this article with the real title on HN, and it mentioned almost nothing about Facebook. I assume the mods changed the title, which steered the early conversation about the piece. Therefore, due to "title activism" taken too long after the post, I was thoroughly confused for a while. Wait, a kettle[1] that you put on the stove and whistles when it's boiling isn't the standard in the UK? It's what I use for preparing hot water, and I have no issue with it. That's when I want tea or french-press coffee [2]. Sometimes I use an electric percolator[3] for coffee, and what a cup it can make! [1] http://www.amazon.com/Stainless-Teakettle-Litres-Whistling-X... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Bodum-Brazil-French-Coffee-34-Ounce/dp... [3] http://www.amazon.com/Presto-02811-12-Cup-Stainless-Coffee/d... Hear hear. I was reading this thinking, "Why would I need /that much/ complexity in the stylesheet? I get variables and some other niceties... perhaps I'm not thinking complex enough with HTML5 video games and whatnot. Bah. I had a similar idea at my university to provide instant-feedback course guides for all degree plans, class descriptions and online resources, etc. The university went from "awful system implemented 20 years ago by Sungard" to "awful system implemented 1 year ago by Sungard". Don't pretend this YBB+ app, created by students, had any chance of being accepted by the university. Furthermore, it is a joke to claim futility and waste of talent for these men who built this website, created out of a real-world (first-world) problem and proven to serve user demands. I appreciate perspective and, when more general discussions on government abuse are taking place, comparisons to other 'first-world' countries. You're being criticized because we should be able to have discussions about other parts of the world without changing the subject. What are you going on about? The person to whom you're replying was only explaining the point of another post, not criticizing or applauding it. You're arguing at the wind. Or maybe two people came to the same logical conclusion about someone's post. >As much as I'd like for every bootcamp to have altruistic motives, some seem like a money-grab to me. Regulation should not ALWAYS assume a stupid citizen. Just like total surveillance might make us somewhat safer, total regulation might make things somewhat less fraudulent. But do the benefits justify the costs: bureaucracy, cementing a fast-paced industry in the molasses of government? Creating a new set of taxes, fees, and public employees? I kind of stopped when he suggested that every employer of low-wage workers was a soul-sucking evil-doer. > "our unique people culture" (translated: hire feeling, thinking, living, breathing human beings with lives and dreams and aspirations and hopes of their own, and turn them into low-wage Crew members striving to reach the top of the daily and weekly and monthly and quarterly and annual performance reports) To the other person's point, if you're the only one who gives a damn, then using PGP doesn't matter. >Our control regime for abusive surveillance technology must include create a societal norm that these systems are morally unacceptable. I couldn't have said it better myself. You and pikachu_is_cool are boggling my mind right now. The guy is having a moderately high amount of money coming in for him now, based on something he did out of passion. There is nothing wrong with money for stability. If you don't like it, give it to charity... or save for health issues, because we all now realize just how pricey a scrape can be in America. Twitter is such a shit platform to convey ideas and motivations. I should claim that that was my point, and that I was trying to be satirical. However, the truth is that for discussing motivations and explaining things, such as Flappy Bird's demise, it really is not the ideal way to convey a message. Nuance and detail are gone on Twitter... and to your point, I was initially downvoted for my comment, presumably because I didn't give sufficient contribution to the converstaion. I must admit, breaking the Unix philosophy for ZFS to unify FS/volume/RAID management is a dream come true. Well, proprietary textbooks about ancient math is kind of silly. And Blackboard is anti-educational. Have you ever tried to use it? Many people have said it and I'll emphasize: To the extent possible, ISPs should not be doing layer 7/deep packet inspection. They carry traffic. They shouldn't filter. Not only is it unethical, but it's impractical for providers. What about a mesh network? How would they implement BCP38? If a bunch of computers are hooked together in a mesh relaying traffic in all directions, how can one do ingress filtering? The number of strawmen in your argument is staggering. But I don't think the military should get the worship it does, and cops are supposed to be civilians and neighbors, not soldiers. People don't hate on EMTs and firemen. You know why? Those people don't shoot your dog, beat you and arrest you when you look at them the wrong way. Until there is a STANDARD of good cops throwing out bad cops and NOT facing retribution; Until there is an established, effective and formal method of oversight and accountability for verifiable acts of police brutality and false arrest, I will not invite any police officer to my home until I've known them for quite some time. --- Final remark, To your comment directly: Officers need to change their behavior first. This isn't going to be resolved by people loving cops in the hopes they'll get in a better mood. 'They' need to remember they are 'us'. As opposed to having 9 managers? The guy came off as somewhat of a twat based on that. OK, people are dying in Africa. Does that make NSA spying ok? He ended a little better by making the point that we should be doing more than just talking, we should be building technical defenses against such things as NSA spying. It's a reasonable point, but I think he was just trying to be edgy in his talk. I'd love to. What platform should I use? Requirements: * No Wordpress, Joomla or Drupal * Easy to configure and deploy * Internal comments subsystem preferable I was looking at rigging up Dokuwiki. It obviously has the ability to publish data/articles, it has plugins to give a discussions page, user/ACL support and it's pretty simple to deploy. Drawback is it's not designed by default with the "reverse chrono" ordering, tagging of articles, etc... I'm lookin at Jekyll for static content, which is pretty much what a simple blog can be, but I keep getting errors trying to use rubygems (not a rubyist, here). If some of the pens didn't let me keep possession of the words I wrote, or limited the number of people that could read my manuscripts, I'd choose a different pen. Perhaps it's not terribly important, and I'm to the point where I'll capitulate, but I want something I can self-host, and I want something easy to run. You don't own what you don't host. There is far too much weight put on a handful of tests. It can pass/fail kids for the year in courses, depending on location. And since the standardized tests, now being created by quasi-federal coalitions like C-SCOPE, are so important, everything in a curriculum is focused on teaching to the test. No exploration, no flexibility in how to teach. I get what you're saying, but "education" isn't a vocational activity. There are a lot of issues with public education (age-based grade levels, difficulties of each subject tied to the same grade level, rigid teaching methods, etc) that contribute, and the standardized tests are an easy thing to see is wrong. I love it when people without deep knowledge of a subject try to learn about it and explain themselves to others. I guarantee my stone tablets will last 100 years if they are cared for as specified in the user manual. Am I crazy? apt-mirror creates a full repository, and there's a tool called deb-squid-proxy or some combo of those words that lazily caches packages. When I think about Dorner or the Boston bombers, I think about how much chaos they caused, and the fact that they evaded regional manhunts for days while accomplishing their goal. To contrast your observation: Imagine what a group of dedicated, intelligent agents could do to stir things up. Another example of how complex git can be. How I wish git's interactions were more like bzr! Seems no one here so far has mentioned Rackspace. Let's start by saying that DO has fewer features for a complex deployment: No load balancing, no private subnets, (IIRC) no IPv6 at the moment. No "cloud files" or S3 equivalent, the scaling isn't as automatic as RAX or AWS can provide. DO can't host Windows (which still matters for many existing operations, don't fool yourself). RAX gives more information and granularity on its VM levels. Finally, support. RAX can do managed services, dedicated advisors, IT support and servers for sensitive data. DO has none of this. --- There are two things DO does that I appreciate (though neither concept is new): * $5 hosting. RAX is a minimum of $16/mo now, for the same VM strength. * Application deployments. The ability to one-click deploy Wordpress/Gitlab/etc. is pretty damned awesome. DO is great for technically competent people who don't need a lot of infrastructure, or otherwise have a consistent level of server/bandwidth requirements for their servers. You hit the nail on the head in a way I didn't regarding the core competencies in the market. I think RAX and Amazon kick ass at 2 and 4, and DO is working on 1 and 3. DUI is a problem, and any human loss is painful, especially when avoidable. All that said, I feel like DUI is an overblown problem, in a way. 8 people dead per 1 million estimates incidents of DUI with a max. toll of 10k lives is not insignificant, and human loss is always bad. However, I disagree with your thesis. Curing cancer, raising the standard of living for the poor, and the death toll to obesity are all much more impactful things on society, though DUI is more 'senseless' and painful for victims. I think limiting the need to drive is the only feasible option. * You won't stop people from drinking in places where they can't sleep. Drinking at a bar costs 5-6x as much as drinking at someone's home, and yet people are constantly going out to be in a public drinking environment. * Hopefully, we won't see mandated technology on vehicles requiring alcohol inspections for driving. Privacy, constitutional and technological issues all exist there. Yes, I know the devices exist, but they're clumsy, frustrating, and in the US are only used for people convicted of a 1st time DUI. Solution: Incentivize people to walk or taxi home, or have a designated driver. * By far the biggest immediate change that could be made: Make taxi services as cheap as possible. Stop limiting competition like Uber and the pedbikes in Austin from competition; while there are public safety concerns regarding drivers, I think the economic and safety benefits outweigh the risks. Cheap, responsive drivers = less drunk driving, period. ESPECIALLY in places like Texas, or most of the US, where public transit isn't ubiquitous. * Allow mixed development and stop making suburban islands. If the hip bars are a three block walk from the houses and apartment complexes, fewer people will need to drive. Or, if you're making a suburban neighborhood, build the bar/drug store/grocer right into the town! * The following thing is a dangerous and controversial thing to say, because it might imply that DUI is "okay": If you're going to drive after drinking, be honest with yourself. Don't say "I'm totally fine to drive". When you're exhausted on a trip, you don't just say you're fine and keep driving. You either pull over and sleep (get a cab) or you recognize your state and roll down the windows, turn on the radio, splash some water on your face, get a Red Bull, etc. If you are inebriated, say "I am drunk, don't speed, check my mirrors, watch out at all the intersections." That is a big cause of accidents, I'd be willing to bet. Whenever you see government propaganda about the dangers of DUI, it's the couple stumbling to the car, kissing each other, and not paying attention to driving. It's not good to drive when your body is impaired in ANY way, but the big problem is not recognizing your impaired state and focusing on the road. --- Postscript: DUI checkpoints are shit, and I don't care what the Supreme Court says. It's an invitation for the police to create probable cause and search your entire self and vehicle, your insurance, and if you piss them off, your cell phone. Even if you're sober, avoid them/fight them whenever possible. They hide it (which I think is foolish). They in fact have a pre-Openstack infrastructure where 256M instance is $11. http://www.rackspace.com/cloud/pricing/ >And why does he repeatedly belittle coding? The same reason other articles on HN in recent days/months/years have: People spend their efforts on sexting apps and Candy Crush ripoffs instead of tackling "real change". It's hard, complex, and I don't really blame young talent for going after the big money... but it can look pretty frivolous at times. But he believes that the U.S. House — rather than state or local government — is the perfect place to start. “I’m running to tackle the issues that most affect families in South Jersey, like too few jobs, too high student debt, the need to act on climate change and the opportunity to make vital investments in education and infrastructure,” he says. “On those and many other issues, the leadership of the House of Representatives have obstructed any attempts at moving our country forward.” --- Thinking like this is why we have a gigantic, anti-Constitutional federal government. Why can't he work on infrastructure in NJ at the state or local level? Why can't he work on jobs programs and economic incentives for businesses in NJ? Climate change is the only thing listed that needs action above a state level. Christie didn't say "I wish this is repealed, but it's my duty"; he said it's for the good of the consumer. It is industry protection. Right. I think the point is that you shouldn't be relying on experimental standards for one's web architecture unless you recognize its experimental status. >If we'd only funnelled our money in those things with tangible, well-defined outputs, we'd have shut down our nuclear physics Departments and the world would have been a very different place. What? Are you suggesting that the US wouldn't have researched Nuclear weapons if we had started sooner? "Legal" and "compliance" offices are not unusual in large organizations; they do exactly what they sound like they do. Legal is the lawyers. Compliance is the group that audits the organization and ensures all relevant legal and industry regulations are being met. Alternatively, the "office of Trustworthy Computing" over which Scott Charney[1] presides does sound creepy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUfSp5SnKL0 As others have pointed out: It wasn't the first time the idea had come up, but he came up with it and looked into it independently. That, at the age of 14, is the kind of thinking science fairs should be encouraging. As a Ph.D project? Not so much. It's the "do something" mentality of people who value the strength of government over the people. This way, the government can pat itself on the back, knowing it wouldn't get resistance from the auto industry since, as you said, they're already trickling the tech down. Why would an auto-industry group applaud the move? They're the bastards who have the power to install rear cameras on 100% of new vehicles. It's all a show. --- As an aside: I own a vehicle with a rear camera, and it's an amazing feature. About a month ago, I told a friend "If I were one to support arbitrary government power, I would say we need a law requiring these!". I guess that's the world we live in. The only vehicles that have comparable visibility were old Broncos and large trucks. New cars, with their low-visibility rear windows and high backends, seem to be designed with the intention of getting more people into accidents. As always, there is a middle ground between "rah rah " and "one world!". The U.S. government, especially its intelligence agencies, have many potentially grave flaws for a democracy. Putin and the Russian government, however, are decidedly worse leaders for freedom, and no friend of the US government or its citizens. Therefore, it's not unreasonable to look to be less dependent on their honesty, integrity and goodwill. So stop being so F*ing judgmental. I enjoy the separate boxes as well. That said, the chrome-style 'question mark prefix' is not ambiguous. It's not racism. 1. (Sociology) the belief that races have distinctive cultural characteristics determined by hereditary factors and that this endows some races with an intrinsic superiority over others If I know another high school is equal or better to my alma mater, but prefer my son go to my old stomping ground, is that wrong? If I prefer my son date someone from our geographical region, with similar cultural upbringing, is that wrong? For what it's worth, one of my most trusted, intelligent and mature friends is black. It frustrates me when stereotypical liberals tell me I just have a "token black friend". I didn't know I had to have at least two black friends to not be racist. Most "racism" is a problem with culture and politics, not with skin color, which is not racism. As we discuss this, can HN get away from using Verdana? The site looks less than pleasing when viewing from a FOSS Linux install; to get the HN official look, I must install ttf third party stuff. It is a courtesy to explain downvoting when there is no controversy evident in the post. Let me explain my post: There are myriad open fonts available on the web, and webfonts is a known, stable feature of web browsers. There is no reason to use proprietary fonts on a tech website of such a caliber. At work, I am writing tools in Python 2.6.6 specifically because the latest version of RHEL comes with only that, and I cannot get aftermarket versions of tools onto our servers. Is that the fault of Python? No, but I'm sure I'm not the only person working at a stuffy organization with crappy open source policy. >propagated by nothing much more than cargo-culting It's propagated because it's a standard, and it seems many people ARE comfortable with it. It also seems that I enjoy my font-size just the way it is. I've just written my first reusable, outlive-my-employment level of code, and keeping my code under 80 lines was trivially easy. The only thing that was the slightest level of nuisance was that the function parser in notepad++ couldn't cope with a multi-line string definition inside a function. The bulk of my time was writing clear, understandable and educational documentation for the library. Why are you so hostile? I wrote a small XML parsing library for a firewall API recently. Just writing about 15 functions handing data off to each other made me nervous about not enforcing types. The best I could do was write function signatures and descriptions. To point 1, Minecraft chews memory and processor for breakfast. I understand that some of the larger server have thousands of players logged in simultaneously over huge areas in a minecraft world, so I can imagine 4-5 digit hosting bills. To point 2, you're hosting a server with lots of attention, one that is DDoS friendly, and you've got the eyes of lots of young technical people. In the world of one-click DDoS, I don't doubt it can pose an issue quickly. So what? So it's incredibly hard to even enforce what Mojang says they're targeting, and in trying to do so, they're spooking a ton of legitimate developers and server owners. The real question is how children are spending hundreds of dollars online without parental consent. I know the EULA is universal, but all the defenders of "no-free-to-play" cite the "for the children" defense as the reason why this is such a pressing issue now. As a player, Minecraft is only free-to-play if you voluntarily pay a server owner. If someone doesn't like a server, log into a different one! If you want to put in dozens of hours on a world without fear of it being griefed/having the rules changed, run your own small server! My thesis is that this is basically a non-issue. If Mojang wants people to know they're not the ones charging for server access (the parent anecdote in the article), they should have a big, permanent banner in the server browser: "If you're paying for items on a server, you're paying too much! Minecraft server access is free by default!" and so on. I disagree with an assertion. There is still a reason to use if TLS is enabled: The first scenario where users want to store something encrypted on a server without the server having the keys. Now, I'm not defending JS as a method of doing this, but there is a use case. Thing is, a lot of places are doing that. The downside is the geo-distribution gives us Indian contractors with strange accents, inability to communicate and assert, and overall a huge communications issue by default. Australia needs to step up its subsidies to IT outsourcing firms. > Why do we develop this way? Why aren't we considering the behavior of the application more than how it's stored? All of my projects now utilize a JSON-based key/value store. What a self-centered statement. "MY projects don't need ACID or relational enforcement. Therefore, SQL is useless." This seems reasonable. I think the 'themed' naming works well for up to perhaps a 100 or so servers/devices managed by a single team, but with tons of automated provisioning, I suppose unfun naming is a requirement. God, how awful. That's the point of TTL! This is a false dichotomy. Can't we have secure, somewhat non-portable EHRs with super strong "Won't release without auth" procedures, or perhaps, as someone else implied, the data should be transfered via sneakernet on USB or similar? And how common, as a ratio, are crippling medical screwups related to multi-practice miscommunication? I'm sure the absolute number is non-zero, but risks must be weighed. If one person having a crippling issue saves 100,000 people from having their personal data released against their will... If he takes after Lockheed and the rest of the industry, he'll wrap his tentacles around at least a few states in order for them to shout when he says. If multiple small magnets are ingested, they will likely pinch and rot tissue while working through the intestines. Without reading, I don't know if any children (the main culprits of swallowing small items) have died, but I know some have gone to the ER. Yep, this is all a show for Black Hat, and with many more interesting topics to discuss, it's sad that this bullshit caught the attention of the media as the lead story. At RSA 2014, the lead topic was the role of government, its link with industry, and the ethics of omnipresent spying. All I've heard from BH as an outsider to that conference is "Well, there have been a lot of compromises over the years, and some Russian group gathered them all up to make it a big number." A tl;dr for the article's tl;dr: This is not a big thing; the list is largely outdated; there's no new breach; if it were a big deal, than more than just some salesman at BH would be screaming about it. I find some of your content presumptuous, but overall, I agree that, if you tell a child to check in or be home at a certain time, this app won't solve insubordination. Either lock them in at home, have a real chat about it in person, etc., but this novel locking mechanism isn't going to solve the problem. >Emotions are weird, if you're sitting around worrying about your child then you need a hobby. If you're worried about your pre-teen while he/she is out roaming the city, you're a good parent. It doesn't mean you have to be freaking out all the time, but my parents cared enough to be concerned if I didn't check in at the deemed intervals. Cell phone theft cannot be such a large problem that this is a politically beneficial thing to do, much less a legitimate use of power. >and municipal infrastructure projects are a disaster outside a few well-managed cities like NY citation needed... I know government has a reputation for being wasteful and corrupt, but weird for you to defend NYC. "Keto" and "paleo / low carb" are different. Keto goes to the extreme, allowing almost zero carbs, to induce ketosis in your body. Paleo is more "no grain, no dairy, no legume", but fruits are still allowed and encouraged for providing natural, sweet-tooth-satisfying carbs. Yep, and there will never be a world where we all eat the same thing. Let the poor eat wheat. Paleo is pretty affordable at the lower-middle class, if you're willing to put the effort in and cook. My biggest hurdle is how easy unhealthy stuff is. Is this similar to the Anomos program that died 6 years ago? https://anomos.info/ Anomos would have required a tracker, like torrent, but had onion routing for downloads, I believe. Ingenuity is always fun to read about, but I strongly feel there are comparably inexpensive solutions that would be a lot more effective. > Entrenched ISP buys hip hosting provider Not a fan... though, as a former small-time customer, RAX just couldn't keep up on the drive to the bottom with pricing ala DigitalOcean or others. RAX is more full-service, sure, but it seems the market isn't as sustainable there. Clicking on the article also immediately clarifies the meaning. The price isn't free, it's was more than $700,000. If these school districts wanted to send a political message worth hearing, they'd protest government fat and refuse shipment. If they were to be completely practical, they still wouldn't take these. "It will be carrying teddy bears"... buy a van! The maintenance costs on this are incredibly expensive in the long-term, and I can only imagine what this would do to small-town roads or fields with even semi-regular use. "Without cell or wifi [to the internet]" is a reasonable implication. Did you think this was an article about the human microphone? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_microphone "Lawyer" -> Founder of TJ's. No shit he's doing it for the money: everyone tends to do their job, at least in part, for the money. But I think it's very presumptuous of you to assume he has no loyalty or respect for the brand. You also seem to think that he's "getting what he deserves", as if what he's doing is wrong. It isn't. Maybe because every question he asked is something that doesn't add up with the story. It's an anecdote, but my mom grew up on a small farm and she remembers hearing the squeals of a piglet as the sow ate it one time. She didn't eat pig for a while. A router preconfigured to use Tor and other services is not that original. It's impressive in America, where it's not needed, and moreso because Chinese is "exotic" and superficially less "practical" than learning Spanish, which is a useful thing to know south of New York. The Podcast ecosystem allows programs to automatically fetch, pre-download and archive specific subscriptions of content. It's not a stupid idea. Perhaps some implementations are poor, but I'd rather have a purpose-built format for pulling down content than clicking on an Apache index page for the .ogg I want. No, a username is not meant to verify identification. Your username is your identification. It's public (or at least, not sensitive). Your passwords is the authentication to your identity. Sure, a fingerprint might be one of several factors for authentication at secure sites, but that is rarely the only thing. It usually coincides with badge readers, photo-ID, etc. You said a lot of nice and true things about OpenBSD, but you didn't back up your claim against FBSD: What unnecessary and experimental technologies are you referring to? From a server standpoint? I think FBSD is top-notch, from my observations. There's a weekly podcast BSDNow that is very informative. The hosts are a bit amateur with their fluidity through topics, but they know their stuff. You can stream if you want, but downloading is one of the highlights of it. I can download it at home and listen for hours at work or on a trip without dealing with poor or capped cell signal (or, like the majority of people in the US/world, without any data plan at all). Public school, learning environment. The administrators are ignorant, and the policy is too strict. Even if you thought the policy is a good fit at a high school, they should be trying to use this as a chance to tune the student's interests into a classroom assignment or something rather than just tell him he's in trouble. I help run the web proxy for a large bank. /That/ network has plenty of reasons to be completely locked down, and we even provide wifi for employees to use their devices for personal web access. My point being that I recognize the legitimate use of a proxy to secure a network from malicious software and completely inappropriate sites (for a public net) like porn, violence, etc. But this is a place that should censor as little as possible. To what end are non TCP/IP/Ethernet tools used? The incident proves that Sony is incompetent and didn't prioritize cybersecurity the way an information-based company should. The network is a lot more porous these days, but if your bold assertion were as serious as you think, then every bank in the world would be popped. Sony was the slowest deer. I understand the principle, but let's not get to philosophical about this: You ran reddit's servers and worked at netflix in their availability department. Cut out a morning coffee and you have enough money to run SSL. SNI works with anyone on Windows > XP, and any mobile / Apple / Linux OS you'll find visiting your site. How many IE6/XP hits does your site get per month? Forward secrecy on PGP? So I can't go read my old love letters? Funny, it's the Infosec guys (me) with the coolest tools and some of the most innovative code where I work, but IT won't let us use FOSS monitoring software because it hasn't gone through the proper approval board. See how broad that brush was? I thought it was the Internet Storm Center at first, which was going to blow my mind. The difference between bobcostas55's "narcissism" and the communists, is that bobcostas55 is allowed to express his. Holy shit, do I really have to point explicitly to Egypt, Iran, China, Venezuela Russia and the old USSR to show examples of what happens when expression of dissenting thoughts are banned? Freedom of thought IS right. Until you cross-pollinate with Monsanto's seeds on accident, and they sue you for IP infringement. I'm like Richard Stallman is for FOSS on this: One case of "sue for cross-pollination" is too much. Our food supply and the freedom of people to survive and save food stores is too important to let Monsanto and others fuck with the food chain. Food is not a place for a EULA. And if you're some sort of liberal hippy who wants to save the entire world, then perhaps the government should buy out these things to ensure it's a public good rather than a Q3 profit driver. I like it, but so far anyway, I'm not feeling discernible differences in performance. That's just me though! I would like to see something akin to Ghostery's interface where I can see exactly what trackers/ads are hitting me at a site, and whitelist by domain. I do a bit of both. I make the quotes, I make the comparisons and analogies that everyone else of my opinion does. I also talk about specific policy issues - reform/removal of the well-abused PATRIOT Act; civil asset forfeiture; independent investigations for police violence, and so on. I bring up issues of privacy on topics many think I would unabashedly support, such as police cameras. Who gets to see that footage, under what circumstances? How long should tapes be retained, if they aren't needed for an investigation? I suppose I agree with your point, and decided to respond with how I take that approach. Why does there need to be secrecy and indemnity for corps sharing non-PII data? Everything I've heard about these CISPA-esqe sharing schemes is that the gov wants to have corps share potentially unmasked data with the gov AND with each other without risk of getting in trouble for privacy violations. But this is already being done. Look at FS-ISAC - a private email list that shares IOC and spam data between banks and financial institutions. What needs to change in the law that isn't currently allowed? This is what it looks like when people don't recognize that security is a spectrum. This is a politically charged topic with powerful, malicious actors. The thread an unusually large number of green members posting mostly against what HN has been mostly for. It's an odd pattern, and the parent above saying it's "vile" to call it what it looks like is overblowing it. Odd that idTech, known historically as a corss platform engine that was unique for being opened after its profit was done, is now seemingly one of the more closed engines on the market. You're assuming that someone with a conviction is worse than someone without. One point in the article is that you don't know! The person who has no conviction might not have been caught. Look at the sociopaths and murderers who sometimes have millions or billions, and are in control of thousands of jobs. They're just smarter about getting away with things. Furthermore, you suggest that if only we didn't have those strangling minimum wage laws, businesses would hire convicts for less than minimum wage. But sticking ex-cons into wage slavery is exactly the opposite of what the business described wants! They want to maximize their positive impact on their community, not just get out the most from their employees for the least investment. I didn't downvote you, but I can see why others did. Unequal pay doesn't mean unequal independence. I'm in debt with a middle class job. I'm just as financially independent (in the short term) as someone making $250k, or someone with no debt making 60% of what I do. There are middle grounds that would still be better than a plaintext internet. Cert pinning, even self-signed certs, would be better. First time to https://example.com - I get a prompt and a UI element telling me it's self signed. I accept the risk (This may not be who you think it is! - but it probably is) 2 - nth time to https://example.com - UI element tells me it's self signed, but the same as before. Whether it's the NSA or the site, it's the same person at the other end. Next - does the cert change to a PKI-trusted? Then great! I get a UI element (no prompt) showing the site is trusted. Does the site get a new self-signed cert? Back to the first step. I believe this, and the parent notion of default cert generation by apache installs, is better than no SSL. It's not as good as fully verifiable auth. --- And son of a gun, I know this isn't an original idea, but I can't believe it took another post to remind me this is exactly how SSH works. Sure, you can get the server key to your DO host and transfer it to your client, but how many people do that? They accept the fingerprint they see at first, assume it's good, and probably raise an eyebrow if it changes. Don't like it? OK, let's go back to telnet. I won't give anyone I know the excuse of ignorance when and if they vote for congressmen openly supporting the criminal actions of our government. And your theory is based on the idea that things will never change, and I do not feel like giving up on the idea of limits on government just yet. And Udall is from CO, not NM. I feel it shouldn't be unreasonable to expect AWS/Cloudflare/Akamai to have policy-based routing to blackhole a lot of these source subnets. Of course it's complex, but these are some of the largest hosting providers in the world. His argument that he keeps playing because he likes hitting people, is analogous to saying that I keep riding my bike downhill because I like the high. > I am all too willing to sacrifice a bit of freedom to gain stability, reliability, and peace Bribery as a matter of course for accomplishing mandated tasks is its own kind of servitude. At least in America, we can bitch about it and (mostly) not be jailed or murdered for it. Heck, sometimes, things even change for the better. As someone who works in information security: Security is a spectrum. There is never all, and there is rarely nothing. I think the point is that people are carrying binary blobs and littering the "kernel" (park) 24/7. That they were able to sneak a political statement onto a pedestal in a public place isn't shocking or fundamentally security-breaking. And they're in the right, so there is that. I'm still trying to decide how I feel about the presentation and the underlying messages that episode delivered. On one hand, I believe it is sadly necessary to present the issue in such elementary terms to the people who wouldn't otherwise give a shit. I don't think it trivializes the problem - it just makes it more accessible to the ignorant (at best) or WorldStarHipHop-filming (at worst) voting population. On a tangent, I think Jon's demeanor was a bit to jerkish for my taste. I appreciate the desire to not look like a softball interviewer, but some of his jokes and remarks and mannerisms were embarrassing either in its insult to Ed/Julian or in its pure unfunny character. If you build a custom logger into a startup/scheduler instead of using the existing logging component, you're doing it wrong. Really, if you're not using the logging mechanism to check a system, what are you using?