Spaced repetition is the way your brain stores everything, even abstract ideas, mathematics,etc. You can only remember anything either by having repeated exposure to it, or having it really connected to some other memory of yours. Also, you seem to underestimate the importance of having encyclopedic knowledge. I agree that it is not useful to have random facts in your mind, but passive knowledge is extremely important - like even on topics you are not well-informed about, having learnt something about it in the past will put you in a much more open-minded position on it. If people were to remember some really basic biology from high school, they would be much less open to bullshit like “alternative medicine”,anti-vaccines, etc. Which is absolutely null compared to their income, and does close to absolutely nothing to benefit society - it is only there so they can feel good about themselves. No? Android phones are full of binary blob drivers, etc. It is phone specific whether you can do that or not. There is a global config and a user-specific one. So every user can install (without root) their set of packages and their PATH will be changed accordingly. You probably tried to add firefox to your local one - which should be good enough. I wouldn’t really want a program to auto-update the global configurarion.nix No matter how I count, I see only two viable platforms for everyday use in a mobile device. Please enlighten me with the other options (and yeah, I do know about pinephones, and I even own one, but it needs quite a bit of love (not talking about it having an inferior hardware - since I would like to use my phone as a portable camera as well)) Hmm, like disallow them in the AppStore but allow sideloading apps, even an alternative app store - and then put a large banner that it is insecure blabla that the user can ignore if he/she so chooses. Or allow it only with some developer mode for which a user would have to touch something n times , like it is on Android. So those who don’t know what is it all about can stay in their walled garden, while the rest can use their goddamn 1000 dollar phone the way they want The AppStore has every right to publish only apps they deem rightfull - so there would be absolutely no change there. Yet, apple should not be able to disallow me from using my device in any way I want to - that is I should be able to sideload anything, make it an alternative app store or a simple app. They are even free to hide that option from regular users so the security of them won’t be harmed - they can’t install malware with 2 clicks because there will be 4 apple prompts explaining why it’s a bad idea. But I get to install a prog language interpreter or a proper browser - so win-win (other than apple’s profits, but I couldn’t care less) There is a misunderstanding of market will choose the best competitor. A competition in of itself is not fair, it needs heavy regulation to become fair - like a running contest could be won by anyone if they were to shoot the other contenders. And this is what happens in unregulated markets - we’ve got an oligopoly, with a really high bar to enter - basically impossible for a newcomer (note that even Microsoft failed to enter it). So there should absolutely be some government regulation to make it fair - and it is not overreach. It is simply no longer Apple’s decision, since it is practically a public service in part, as you noted. Because if you want to enter the mobile market you HAVE to? This “the customers will choose the best” thing has never been true, even in its source. The context is “in a fair competition between competing products” (which won’t be true again, because humans are not rational - otherwise marketing would not matter) Also, it’s not like I have any chance ever to compete with Apple, even if I were to be the cleverest people on Earth. Not op, but hardware and UX-wise they do a great job. Photo-taking is especially good which is pretty important on a mobile. Also, their phones will be supported for a remarkable number of years, while retaining their price on second hand markets. It doesn’t excuse them from letting me use my phone as I want to. I don’t see how allowing sideloading wouldn’t be a solution for both sides. I deeply agree with your last paragraph, but the first one is quite naive. It is simply their PR “mission”, their only real mission is the good ol’ dollar, nothing more. Well, I don’t feel inprisoned, but nor am I completely happy with this phone. iSH is really great, and is a must - and so would several other app which can’t exist here. It’s not a desire, it is a must. There are certain kinds of application that simply would be meaningless, if they could not target 50% of the population. Like what would a messenger clone do with only half the people? (And I am fairly sure, that if nothing else, financially most apps or app ideas are in this category) We agree on your last point, an open platform should finally emerge (and it is pretty much happening with pinephone) - but it would be a fairy tale to believe that it can gain foothold in the recent future against these monster corps You forget about the splitting of developers were a new project to emerge. Microsoft failed, partly because it was as of yet not a big enough platform to target by other developers - they have enought things to do with android and apple. A new platform can’t emerge unless there is some incentive for developers to target it. Linux phones are in a special circumstance, because apps are developer for them out of a hobby. But phones are a main social device, you can’t have one that doesn’t have your bank’s app on it for example. Linux phones must emulate android (and it is sort of working, fortunately) to remain afloat. Oh, if it was the only bad thing he done - but the work conditions are terrible at his factories, he actively sabotages unions, he is absolutely just sells this engineer image of him: he is NOT a founder of tesla, he simply bought the title, he takes credit for his workers’ accomplishments, the only thing he engineered in tesla for example is some design work. He also sells himself as a self-made millionare, while his father has an emerald mine in South Africa. So basically he is a narcissist scammer. Why? Like, seriously. Telemetry is useful, and I am more than happy to provide them with some useful metrics so they know what to improve on - since I can’t really help with the code itself, since it is an insanely huge project. It’s not like they use it to build a profile of you, as goddamn chrome does. I feel that whatever Mozilla does can never be good enough for some people, even though they are one of the most important players in the “fight” of OSS. Just think about it, linux is only usable as a desktop OS because most of the desktop apps migrated to the web - and firefox is the only free browser that is actually capable, as well as the only engine that is not google-controlled. We should support them as much as we can. Then let a bunch of rabid wild animals in your place, as that is what the only alternative is (every chromium based browser). Also, it is a click-bait, out of date article without much truth to it, don’t believe everything you read online That’s strange, though probably due to dart being a small language. For java and kotlin intellij absolutely blows visual studio out of the water and you really can program with only pressing ctrl+space Just because someone cheated in an online game doesn’t mean that he should not be able to play his offline games. Imo it’t not Steam’s place to decide Whaat, I would not call intellij unbelievably fast, but it is a resource hog because it does a million thing at once. Compare it to visual studio, which is something that barely works and has inferior auto-complete, etc. An electron app of that complexity would require a supercomputer to even start That’s a bad take. If facebook would be your ordinary pop&mom shop, you would be right. But as it stands, it is currently used as the only news’ source, communication method for a great majority of many countries’ residents - at which point it should not be exempt of questioning what their algorithm places in front of everyone - as it demonstratebly changes people’s biases/opinion on important topics. The relevant code resides in libinput, and it can be used as “input source” for xserver as well. Sorry, but this is a really self-centric view on the issue. It is absolutely not an individual choice, and it should not be. Also, it is a hyperbole to compare it to “if it saves even one live”, when in reality you have to wear a mask to decrease the R rate, so that the country’s hospitals doesn’t get absolutely flooded with people due to the exponential rate of the infection - making them unable to cure people even if they were to need treatment for other reasons then covid. So basically, in order to have working modern medicine, everyone has to wear masks.. I’m sorry but it’s not like a bug in cp or something. It is kind of a big and complicated source where you (pardon me if I’m wrong) can only modify things if you are familiar with the code base. And since most of the actual people who were familiar with the code base left it (because they think it is not worth it, due to the architectural mismatch between Xorg’s model and current hardware), I doubt it would be trivial to fork/debug it. There are ways to do all these things but they are compositor agnostic - which frankly makes sense. I don’t want a random app running on my desktop querying these informations in a hacky way, while the whole of this information is stored nicely in memory by the compositor. They just simply have to provide an API for that - and that’s the beauty of wayland - they let the compositor implement any number of custom apis and the app can query which ones are supported by the compositor and vice versa. Well, yes. Wayland is a display protocol and it does its work splendidly. X11 does a lot more than display management, and those things should not be put into the display manager yet again as it is a mistake. As you can see in this thread, resizing in gnome on wayland looks like this ( https://i.imgur.com/kaS9nVr.mp4 ), which compared to MacOS ( https://imgur.com/EAPzmKC ) is lightyears behind in terms of smoothness (as reported in the same thread, wayland-comparable performance is observed on windows as well). What I can think of as a difference is that Wayland sends resize requests on each mouse-move event, while MacOS MAY do some sort of clever hack. Maybe they try to predict mouse movement and only ask for a subset of all sizes of the window from the application? Is anyone familiar with what happens here, in depth? Nix doesn’t sandbox applications, it is basically only patches the ELF header so that it links to nix store entries instead of /usr/lib when it comes to shared libs. So While I don’t have benchmarks, it is basically in the same ballpark as Arch programs. It is only required because /nix is hardcoded (but only to make using binary caches possible). Later on, writing to this store is done by a nix user, and install can be issued by a normal user. Both. You get to use packages others have written the same way as you do on arch. And you can also decleratively specify your build environkent, or override some attributes like apply a custom patch in a package someone else wrote. But you are just as not required to learn nix, as you don’t need to know how to write a .deb package to use ubuntu But you simply don’t have to worry about it. You test it on the next LTS release of nixpkgs and that’s it. Your user may download a bit more data, but I found that nix is lightyears faster then fedora’s build tool, and on par with arch, while not polluting the whole filesystem with random files. I don’t see where would you need more maintainance. Because they do a ton of things and are full-featured IDEs. Of course it takes more resource than a vim or vscode instance which are only code editors Honestly, DLL hell is currently only a solved problem by nix and guix and at this point onwards, I don’t see much point in not porting everything over to the nix way of maintaining packages. How many require hospitalization? Because that number will easily overflow the available healthcare services increasing death of all other conditions.. It’s not that hard to understand Depending on the context of the program, both can be more comfortable. Pointers/enumerators? 0-based Heavy math problem? 1-based I believe there is a few languages which can let you set it Well, if an aimbot is only statistically as good as a good human player, does it matter anymore whether the player actually plays or a good bot? If it is only as good as a real player than it won’t be invincible and will be equivalent to playing with a few AIs in a multiplayer game - which already happens. Also, I believe the exact mouse movement will not be the same for a human and an aimbot - so not only statistics can be used to ban players Why would letting another app store be installable on an iphone make your mom not able to just use App Store the same way she does it now? It’s simply not an either or question. It could be hidden the same way as developer options are in Android so your mon - with all due respect - will never accidentally enable side-loading, while I can actually use my phone for whatever I want. That is absolutely irrelevant to the point. But there is now an actual solution to dependency hell: nix and guix deterministic build tools. Though I agree with you that binary compatibility itself is/was not that stable on linux as it was on windows. Believing that the Earth is flat is mostly harmless. Believing that vaccines cause autism, that covid is a hoax, etc is actively harmful to society and actually kills people (more often then not not the one who believe it in the first place). Not who you are replying, but fair points, and there is obviously a really important question at hands, that is trust. No one person can hold all the information, discoveries we have accumulated over the years, so we ultimately rely on the belief that someone we respect is trustworthy. And the thing to notice here is that even an astrophysicist can only BELIEVE that gravity exists, when asked even though they could most probably prove it if needed. With these things aside, the both sides mentality stops being applicable at a certain point. While one side can show you thousands of evidence that a certain cure does work, the other side shows one questionable example of it not working and it is enough for their believers. So as to answer the specific case with antivaxxers: I will not engage with such an argument because they in fact have no scientific leg to stand on automatically. For to have any meaningful debate, we would have to talk about a specific vaccine that may or may not be safe. If we have such a strong statement (in a mathematical sense) that ALL instance of something is a given property, is ought to not be true in a mathematical sense - and without understanding probabilities there is no point in arguing. Wayland is a display protocol, and the base of that protocol is deliberately really minimalistic - it’s there so different programs understanding the protocol can draw their rectangular windows on to the screen and that’s it. But Wayland developers did think of additional requirements but were thinking that ad hoc inventing something that may or may not be implemented downstream would be a bad idea (it is), so they created a standard way of adding extensions to the base protocol - which are created with cooperation between major desktop environments - the actual implementers of said protocols. And as of now, wayland is pretty feature-compatible with x, in an actually extendable way (much more close to the UNIX philosophy if that’s your thing). Or see my previous answer: write a custom extension for your compositor (which in most cases already exists and cross-DE) and add additional feature? Like, notification daemons like this already exist on sway (and every other compositor that use wlroots, a compositor backend). Brave is basically a chrome with preinstalled extensions, which would wither away the second chrome stopped being developed. Firefox is a treasure we should keep alive, because otherwise the web would turn into the same closed source walled garden, as most other things do. You are hurting them, and I’m not sure if this is too hard for you to understand or you are simply evil. I would be really interested in something like that, but do you believe that the pinephone would be powerful enough for that? Out of these, only Microsoft could reasonably develop a browser enginge - and they stopped doing so, decreasing the available web implementations by one. I’m not worried about google stopping chrome, it is way too big for that - just firefox is unique in what they are doing, and is irreplaceble from a freedom of web perspective. Good morning, wayland is stable Phosh is written from scratch and don’t have much to do with the actual gnome shell source-wise. You can just start typing your password - something you can’t do on windows and it drives me mad there. It is so frustrating dealing with anti-wayland anti-systemd anti-anything that changes the 30 year old status quo and makes linux actually alive instead of bitrotting on old computers.. Wayland is a display server - xorg started out as one as well, but it got extended to such an extant that at one point it contained a printing service as well. Wayland goes back to the base problem - how to display a window on a/many screens - and solves it splendidly. And leaves the rest to the actual desktop environment because it is not display related. UNIX phylosophy is not all that sexy when it is actually useful is it? But wayland developers were clever enough to add a proper extension management system so a client can query what is available and use what’s given. Does implementing wayland by multiple DEs consist of some duplicate work? Sure. Should we not refactor all the technical debt that accumulated over DECADES to the point where a new hardware was introduced? I think the answer is no. And I’m not sure which group is tribalist, the ones who blindly hate on something because - surprisingly - without work there would be nothing, or those who make the new thing usable. There is theoretical issues with the X way of handling graphics hardware. Also, wayland also uses sockets.. If we measure readiness by having every application ported over to wayland, then it will never come - but it is not a useful metric imo. Screensharing/recording works on wayland (that is, there are extensions supporting it). Clients are slower to adapt, but once stable chromium does, a major pain point in client availability will be solved (I mean electron apps) Wayland is developed by those who... wrote Xorg? Oh I see, misunderstood you there. Yeah, many apps are basically just the desktop version with some pre-configured scaling to make them barely usable - but as far as I know it is only by necessity until the mobile friendlier alternative emerges. But while it is good to see the advances mobile linux GUIs make, they are still far from usable as a primary device :/ I agree with you, and so it seems that actually allowing completely free speech is not that great of an idea in the end - as if it is banned from a major platform they will form their micro-platforms where they will think they are more numerous, and that their ideas are accepted. So I do believe that Europe see it well, there should be a certain border of free speech How about refuting the memory leaks claim? Or the others in previous posts as well, that were calling out impossible features of the lang (that sounded like some ad) Nitpicking nitpicks is still nitpicking. Well, I will believe it when I see it, as well as the other hard to believe claims like I don’t know how many lines of code/second compilation speed, perfect C-to-V compiler, etc. I’m not sure how many of it is still up on the website, because some were called out and were taken down. Just because it happens outside the ‘parents’ body doesn’t mean the environment does it anymore than a mother being only a filter around the womb and the environment. An egg is a complex life that can reproduce the whole organism (and actually with energy stored INSIDE, that’s why they are great nutritios value for others) It’s fair to try to solve issues. But these are hard issues, and it is at best overconfident to outright say they will do X, when they didn’t even started working on it, and at worse it may be a scam making money from donations, but I am hoping that it is the first case. At the start of the project, the source code was not available and I deliberately wrote that I really hope and want to believe that the first option is the correct. Nonetheless, this project did start controversially with absolutely bold claims, other, similarly small languages like zig interestingly doesn’t have bad connotations associated with it. Hopefully V will be able to shed these and will grow successful. Isn’t each cell a life form unto itself? Like there are cell lines from cancer cells that has been living outside their ‘host’ long after the human they were aquired from died (HeLa) They just specialize in an specific environment created and maintained by cells with the same genetic material Well, it is a difficult question as linux is a bazaar-style ecosystem and while apple can change something fundamental at a whim, every significant change in linux will result in a split of the community (with different ratios) and the ‘winner’ will slowly swallow the other. But still then, noone has the incentive in open-source to start porting their app (and usually, since the new thing will be a smaller community at first, it creates a negative feedback loop) - fortunately those that depend on frameworks more often than not can simply be started in wayland mode and no change is required by the maintainer. For more special clients (like a screen reader) you will need more time as these programs require special handling by the compositor so one has to create an extension for that and a/some DE should implement it then. It will take some time and maybe some niche program that relied heavily on the X implementation will never be ported, or will have to be recreated with wayland in mind (I mean those scripting little programs that read what is under the cursor and the like) Also, most DEs have really good backwards compatibility thanks to xwayland - because frankly some app will never be ported. (Also, accessibility is unfortunately quite the last thought on even paid platforms - and last I heard it was not all that great to begin with on linux) As for the latter: Or you know, most applications don’t need manual memory management because more often than not, programmers WILL get it wrong. Unless you really need that level of control over the hardware, you ARE better off with a good runtime env Completely agree. I would be interested in a modern, advanced user GUI trend - like most of the modern UIs optimize for discoverability and for a sufficiently complex use case (like photoshop, video/music editing software) where learning the UI is a must, most programs would need a feature-packed, hotkey/gesture-rich one. I don’t dislike python, but as far as I know reproducibility is a big problem in scientific circles (actually in both meanings, but I’m talking about copy-pasting codes not running at all). ML is famous for it and python is the most used language there. “ and that it's part of any reasonable strategy for controlling outbreaks of infectious disease.” Any source on that? As far as I know every disease that would still continue to decimate us, we managed to counter through vaccines, antibiotics or general availability of some other drug. Natural immunity does work in selected individuals but if it would work in sufficient quantities, a given disease would not spread? Like, don’t you think that the cases should start decreasing or at least platou already since we’ve been fighting this virus for a year already? Of course exponential growth is not sustainable and once it will decrease from natural immunity (or because so many people died that the average distance between people greatly increases) but I would rather not wait for a significant portion of humanity to die when there are solutions on the horizon. If the human immune system could effectively fight this virus than maybe there would not be goddamn 79 million infected?? As I’ve written in my other post - yes of course exponential growth will once ceize. But it is absolutely insane to think with the current trends that the outcome of waiting and doing nothing or infecting young people or every other stupid thing regarding natural immunity will effectively counter this virus - not until a significant percentage of humanity have already died. (Also, you do realize that vaccines work by “teaching” the immune system, right?) This could be the textbook example under hyperboles. Than don’t jump to conclusions based on click-bait headlines with no actual content. Here you are: “ There are two possible approaches to build widespread SARS-CoV-2 im- munity: (1) a mass vaccination campaign, which requires the development of an effective and safe vaccine, or (2) natural immu- nization of global populations with the virus over time. However, the consequences of the latter are serious and far-reaching—a large fraction of the human population would need to become in- fected with the virus, and millions would succumb to it. Thus, in the absence of a vaccination program, establishing herd immunity should not be the ultimate goal. Instead, an emphasis should be placed on policies that protect the most vulnerable groups in the hopes that herd immunity will eventually be achieved as a byprod- uct of such measures, although not the primary objective itself.” https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32433946/ That is true, but maybe Python doesn’t help with its primarily interpreter-based ecosystem (think of jupyter) where a result may only worked for the author because a variable he/she uses used to refer to something else no longer there in the source code (but still defined). Which bit me more than once with for example sage - but it may be simply a problem with jupyter/the way the scientific community writes code. May I ask you what sort of tools you use for verification, including language? Is it model checkers like TLA+? Most package manager formats are simple text files as well. Also, docker doesn’t solve the DLL hell problem, just pushes it out of sight. The nix package manager is something that actually solves it and it should be promoted and leave docker to things it is good at - containerization. What’s your opinion on the scalability of formal methods? Isn’t it still the case that basically formal verification is impossible to do for larger code bases (like at least 10-100x that of sel4 in lines of code) and even sel4 took many many years and experts? How would it tell that something is wrong? Like, it went through a wall, and the app let it do so - what’s the problem? Testing non-deterministic code paths are a really hard problem because you don’t really know what to test for. Offtopic but may I ask you for some game/OpenGL-related questions? I’m attending a computer graphics course and have to write a minecraft clone - and I don’t yet “feel” the performance of the CPU vs the GPU and sometimes I have trouble deciding which one to push. Like, am I allowed to call glDraw* multiple times per different objects when the data is already on the gpu, or should I try to push somewhat dissimilar objects into the same buffer and write more complicated shaders differentiating them (without ifs if possible?) or are gpus so performant nowadays that unless I do something stupid I should not worry about it? Moore’s law has ended quite a few years ago - or do you mean it regarding GPUs because I don’t know about that. But even though parallelism can be increased, the gains from them are limited as per Amdahl. Correct me if I’m wrong but ray tracing should iterate over every object in the general direction of that ray - and that can be less with things like AABBs and the like, while rasterization can throw away triangles with Z-masking. Is the former all that more efficient? Then the textures used for reflection is bad - not the ray tracing. Thank you for the informative answer! Though mushrooms contain large amounts of chitin which we can’t really digest, so I’m not sure they would be a good fit as base food. Small creators who need income will get barely anything, while the ones the youtube algorithm prefers will get all. So yeah support them directly if you want but not google so I think vanced and the like is perfectly fine solution. Youtube exploits creators’ work to make viewers at a cost of hosting said videos. It would be a pretty symbiotic thing but with the recent direction Google took I would rather not partake. Also, I barely use youtube. And I used to pay for for example google play music but as usual, google killed it. Not who you are responding to, but really interesting comment, thanks! I am not too knowledgeable on the topic, may I ask you what sort of confidence is required for a well working contact tracing application? A naiv those-who-live-together is so utterly useless that it was rejected? And do I get it right, you meant to real-time track everyone and if someone turns out to be infected, everyone gets quarantined who they met in the preceding days? What percentage of contacts can “slip through” so that it is still effective? Isn’t there a working trade-off like counting people who work together and family or is it still subject to unimplementable exponential explosion? Or am I asking the wrong questions as these are epidemiologic ones rather than technical? If so, excuse my lack of knowledge on the topic. Just by being an independent browser engine, firefox is arguibly one of the most important open source software projects - since basically everything is web-based nowadays and they are the only thing making the web the web, instead of a fancy google chrome runtime. Other than that, I pretty much value having actual privacy when browsing, and firefox is really really good at that with ad-blocking (which may easily go away with chrome and with the pace of development on it, forks will be in a pretty bad situation), containers, etc. I know it’s an analogy, but elevators are dead-simple concepts with many fail-safety mechanisms independent of the controlling ‘program’. Self-driving cars are ridiculously complicated black-box program with at most software fail-safes that are itself more complicated than one can reason about so the only thing remaining is empirical testing in real-world situations. And every single bugfix have to be retested substantially as it can just as easily make something else worse - and I don’t feel confident about today’s “self-driving” cars Do you think that increasing the number of autonomous cars will linearly decrease the number of accidents to a certain point? Don’t you think that increasing their number will increase the chances of meeting with really bad human drivers and we simply don’t have sufficient info on whether those ‘meetings’ are less or more deadly than with a human driver - and those are the cause of a significant chunk of accidents. And by intuition I doubt that today’s AI could react better than a competent human driver to someone cutting in front of it, and the like. Simply because we are better at reading high-level patterns in others’ driving. Reaction time is not the only metric that matters. Lol. At the level of tech? We are barely better than a lego mindstorm that goes forward until something is not closer than x centimeters.. (with a bit of sarcasm) An autonomous car can’t really exit a parking building (I’m not really sure what are they called, but those multi-level parking thingies) because it would require them to understand signs and the like and those may often be missing. Can an AI system learn on the fly (that would negate the testing done by the way)? Because I’m fairly sure other than sensor input “normalization”, they can’t and humans can. Today’s AIs are happy to correctly identify which lane they should be on - counting how many people are on a given vehicle is so way out of scope that there is no point continuing. But then we assume that autonomous cars will replace these bad drivers - which is a pretty unsubstantiated claim, and the same percentage of drivers still be this bad when autonomous cars are more popular - and we don’t have enough data to conclude that autonomous cars are better at dealing with these bad drivers than competent humans (and I assume this is not true as of yet) Detection is pretty much where AIs excel so I doubt it would be a hard problem. And it could also just disable driving the car and that’s it, saving the same amount of people. But that doesn’t require self-driving, but a commonly implemented emergency brake in a ‘normal’ car. They can easily surpass humans in really specified problems like looking at millions of cells and identifying which is likely cancerous. Today’s AIs are pretty bad at complex problems where each subproblem would require a specific AI and then some logical thinking on top measuring each results’ to each other. And driving in non-trivial circumstances is definitely in the latter category And I would choose a fly over today’s state of the art computer vision systems because they are still better than the latter. There is a person in front of me, and the signal is on. Does it see me or only that other person? And frankly, it should not be legal. Either don’t sell it as self-driving / don’t even have that feature, or take full responsibility (within normal limits) for any accident. They have a post detailing why they went with a more embedded-like processor over one that could run linux. Probably they just had covid-related issues. I’m sure some much larger companies also had issues due to it. Maybe I misunderstand something, but I use jupyter for sage for example and the point of it is that graphical results can be shown there immediately. Some plots can be even made interactive. Learning another language with basically the exact same mental model behind them is not as worthy to spend time on. But learning a language with an entirely different paradigm is really eye opener and will make you a better programmer even if you’ll never write a line of code in it. For example, learning Haskell is a really good way to learn about FP and then you can easily apply it in a not strictly FP language. Prolog is interesting because it is really niche, and “learning it” as in solving a few easy problems will definitely not take much time but will add another way to think about a problem to your toolkit. How can you steal something that is basically free to copy (I mean the process of copying)? It is not even the same case as with songs and movies where the actual creator may arguibly lose “something”, but the author here doesn’t even get compensation from his/her work based on journal sells. The only thing scihub does is not give additional profit to journals, while greatly enhancing the life of many many people partly those that produce the actual value as well (even those who would otherwise have access because university vpns suck), and morally the latter is the good thing to do. The facebook website managed to eat 1GB of ram alone multiple times. Then there is no point in having a browser platform, because we are back where we started from. Then why don’t we simply run JVM apps, there are at least a handful of implementations, and it has at least a decent GUI (half joking here). But really, the JVM is where WASM may be several years later. All of it already exists with the JVM. It may be. As far as I know GraalVM can compile it AOT, but I don’t know about it’s performance characteristics. Java Applets were a security risk, but it was decades ago. Modern JVM has many options to sandbox a running app. But it seems that WASM tries to be a mininal CPU target instead, which is questionable - I can’t wait seeing memory errors (even if only inside a single webpage) on the web. With the good quality GCs available with JS, but even more so on JVM, I would say that running system languages should not be the point. What do you think of as risk factor in terms of inequality? I read the table more in terms that monetary help for the poor would be the most important, since most of The educationally important qualities seem to be non-cognitive, based on this study. If you meant the higher chance of mental illness correlating with IQ genes, than I think mental illness treatment as whole should substantially change to make it more socially acceptable, and help paying for it for those who need it. The important part is not the source code but the content. As for libgen, they provide torrents per 1000 (I think) books, so maybe downloading and seeding those could be helpful? (But I heard they recently created IPFS mirros as well) If it is well known human behaviour, is it their personal responsibility? Especially combined with the deliberate exploitation of said behaviour by corporations? It depends on many factors. If propaganda comes in small amounts, it will not be apparent and one can fall victim of it. If it comes in a sudden, big quantity, people may react with disgust and be more wary of similar content in smaller amounts. For an example, younger people can easily be effected watching videos with slight racism. Yet if you were to put a straight up neonazi speech in front of them, they would probably be disgusted. What does memory leak free mean? It has a semantic meaning. If I have a queue with elements and I won’t be accessing some of it in the next part of the program, is it a leak? Also, remember that certain GCd languages intern strings, is it a memory leak since it will not necessarily use it anymore? These robots are nowhere near the strength of an industrial one, so that’s a bad comparison - it is perfectly safe to dance alongside them. I am not sure about the exact number, but the dog-like robot can handle at most 30-40 kilos of weight, maybe the humanoid a bit more but in the same ballpark. The most dangerous would be the rolling one, since it has a counterweight, and crashing into someone would be bad but that’s it. They are absolutely not your average “able to lift 1 tonne” hydraulic arm robots that could indeed barely notice a human as resistence in its movement. I think you overestimate human intelligence. Surely, as of yet we are the most intelligent thing in the known universe, and the human mind can seemingly discover/invent/understand everything. But knowing that our math itself has a limit, and we are already pushing that limit with some problems it is naiv to think that the human brain is all that much capable. (Interestingly enough we are intelligent enough to somewhat know our limits - like the complexity of ZFC) While once singularity happens, an AI has basically only material limits to the complexity it can manage (though what I found beautiful is that even that would hit a limit not necessarily higher than we do - like there will be a busy beaver number it can’t reason about) Not repeating the others: If a package does end up using multiple version of the same lib, nixos can even deduplicate it somewhat, by symlinking one’s documentations to the other’s. Oh yeah, you are right. But in the case of libgen, other’s mentioned it is open source. And that’s why the Earth will collapse on humanity, growth over everything else.. Money is not the only value here, so I don’t see why it has precedence over what other’s find valuable? But doing things the way in line with what is “acceptable” for your employees could be seen as a cost that should be substracted from the profits as any other cost is. I don’t see why would it be bad? We already don’t do things like working children (unfortunately we still do it in third world countries) and the like, even though it could increase margins. Rust’s compiler does way more work than Go’s - it is not priorities.. I think with SIMD we have a language problem - the for construct is not what we often want to use, but a map. Also lack of distinction of pure and impure functions on most C based languages, basically disallow a lot of opportunities for proper simd. I don’t understand why a fast debug build mode and a really slow, but super-optimizing (not necessarilly in the meaning you mentioned in your link) compiler is not more used (I think zig does that). It would be the best of both words, really fast write-compile-test phase, and a production ready, fast binary on release. (i know that -O0-3 is similar, but on the whole it is not as popular as it could) While it is not truly private, it is absurd to compare it to a company that lives from tracking people and selling their data.. What sort of code do you see that is slower than Python?? It is either the “we have rewritten it in X language and due to the nature the rewrite we actually realized what is a better architecture for our software/half of the features are not even needed”, or you compare totally unrelated things. Also, I think people commonly underestimate complexity. Just look at your typical npm package description, it is not XML, yet you would never be able to write it by hand. For sufficient complexity, XML is quite good and human parseable. Also, it simply doesn’t matter. Noone writes 344 hello world projects. What may be missing (but is there with spring boot for example) is an auto-generator for projects. Setters and getters are only popular in Java EE/Spring based environments (and it can be easily useful). There is nothing in java that requires it per se, it’s just a design pattern/“standard” for some library to dynamically inspect objects. As for the amount of time it takes, I’m fairly sure that it takes less time to press alt+insert+select setters getters than it is to write anything, but to each there own. It’s not like people read source code from top to bottom. Also, this decimates your velocity is just straight-up coming from an alternative world. How do you write code, are you copying something by typing? I’m sorry to assume it, but I think you only know about java development from third-hand infos and it has nothing to do with reality. Fact is, Java is so huge that for every unreadable mess of a project, you get someone working on robot programming or something totally different with proper architectural decisions and the like. It is quite a bad take to assume it for the whole language. Go instead decided to go with a minimal runtime with a one-two order worse GC than any you can find in the JVM, which will result in inferior throughput in actual world benchmarks. While generating less garbage decreases the load on the GC so it can sometimes get away with it, complex server apps will not fall into this category. So actually, I really don’t see much value in go, other than the “you can throw as many developer at it, because they can’t really step on each other’s foot” which is actually great for what it was created for. Every language is fundamentally broken from day 1, whether it is a known tradeoff or something that remains hidden for several years. Also, even if you had the perfect language with a presumably not-mainstream feature, you would have to make that feature somewhat known in the developer ecosystem (just look at Rust’s borrow checker, it does cause issues for newcomers as opposed to features already having an analog in other languages). While FP ideas were known before Java (ML predates it by quite a few years), it has become only recently more acceptable, so it makes sense to only know incorporate it into the language (and yet again, do note that FP is not a silver bullet so java has to let developers write imperative constructs just as well as before) But it is almost never used (recently the unsafe package even got deleted). And Java has basically everything else written in Java, so it is not as often used as Rust’s unsafe. Java will have a safe foreign memory API soonish. I think every sufficiently large community will have outliers (in both direction), and Java is huge. I have a similarly bad opinion on the average JavaScript developer (or basically every “average” developer), but it is the product of the business decisions behind projects (cheap, bad developers, with huge churn rate) more than fundamental technical one. Nonetheless, I’m sorry for my previous overtly aggressive comments, it has no place here. Also, the OpenJDK is completely open source (even though it is primarily developed by Oracle employees), it’s not like there is any risk in using it. Google is sued because it created a java-copy instead of buying a license from Sun which explicitly required one for mobile devices. You don’t really need to tune the JVM for most applications other than setting a maximum heap size. More than likely you will make things worse than the defaults. The compiler can inline the necessary instruct in-place for such an architecture. I think no jumping away is meant more in terms of no hidden side effect I agree with you in that I really like and really miss them from languages since most of them doesn’t have it in a feasible way. But sealed classes are coming fortunately in Java at least. If it really bothers you, there is lombok. But I will tell you something, the complexity of most programs will require many lines of code that you simply can’t decrease anymore. Whether it is more by a tiny tiny factor doesn’t matter, over performance, observability and maintainability of a language - though being on the JVM, the mentioned languages can tick all of them (I’ve only written groovy with gradle, but due to the lack of typing, I though of it as more of a scripting language) It depends on the program domain, but I think it must have been quite fun designing a game as opposed to the client still doesn’t know what it wants and this API should instead do this. A language can’t be separated from the platform it runs on and the JVM has really good concurrency primitives, so a lib written on top of them will be top notch. Furthermore, the JVM will run circles around Beam with its state of the art GC and JIT compiler. (Not trying to start a flamewar, I really like Erlang, but the JVM is really incredible) I think he meant that naively implementing an algorithm may not be bounded by the O notation he/she originally wanted due to code calling other functions “hidden” from the programmer. Inefficiency and algorithmic complexity is imo not necessarily the same all the time. For a beginner, inefficiencies like allocating in loops and the like (which can often be optimized) are not that big of a problem, since they only change a constant factor. On the other hand, O(n^2) and it’s supersets can be problematic when applied blindly. I don’t remember the exact situation but I recall a GUI app that listed some options in a drop-down menu. But on each click, they managed to call a function with O(n^2) complexity and you don’t need many elements to get a big number that way, so the drop-down visibly froze the UI (I guess it was an older framework with no separate thread/just bad code that worked on the main thread). Of cource relax and enjoy programming, but I think reading up on algorithms can be fun and useful for the long term! A nitpick because this is an accepted notation, but as others mentioned in the thread: when someone writes 2n+3 = O(n) they mean 2n+3 \in O(n) (\in is little epsilon in latex, that is “element of set”), since O(f) is the set of all functions that has “f as an upper bound”. It was the contrary for me. I think it helps understanding that we are actually put a value to each line of code that gets executed, but instead of microbenchmarking, we do it in an abstract way, say print gets c1 constant, addition gets c2 and the like. For loops will multiply the instructions’ sum inside them by the number of times they get executed. And basically that’s it. You sum the whole thing and get something like (c1+c2) n+c3 for a for loop over an n element list or something with two instructions inside and one other outside the loop. Since these were arbitrary constants, c1 and c2 can be replaced by another one, so you’ve got c n+c3, and since (I’m not gonna be mathematically rigorous here) as n changes, it will be much larger than the others, we are only interested in it, hence it was an O(n) algorithm. The eye-opening thing about it was that for simple algorithms, I only need high-school math to analyze them for different measurements. Like, memory allocation is costly for this sort of application and I want to measure that, just count each malloc instead! (But do note that it is quite hard/impossible to rigorously analyze programs for modern CPUs with cache misses and the like) A function f(n) is O(g(n)) if the graph of f will be underneath the graph of g(n) for a big enough n. (If we want to be more correct, then I would have to add that if there exists a positive number c, and c g should be above the graph of f) So f(n):=3n+28 will be O(n^2), because choosing c as 3, for every n greater than or equal 4, 3 n^2 will be greater than f(n). It would help if I could draw some graphs, but hopefully it helps. Not necessarily set-up time, but either constants can reverse the roles, or the fact that CPUs are hardly complex and the model most often used in analyzing algorithms is more simple and doesn’t map too well to things like caches, branch-prediction and the like. SpaceX gets tons of government funding, while NASA’s was greatly cut over the years.. I use and like protonmail. Actually, it is harder to do in the US than in Europe due to the insane amount of sugar they put into everything (even bread!). Also, keeping oneself to a diet is a habit change, which is like the hardest thing to do, so don’t think lowly of those who have some trouble keeping themselves to it. I didn’t downvote but perhaps the overtly scientific writing. I had trouble understanding it even though I have some background in medicine. I mostly agree with you, but then the solution should not be a proper definiton of hate speech instead of letting it go? Also, I don’t see it misrepresented in actual laws, but only in non-law-related contexts. If we trust juries with the proper application of not always clear laws (and we do just that currently), than I don’t see the point of the usual “slippery slope” argument. It is hate speech in Saudi Arabia by definition of law (I guess, but I didn’t look up your claim). In Germany there is a different law for hate speech with a proper definition, made by the government chosen by the people - which may or may not have been the case in the former case. I don’t see how a law on hate speech is any different from all the other laws. Separation of powers is a thing (and it should be the highest priority of the people to keep it separate), and there are already plenty of rules controlling every aspect of our lives. How is it different in the case of hate speech? A theoretical case of a dictator rising would mean that a) he/she changes the definition of said hate speech to be more ambiguous b) infiltrate/corrupt the juries to remove people they deem dangerous to them. Now, if they manage to do a, they can have an easier time removing said opponents, but only with some corruption on the juries’ side. And if that happens, they could do away with the change of law, since any law can be applied to the oppnents in this case. What? Class methods are responsible for upholding the class invariants. That is, it provides you a way to encapsulate internal state. Of course all your class methods should be responsible for upholding that - but if you find that there are too many methods, you perhaps need a rethinking of architecture. Perhaps adding a wrapper class over an inner class? The inner class is the only thing responsible for upholding said class invariants, but the outer one can access it in different ways, without hurting the invariants. Java wasn’t open-source at the time Google copied it. In fact, the only thing that was prohibited by Sun’s license was mobile usage - they wanted to make money on Java with it. So Google should get sued to hell for blatantly copying it (and they are really bad at shepharding, just look at the state of android java vs openjdk) It is basically just a portable cpu architecture with everything it entails (manual memory management, etc). While there are plans for a gc, it seems hard to fit into this model (but I’m sure the team can pull it off). It is basically made so c/cpp and other low level languages could be run inside browsers, and I don’t really see the point of it? Like, it is probably good for a video editor running inside a browser, but it will probably mostly entail all sort of mining, unnecessarily usage of cpu and the like. And it won’t magically improve performance, since at the boundary , calling javascript is really expensive, usually much more than writing the whole thing in js. Unless of course if someone does plenty of numerical computations. AOT is not by itself anything good/fancy. As others mentioned, java could be AOT compiled since ancient times. Graal is state of the art/interesting, because it uses a different compilation technique than usual, looking at the program to be compiled incorporated with the interpreter for that compilation - which result in superior results for AOT compilation, and in the case of a replacement of JIT compilers, it looks promising (but not yet surpassing Hotspot). Android’s java is pretty terrible in comparison, just saying. As far as I know, full, profile-guided optimizations are the only paid features. Also, if Graal is instead used in place of Hotspot as a JIT compiler, there is no need for that so you get the “whole package”. > No part of Oracle's suit against Google relied on the claim that "Java wasn't open-source at the time Google copied it" It had a specific license explicitly disallowing mobile use. Everything else is irrelevant - google knowingly broke the license, didn’t they? This is copyright infringement. As for whether their copy of Java’s API at the time could constitute fair use and thus not subject to copyright law is up to debate and my personal opinion doesn’t matter on it. Yes, I absolutely dislike the direction web browsers went - was just trying to illustrate the point of wasm. In a more ideal world, I would like to see the JVM underneath modern web browsers And there is no reason the spread FUD. Oracle v. Google has nothing to do with it (Java’s licence at the time explicitly disallowed mobile usage) Do you have an examples that give rise to any sort of concern about the usage of GPL-licenced code (regardless of code owner)? I think reflection works with GraalVM native compile - the only catch is that the set of classes to be inspected by it should be known beforehand. Yes. But for longer running apps you are probably better off with a JVM since it will have better peak performance. About your last paragraph, I did try to get as close to primary sources as possible, without digging into the actual briefs, and I am no lawyer, so my understanding on these topics have a shaky foundation. But if you have done so, at least you as a presumably secondhand information source, could you give me a rebuttal on why am I wrong? It’s as big of an internal state as you make it/minimum as large as the problem domain requires. Functional programming doesn’t solve any of these problems by itself. There are cases where mutating state is better, and there are others, where it is worse fit. And the latter can just as well be expressed inside a class, like there is no requirement for mutation. I think the two should go hand-in-hand, and for different parts of a program different paradigms can be used? Maybe even add actos-based programming as a possibility, but there is nothing inherently bad with OOP imo, and it is the best way to encapsulate some logic. I would rather not trust a company with my life that has trouble with basic things like security.. GraalVM does precisely that for dynamic languages (with really really impressive speeds, graaljs’s performance can be in the same ballpark as v8 when it comes to peak performance). But as far as I know, there Java re-implementation on top of it uses byte-codes. What’s wrong with type erasure? It’s always get brought up, but other than missing overloading (it never occured to me, but it is at least an objective criticism), it is basically what every single language does, other than c#. Come on, you guys are in every thread nitpicking tiny tiny things like this, while the alternative is literally incomparably worse, and the only thing you achieve by this is making firefox’s case harder for those who don’t look up your ridiculous claims... First of all, all of these things can be turned off; second, checking if you are using an outdated, potentially insecure browser is essential - if there is a vulnerability, the least of your problem will be that one goddamn ping to a mozilla domain... There is no need for FSD, just a simpler AI/sensors that detects collision and breaks before the driver does (which is already a feature in some cars) Fail safety doesn’t mean anything, if the decisions it makes is bad, like thinking a plastic bag is a solid object on the road, or simply forgetting where the lane is over a distance and swerving into oncoming traffic.. Wouldn’t it make sense that “hardware” gets tested before it can go on the roads, why is it not the case with software? And if they find a bug, than disable the software whole-sale until it is tested by regulators again (since it can introduce new bugs as well) Try (don’t) to drive by looking only at the display of it than.. An advanced enough AI, and we are really far from it. Current AIs are really good at isolated problem solving, but driving is not in that domain. Then feel free to look it up in the source code, or even patch it. What’s up with type safety? The only escape hatch is casting (and of course co/contra/invariance, but it is a semantic issue). Overloading may be a legit issue, but I am yet to run into it, you are right about arrays and value types, but they are being worked on and hopefully project valhalla can solve these issues. C++’s templates have different trade-offs (lack of semantic validation, though perhaps it is solved by concepts and constraints? I haven’t looked into them yet) Modernizes C language = Zig. But I don’t see a point in using systems languages for the usual UNIX tools, they could be rewritten in a more secure language. In the rare case performance is important, there is FFI, but they are usually IO-bound so there is not much point. It would not stop these sort of exploits if I’m not mistaken (ok, it could help since rewriting return addresses is not possible I think), but memory errors that cause logic bugs are still possible. But experience with one language tranfers quite well to a new one. I also see a deep problem from the business side, that a programmer is easily replaceable ot that just by throwing more (mediocre) people at the problem will help solve it faster, or even the existence of rock-star developers. Building software is slow, because essential complexity. We are writing programs that no one person can hold in their heads. And based on the average CRUD app, it might not be trivial (even though they are already increasingly complex), but more complex applications really can take multiple years/decades to create. And it is a bit sad that there is little focus on reuse, even though that is the only silver-bullet out there. No language, no tool; but (high-quality) libraries. Both of them achieved a minimum viable product stage at that point. Git is good today because of the many many additional time that were spent on it, and a programming language is not software in itself. I am fairly sure that we don’t use a thing from Eich’s implementation. And the building of V8 engine for example started in 2008! (And even the language had to go through multiple revisions to make it useable, which it became only recentishly) Noone will write a VM with state-of-the-art GC, JIT compilation and the like in 2 weeks from scratch, and this is an example of a complex application. But that is because OSs are not rewritten from scratch every time, but rather iterated upon. Just try to use facebook, messenger or countless other “apps”. They have so low quality that I don’t understand how can they even allow publishing those.. There are regular UI glitches, I frankly can’t believe the UI that the requested functionality went through and have to double check, and I even have to check if it didn’t issue commands I didn’t want to. For some code, yes. What about a complete refactor of the core functionality of said program, with parallelism and the like? “The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you.” - Heisenberg It doesn’t matter whether I’m atheist or not, but to state that you can fully explain - well - any process of the universe is simply naive. There are areas we know many things about, but biology itself has an enormous amount of accidental complexity, (which is often brought up by atheists as a criticism of design) for example many many signal path ways that do fundamentally the same thing, but differently. Compared to that, spaghetti codes have good architecture. Whether God exists or not is imo orthogonal to the complexity of the world around us. First of all, I though we are past the time where attacking other’s beliefs is acceptable. Second, have you ever heard of this thing called philosophy? It is not useless to think about the word in an abstract way - without necessary relevance to the physical world. Like, what IS math? By the way, I do not approve of those believer that go against science, since I think belief and actual reality can go hand-in-hand, and even with God, or perhaps because of Him, one can appreciate the beauty of sciences. Beliefs are not solely there to explain the “unexplainable”, you forgot the human part of it. I agree that explaining what we don’t know with God is, well.. not explaining it. But if the said believer is not blinded by the charlatany branch of his/her religion (in case of Christianity there are many such, and many are absolutely fine with sciences), then I don’t see no evil. For some people it is calming to know that their loved ones “can’t” inexplicably die in every moment in an accident, that perhaps someone is watching over them - and many other, fundamental human innate cravings that want a God. (Which of course begs the question of isn’t God just a projection) Does pi (math) exist at all is perhaps the more interesting question. Or that why can seemingly ‘random’ rules we made up be applied to the real world. Especially when it comes to infinity. > One can explain anything based on the God hypothesis Why would it be the case? 1+1=3 because God exists? And thus your conclusion is false. DNA can’t bootstrap itself, so to say. So previous cell-functionality is required for everything, so you can only re-instantiate an entire organism if you have a denucleated pluripotent cell from an evolutionary close enough organism. (But correct me if I’m wrong) And then calculate the odds that the given DNA (though the RNA hypothesis seems more plausible) is in sufficient conditions like inside a lipid-bilayer with sufficient nucleotides for a reproduction - which is more than likely thermodynamically not a stable state to be in, so add another factor with an e^(-x) expression. But this is more of a proof how insanely big a mole is, rather than the fundamental question. Also, Rubik’s cube possibilities is not that high. Try to create each permutation of a standard deck of cards (hint: there are less atoms in the universe than the number of permutations) Though it is sort of well understood in embryology. It was quite some times ago I studied it, but the big picture is that each cell starts out as a so-called pluripotent cell, that can turn to every other cell type. The important first step is axes selection (head-tail, left-right). The left-right axes is selected in a really interesting way, cells in the middle have a little flagella that tends to rotate in a specific direction. (If my memory is right, the condition where someones internals are all mirror images of “normal” is caused by some problem with these) Now secreted signal molecules will be concentrated on one side, and this selects the given side. But the big picture is that each cell has a decision tree, and local signal molecule concentration is the criteria on which they decide. And later each cell has the ability to express yet another signal molecule and so on. If we were to imagine a 2d plane and you could symmetrically place a secretion center of A and B signal in a left and right region respectively, than you can have a new type of cell in the middle if it changes based on “signal A and B is on”. Isn’t it still just a canvas with basically no accessibility, and all the negatives of a flash app? The world may be rational, the human mind is definitely not (even when we believe so) - for some people, believing in a higher entity helps. And they can work harder because of it, or simply have better mental health. Also, many scientists were/is religious, so let it be a personal choice, up until it doesn’t hurt others. You can’t really respect another person if you disrespect his/her religion.. Math is not that easy. How does something like eg. Group Theory fits into this “definition”? And yet, it is useful to the real world. Superstition is not religion. I meant it in terms of a widget with no notion of the DOM. You can’t really right click, select, only if the app creator overrides those events. Nothing native. Also, what if the creator embeds an ad inside a canvas? You would need an AI to hide it from there. So, all in all a pretty terrible direction to go.. Ok, what about the vision impaired? Or any other point I mentioned? Life is not built on ‘binary’, there are 4 bits. All four nucleotides take part in the encoding (reading happens on one thread only). And since life was presumably started with RNA, we are still talking about 4 base elems I did think about that, that’s why I added the second paragraph, namely that what about RNAs? (Since presumably they precede the DNA world) They can self-bind (I don’t know the proper nomenclature in English), but by all means they have 4 bases. Thermodynamics would beg to differ about your first sentence. Also, I’m not trying to disprove your point, since life did emerge in some way and I’m not fond of unscientific explanations. But it is naiv to assume that life is a definite outcome given an Earth-like situation with a primordial soup. RNAs are a single chain. Your point makes no sense. A code with a 4 letter alphabet would be 2 letter, if it happened to use a parity “bit” or other error correction info? I replied in terms of your first sentence. Molecules doesn’t concentrate spontaneously without active energy expenditure from someone (putting salt in a pot will have salt uniformly distributed everywhere). Now, either there were some naturally formed impermeable areas with an abundance of base material (yet again, I’m not saying life emerged because the UFOs created it), or we are talking about many orders of magnitude less statistical chances. I am willing to believe that many, not individually extraordinary thing had to happen at the same time, that made life possible - but that pretty much makes their combined presence extraordinary, which is my claim. (Some form of underwater volcanic caves or whatever could sound like a possibility, especially because last I checked, starting sticked to a surface with certain catalytic activities is a plausible theory. Especially due to the reduced statistical chances due to a 2D surface instead of a 3D one! What I have a bit of trouble seeing, is how did organic materials form - I am aware of the famous experiment with lightning bolts that created ammonia and some other chemicals, but it would only slowly increase their uniform distribution in the oceans. Perhaps some chemical reaction with gases that made them accumulate? ) I don’t understand your second point. Which web app works offline?? (Unless they are deliberately made for that purpose. Hell, even most electron apps refuse to work without a connection) They regularly make new requests, there is literally no difference between SSR and CSR in this regard - it seems a bit that you are arguing with a straw men. Like, what does a webshop do which is written in react/whatever and you go to the next “page”, it hadn’t loaded yet? Also, noone would even think that it is unreasonable for a WEBapp to phone home. What people have trouble with is tracking, that is orthogonal to the current topic and should be condemned. Back then, looking native was the most important thing. Today it seems electron apps can get away with looking anything but native - so perhaps it’s time to resurrect some other desktop frameworks (I just recently started working with JavaFX and I really like it so far. Unfortunate that it is so niche) Perhaps they forgot to disable 2G on their servers /s