NP-complete problems are for sissies. Paul Graham can solve any problem in the Arithmetic Hierarchy in O(1). hear hear because it overlaps almost completely with ruby. And Io, probably. we've been using it for almost a year now, and are pretty ok with it. There are occasional downtimes that are annoying, but as others said, not a big deal. We are also reasonably happy with the simple issue tracker, although it misses some _really_ important features it is ok for our needs (but damn, I'd love attachments). well, rubyspec covers builtin and bundled libraries. Not that this makes ruby-the-language simple, anyway. what is wrong with URI.parse in the stdlib? the articles' re goes out of url validation to get urlish things in free text, (e.g. " lokk at http://goo.com/bat , lovely" the comma would actually be part of a valid url, but the regex tries to detect this. Yet, for url validation ruby's lib is enough, I believe. try URI.regexp('http') :) slashdot style metamoderation FTW! just to point it out, postgres now has a builtin hash data type. This sees like it could be a better solution thatn serialized json http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.4/static/hstore.html IIRC twitter images are served from S3, so probably just a different dns? compete, quantcast and alexa http://siteanalytics.compete.com/twitter.com/ http://www.quantcast.com/twitter.com http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/twitter.com but with all the new deals they got, they are probably going to restart growing soon. And of course there are lies, damn lies and web-statistics-selling companies. I disagree with the premise: there are a lot of elegant logic puzzles (consider: to mock a mockingbird), it's just that a lot of puzzles dod not fall in this category :) I was thinking "eh, just like my brother used to", so I told him the problems and he solved both in about 5 mins (although the first one the same way I did, it seems trivial if you can ybpx gur fnzr fnsr jvgu obgu ybpxf ng gur fnzr gvzr but also seems slightly wrong) reason it is unsatisfactiry (I had the same) is that one of the safe is not used, imo apple and oranges, if the beauty of the problem is in a clean elegant solution that does not require all of the pieces, it is not a well posed riddle, or solution. That's why the solution to the wolf-sheep-cabbage problem is not "just add more floating stuff so you can bring all at once, idiot". The comparison to school and exams, appears unrelated to me: there are situations where external aid kills the point (e.g. calculator for arithemitic in firs grade). wrt value types, shouldn't it be partially solved by escape analisys? Cfr: http://weblogs.java.net/blog/forax/archive/2009/10/06/jdk7-d... not that it would matter much in the case anyway, I guess. I am surprised by the lack of the Brother Metal page, but I'm not sure if it deserves being added or deleted :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cesare_Bonizzi one of the most interesting moments of my 2009 was listening to a guy showing off this http://tafkav.blogspot.com/ and talking about how we do not still consider plants (and computers!) as having rights (cfr. "Should Trees Have Standings?"). This seems completely unreasonable to us but the same was true between e.g. people and animals, europeans and native americans, japanese and chinese (see the nanking massacre). The "evolution of empathy" is probably still an ongoing process for which our descendants will consider us barbarians. yeah, although I wonder what is the reason for "Last modified: January 15, 2010", 30 mins later, no we're not >Twitter gets hacked more often than this. Really? I can remember only twice, in a bout a year, although admittedly I was not paying much attention that woul be true for most non verbal human communications, I'm afraid. My latest experience is with Norwegians, who seem to make an aspirated "uh!" sound for the equivalent of the conversational "mh-mh, keep going". I thought for a while they were perpetually stupefied people. the de beers de facto monopoly is a schoolbook example, e.g. why do they make commercials if they are the only ones seeling something? Because they have to prove that diamonds are actually better than other luxury goods (and also interesting is the fact that their commercials sell diamonds, not de beers diamonds) yes but you can't drive them around. You get yourself a cool car, wherver you go people will see a person in a cool car. You get a nice house only people in your neighborhood will know. I believe it's actually pretty easy in e.g. Preview.app on the mac. (I am having a bit of an issue parsing the last sentence but I guess it was "hasn't") Isn't the DaVinci/MLVM project an example of how Sun actually tried to move towards dynamic and non-java languages in the JVM? invokedynamic & method handles are already in the upcoming java 7, and that goes a long way towards supporting dynamic languages on the JVM. I never tried speedreading, but since a friend of mine surprised me by telling me she read 62 books last year my new year decision was to read more. I am keeping up with one a week until now and I am no genius yet I have a job, friends and girlfriend, so if studying how to read faster brings this little improvement, I'm baffled. the interesting bit is they are using code from webkit. I wonder if mozilla could also integrate google's Irregexp regular expression engine, which appears to be scarily fast in some probably irrelevant tests :) http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=reg... you may like __git_ps1 :) I actually implemented a shakespeare interpreter exactly cause I found it neat so here's an upmod :) no, I actually think he meant "given the same reindeers" roody, rufus, reek, flay, flog, probably more. Sadly, in the current state of the ruby community it's even hard to find a library that will run with ruby's own warnings enabled. happy zabbix user here, it's true, the ui is not especially obvious, but it works quite well, and with the graphing capabilities it is also a reasonable replacement for cacti. clean code, yes, but some of the warnings are actually generated in situations where the code won't be cleaner (e.g. lazy initializing an instance variable not declared in the initialization method) and since quite a lot of the most common libraries have _a lot_ of warnings, it becomes unlikely that you will have them enabled in your app, and so the thing self propagates IIRC oxen is a vestigial dual (not plural) form, so quite appropriate. may well be true, my source is an old State of the Onion talk from Larry Wall, which although a linguist is probably not the most qualified in the world :) well, I do, but I understand why people don't. The likely better solution would be to have structured warnings you can enable/disable by, selector such as warning class, declaring namespace, using namespace or whatever, but that seems quite unlikely :) I guess you only saw trymongo but never experienced the original TryRuby? If not, please take a look at it :) I'd say it stands better. You have to consider the author is of a literary persuasion, and wrote the article in the '94, unix was something obscure to normal people and popularity of free unixish things were years to come. I'd have bet on the lack of a generalized "good eating culture", which automatically makes ready made food more acceptable. what earlier books? I lived in rome for about 20 years and trust me, "angels & daemons" is way far from 'researched' even at the obvious geographical details. Though I agree his works do have a lot of crumbs of informations to put someone on a long wikipedia spree :) I (a guy) read a lot more fiction (because I'm usually reading a few books at once, and the ficton ones can be read faster), but my girlfriend mostly reads mostly non-fiction,because somehow she finds it more pleasant (apart from terry pratchett, apparently) I'd say he most interesting thing in neko is the idea of using a full featured simple language as the base for multi-language-same-vm interoperability. Contrast to, for example, parrot, clr. yet now they are much more overlapping: ads, mobile, marketplace, online services. It will be interesting to see what happens. but sony has proved that it could go on for almost seventy years even after the death of the founder, while apple had a pretty bad time when the charismatic leader was not there. I am honestly wondering if apple can survive steve. sorry i did not express myself clearly: I was not talking of the recent health issues, I am thinking of the years in which he was not at apple (eightysomething to '97) I took a loock at the code but I'm not sure i understand one thing: why one class per file for case classes, scala is much cooler than that :) it seems simple which is good, but it also seems way too simple. Some suggestions * I understand why you want to list A->B and B->A separately, but I'd say it should be the default that someone is able to translate both ways, so favour the common case and let users correct it later. * Also, If I am fluent in N languages, I must list all the individual pairs, but it seems unlikely someone able to translate english to swedish and english to norwegian wont be able to do swedish to norwegian too. I'd say "list languages you can work with, then review pairs" is a better option. What is there to guarantee the quality of the translation? I0've seen the stars, but they only make sense after a translator has worked for a long time. * Couldn't translators at least link/list previous works in the language pair? * Could we have some kind of meta-moderation? Say, each translator from lang x/y is randomly given a snippet of someone else's translation and can rate it. * Couldn't we have preventive moderation? Request translation of a tiny text for some non-profit org, say, two sentences of wikipedia, and submit it to other translators for validation (or just check it's not google translate's output) I've seen abhorrent translations between niche languages (e.g. hungarian & italian) because the customer has no way to tell if the translation is good, and usually does not even have structure in place to _collect feedback about it_. This means there is not even the chance of going back post facto to take back your money/improve your translation/give bad rating. In practice this translates into a perfect market for lemons Finally: technical writing is not marketing writing, nor literature, nor drama and especially not legal speak, I believe listing categories in which you are confident is much needed. But all in all, I wish you the best luck and these are mostly minor nitpicks :) I trick could be to change the interface: from [combo] to [combo] (and viceversa [check box]) This way you can keep your preferred default of only one direction but allow adding the other more easily. it's in the specs, starts at 449 with wlan, 16gb I still don't get the 200M losses per day. They are not paying back tickets /natural causes), nor taking care of passengers (hei, no out fault!) and I somehow doubt most people are buying tickets two days before flying. Can someone explain? they are lexically scoped, so as a non expert, I guess they are closer to scheme than to CL well, it works if you consider modern as an attribute explaining when it was made instead of what it contains. That allows you to have modern wheels, music, art. notwithstanding the validity of your message, you are objecting to something that you did not quote. If modern languages are more than a compiler, that does not denies the ability of the book to cover how to write a compiler. I'd say they suck because the authors cared about specific issues other than making the implementation not suck (which I guess means fast performance performance?). But how does lua bears lisp inheritance in its implementation? IIRC lua does not use pointer tagging which is a typical lispism, uses tables for everything, has no lists, and uses a different approach for implementing closures. Are you thinking of LuaJIT(2) ? I never heard of it, why not write about it? Anyway, if this[0] page is related to your mantis, obscurity is surely connected to the usage of a tag ;) [0] http://appdev.cincom.com/ as a non-native english, honest question: does "room" also means something else from "some space with walls around it", or you actually have a very large room? thanks for taking time to explain :) I believe the most important enhancement is the set of changes that went into the compiler itself to make it more usable from IDEs. Give me a development environment for scala with working autocompletion and refactoring tools on the level of eclipse's JDT and I promise I will convert my company :) well a good text editor can still take advantage of autocompletion, inline error reporting etc ;) "how to learn in days", and "how to lose in " are commonly considered dumb slogans. Apparently, though, the intertubes are still very keen on "how to learn in ". If someone has a good explanation or theory I'd be really interested in learning it. apparently, george soros is a native esperantista :) appengine runs jruby, that is good enough :) does make world also builds the kernel? It's been a long time since I last used a bsd and I seem to recall that "world" was only userland, but I may be completely wrong thid seems similar to what topcoder does code and configurations or it didn't happen Preach it brother! Sadly, in my experience that worked for the first language, but not for the second. I guess my mind simply is not good enough anymore. For the actual syntax/functioanlity, see code http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/file/7704... or, he was just talking about RAID0 I was going to ask about it: to me the Xbox division seems pretty successful, especially if you consider that ten years ago microsoft was not in the console market at all. Acccording to wikipedia, they have sold 40M units of the latest incarnation (iphones total at 50), they have probably the best online services (according to my hardcore gamers friends), the most open marketplace, and at least they seem to be trying to innovate. Is there a reason for never taking this division into account when talking about how MS is going to die horribly because of only milking the cash cows? I didn't downvote, but it could be related to the fact that to an argument 'a> b' you replied "a = X", which while true does not denies the argument. I was going to jest "the pursuit of happiness!". Then, a little investigation proved that it is, ironically, also in the declaration of indipendence Ho Chi Min wrote for the democratic republic of vietnam. Well, I'm OT but I felt it was interesting to share this :) while this is a great article, and it is probably 99% correct, isn't there something wrong with generalizing from "I hired one artist with flexible time, it was good" to "all hail artists flexiworking as the revolution to come" ? (Or Did I miss the listing of other artists he hired in the article?) With envy, a fairly flexible (sadly-)non-artsy worker and 26.03% "Microsoft" ? that would be "does the entire keyspace fit in memory?" being really good at writes does not mean it's really bad at reads, it is actually pretty good (in our cassandra cluster we have ~1ms latency which may be tolerable or not but it's not a lot) EDIT: and we don't have row caching enabled i still don't get the redditness, someone care to explain ditto for begin/end isn't this a reductionist view? the night of the long knives is just the first example I can think of, but I'm pretty sure there were more examples of people _becoming_ undesirable. I had not heard of a "arrest to quota" design in the USSR, could you point me to a relevant source so I can read about it? I still disagree on the main point that to be at risk in nazi germany you had to somehow defy the regime. Your view seem to be that in nazi germany you could simply comply with the ruling ideology and be fine, but as I said above, you can think of the killings and arrests by the thousands of the SA (which had been key to hitler's seize of power) as a glaring counter example. Moreover, the gestapo mostly run operations based on delations from common citizens (the origin of the "gestapo=big brother" misconception), it's not hard to imagine how mundane they can be. Unless you have a much better view of humanity than I have :) hey have been available as experimental options for quite a wile ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_version_history#Java_SE_6_... ), and at least for G1 they seem to still be. I have the impression, reading the release notes, that compressed oops and escape analysis may be enabled by default now, but I'd be happy if someone could shed some light the place where I'm now ( http://cascaad.com ) does use the freebase dumps as a primary source for out entity database (though more are in the works). It is pretty usable even if some interesting data is not available. The dev list and irc channel is also a very useful source. We hope to be able to provide rdf/rdfa links at some point, because, hey, the semantic web is a darn cool thing :) as a side note, bohem's gc is also generational http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc/#details Nice idea, but how do you handle privacy concerns? I don't think there is anything in "parse" that implies relation to a specific type-N grammar, why do you think so? (the oxford american heritage dictionary seem to agree, but I'm not a native speaker) You may enjoy this http://www.a-k-r.org/abnf/ and the t-shirts :) uncontested "trust me, if you type google into google you will break the internet" for the sake of just finding a counterproof to something I agree with: maybe perl for the second? There is basically no *nix without perl (I recall it was also part of the MS build system for rotor), it has influenced basically every programming language in the last decade and it's been a dependency of the linux kernel build for a long time, though I seem to recall it's now removed :) I thought it went by the name octopussy, but i want one too is a bunch of money better spent investing in US or creating stronger economies that can actually buy what is produced there? The post WWII marshall plan comes to mind. Czechoslovakia? I believe life cost and style, from what I've seen, is quite different between the czech republic and slovakia in what way does corruption obstructs a startup working on the internet to the world? It is an issue if, say, you try to market you new cool X thing to local administrators and state owned companies, but that does not seem the case for the OP. if the hot/cold idea is deeply rooted in you, it makes sense that you are able to tell what is what, but that does not mean it's not arbitrary, just that you have assimilated the method on a deeper level. Consider italians, and pasta. Basically everybody knows "instinctively" if a sauce makes sense with short or long pasta, but in the end it's still completely arbitrary :) interestingly, if you search for a random term,it shows listing "anywhere" randomly: 6 results for asdf http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... 3 results for asd http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... (number of results seems related to input size) i don't understand why #3 was not ambitious enough, could you explain? There are a host of language learning tools, but a lot of them are simplistic, or very poor, or very expensive and only support a few languages (e.g. as you're hungarian, I've yet to find a good one supporting your language). Language learning is not a solved problem, afaict :) I guess the issue is on the definition of "stupid things". I love to watch a movie, and I enjoy a quiet lunch and talk over the coffee and dessert. I don't travel by bus, but when I used to commute I would spend the time reading. Things that are stupid relaxation to someone, are the actual goal of someone else. (yeah I can still cut on reading hn of course :) am I the only one bothered by the second formula? ¬(¬MY_PEEPS ⇒ ¬SKILLZ) ∧ ¬(¬SKILLZ ⇒ ¬SOFTWARE) at first sight it could be quite more simple as ¬(SKILLZ ⇒ MY_PEEPS ∨ SOFTWARE ⇒ SKILLZ) (contrapposition, de morgan) I think in their current form (game-ish) they are. But attaching useful information to real life, that's not, it's just one of the sides of a future internet of things, and I believe that is where we are headed. but there is no way of getting out of the eurozone, both in the "no actual procedure" and in the "no actual chance". If greece got out of the euro, it would get instant weimar-like inflation. Moreover, the SPV and the bailout plans in the eu seem to be more like smoke and mirrors than concrete stuff (e.g. bailing out greece with money coming from portugal which is in the same position) an editorial site for people at their second startup experience, on the line of the setup? It would actually be interesting I guess :) Otherwise: a browser based game in which you have to find the second male sheep and mark it with a star? once I was in a conversation with two friends of mine, one of them had recently switched to dvorak and was explaining us how he was using some software to improve his typing speed. The other replied "you are a programmer, you're supposed to spend 90% of the time thinking about what you do, why do you try to slightly improve the 10% spent writing it"? Do dvorak users out there find themselves much more productive at the end of the day because of their typing speed? Well you dont need to upgrade to support something, i have a rails 1 app around working without issues for years, though i plan to upgrade it ;) The ultimatum game as described in the article does not make sense. It is important, and not explained, that the offer is made only once, and that the other party is aware of the game (eg: "here is X" -> "cool thanks" vs "here is 1/100 of what I get if you accept this" -> "screw you"). I must have explained myself badly: I meant, this information is not in the article :) this seems a clever move, but as I understand it it's something for content providers, not users. As such, it would appear issues from content consumers such as mozilla still stand, or am I misunderstanding? sinc people already pointed out the missing ack & comm, I'll add: no love for tr? have you tried confluence? Anyway, even in the free/open world, a lot of wiki software come with simple wysiwyg editors and templates there are also a huge number of free apps that simply should not be counted, and that would push the average return-on-app much higher. FWIW, I don't really like confluence either (I do have an high opinion of other atlassian's products though), it just seems to fit the OP's wanted-list :) this was my first thought too (and there are plenty of washing machines with a couple of buttons and the rest hidden behind a panel to prove it, I thought). But this is also addressed in the article, in the addendum part: """ One person truly misunderstood because he advocated hiding the extra controls, thus preserving the apparent simplicity. Sorry: it is the apparent complexity that drives the sale. """ and """ While iMatix was the original designer of AMQP and has invested hugely in that protocol, we believe it is fundamentally flawed, and unfixable. """ and to avoid silly warnings from some static analysis software (e.g. findbugs telling you you are repeating a hardcoded string N times and you could use a constant) as far as I remember: yes they were using it on v3 too, for some things because in part they are the cassandra authors, I'd say. They have been contributing code to cassandra for quite a while. I am under the impression that phoronix usually does poor "journalism". I still need to understand why file systems get tested using compression and compilation benchmarks. I would say macbooks are a point in favour of the previous poster. They made some serious progress by becoming intel machines, i.e. PCs. the question is: why would I _use_ it even if I joined it? I am a buzz user but I never posted anything directly through buzz. Why should I, the number of my friends on facebook is tenfold and does not include people that once mailed me about a typo in my blog. I would buy it, seriously or "better to repent than regret" (I believe that is also an english saying, though I may be wrong) interestingly enough, massimo banzi used to be a teacher in a grad school in italy that is now disappeared ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interaction_Design_Institute_Iv... ). we ( http://cascaad.com ) do. Albeit admittedly I live in hungary :) I thought of this too but considered it as different. forgiveness/permission is what I'd think of before kissing a girl, while repent/regret would be what I'd think before going out with her ;) Thanks for the reply. runtime compilation is what most common use jvms have been doing for a a few years though, so java programmers could get the right connotation :) play framework, I'd say http://www.playframework.org/ so, if the first call posts a tweet and the second does not, we shall be satisfied? I stand by the side effect free side :) (notice that tweet posting is actually kind of idempotent in twitter: if you post the same message twice, it will only appear once) I believe that it should be given to a student answering perfectly to the given problem. If you give A+ it to the best in class it would mean that a mediocre student in a class of terrible students would get away with perfect marks all the time. Which is what happened to me until I got to the uiversity, (as the mediocre one) and I felt it was wrong all the time (though it did save me a lot of work :) "long time" git-achievements user (half a year I guess?) here. You should not be worried, while in the first couple of days you may get a boatload of achievements that kind of make you interrupt your stream of codingness (but it's ok since they are a new toy), g-a fades out pretty fast in the background. also, the performances are quite good, and you are able to buy support from ibm/sun/oracle. Neither it's true for python/ruby/perl etc. While I do second your impression that many books I liked where referrals, I'd say that the image of a customer sampling a book in a public library or bookstore seems to be quite an iconic classic, and thus it makes sense to port it to a new media. On the other hand, while it is hard to judge a book by it's cover, it's not so crazy to judge it from a few paragraphs: if it's a funny book, you can usually tell right away if it's your genre of irony, and if it's fantasy you can see easily if it's all smeerps and naked heroins dressed in leather and so on. Some things do grow on you during reading, but if you can't stand a pompous verbose style (or a crude bare one) you can avoid starting reading something you won't ever even finish. But, obviously, all of this is IMO. hear hear! For what is worth, I don't understand why they don't integrate with existing projects as a premium service. Not only bitbucket but github, patch-tag etc. why not? Anyway, I guess the point was that by adding wording that may be offensive to some readers you are not improving the quality of the message, unless you want _that_ to be the message, which is in fact the (wanted or not) result of the OP. (nonetheless a decent analogy) but d2d is not available on xp, so they are not actually telling lies, the tl;dr version is correct, they simply don't want to port new apis to old boxes. this makes a lot of sense for both, but something is not clear to me: what will happen to the FB chat system, are they going to integrate that too somehow? Wasn't FB chat slated to become a "normal" jabber service? an interesting and much lighter source of information is the movie/documentary from 1993 called "N Is a Number: A Portrait of Paul Erdős" though IMDB seems to have it with a short accent :) I believe "nuntios electronicos" translates to "electronic messenger" not "mail". Which is kind of cool though :) Ah, neat. But latin does have a word for mail in "epistula" (and probably "littera"), and a message is not necessarily a mail. Or maybe I'm failing english and there is no distinction between the two in this language/internet world :) I don't understand your problem, but you may be interested in investigating the existing solutions: - cluster of solr servers (but it basically means different indexes composed at query time, so scoring will be affected depending on how you shard, at least last time I checked) - katta, a platform for serving large lucene indexes - lucandra, a reimplementation of the Index(Writer|Reader) classes of lucene over cassandra (and of solr) - lucene-on-cassandra, implementing only the Directory interface over Cassandra - lucene over distributed memory(terracotta) or grids (gigaspaces, elasticsearch) but once again, I have no idea of what your problem is so I don't know what you may want. Basically I'd say the problem boils down on implementing the index in a distributed way if you want scoring consistent with the normal lucene, or just sharding/querying different indexes and reconciling the results if you can live without distributed tf/idf have you tried headless eclipse and vim? http://eclim.org/ > With all the tools at the cmdline, you can do anything. only if your definition of 'everything' is limited, all the refactorings in a half-decent ide are quite hard to get right with awk & sed. For what is worth, even something as simple as finding all elements in a type hierarchy are quite unobvious to do with shell tools for me. well, if I was so good to get code right at the first time, I would not need refactoring at all. Alas, I'm not :) I agree that, all the things you can do with automatic refactoring you can do with a change/compile/fix loop, but it imposes an higher amount of friction, which (even in a subconscious way) pushes you into not making changes. As a ruby and python dev using vim, I can even feel this in changing a single method name (with sed, obviously not syntax aware), as a java one without a supporting ide I'd seldom venture in a "extract superclass and use it where possible as return value" kind of change. I believe the same but I have no data, could you point to some source? zabbix user here, and it works nicely. But man, it is painful to use. i am somewht responsible for the original idea, though others have done, well, all the work :) Scalatra has a few rough edges but since it takes about 2 minutes to have somehing running it is worth trying it out yourself :) damn it had a typo in the fib generation for the second number and lost a lot of time trying to factor a _massive_ number that was obviously the wrong one :) well, you may not be able to live on oil alone, but the oil funded norwegian sovereign fund already owns 1% of the global equity markets and are heading for 2% of the european stock markets (with the oil still being pumped out). Moreover, an embargo is only effective if it can be enforced, there is nothing stopping chinese goods going from other european countries, they would only have a bit higher overhead. godaddy parked domain? IIRC in "freakonomics" (and underlying papers) quite a bit of time is spent analyzing why kids are successful or not, and proving (for economists' values of "proving") that peer influence is by far the most discriminating factor, even above family. So the function that "seem to be" was at least also statistically recongnized and studied :) (Also, it would point in the direction that what is needed for better education is a more homogeneous mix of the kids, I guess) while i agree with your basic point (personal judgement on Gates not adding value to the comment) I'd like to point out that even if someone does some good to non-wasp people he can still be a white supremacist. E.g. Cecil Rhodes was held in high estimation from the Ndebele people to the point of receiving a king-like burial ritual from them, but he still thought that british were god's gift to mankind. isn't the "frequency" perl script the same as "sort | uniq -c" ? I would blame/credit audrey tang, pugs and the lambdacamels for popularizing the takahashi method[0] (notable difference from lessig's style is the lack of non-text content). My feeling about this is mostly anecdotical, but during the days of crazy pugs development a massive number of hackers from different communities was exposed to what was happening, tools designed for building such presentations bloomed, and, well, after that time I've seen a lot more of those :) [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Takahashi_method that most people in the world do not use bidets http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bidet up until the end, I also thought "so good you won't be able to leave it" was the intended message. It also recalled an old halo commercial on the lines of "I used to have a boyfriend, then halo came" (not sure if it only aired in my country or worldwide). Frankly while I think the ad is fun, it does not seem to be convincing. But that's probably not the point, I guess the only goal was to have this become some sort of viral video. People only need to be exposed, not convinced. Except when they are not (surface, tablets, web integrated in the OS) and everybody says they are idiots :) they are still selling them, not massive success it appears http://www.microsoft.com/surface/en/us/default.aspx the richards benchmark is not only a simulation of OS scheduling though, it's a classic benchmark of method dispatch performance (at least from what I recall, which is why everybody is using it via a Smalltalk inheritance and not reimplementing the bcpl code) isn't it also an example of how the system in general fails to educate people not to live over their possibilities? Why did the person end up desperately needing $200 more than she earned at the end of the month in the first place? Why does he have no savings put aside for the rainy days? Why doesn't this person have a safety net of some kind, be it family, friends, a boss that can pay in advance etc.. and yet ends up with debts at the end of the month? (there are obviously many reasons for finding yourself in a shitty situation, but from the outside the size of irresponsible personal finance management in the US seems crazy) interesting, I had not heard of this. It still does not play nice with curl, but seems a sensible idea. but ruby supported different encodings from the start, such as shift_jis, utf8 and euc_jp, it's just that the support was not "good enough". The reason why it took so long to have an improved one is also to be searched in the will of core ruby devs to support something better than only unicode. no, they are not (uptimes measured in hours), on windows laptops hibernation has been working fine in windows for a few years. I don't know of any unix different from osx for which the same applies. Servers and desktop are not really the point of discussion here. yet, some java developers are mac users, losing them does not seem smart is there such a proliferation? the only java app I use on the mac is cyberduck, and it is neither shoddy nor un-maclike many SWT apps, using native look and feel, still feel slowish (think azureus/vuze if not eclipse). Some AWT apps are perfectly snappy e.g. jedit opens a file faster than macvim on my box. My belief is that apart form some overhead in AWT against native toolkit, 90% of the laggish experience in java apps is due to poor coding. In turn, this is probably a byproduct of the java platform/language (abuse threads cause they are easier than an event loop, abuse locking cause synchronized is more obvious than util.concurrent, avoid thinking of memory management cause you have a GC, do not pay attention to proper data structures cause you can get away with builtin collections etc) code I wrote myself :) First one I think of (cause I redid it today, in ruby :) is: you need to keep a list of lines you already processed in a large log analysis. I'd just use a Set (which is a hash underneath) and get done, although I'd have saved a bunch of overhead (memory allocations, gc pressure) using a bloom filter. the one I just wrote you about A a few more gigabytes of memory allocated, consequent swapping and slow processing sorry I thought I replied yesterday but apparently my comment got lost. Using a (hash)set instead of a bloom filter caused memory usage to explode, which in turn led to memory thrashing/swapping which in turn led to slow processing times. The rest of the code runs in constant time (well, linear in the size of the item, with num(items) >> size(items[n]) ) and it did work fine for smaller inputs. hard to estimate I'm sorry. The first naive implementation had been running for more than 15 minutes before I thought it as too much and killed it. Rewrote version run all in about 5. it does sound more likely that a java dev on a mac gets a windows install as a second boot option than he changes the bank's infrastructure though :) did anyone else notice we have 3 posts a week about the cap theorem? Maybe it's about time we stop talking about it and start using some other terminology. ah! I was thinking the same :) thisbookwillselfdistructin15days.com seems free ;) you have misunderstood my point, which is that there is in my opinion too much time spent trying to understand what X means when using a permutation of the letters C,A,P,L,whatever, and we are not seeing enough of the nerdy stuff (such as: new coordination protocols, failure detectors, workflow patterns). I was asked some time ago to provide my CV and I also used a pdf export of linkedin cause it's such a simple option. I believe it's a bit lacking in some areas eg, I recall it does not have anything about human languages (when you are moving around in europe that is kind of useful). I may be wrong though. gcc, like other compilers, has it's own documented extensions which are used in many projects (such as the linux kernel, but also many interpreters/vms using direct threading for example). The clang devs try to support them nonetheless for compatibility, except, for what I understand, a few that are explicitly unsupported by design. you can lookup once and inline the method, and only keep a flag to check if you need to invalidate that. Pypy & other jits al do this kind of things all the time :) But you don't need a jit: you can partially execute the code and determine that no changes were happening in the referenced globals, thus the inlining becomes possible. There is quite a bit of literature on the issue of using partial evaluation for optimizing dynamic/reflective languages. well neither of the above, in standard python, but the pypy project has _a lot_ of interesting stuff http://codespeak.net/pypy/dist/pypy/doc/extradoc.html I'll taks a stab at guessing the killing: parent^2 was being facetious and a lengty serious answer was not considered appropriate. I am mostly guessing though, and I don't think it should have been killed. I think "Each and every time Apple decided to innovate, they were laughed at" is a bit of an exaggeration, from what I recall the iPod,iPhone, iBook, MacBook and probably other products all were innovative and highly appreciated by about everyone. I mean, even the latest macbook airs are receiving raving reviews and have quite a bit of innovation in them. maybe some people who want basic full text search capabilities but do not want to roll their own solution or use solr/sphinx whatever, I recall innodb did not support that? I believe by "haskell" you may mean "ghc" the original message was talking of specific "stacks", which in my understanding includes an abstract language and a concrete implementation (I'd say also some accompanying development tools: if not an ide, at least a repl, debugger, build system). "haskell" as such would not qualify, while ocaml, scala and ghc would. openjdk is not certified java? I know harmony did not get a tck but it seems unlikely oracle is not letting their own developers use it. also, the example from here http://www.extractiv.com/tour-semantic-on-demand.html does not work. I second, this seems interesting (and I would be really interested in seeing what you produce as "relations") isn't the "let's put the web inside the browser chrome instead of the main window" quite similar to what flock[1] was already trying? The world is probably different from a few years ago, so there is probably a higher chance that this might succeed. [1] http://flock.com/ I really wish google would provide me with the option to revert to the old style homepage. I would be 5% happier if google just stopped being not-strict about what I search. OTOH I think showing in which part of the page the match is is kind of an interesting feature, but I wish we could do that via some kind of xpath-based urls. well, they could add categorization/labels for one. Or more concretly: the ability to receive messages from people you don't already have as contacts. this is what google did with dalvik/android. They are being sued for that basically. Working on openjdk gives you a patent grant, working on a fork which is not java does not, apparently. but the issue is not only about compiling is it? I recall that a few of the patents (debatable as they are) specifically relate to runtime, such as the one about the security manager. Such a patent would invalidate the whole runtime code as it was built around such a policy. So if you want to avoid being sued you need to use a different language, a different compiler and a different runtime, which is what MS did with C#. But then why would you need a patent-minefield such as Jive-the-forked-java in the first place? I never heard of him, and I already am willing to second this :) is memory deduplication the KSM thingy released about a year ago? http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-2.6.3... from the article Many are aware of Facebook’s Cassandra system, but now they’ve built something new called hBase (working alongside the open source community again) Someone knows what this means? Did they switch to hbase the _existing for many years_ database solution, or did they build something else on top of it (is there a trace of this in the hbase community?) or did they build something else from scratch and incredibly hit on the same name? I wish techcrunch was a bit less.. techcrunch... yup I know what hbase is, we used it at my previous job (but I recall stuff like "reimplementation of hbase in bash"[1] being insightful, it was not a great experience though I'm sure it matured a lot by now) Thanks a lot for the conference video, but even this mostly describes their "well known" scribe/log analysis infrastructure, and does not get into how the new stuff gets integrated with hbase. [1] http://pastebin.com/f64fc84a9 we have this book in the office in dead tree form and I think it is quite good, but it's not a "working programmer" text in my opinion. whiled I'm sure something nice will come out of it you may wish to temporarily disable the NER feature because, it seems to amount to "select capitalized words" at least on the few pages I tried (wikipedia, bitcoin, nytimes). It is blazing fast though :) OT: is "make -j64" overkill unless you have dozens of cores or am I missing something? thanks, but then the "that is my tipical workload" thingy does not hold, as you rarely have >60 cpu bound processes running at the same time. Well, flash player in chrome notwithstanding ;) moreover you actually already have trivial code for that in $JAVAISH_IMPLEMENTATIon's Character.isUnicodeIdentifier{start,part} it is my completely unproved belief that it is a reaction to the lack of more concrete problems (such as: how do I survive the winter). Not that lack of imagination is not a real problem, it's just that it was less important in earlier times. I am quite sure the educational environment in the 19th century was _way_ less keen on letting imagination run wild than it is now (e.g. montessori's work was disruptive but looks "normal" nowadays), but we have Peter Pan and the Neverending Story only in the 20th. hackety hack is different from etoys & scratch. By following your point scratch should have not been created because etoys existed. Or etoys, since morphic existed. Oh wait: and hackety hack is at least a couple of years older than scratch, according to wikipedia. in all the universities I've seen in italy you always have access to the previous written exam tests for preparation. For the oral part, when teachers have repetitive behavior, I've often see people collect datasets and use them for studying. But the case seem different: the teacher in question actually took the tests from a given set and this set was known in advance. This is silly of the teacher, not of the students.