A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals. Webtrak4.1 Profile for physcab.* "Buys K-Pop from Amazon.com" "Visits RedTube at least 3 times a week" "Spends at least 15 minutes in gay porn section" "Made campaign donations to Republican National Convention" "Attends Clivesville Baptist Church" * no this is not really his web profile. But this is the kind of things web bugs leak. And while your life my be so boring that it doesn't matter to you, may other people have information they would rather not share with every stranger on the net. Reminds me of the '90s when WinNuke and Smurf attacks ran wild. Remember one attack that caused our Linux boxes to panic, but I can't remember what it was called. It's not surprising that we're seeing stuff like this in v6. IPv4 has had the bugs hammered out from years of attacks, v6 not so much. http://blogs.computerworld.com/mac_os_x_java_fiasco_apple_st... http://www.the4cast.com/apple/apples-flashback-fiasco-what-r... 2 years apart, same outcome. Apple has a terrible track record of fixing bugs. As of so far it seems giving them a minute, week, or month has no difference. In the past other vendors have had issues with timely fixing their bugs or trying to squash disclosers, that's why lists like full disclosure exist to this day. And as the complexity of the documents increased the likelihood that some bug was written in to the interpreter increased geometrically . The thing is we had all the things you say are great, and in spite of this we have created the browser as an application environment. Evidently people don't want a document web. Adobe PDF and Word are evidence that document readers attempt to become web browsers with time anyway. >It's possible to build something without holes. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/10/proving_a_comp... I'm guessing you're planning on releasing your document viewer/OS sometime around the head death of the universe. In which time your program don't exist because your OS/Word processor business doesn't survive on the taxpayer teat. The problem is for businesses, most customers pay lot for features and new shiny and give a lot of lip service to the security part. The problem for open source is, most developers spend their time on features and new shiny , and the security ramifications are an afterthought. why have not other conscious beings 1. We are the first, or we are the first to get close to the singularity in our light cone. or 2. Generating energies or over coming the challenges of even traveling close to the speed of light is hard. or 3. Space is big. You just won’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it’s a long way down the road to the drug store, but that’s just peanuts to space. or 4. They have. No, it sounds like you are just an introvert. Since introverts are a smaller percentage of society, and they communicate less with others, it can easily seem like there is no one else like you out there. " Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment. " That's why going out in to society seems like a job to you. I'm not sure about the just fine. If you were not in a complete free fall you'd be smooshed (I'm guessing W = m · g is nasty at black hole gravities). I guess my question is how fast you'd be traveling by the time you got near/in the even horizon. Anywhere close to 'c' and things would look a lot different. The problem that you are missing here is one of history. The phone company you so quickly push people to use has a long history of monopoly and abuse (at least where I'm from, where the telephone was invented). For the longest time you could only connect blessed telephone company equipment to your line, nothing else was allowed by law. It wasn't until people fought back that we could even use acoustic couplers. The telephone company was government sanctioned, but it was still a private company just like Facebook is. So instead of telling people to take it, do like or predecessors and fight back. I'm pretty sure if this was back in the Ma Bell days, you'd be telling the crowd that 'Real Friends' send letters via post! Or, people can get angry and say "Hey Facebook that is shitty behavior, I reserve the right to go elsewhere.", and otherwise bitch to everybody and make news about it. In which Facebook can decide to stay with their course, or they can decide to back down. Just because you want to act passive aggressive about the situation, doesn't mean that is the best solution to the problem. A little bit of aggression can keep companies more in line. I cannot imagine a world where people just took whatever they were given silently. I do believe it would look something like slavery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses Ob. xkcd http://xkcd.com/1145/ See ALT text. At the time the cable was installed (72ish?) 230kV was a very high voltage cable. The type of cable that now commonly carries that voltage underground is HV XLPE http://www.fujikura.com.sg/hv_xlpe.htm At the the maximum voltage over XLPE was 110kV. Sticking 2 of these cables side by side would have other interesting effects. http://www.emfs.info/Sources+of+EMFs/Underground/multiple.ht... It appears oil and paper systems are still used, but I don't think they use the high pressure oil system like the one in the paper. http://www.hitachi-cable.com/about/publish/review/__icsFiles... Ecology is the scientific study of the relationships that living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. An ecological fallacy (or ecological inference fallacy) is a logical fallacy in the interpretation of statistical data where inferences about the nature of individuals are deduced from inference for the group to which those individuals belong. This is anecdotal, but I'll posit it anyway. I did network administration for a number of title companies, mortgage lenders, real-estate agents, and other assorted firms involved in the selling and buying of houses between 2004 and 2011. Most of these people were what you would consider hard working honest employees, but due to perverse incentives helped in their part of making all of this worse. I saw plenty of lenders have the client flat out lie about their income. It didn't seem to matter, the banks rarely rejected the loans if the paper looked good. The better you lied, the more sales you got. If you were totally honest, people heard that it was hard to get a loan or closure from your firm and would head to others. At the time there was seemly no risk, it wasn't till after the financial crash that I heard of any arrests over paper manipulation. The problem is the people that have the data now are going to be very shy about releasing it. It will show fraud by the buyers, possible fraud by the lenders, poor research by the big banks. By the time the crash came it was a game. Interest only loans? You've got to be kidding me. At a murder scene, evidence is how one determines the cause and the killer, but if your killer has means he can manipulate that evidence. The issue we have now is that the murder (banks) are the group holding all the evidence. They don't want it looked in to, it would show they were an accomplice. It is great when you first start teaching someone about SQL. The fact that SQL injection even exists shows that data validation and separation of 'code' and 'data' must be one of the first things learned about SQL. Why, because the proper use of analogy give insight to how things work where it was not before. Telling the robot analogy to a person bagging parts in a warehouse would make a lot of sense to him. Just saying 'security attack' and his mind will probably wander off in imagination of ninjas and pirates kicking in the door, murdering everybody, and running off with all the products. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observable_universe#End_of_Grea... Up to the largest scales the universe is randomly clumped/stringed/voided. And when the day comes that available labor far outstrips the demand for labor? Your skill may be in demand, but how many will be willing to do the job at subsistence rates? Will the day come when 10s of millions (billion even?) of people be made redundant by technology? What will they do to eat? How will nations and societies deal with this? Grind the unemployed in to Soylent Green?, grand social welfare programs?, war? I always liked this fictional story about it. http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm "When the people shall have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich." --Jean-Jacques Rousseau http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig5/mercola23.1.html "When you sleep, your body’s internal temperature actually drops to its lowest level, generally about four hours after you fall asleep. Scientists believe a cooler bedroom may therefore be most conducive to sleep, since it mimics your body’s natural temperature drop." You rarely hear of Google outages http://techcrunch.com/2012/12/10/gmail-experiences-a-widespr... ,or iTunes http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/11/19/itunes-match-down-... ,or Youtube http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/technology/2012/10/youtube-goes-... Everyone goes down, but EC2 has been buggy as hell from what I can tell. And before everyone says Netflix should `just` move or add more bandwidth... http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/technolog/netflix-uses-32-... They represent a huuuge amount of bandwidth usage! The city I live in is building strip malls at an insane rate while the existing ones have a higher vacancy rate then I have ever seen. A few at the best locations will fill most of the slots, but the rest might have 50% capacity. Who is loaning money for this? Do they think that this capacity will be filled at some point in the distant future? but I don't think that removing gradients and drop shadows necessarily results in designs that "scare users away." Try using Office 2013. It's white and flat (even flatter in Win8 over Win7, you lose refrence to what the 'tools' part and the data part is. It is not inviting at all, unless you dig in to the options and try to put some slightly different colors/textures on it. It allows you to move the computer to your data. There are lots of places where power can be an issue (solar collection only), a full 'computer' would take up a lot of power and space. A micro like this would allow you to process signals on site and only send back 'important' information over potentially limited bandwidth. The device is inexpensive and generic, so you can program it do to what you need, there are many custom devices that do what this board can, but they are either expensive or fixed function. I find it pretty common given a list of foods that I like, the one with a good picture is the one I'll most likely order. Having more pictures may or may not benefit the restaurant though... Use of a few pictures now could lead customers to buy a higher profit item, or an item that is much easier to keep in stock in large amounts. Use of pictures for all items means that the customer will likely expect the food to the table looks like the item in the picture. This could cause some issues with different cooks or item substitutions. At the rate the requests are growing there is no way to see if the requests are legitimate. This allows the DMCA to be used as a weapon against sites that are not infringing anything. http://techflap.com/2012/10/microsoft-sends-dmca-notices-to-... Follow the money and the established players and you'll see why. The best data I would suggest looking at is American news. Correlate Egypt with African news and then again correlate Egypt with Middle Eastern news. American news will tend to display stories related to Egypt's interactions with countries such as Israel, Iran, Iraq, and other Asian countries lumped together under 'middle east'. The next most common news grouping for Egypt would be Mediterranean, dealing with with countries such Libya politically and then in vacation destinations around the sea itself. Very little broadcast news in America is about countries outside of the Mediterranean and Middle East influence. You don't hear much about Egypt's and Sudan's relationships unless you tend to go looking for it. Contrast that to Egyptian and Israeli relationships. With the advent of the Internet changing the way we view and seek out news our will change our generalizations of geography greatly over time. But to understand the generalizations we have now in the 30's and up age group, replaying the 'Nightly News with Tom Brokaw' would lead to great insight. The correct use of caching can dramatically improve the performance of websites. Also knowing how to keep certain pages from ever being cached can be important too. //php do not cache header('Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, post-check=0, pre-check=0, s-maxage=0'); Recently I was dealing with someones crappy hand rolled PHP site that had terrible image performance. The images were being called from a database and had no-cache set?! While moving the images out of the database would most likely be the best thing to do, it was not worth the effort in this case. The images almost never change, old id's would be removed and new added. I modified the script that output images to send a s-maxage header of a sufficiently large value and put a instance of Varnish in front of the server. Server load dropped dramatically, response times dropped dramatically, and the maximum amounts of clients the server can withstand increased greatly. Proper use of caching, either between your server and the database, inside your application, and between your server and the client can greatly reduce hardware requirements and response times. In finalizing your application before full deployment always validate your http headers to your clients are doing what you expect them too. On 3ware(LSI) controllers you can schedule a 'verify' task to run on a schedule. I do believe it is on by default, but I could be wrong. It is good to tell admins about this being that an uninformed one may turn the settings off without realizing what can occur if it is disabled. R.I.N.A.B Raid Is Not A Backup! Oh, and your raid controller should monitor for smart errors and you should seek to replace disks when you start seeing sector rewrites. Of course Microsoft software is worth every cent (dollars many of them) that Microsoft thinks it is, the question here is, 'Is public debate of Microsoft's sales to the schools of Greece up for public debate?'. Microsoft certainly wants to be a sole supplier on a privately discussed contract. If I were trying to maximize my profits, I'd want exactly the same. Talking about Warren Buffet http://www.wtop.com/164/3176295/Manassas-News-Messenger-prin... "The Manassas News & Messenger is no more. The paper printed its final edition after 143 years of covering the news...." "All employees lost their jobs, and 72 other jobs have been cut in the company." If I had to think of anti-virus I would trust the most it would be this. The computer would reboot in to a maintenance mode where it would boot in to a check mode. Hopefully off the network or some other source that couldn't be altered by a virus/malware. The check mode would checksum all executable content and update its database, reporting all changed and added files. It could also check for known out of date executable files. All files would be checked against a A/V database too. If nothing fails the computer reboots back to the OS, else it is halted until repaired. This still has two risks I can see, one is the BIOS is altered and subverted there. The other is non-executable content runs transient programs that do not survive reboot. If you run windows 7, then stop wasting time and upgrade to 8. If you run 7, stay on 7. If you're getting a new computer, don't fear 8, though it will take a little time getting used to. If you have a corporate office and will be replacing 500 pc's, you better do some tests with your users before you even think about 8. Unix variants and Windows solve their problems very well Maybe, maybe not, I think the bigger issue is the development cost it would take to get to Linux/Windows standards would be huge. This is why we have one Intel and AMD has to fight like hell to stay alive. Most sites suck because they want seemingly random passwords that are hard for people to remember. Most sites seem deathly afraid of spaces too and want relatively short passwords. While many sites would think this is a good password "x5tRwz3m" Length: 8 Strength: Weak. Entropy: 36 bits. Charset Size: 62 characters Is impossible for me to remember. A easy to remember mixed (seemly, but not random) password like that is much easier to generate and use in a off-line dictionary attack. "I like Microsoft's login page." Length: 30 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 147.3 bits Charset Size: 73 characters is a sentence and people are pretty good at remembering them. Add in a tiny bit of complexity "I like M?icrosoft's login p!age." Length: 32 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 163.5 bits. Charset Size: 83 characters. It is exceptionally unlikely that a cracking attempt will reveal that password and that some other type of flaw will be needed to reveal the password or gain access to the account. What percentage of Firefox users use adblock or something similar to filter themselves out of stats like this? I know that just about everything stat is filtered out by noscript or adblock on my installs. The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php Other tools also... https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm http://www.passwordmeter.com/ The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php How would an attacker know what the first letter is? Yes an attacker can guess if sentence passwords are used that (a|A),(the|The),and (i|I) would be very common starters but after that the bigger search space complicates things. https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm Read the sections on entropy and padding. Just using sentences alone does present attackers the ability to use an encyclopedia attack, but a few randomly placed symbols (padding) turns the endeavor back in to an exhaustive search. http://easylist.adblockplus.org/en/ Easylist+Easyprivacy cuts out the vast majority of analytics sites. Ob. SMBC http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2761#c... My name is "Robert'); DROP TABLE Students;--" https://xkcd.com/327/ How lead is chemically similar to calcium? They are on opposite... Then you go on to explain how lead is like calcium in its bioavailability, so in relation to the operations of a human body, lead is chemically similar to calcium (only dangerous). http://brain.oxfordjournals.org/content/126/1/5.full For example, lead’s ability to pass through the blood–brain barrier (BBB) is due in large part to its ability to substitute for calcium ions (Ca2+) While in jr. high and high school I helped my father with his business. I saw all the same 'U R SPESHUL' crap dumped on kids and laughed it off. In the working world you have to 'pass' or you may not have cash for dinner. Failures are very common in the real world. You may not make the big sale you were expecting. The company you work for may go out of business. All kinds of things go wrong, raising your children to be resilient is more important then shooting for success. This also means you have to allow your kids to suffer the consequences of their failures too. You don't want them to get hurt, but if you save them from themselves every time, you've taught them that mommy/daddy will bail them out whenever they need it. I guess that means there is only a market for one lathe[1] and one milling machine[2] since when you buy one, you can then make your own. Anyway, a universal machine maker would likely run of nano technology, and once we reach that level of technology, all bets are off. The game changes and suddenly a lot of businesses are buggy whip manufactures. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lathe [2} https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milling_machine I'm sorry, did you not happen to read that page? I remember a site on MacOS vs Windows dialog boxes from way back in the late 90's, a time in which many confusing UI patterns abound. It's too bad it's still not around as it is a great guide on how to display the question to the user correctly. It went on to display a few common(windows 95 I think) dialogs that would leave most users confused. Then showed the Mac dialog in similar operations where it was very clear what the intended outcome of each button would be. 1. Case the stores camera policy and times that loss management comes and leaves. 2. Watch for lazy employees. 3. Load up a shopping cart (20 bottles would fit, be pretty heavy. 4. Push cart out door. I've seen some pretty brazen theft before. A gas station down the road from me lost a large display of cigarets when two people walked in picked it up and carried it off when the cashier was dealing with a flooding toilet (most likely caused by them before a short time before). Collect empty bottles and fill them with cheap blue stuff, put a layer of real tide on the top for the smell and viscosity. Probably already is. What is it that has changed for the worse? More equality for women? That has improved. Access to abortion? That has improved? Domestic abuse and assault in sexual relationship? Are there any good statistics on these trends? Courts upholding child support agreements with force of law. Don't pay your child support and see what happens. The reason something may appear broken with modern relationships is the fact we are looking at them thru historical perspective, when it was much less likely a person could survive and raise children while not married. The fact is so many things have changed (at least in the U.S. where I am) in the last 50 year the chain of causality is likely impossible to unwrap. I couldn't post to one of the children under you, so I'll post here, agreeing with you. http://www.japanese-buddhism.com/giant-pink-penis-festival.h... The Japanese have had a penis festival since the 1600's. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maypole#Scandinavia "The central part played by young children in the celebration emphasize the procreation aspect of the celebration" We've had celebrations and representations of sexuality throught history. The Romans took to this a climax (pun intended) http://www.mariamilani.com/ancient_rome/Ancient_Roman_Orgy.h... Interesting thing is in most of these historical cases, there is a strong authoritarian push to stop these festivals to keep from corrupting people. This is the wheel of history coming around again. You 'Can'. The issue is Microsoft doesn't think you should (I believe you have to use a VL). As for Windows VMs, I've found if you keep what is presented to Windows stable, it doesn't know the difference. Keep the MAC address on the network card static (this means you can't run two copies on the same network at the same time, which by the license you shouldn't anyway). After running on a number of different processors Windows may want to reauthorize though. It would not be surprising if they put code that detected a VM in Win8 and Office 2013 some time in the future (or it's already hidden there) -Yeah, maybe have chemical sensing devices with air intakes at floor level to screen for bombs on shoes, Good idea, that way you can f'up a few hundred peoples day by spilling a 'coke' on a busy path way. And by coke I mean some benign chemical that is none the less detected as explosive precursor by the machines. Reflections of the shockwave/sonic boom off of other solid objects. Echos pretty much. In Russia it's hard to say, but in the U.S. I recommend that if you operate a commercial vehicle that you install one. If you operate a business and have people driving for you, you can review the footage and get rid of the problem employees before they cost you a million in insurance losses. After installing a system for a transportation company reviews of the tapes showed that 75% of the drivers were talking on their cell phones. They had a company meeting and showed a compilation video of all the phone video, even though it was now against federal law to do so. After that point drivers stopped using the phone while driving. As the driver the camera is a mixed blessing, if you cause the accident, you've created your own evidence against yourself. If you the owner, it makes it harder for the employee to lie about what occurred if they were in the wrong. http://januscam.com/index.php/products/dual-camera-janus-v2 I've installed these in taxis. They have outside/inside cams (to make sure the occupants aren't pointing a gun at the driver). They have a wireless 2.4ghz wireless upload to upload the files when the car gets to home base. And they show telemetry, speed, gps, and impact/vibration. They are for commercial purposes so they are probably out of the price range of most people ($400 I think). They may laugh now, but you'll laugh in the end. Two cameras in the same unit. It's pointed at both. Why should mobile apps be any different from any other kind of software? A few popular apps tend to dominate the market and the rest just fill niches. "We're just talking about what ads get served, for the moment." Tools can have more then one purpose. Java might be the best programming language since Sliced.bread and the Wheel# but if its VM and plugins are constantly having exploits found in them, it's a Serious Fucking Problem. The portable document format might be a good way to exchange documents, but the most popular viewer is a huge (commonly exploited) attack surface. The point is call your viewer, VM, or pluging something other then the name of the language so when it is found to be totally lacking security it doesn't reflect back on the language. Really the point should be to write your software correctly. My friends have used game cameras for a number of years now. They give video to the game wardens to document the number of wild hogs and their travel patterns on their property in the river bottom. The number of hogs around here is mind boggling, they are encroaching farther and farther into large cities. I type at least 60,000 characters before inserting a line break. I joke, but I've seen some php before that was at least 600 chars before line breaks, I have no idea how they wrote it like that. http://hashcat.net/oclhashcat-lite/ 2800M/s SHA1 hashes on a ATI HD 7970. vs http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11298184/about-how-fast-c... PBKDF2 is still very much harder to crack then SHA1 with any reasonable length of salt. It is the second time I fear. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect Me too. What varies my speed in fiction reading (beyond plain badly written fiction) is the level of detail the story forces my mind to create to envision it. In a fiction book I really enjoy I'll spend more time 'dreaming' it then reading. I think another way to test to see how well someone speed reads is to have them pick out a concept out of non-indexed data. If someone speed reads beyond their ability they will skip over it, if they are not a speed reader it will take some time for them to find it. I'll assume you meant ads :p As an avid user of Firefox+Adblock I don't know what you are talking about, I don't see any ads at all. I do see a lot of terrible fonts, colors, and typesetting though. Funny, in the future there will be adults that have never lived in a world without Google. Instead of the word 'Google', just say fast, well indexed internet searching. It depends where you were. In a university or large business you could go to where the other computer people were and ask, or go to the library, and if you were lucky maybe a BBS where a few experts were. If you had the right contacts you could pick up the phone and call someone (god long distance was expensive back then). Things didn't occur at the rate they do now. You might have to push a problem out for a week or two to get an answer, or maybe a manual shipped via mail. That, or you pissed around and tinkered with something till it worked by yourself. Since Google is written by programmers, it's a very good search engine for finding stuff about programming. I'm sure there are medical publications and search engines related to the medical field, and that 'Good' Doctors will quickly use them when something falls outside of their memorized knowledge. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/04/health/quest-to-eliminate-... Note: there is a diagnostic program named Isabel that would be the Google equivalent. My friends daughter was born with a lung disorder that showed up in the first week after leaving the hospital. The local hospital almost killed her in incorrect diagnosing and panic and she was emergency flighted to Childrens. Two of the doctors there quickly came back with a preliminary diagnosis of congenital lobar emphysema after a few internet searches on the symptoms. They had printed what information they could find off of a few websites at the time. Based on that they talked to surgeons that had experience in the field and within a day the surgery had been performed and all was well. What I see is 3 information tiers. 1. You should know this off the top your head to be a professional. Common information, kind of like daily use of your first language. 2. Information that is not common or you shouldn't be expected to remember because of its rare usage. The type of information this thread is about. 3. Information you make, what you state at the end of this thread. > I expect some people to never ever leave XP, because they'll have one little activex control that their entire multibillion dollar operation runs on, What about the expense of the Chinese/Russian/Whatevercountry hackers totally owning them because they use IE6? Wow! Someone at the ISC has finally learned what Unix means. I've not used Bind for years after being burned by it's security issues back in the 90's. The 'one big monolithic' program was a terrible idea. I had used DJB dns for years, even with its shortcomings in areas, the modular design caused a bug or security issue in one area not to kill the entire system. Hopefully with bind 10 we'll be able to use user separation (or at least enough selinux) to keep each program in its own security 'domain'. He falls in to a trap of knowing machine behavior, but not dealing with people behavior. Insanity #2: I need somebody to talk to when a service interruption occurs You hear about an earthquake in California, you call your aunt to make sure she is ok. You are getting bad weather in the area you live, your mom calls and checks on you. The server you use disappears off the internet and your providers status page hasn't been updated for a week, you '...'? When something goes wrong, it's not an event that effects everybody (even if it is), it's an event that effects you. As long as humans are still involved in the purchasing and managing of servers you'll always need someone to call and yell at/be soothed by. I don't think it's useful in a technical sense, but it did catch my eye so much that I scrolled up and down a few times to watch it. Take that and stick it on a client demo and you might help secure another sale. Being that IPv4 addresses are something that's having a bit of a shortage these days, it's not at the top of the list of things to worry about. That said, if you're one of the few that has IPv6 access, this could turn in to an issue pretty quick. I would think that an impact of mars by this body would delay any further plans of visiting mars for a while. The level of atmospheric dust would be... tremendous. I wonder if 'backsplash' of rocks and other material would pose a threat to the mars orbiters? Because most bells are not clear (transparent), and language can be interpreted many different ways. Take the classic sentence "Snoptic, go help jack off a horse." Most people would assume you meant "Go help Jack, [get down] off of a horse." Throw a lawsuit, some lawyers, and a village idiot in there and you may find you are contractually obligated to masturbate a large domestic animal. No, not because they are a start up, but because it's really damn easy for $random_internet_user to get compromised and not realize it. Did $random-user share his dropbox email with someone else who was compromised? Did $random-user save his dropbox email on a large service (like Yahoo), which he had compromised? Did $random-user not update Java, Adobe, Windows, etc and have his machine compromised? Or in some other way leak information? I'm not in any way excusing Db, but uncritically blaming them without other possible scenarios seems just as asinine. Of course, every password should have a large individual salt to prevent rainbow tables. A hidden salt that is used across all passwords is useless on a public service, because that becomes the password to hack. The attacker takes an account that has a known password and brute forces the salt from that. Salt and hash are good for protecting well chosen passwords, but because the speed they can be processed mean the hacker can try billions of different passwords a second. These days choosing a cryptographically hard (memory hard) is the best bet to extend the time from a breach to password discovery so the majority of the users can change their password. With publicly creatable accounts by the potential hacker, a pepper is just another password. Leaving identifiable bits in the hash makes it easier to do things like if pass_type ($1$) { on_logon $upgrade_to_pass_type$6$) > At worse, you slow them down a bit, allowing you to do things like mass-email everybody affected. If you ever know at all. Better to use 'not fast' hashes like bcrypt, scrypt, or PB(something) that requires far more work and far slower cracking. Well, salt being common (now, not historically) is probably sourced close to production to reduce its transportation costs. There is a large salt mine within 35 miles of my house, and they are located all along the gulf coast in salt domes, a by product of oil exploration. A sturdy fence helps, but it also costs too. The biggest issue is this guy... http://www.backyardchickens.com/a/raccoon-chicken-predators-... Racoons are very sharp creatures and can open cages and pens that aren't designed well. If your wire mesh is too large and your chickens stay close to they edge they will lay wait and grab them thru the cage. I'm assuming pretty much every other egg laying bird has the disease, even many egg laying reptiles (keeping snakes out of the chickens house is never any fun). U.S. has the FDA so food regulations tend to get applied equally across the country, even if it doesn't make sense. I'm sure most the taste is determined by the feed, which is mostly a common ground up mixture. 'Yard eggs', where the chicken doesn't not eat a diet of %100 feed can have a different taste and yolk color. DIVX V2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DIVX (note: not the video codec) OR "How to make your product fail by ignoring the failures of the past" (Piracy is free, Apple is easy, lets make are products hard to use and expenive in this market) In both cases (UV and the building) is there were plenty of successful designs that could have been copied from. It's even sadder in the case of UV that there must have been no end user testing before shoveling this out on the customer. Add on the entire website seems designed to extract information on Facebook accounts so they can keep tabs on you, it's obvious that none of this is about customer satisfaction or usability, but about new ways to monetize the customer and give them as little service as possible. -guard donkeys On my dads farm one of our goats had babies (kids?), after a few weeks we allowed them to roam the pastures. For some reason the donkey had something against one of the kids and stomped it to death, then proceeded to throw its dead body around like a ragdoll for hours. I never trusted that donkey again. And neither do they (LV). Trademark is not copyright. Apple does go after other designs that are similar to theirs, but (big BUT), they don't use DMCA unless there was an actual copy of their artwork/software. They file an injunction with a judge to stop sales of the product and/or sue them in civil court. You're assuming that they have to make their living 'hacking'. If instead they have an oil well in the back yard providing a steady paycheck (I live in Texas, and know people just like this), they have plenty time for non-profit endeavors. Birth rate is a bad number to look at because it's not taking in purely economic effects, it's racial and historical effects. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db09.htm#arethere http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012/tables/12s0080.p... Had America not been founded on slavery and a history of inequality afterwards our numbers would be much closer to the EU stats. I had a saying years ago that went like this... "You can tell the condition of the economy by the quality of fast food employees." > People don't hire teens when the economy is weak because they are less reliable than adults. Incorrect: People don't hire teens when the economy is weak because they can hire a MBA, BS, etc for the same price because they desperately need a job. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21180371 Spain unemployment rate hit a record: youth rate at 55% Contract labor for the win. Sell the mowing job as a unit. I will pay you $X to mow lawn, you have one day to complete the task. You separate the speed in which the labor works from the value of the job. In most cases this leads the worker to complete as fast as possible for their own benefit, but does not harm you if the worker decides to take their time. Restaurants are a burst capacity problem. In a typical restaurant from 11ish to 1sh you have a burst of traffic then from 1ish to 5ish you have low to no traffic. Once the dinner crowd comes in you'll have another burst of traffic that can vary greatly per weekday (monday nights, low traffic - friday nights, high traffic). You run in to the problem were many employees (waiters) want a full time job but you can only afford a few of them. In many food service types they've (as the parent stated) got rid of the waiters all together (increased unemployment) and only kept the staff that would need to be there regardless of traffic amount. >But if by some miracle we do finally automate everything or If we quit finding new ways new ways to employ people... You don't have to automate everything, just increase unemployment to a significant enough percentage and social instability (rioting, political unrest) will be the primary concern. Looking at Spain's 55% youth unemployment, it's probably a good thing. Giving the young jobs is good, you don't learn how to work in a vacuum. Once they are older and have training they'll be able to find better jobs with the experience under their belt. What about mobility. If a person loses their job, in the U.S. it is easy to move. With the number of people that have left California to other states with lower costs of living, or going to counties with lower costs these things are not easily gathered. http://www.newgeography.com/content/001925-if-california-is-... Energy costs? Overseas competition? Cost of regulations? You can disagree, doesn't mean you're correct. Right out of high school I worked at a gas station for a few months (needed to pay the bills) before I gained employment at an internet service. People skills, situation control, theft management are just a number of things I picked up there. Assuming Walmart is the only minimum wage employer is your first mistake. >and not owners (via lower profits)? Because 'free market' competition would have already reduced that cost/profit via other market factors. Assume the market is colluding on price and it's not hard to see that consumers could pay the cost. Dealing with customers. Working with others. Earning a check (and the required things that go on with this). Showing up on time or getting fired (can't get fired from school, only in trouble). Also on the same note, time management and working with others (hey boss, I need off friday, I talked to jon who would take my place without causing him any overtime). I think you highly overrate what high school teaches students these days. >With hindsight its not hard to see that they were obviously wrong, I won't say they we're wrong, yet. The industrial revolution is not over. >How many businesses do you think are carrying an excess of employees at the moment just because the wages are cheap? More then you think. Increased insurance costs has done more to get rid of excess employees then minimum wage will. >It is only those jobs that can be offshored No, not only. Now that costs increase it makes more sense for the employer to take a harder look at replacing parts of the employment chain with software or automation. Where at one point employes kept people around for their flexibility it tips more in favor of machines (software or hardware) for there efficiency. Making an assumption that there will always be 'something else' that they can to to earn a living is just an assumption too. Attempting to find an optimal social solution before the unemployed riot and burn the factories is a good idea. In theory, that is a shared cost amongst all their competitors. >I have a lot of credit cards, and none of them say the name of the month on it, only the number. Why waste the space? Use a lot (more then your sample size) of different credit cards and you'll see some only have 'FEB' or others 'February' and no numerical month at all. Others have the year as '14' or '2014'. It would have been better if the card issuers decided on a standard quite some time ago. >Send 0.123 BTC to xxx How is 'xxx' determined? Looks like a great place to install malware that overtops the sites QR with its own and sends the payment off to the wrong place. A company I contract for develops a commercial software package for an industry. They allow to companies to 'buy' their priority development time for specialized features with the caveat, any feature that is developed is released in their mainline package. There are no forks, which over time would become more and more expensive to maintain. As of this time, I can say the policy has worked well for them. TL:DR - No one has to fix your problem unless you represent a significant portion of their income. What I take from the whole article is the author severely underestimates the true cost of software. FTA: "And while it's not pleasant, this approach has led me to realize, that in some cases, I simply couldn't afford certain software, even so it was offered to me at no charge." This is all software, open source or not, unless you are paying for the direct development of it. There is plenty of closed source programs that I've seen companies tied up in that the manufacture quit supporting or wouldn't fix that cost tens of thousands of dollars in migration fees. The one benefit of open vs closed is that with open you have the option of posting "I will pay the first person $1000 to fix X and release the code" Error control and backend processing failures. When the user types 'Juny' did he mean June or July. The longer drop down option of '07 - JULY' shows all the combinations that I've seen printed on cards with the least potential of failure. I do believe your reply has validated my point with the error it contains. >There is only one MD5. >you're doing them wrong and will get the wrong results. I don't guess you're a developer or coder. Being that the speed of MD5 has increased greatly on the same hardware over the years has shown there are many, if not infinite ways of finding an md5sum. Essentially code is math and number are infinite. You could calculate a number with multiplication and call it NumberTwizzle(TM), I could then look at your formula and write a new formula with bit shifts that runs twice and outputs the exact same answer. I could not call it NumberTwizzle though. >Creativity is essential, but unless you do those kinds of things the same way as everyone else, This partial sentence, I don't even. Creativity is looking at what other people are doing and coming up with a 'better', 'cheaper', or 'faster' (maybe all) solution to an existing problem. doing 'things' the same way as everyone else is the exact opposite of creativity. The simpler and less colorful we make icons, the more we'll relalize we'd made the same icons 25 years ago with windows 3.1. LV may feel like they have a case, but only because they've put shudders on and are only looking at their own work and not the entire industry they are built upon. You don't have to log traffic, your bandwidth provider can do that without your permission. Just print them out on paper in an unordered format. Is it real_ksink2cabinet, or real_ksinktocabinet, or real_ksink_to_cabinet? Why is it so hard to put the dishes up? http://phpsadness.com/sad/48 Imagine a country where all decisions are made by the richest and most outspoken, where they can change the meaning of words on a whim. Oh, wait, we don't have to. >Whether we use a new technology for good or evil reflects our character as individuals and as a society You'd agree fossil fuel powered engines have been a good thing for humanity in the past 100 years? It would be hard not to agree. Fast travel, ability go grow huge amount of food for the population, just about every modern convenience is based on what they have allowed. That said, they have also enabled two world wars, mass lead poisoning of societies, smog and other pollution types, global warming, and possible catastrophic collapse of the global population if it stops flowing. What defines individual selfishness when the effect is close to insignificant per person, but the long term accumulated effects can be disastrous. which snowflake caused the avalanche? Emergent behavior can be hard to predict. If you march across a bridge its fine. If a 300 person marching team does it collapses. Where is the volition in the collapse? At what number does something meaningless (or possible good) become harmful? Trying to measure such things as binary, black or white, good or evil when it is the improper unit to measure them will lead to failure. This was meant to be a reply to http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5352710 Stone Age headline: "Critics decry new bow and arrow technology: Will lead to world wars with nuclear weapons, automated drone strikes against civilians." I had a single IP on a customers 10M-bit fiber line get DDoSed for what seemed like no apparent reason. We had the ISP blackhole just that IP and the issue went away, but it was a real WTF on why it happened, and no it wasn't some ones accidental DNS mistake. >and often at a lower margin for the artist. No, this is a sign of competition. Music has a problem, any given person can only consume so much of it. When music was hard to make and distribute it was easy to fix the price. Now that(at least bad) music can be made by anyone there is an oversupply of music. As a supplier to Wal-Mart you don't have to agree to lower prices. You just get replaced by another company willing to make 5 million units for .003 cents less. Searching from the URL bar has always been a bad idea, too bad Google adopted the practice. People that don't understand the DNS hierarchy (and history) are doomed to call things failures that were not, and doomed to find new ways to break DNS in the future. Why is it now? If you haven't read any online news lately, as in the past few years, people have had fits about this since it was introduced. Diablo 3 for example. More people are complaining about it now since with SimCity they didn't expect it to occur. Additionally how bad EA at keeping the game online too. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER http://filer.case.edu/dts8/thelastq.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Question At one time we believed in tariffs. If they stole it and made it, at least they would have to pay to bring it back to us. We wouldn't tariff countries/products that respected our rules. If I had to guess, the network communication design failed when presented with larger then expected number of connections, which showed poor testing being that EA has worked with online games before. There could also be higher then anticipated data errors (corruption from the network stack, cpu errors, memory errors) from the clients not in the beta that are holding memory on the server longer then expected in comparison to the beta. Beta's don't always give the best information since the participants are self selecting (selection bias). And making what is historically a single player game dependent on network connectivity for no apparent gain to the user is a design failure. These poor guys where born in the wrong countries, here they are poor slobs forced to illegally install shifty software to watch their 'slaves'. Had they been born in China, Egypt, or any of the number of countries with strict internet monitoring they could now be employed by the state monitoring dissidents. There is still hope for them, if they do good in college the NSA may still hire them. dye44 on twitch.tv has a map of 1.1 Million sims on a res only map. It seems likely he can go much higher then that. He also has a map that has a 'taxi-splosion' one taxi spawns hundreds of taxi's until all the streets are deadlocked with taxi's. He has to log off and back on for the map to work again. Lastly are the insane, inane, and wacky workarounds he does to have a playable game. EA got too ambitious and couldn't manage all the WTF's they have made with the new engine. There is no Maxis, only EA. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxis#Acquisition_by_EA The Glassbox engine was designed to be easily moddable. The problem is the games 'online' nature leads EA to ban people from making mods to keep people from cheating. There was a huge disconnect in the grand vision somewhere. How many of those million copies were sold before the launch (pre-orders)? Also, the current game is not being sold on it's own merit. If we'd never heard of SimCity before this game would not have sold 1M copies. It's because the nostalgia that many people have had playing the different city games from the mid '90s that's carried the current game so far. While the researchers have no moral high ground to stand on here, neither do the 420,000 people (or whatever division of that is owned by separate groups) that are running insecure devices. I've messed up and put insecure stuff on the internet before. I'd rather have it go down and break in a fire rather then having it quietly ship personal information to (feared country of choice). If you put an insecure device on the internet, the damage that ensues is your fault. Ignorance cannot be an excuse. Default passwords and no passwords are just unacceptable. Yes, by some twisted logic you can blame the hacker, but as time goes on we see more and more state sponsored attacks. It is their job to hack in to equipment of other nations for various reasons. It is your job to keep that from happening. TL;DR There is no such thing as a trivial mistake on a public network. I'd be pissed at myself for running an no password/default password on the global internet that is connected to nations that we (as in my nation) consider enemies. The world is full of fundamentalists that are not, trufax. thief is still culpable for the crime if he takes the car. Unless the thief is in a country that neglects, ignores, or rejects your law. This is where the analogy breaks down. Unless you fool the person to come to your (or another friendly) country they can hack you with impunity, that said there has been examples of hackers dumb enough to come to the U.S. after the fact. A better way to look at this instead of the criminal method is the insurance method. Your insurance company is going to be unwilling to pay for your loss because you were stupid and left your car open and running where Russian gangsters could steal it with impunity. Moving from UDP back to TCP on large packets is a mixed bag. TCP is slow, very slow. At one time DNS packets were limited to 512 bytes and had to use TCP for more data, but over time the number of UDP packets over 512 bytes increased greatly. Going back to the smaller packet size would impact a large number of users with longer load times, especially on wireless devices. Closing open DNS servers isn't a real fix. The people who need to fix it are the lest likely to have a clue there is a problem in the first place. Being that many religions frown on birth control, being gay, and instead focus on having lots of babies... I don't think that would have the population control effect you are looking for. If they don't stop torturing these poor animals, we're going to hunt them down and lock them in cages! That's the problem with reality, might really does make right. Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. WTF does anything going on outside of the computer industry have to with Windows? Lets setup some straw men and light them on fire. The biggest issue with 8 is that there is enough interface change that people feel they have to relearn it. In business this takes time and money to teach the employees, or for them to learn themselves. Most people don't want to spend time learning something new when there is little to no benefit from doing so. Real computer users want to get a task done, not to spend half their life learning interface changes. From the tone of your reply, I'm going to assume you are one of those designers that says "My interface is right, and you are too dumb to understand it's awesomeness", and then are shocked and amazed when no one uses it. The problem with Dell is they change part numbers so fast that a particular part number replacement not be available, you then run not well trained techs trying to figure out which newer part number actually works and is equivalent on your model. Last year I purchased three XPS 17 laptops within 3 months of each other for a client. Each time I had to choose slightly different options as they didn't offer the exact same configuration each time. So what you're saying is modular technology and modular politics would be the most optimal situation. If one part of a system is outdated it makes more sense to replace that the broken part rather than an entire system. Unfortunately both political and computer systems want us to be 'all in' on whatever current version is out. I'm pretty sure the poster would also be in jail if it were 'pot' rather than just some regular plant in a pot. http://www22.verizon.com/Support/Residential/Internet/HighSp... Verizon shows some IPv6 support over FIOS. In the quick search I performed I didn't see any info about DSL. I've been hounding Suddenlink about their IPv6 support for some time. The response I received from one of the techs was that they were having issues with Cisco on the headend equipment. He knows that he's such an asshole, he doesn't want his image out there in case of reprisal. Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak? With an introvert you can only assume their level of incompetence. An extrovert will gladly extol the level of his ignorance. Like security, hacking is a process. Every step you can take to hide the payload increases the change of execution. For example, take a business that scans files that come thru the firewall and email, they think their firewall does the job well enough so they don't focus on keeping A/V on the computers up to date. A better way to word that is 'the poor behavior of young _____', you could put any number of words in there and have the same effect. Youth are not well known for having great risk assessment abilities. At the same time, they do not have property, wealth, and families to add in to any risk assessment they would make. That said, youth need experience, we are not ready made adults and have to suffer the consequence of our mistakes to learn much of the time. Studies showing that adults make fewer poor decisions should realize a lot of that is because of the previous poor decisions that person had already made. I'll toss a link to this article along similar lines. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/14/nyregion/order-that-police... >It has been many years since people actually suffered from the weight of zillions of spam messages in their inbox. And this is part of what makes email close to useless these days. Outside of your own organization you have no idea if your mail was delivered or black holed at a server somewhere never to be heard from again. Too many servers still do the wrong thing, accept and delete, rather than reject at HELO. You wouldn't care much if the post office dropped all the ads for $5.99 pizza before they got to your post box, but if your bills got lost regularly you would be unhappy, and that's the problem with email. >The most useful thing a person with training in the social sciences can tell you, of which the general population isn't aware, is what you should be less sure of I'd say that is true for any expert in any complicated field. Almost any engineer will tell you a system made of a few simple components will have a much higher probability of being deterministic then a system of many complex components. Being that social sciences deal with the most complex creatures in existence they should damn well know determining anything with a high rate of probability is near impossible. Just over 'SSL' itself isn't enough, even if it was enough. There are so many broken configurations and weak ciphers that just having a lock on your url bar isn't enough. https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/index.html >NSA has no interrogation capability at all. Dumbest thing I've heard yet today. It reminds me of the scene in Demolition Man where Simon Phoenix cannot kill Dr. Raymond Cocteau so Phoenix enlists one of his ne'er-do-well friends to dispatch him. >The NSA doesn't create vulnerabilities in software. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_EC_DRBG > I always avoided Hitachi drives in my deck for some reason Probably because Hitachi bought IBM's line of Deathstar drives that were notoriously unreliable. It appears they have done far better with the product. >start trying to beam 5Ghz through three office walls (and fail), they'll want to know why and eventually find themselves back on a 2.4Ghz solution, simply because it's not so sensitive to solid objects. Or they will put a single CAT6 to each room and put a low power 5GHz AP on it. If you are the only person in a few thousand feet 2.4GHz is fine. You cannot expect to have the ability to penetrate walls and have numerous neighbors doing the same. >reliability is a much more important engineering goal to focus on. Wireless is and can be very reliable. Just go get a FCC spectrum licence for a dedicated and unshared frequency and watch your reliability issues disappear. It's just expensive. Reliability on open spectrums is always going to be an issue, and one you should never depend fully on. There will always be old equipment running that doesn't work well with the new standards and tosses it's new found gains out the window. Unless you can convince each of your neighbors to throw away that ancient 2.4GHz phone handset and old B router. Reliability on telco wireless is a different issue. They would rather run more customers on a segment, reducing reliability, but increasing profits. In 2000-2001 I was an admin for a day trading firm managing around 80 computers and servers. The drives worked great. They were really fast right up till the moment of their clicking death. At around 6 months around 15 out of 30 had it occur. I remember when this... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_tasting got so bad in the mid-2000's that it was best just to buy the domain if you even thought you wanted it. CentOS6 OpenSSL supports TLS1.2 and PFS https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/viewClient.html?name=OpenSSL... CentOS 6.5 comes with nginx 1.0.15 which by the documentation supports TLS1.2 This is a good place to start on good OpenSSL defaults. https://www.ssllabs.com/projects/best-practices/index.html >I have a legacy NAS from Cisco that no OS since Vista can access on my network. My guess is that is a security/encryption setting issue with your NAS. Windows won't send a login request to a server that uses weak standards unless you change registry settings. This is done for your protection. >You can't even resize the window past 80 characters. Or, you can change your defaults... Right click the top bar > Defaults Window Size > Width > 'What ever you want' Oh, and use powershell if you want more. Being that I run mixed Linux/Win7 networks with SMB filesharing and don't have speed transfer problems, it seems to be a sysadmin problem. Update your NIC drivers and make sure your processor can handle encrypted sessions at full speed. If you want to downgrade to NTLM you are free to edit the registry keys to do so. The rest of us don't want our passwords and traffic easily crackable. It breaks surprisingly commonly. You've moved 3-7 times in a few years. I move different customers numbers at many times a month. Around 20% of the time we have issues with fail to fast busy for 8 to 12 hours where no system on the telco side takes a call. I will say this though, switching mobile goes rather well almost all of the time. Porting numbers on fixed telephone lines is much more apt to fail. >I was quite embarrassed to learn how poorly my clever loop works in modern browsers! What's really embarrassing is IE js performance. Since I keep an ancient copy of of Netscape 9.0.0.6 on my computer I decided to try it so see how much browsers have improved. It doesn't seem to upload results I'll post them here in the same order as the testing page. 17.25 16.72 5.94 8.81 18.90 23.28 20.92 23.58 This is on the same computer that was pulling 5000+ on the fastest tests. Browsers have come a long way. > I wonder if I have rose tinted glasses for most of the "real world". This depends on how you are defining the 'real world'. If you think of society as an ecosystem it should not surprise you that prey and predation occurs, as occurs in natural systems. In a natural system, if something is both possible and successful it is very likely to occur. As for jobs that the whole purpose is to discredit people, have not paid attention U.S. politics? Mudslinging is a very popular method of securing political victory. Many of our intelligence agencies are built on collecting just this kind of information. It is good, now all the latest major browsers support TLS1.2 with forward secrecy. It is unfortunate that IE doesn't put FS suits first though. For you Windows server operators out there, I suggest IISCrypto to order your cipher selection (this works on desktop versions of Windows too). https://www.nartac.com/Products/IISCrypto/ The map in the article makes it look like the US and Europe are having a cancer epidemic, while the rest of the world has much lower numbers. What seem more likely is the 'west' is having a cancer detection epidemic . Just because cancer is detected doesn't mean that it is going to kill you. You could easily die from a heart attack before the cancer had significant negative effects, for example. A ssl version of the code should be provided. Many sites, such as the one we are on, only allow SSL connections and mixed-content is a poor security practice. >People that buy $200+ routers should be the ones to turn things off. The price of an object says nothing about the cluefullness or cluelessness of the end user. A tech illiterate soccer mom could easily buy one of these because their child told them they need 'extreme performance' to play BF4. Releasing products with poor security, then not fixing it when released to the public is unacceptable in this day and age. What is the difference between this and the newest EMET? http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/jj653751 SSL Labs test will not give you a A+ rating if it is not set at least that long. HSTS headers should always be set for a long period of time to avoid a client that only rarely connects to a site having a MITM attack occur. I think the real question is "How much of Apache's market will Nginx take?" Answer: As much as you can reasonably afford. Reason: File system cache. In modern Linux and Windows operating systems every file you read off the hard drive is stored in memory and only re-read after it has been write invalidated. This can reduce the amount of disk related seeks greatly in a mostly read based workload. For your average home user between 6 and 8GB are pretty standard amount and will give good performance. For power users and gamers between 16 and 32GB should be considered. That's why you don't release terrible security flaws in the first place. The second problem of the illiterate flashing ones router is more difficult, but not completely impossible to deal with. It's not optimal, but you could force redirect all http connections to the router from inside the network to a page where the user has to log in and click flash for the router to download and update the flash itself. Auto-updates are possible, but not without risk either. The chances any 'complex' life came to form in the early universe are vastly improbable. First, there were no heavy elements yet. They are formed in the cores of exploding stars (Metallicity). We know from our studies in to the ancient universe that early stars are metal poor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallicity Hammering that fact in that the first stars are not though to have formed for 100 Million years after the big bang, at which time the CMB would be rather cool. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-first-stars-in... After this point things get kind of hazy as there are still many questions about early galaxy formation and dark matter interactions. That said it is likely that star formation was occurring in dense clouds of hydrogen gas like we see today. Most of the star formation areas would be dominated by huge stars with short lifespans, ending in short violent lives. While seeding the galaxy with the building blocks for future life, the amount of these catastrophes would make survival very difficult in the glow of gamma radiation. Very little is known about the long term stability of these galaxies either. http://sciencenordic.com/collisions-made-early-galaxies-grow... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers Those are easy to block with a firewall policy. DDOS is the only way to sustain an attack. Unencrypted password storage. Easily reversible (or bruteforced) authentication. Easily MITMed protocol. What year is this? In the first 380,000 years it expanded 1000 times its size and dropped to 4000K, much too hot for life. Reionization occurred from 150M to 1B years after the big bang, by the time that was done the universe was around 50K (-233C). During reionization it is likely the universe would have had too much ionizing radiation for life. A question that should be asked is: If someone slips you chemical $X, that alters your body odor, will you be locked out of your devices? Same goes for business owners too. We had a 20Mbit fiber from our cable company where the multi year contract was expiring. We contacted a bandwidth broker to find us a better deal. He came back with a much better deal on fiber from the local telco. We submitted the telco contract to the cable company and they price matched us. We went from 20Mbit to 50Mbit and dropped the price by half. The broker cost somewhere around $300, and was the best money we ever spent. Who says we haven't tricked the simulation, and who says we can be tricked? If we do exist in a simulation, not understanding the motivations and nature of the perpetrators of said simulation leave us with no means to tell if our results are unadulterated. Lets say you find incontrovertible proof that we are being simulated. You are so exited you pull through a red light on the way home and are killed by a bus. In the mean time the hard drive with your data on it crashes and the data is lost. Another researcher attempts to follow your work, performs the same experiment and gets a negative result, we are not being simulated (little does he know he's running on Universe.exe patch level 4.0.2113). A universal virtual machine could operate just like virtual machines we use now. If the occupants of said simulation screw stuff up we can always be rolled back to a checkpoint with no knowledge of such an occurrence. Slight changes could be made to the problematic actors in the simulation and chaos theory would likely make the simulation diverge.