That's disingenuous --that's called reported speech. (in reported speech, tenses go back one). The team pictures have obvious heavy shadows from a single flash. Otherwise, looks promising, I might give them a try next time round. The easy interface to map-data editing is quite nice. As others have said, Taiwan is very foreigner friendly -moreso if you are willing to Learn Mandarin (it's cheap), albeit with a TW accent. If you move to the south, then Taiwanese is also important, but you can get by with Chinese. English does not go far beyond foreign bars and western companies. Couple of things. In the north the weather can be miserable in winter --humid/rainy and cold. It hardly drops to freezing, but it's bone chilling. In the south you have to think about pollution. It's really bad and it's dreadfully hot in the summer --I mean intolerably hot (most of the time it's ok b/c you're indoors with AC, but once you step outside you get drenched within a minute. There's an expression for respiratory problems people might develop in the industrial south "Kaohsiung Lung" for a kind of cough which some people develop in response to the pollution. Some good things, taxes are quite reasonable. People are friendly and most things are relatively cheap -unless you are looking at Japanese and Western products, then they are expensive. You can drive w/o a license pretty much without repercussions, but if you're staying long, go thru the process, it's worth it. Healthcare, it's taken care of for you when you get a job. Co-pay is ridiculously low. Procedures are low. The medicine is pretty much up to standard, but realize most hospitals are privately owned by millionaires. Food is abundant and available at all hours of the day and night -for cheap. Again, unless you are looking for excellent Japanese or Western food, then you pay. Utilities are cheap. While apartments and condos are great, houses are weird. They are these weird 4 to 6 story very narrow monstrosities with very bad usability design, in my opinion. Government offices, from my experiences were very efficient --nothing required hour waits nor return visits (unless you forget a document). Documents are simple --but you need to understand Chinese of have someone help you). Housing is cheap, unless you need to live in a "western compound" then it gets expensive. Other bad things: traffic. Unless you can use the MRT (in Kaohsiung or Taipei) you will have to ride a scooter (or drive a car). Don't get into an accident. You will most likely have to pay a settlement fee -esp being a foreigner. There is no "central heating" so get used to cold winters in TPE. You run out of places to visit quite soon, so you might have to hop over to Japan. Driving is kind of ruleless. Well, they have rules but most people ignore them so it's very chaotic. There are no sidewalks. It looks like they exist, but they don't. What look like sidewalks are actually private property, most of the time used for scooter parking or for business fronts. The "sidewalk" are the actual streets --but since they are the street proper, they are dangerous --which is why people ride scooters for a half block errand (it seemed ridiculous at first, but it makes sense as you will earn). Crime exists but for the most part, it's hidden from westerners --just don't try to pick up or look at a gangster's GF or whatever and you'll be ok -however, this is unlikely to happen, unless you go to "local bars"/KTVs/Touch-touch places as opposed to foreigner bars. "Gangsters" sport tattoos, short hair and some chew betel nut (bing lan). Guns are few, but knives are plentiful. Good luck. It's not really relying on Google's search solutions at all. It's relying on users' search behavior. It's coincidental that they (users) use Google and that they happen to always click on the bogus result --when no other data are available. Their method, when no data is available for a search term, is to sometimes (7 out of 100?) rely on human ranked results (in this case gamed by Google) via user behavior gathered with their toolbar. It'd be interesting to find out if Bing was only using behavioral results of Google users or they recorded behavior by users of all search engines. Unfortunately, Google don't seem to have conducted an A/B test to find out, so it ended up with confirmation bias. Their own pre-emptive attempt at exculpation "So you’re upset that Apple wouldn’t approve your money-grubbing stupid idea?" is pretty much my sentiment. Come back when you have a legit gripe. Just because others get away with something is no reason you should get away with same. "Hey, officer, I saw other people speeding too and you didn't cite them, not fair!" Hmm, ok. I think you actually compared yourself to happy-fart or something, but whatever. In any event, it's as if you would deny them "learning". I would refer to any legal code. You can observe it change with time in order to adjust to behavior, attitudes, mores, technology, etc. Imagine the crime boss "Hey, IRS (the US tax board), that was legal last year, how come you took away my loophole?" Now, granted, the IRS has to go thru a process to implement code changes, but this is an analogy to illustrate that codification requires change over time. It'd be shortsighted to want to limit the change regimen from ad hoc to periodic, for your convenience. Sense of humor; is that even germane to anything? Would it have been better if they had cited some cells from xkcd? Is it possible the £585 is a standard fee regardless of simplicity or complexity? i.e. oil change, $40. (no matter it's an easy access filter or complicated filter change) I think the question might better be, why don't Americans travel overseas? Then compare that to how many non-Americans travel overseas. What I'm getting at is that in a small country, you deplete exploration of your own country quickly. In larger places like America, Australia, Canada, China, Russia, one has lots to discover at home and "abroad" can be very far away for many in the interior. Whereas, places like Europe, Middle East, South America are made up (mostly) by relatively small countries, so going abroad could be a 5 hour drive or train ride. When Europeans go south for the Summer (or Winter) they go to another country, almost necessarily; in the US or other large countries, Summer beaches or Winter slopes are in the same country, hence no need to travel outside the country. I think this question of travel deserves another metric to take the distance and geographic discrepancies into account. I think they're trying to be funny. It certainly does not come across as funny, however. So, if they really seek a sales and marketing person, they should avoid using loaded words like monkey, droid, etc. See the satirical post about the terms rockstar and ninja, as it refers to employees. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2180233 >"...but I wish the author had done more research instead of going for a gotcha." That's a bit of irony right there, isn't it? --wow, Matt, I guess it cuts both ways, eh? It's no secret that a fair number of commenters throughout the controversy have sided with Google's or Bing's side. Some people have thought that the initial story came to a premature conclusion (where, incidentally, Bing cried foul). Now we have Jacques, it appears, arriving at premature conclusion as well and we have Google crying foul. To me, that's the essence of irony. I'm sure both Google Search and Bing have your reasons for the way the dirty laundry has been brought out in public. Yeah, I think if you're going to scout the city and want to get a feel for what it would be like to live in SF (rather than vicinity, which is completely different) you should want to spend at least two weeks in SF. I would say stay at an AirBnB for lodging. I think that will give you a better window into what daily life might look like for you. A hotel is going to be disengaged. "Silicon Valley" kind of has as its epicenter in Palo-Alto. However, that really is a rough geographic description. Most mature companies are HQd in SF or San Jose (those are the normal boundaries). SF has companies and startups, tho most could be considered companies which use web-technologies to provide services (AirBnB, Yelp, Craigslist) whereas peninsula companies might fit more the web-infrastructure and platformy (Google, VMware, Verisign, FB) side of things. Mountain View-Santa Clara-San Jose is more Hardware (Intel, Cisco, IBM). That's overly simplified. It's just to give you some rough bearing. UC Berkeley is 30 mins away via Rapid Trainsit (Bart), Stanford U is about 1hr from SF on Commuter Rail (CalTrain) SF is a bit expensive to live in, as a student with little income. Your situation might be different. Many people share rent or the sort, to make things more affordable, if they do want to remain in SF. However, that introduces the vagaries that come with having roommates. You can look for upcoming events you might want to check out here http://sf.funcheap.com/events/san-francisco/ Lodgning at: airbnb.com look at rent info: http://hotpads.com/ also http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/hhh/ Proto- Startup Culture, maybe a quick stop at Hacker Dojo? http://wiki.hackerdojo.com/w/page/25437/FrontPage (It's in the middle of a middle-aged non-descript office park, but it's reachable via Caltrain Mountain View Station ~10 min walk) Can you imagine: "My dad said he wasn't going to sign that FTA with [country X]" "No, I heard him say he really can't stand senator [from state X]. "My mom and I will be going shopping at [some store] at around 2." "Yeah, I actually saw the King of [country] in the oval office --It's supposed to be a secret." Not saying their daughters would have loose lips as exemplified above, and the example are highly unlikely as they would be trained to avoid such statements, but you could imagine people mining what they say to try to infer from what they post and extrapolate as well. It would be a profitable mine for the opposition as well as for any wrong-doers. >1. Hire someone from Microsoft to run the company Except, he was only at Microsoft a year and a half and before that he was with Juniper Networks and before that with Adobe Systems. What I mean is, he knows more about Microsoft and how their offerings might fit in at Nokia (than say an OS by a company he's not familiar with), but it's a stretch to couch it as if he was an old time Microsoft employee who is going to force Microsoft on Nokia. I think you mis-interpreted him. He actually said he believed that all the articles he submitted for deletion were deserving. He did however, say that if people really felt that he was being mis-guided, by following protocol, then, instead of leaving messages on his talk page, he would suggest people work on fixing WP notability guidelines. When he said "fixing" I don't get the feeling _he_ thinks it's broken but rather is acknowledging other people's take (as evidence) and lead him to believe that there could be room for improvement. To me this shows that he believes things are ok, but he would agree to any changes if the community thought changes were necessary. That's quite reasonable to me. That's quite different from the allegation. (That he thought they were wrong but just followed the guidelines anyway. Or have I missed another quote where the allegation is true? >The problem with the Wolfram Alpha terms of service is that they forbid natural, common uses of the web site. It seems that that only applies to general circumstance usage. That is, it appears, once can enter into arrangements with W|A to allow non-human usage of website. To prove, just search for "calories in apples", for example in Bing or Google search. I think they were referring to the annual drills institutionalized in Japan. From the drills conducted annually, people knew how to react to disasters, whereas people who don't experience drills (in, say SEA) ignored the warnings or didn't know how to react since they had no reference. To me, the way they "love" nature, is a bit different form the nature I'm used to. Nature means a weekend walk in the park -meanwhile many riparian areas have simply been paved over. So the love for nature is a little different. It's more "human tamed nature". It's kind of like when humans (yama girls) outnumber trees that you know it's not really nature. Agree with the rest though. >there's no looting because the Government's emergency response is very good... That wasn't particularly the case during the great Hanshin EQ of 1995. I think they did try to improve gov't response to disasters since then. So, yes, I believe they have faith in the gov't, but it's not because of a stellar record. The city, is just too enamored with itself, especially when the city is represented by the BOS. If SF wants to behave like this, (making a tax grab) they'll likely end up alienating what they're attempting to co-opt. You hear SF trying to ride the coattails of stratups everywhere. SF the 'heart of silicon valley', 'the epicenter of entrepreneurship', etc, etc. but on the other hand, it s as if they want to do as much as they can to drive job-growing business away and let SF just become the kitchen/dining room to silicon valley. Maybe i am too, but I can't figure out how SF is "giving" [the companies] wealth? Said companies are earning their own wealth. SF is not "giving" it to them, I'm sure. Let's say you were going to lease storage (physical) and outfit A had a flat fee of 50/mo. Outfit B had a flat fee of 70/mo plus appreciation on the goods you stored. Let's say 20/mo difference had negligible impact on your disposable income. Who would you choose? If you have a choice, why choose the costliest one? >The problem that is being solved is that if Twitter or Zynga leaves San Francisco and continues to grow and hire people in their new location, that will be used against the current politicians in upcoming elections Maybe, but what you're saying is politicians are more interested in the politics in and of itself than really serving the citizens. They should do what they think will benefit the majority of the citizenry with disregard what it will do to their political 'career'. One other pet peeve I have with the city is its requirement that construction jobs must include a large percentage of city residents. This is a city which prides itself in being open and welcoming of the whole gamut of locals and all immigrant types. How does that reconcile? What if San Mateo county got the itch and said, you know what, anyone not from San Mateo working in San Mateo will be levied a non-resident payroll tax. I'm going to agree with you (portman). I think it's obvious that hopping on a plane and thinking one will be of any use on the ground is grossly misguided. Yes. Absolutely. However to dismiss aid saying "we're a rich country, we can handle it" sounds strange. On average, the country is rich, yes. On the ground, each one of the people huddled in shelters is not rich (wealthy). These are people who will not have jobs for some time to come. The government itself is massively in debt (over 200% of GDP). So, to assume the voice for the whole country, especially the devastated areas, while seated in a comfy 2DK in Tokyo rings a little hollow. A bit like the emperor going on TV _days_ after the event and pretty much just saying, I'm with you, persevere, we're all suffering, look, I'm even forgoing the convenience of electricity for two hours a day (what? what? what does that even mean?) I'd say give aid organizations which can help in the affected areas. People are going to be displaced for a _long_ time, they will need food, medicines, supplies, etc. This is not going to be over in a month. Money will be needed to help these people survive while they sort their lives out. In addition, Japan being a country of relatively old people, there are quite a few who have no relatives. Or the relatives live very far away and cannot help. I know you're proud of Japan. I would hope all foreigners in every country would adopt their new homeland they way you have. Still, I think you should drop the pride a little and understand the gravity of the situation with a little more humility. Does Japan need any more foreign reporters who don't know Japanese to report on the tragedy? They encumber Japan less by sending fewer reporters. I see this as a win-win. They can send more, in-depth, reporters when things have settled so they can do their investigative stuff and give some insight. Sending people right now would be more or less taking advantage of a fresh disaster story and riding it till it had no more to give. I don't see how it's a bad thing that they're not sending more reporters to Japan. Keeps the sensationalism down, puts less strain on a strained infrastructure, etc. Also, tax laws change yearly, so it's not as static as some might believe it to be. I dunno, but it seems to be his main issue is what might amount to bragging and boasting which he appears to have encountered in his dealings. It seems to be, to a degree, a protest against conformity to a programming culture he's encountered. He wants to live his programming life as he sees fit, not so much as others seem to assume he would align with? I'd place a good bet it's not endemic of capitalist economic systems. Put another way, government and business (private or state or otherwise) necessarily operate with one another (co-operate). So implying that it's a trait solely of capitalism is not genuine. What's the context of that? Confidential in that they, the company, will not disclose it but to those they are required by law? Or confidential as in you may not disclose it to anyone, but by law? I can't imagine how a piece of information which belongs to you can be controlled by a company. I mean, you cannot possibly mean you are not allowed to inform the IRS how much you earned, right? While I can feel some sympathy, I can't feel outrage. It's not outrageous. They did not delete the content -they moved it (at first she complained about losing her data, then retrenched to complaining about broken links -so what was the real problem? She does not own the URL, the site operator does. She made assumptions which proved untrue. The result of such is unfortunate and inconvenient. It's worthy of a rant of displeasure with how they reach name collision resolution -but it's hardly an affront to the person. That is to question the "disappeared me" harking to military summary executions of actual physical people? (not online handle). If anything, that's an outrage in itself. A delusion(?) of importance. I think it's basically a problem of disconnect in expectations. TL;DR. My data was deleted -I'm upset. Oh, wait, it wasn't; It was moved. I'm pissed anyway. I could only expect what they outline in their TOSes. However, that said, mail is different in that mixing signals (email intended for me going into a mailbox now under control of someone else) might leave them open to liability, depending on what kind of information could be compromised). So, I don't think that would be a valid comparison. Look, her basic argument was her data (content) was lost, then, learning it wasn't, revised the complaint to, my links are broken. That's moving the goalpost. That was my main point. It's an inflammatory word whose use is designed to associate with despicable and unpleasant deeds. It's in bad taste to dilute the meaning of the word for personal vanity. I stand corrected. That seems onerous. Not sure all parts of that would stand up in court, if that's a civil company (non-TLA gov't dept't). Seriously, to my non-lawyer ears, that sounds more like CYA/intimidation than enforceable contract. (more or less like those signs at parking garages where they absolve themselves of liability with a sign saying so). Correct me if I'm wrong, but trademark law does not come into the picture here at all. It's a name collision. Resolution of such are generally relegated to site operator. No one is claiming she's infringing on their trademark, as far as I know. I saw these people too. Some times I used to pre-sort my garbage so they could easily pick up the stuff they wanted -cardboard and containers from the building dumpster. An observation was that they seemed dedicated and hard working. It kind of changed my way of looking at how people deal with limited opportunities. In TW destitute people are just hard working. I was very impressed by that. They find something to do --just something. I didn't see alcohol or drug abuse. I didn't see resentment toward people who were better off. It seemed like a more practical approach without psychological overlays. I don't think it was accepted as fate, rather it seemed like a calculus of "this is what I can do, it's hard, but I can eke out a living without depending on someone/something" Beside that, it was kind of weird coming up on them in the middle of the night pushing their carts in the middle of traffic. That part seemed really dangerous. When I came back to the States, this experience skewed my view of how I perceive people at the fringes in the US who seem more likely to give up on their circumstance. It just seems more self-destructive without having to be. I use Passpack. Uses a password and a packing key -you have the option to use a yubikey as well. You can read up http://www.passpack.com/en/faq/ >In Asia only Japan has decent well run prisons, but their prisons are harsh while still having a high success rate. just to clarify for others. The high conviction success rate in japan has to do with at least two things: 1. Only cases which have high chances of success are pursued (so you get cases where "people fell down a staircase". 2. Detainees have little expectation of talking to an attorney any time soon. Confessions, co-erced or otherwise, are sought after with vigor by the police. From Wikipedia "Confessions are often obtained after long periods of questioning by police. This can, at times, take weeks or months during which time the suspect is in detention and can be prevented from contacting a lawyer or family.[2] Thus, since the suspect is put through prolonged strain, stress and pressure, the reliability of such confessions can be questioned. To Japanese citizens and police, however, the arrest itself already creates the presumption of guilt which needs only to be verified via a confession.[2] The interrogation reports prepared by police and prosecutors and submitted to the trial courts often constitute the central evidence considered when weighing the guilt or innocence of the suspect.[3]" Not knowing the details, it becomes difficult to analyze fully and fairly. Still, if you get a request in writing, from a superior, which would exculpate you from possible negligence for allegedly improperly divulging information, if that's what he truly believed, that should have alleviated the issue. Instead, from the outside, at least, it seemed as if he was unreasonably steadfast in his stance, despite pleas from the mayor (pre-jailhouse visit). It was as though he thought his interpretation of policy superseded the authority of the people or office who/which set out the policy. As I recall the events, it was almost as though he became a prisoner of his own doing. Once he made a stance, it become very difficult for him to back down. As if saving face was a very important aspect of the ordeal. Of course, that's just my personal projection, perhaps. Four years and 1.5 million is too harsh, in my view. Yet, he did deserve some punishment for his actions. The old word in english for vocabulary/glossary was 'wordhoard'. The influence of Latin displaced its usage though. Another linguistic curiosity in English, is that, for some people, when there are two English words with equivalent meaning and one is originally English and the other originally Latin, some people will feel the Latin-derived word more weighty or of higher status than the English word. For example: It's eminently clear she does not desire it. vs. It's utterly clear she does not want it. Or expression: Pardon me? vs. What? I think if this worked like setting 'an alarm time' on iOS, it would work. I can't see how one would know where a dial's 'rotation' stopped; specially if the 'dials' always started from a random digit. Let's say your combo is 74798; one occasion the unlock shows 31920, next 88935, etc. but never opening the phone on a collision. So if it lands on 74798 (your current combo), it would not unlock the phone automatically. passpack already provides the ability to generate one-time passwords. Flickr has a pretty good solution to this. You can create public groups, private groups and invite-only groups. Yeah. I think when you see three corners of a 4-way intersection with gas stations it obviously involves zoning as mentioned and traffic volume enough to sustain the three service stations. Where you have lots of volume in multiple directions, there is enough to sustain multiple stations --they in turn eliminate U-turns and crossing traffic in multi-lane roads/highways. I don't often see consecutive stations on the same side of the highway/road --tho I do occasionally (19th ave in SF, for example). Anecdotally CalTRain ridership picks up at around $4.25/gal. more or less. So, it's possible they are on to something. Next car I get, I would like to get a hybrid --to insure [hedge] against future gas price increases, rather than a way to save now. Wouldn't the analog(ue) be framing? Just because one can frame people (on-line or IRL) doesn't mean the system is flawed. It just means there are people out there willing to have someone else be the fall-person as an end, or as a distraction to buy time in order to escape (or allow the trail of evidence to tail off/go cold.) I think he's saying that people can redefine a problem so that it's no longer their problem. Defining the problem out, rather than actually addressing it. In this case, instead of addressing (usability?) issues, the perceived problem, rather than being addressed head on, is redefined as being at the feet of the user, thus transferring responsibility and absolving oneself. (I.e "It works for me"!) I think that's what they were saying. Not necessarily. Whether or not that is a sincere claim, I think it's saying they are the antithesis of "by any means necessary", more like "we have a set of (conscientious) principles to guide us". The data retention portion of the bill: "`(h) Retention of Certain Records- A provider of an electronic communication service or remote computing service shall retain for a period of at least 18 months the temporarily assigned network addresses the service assigns to each account, unless that address is transmitted by radio communication (as defined in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934).'" EFF interpretation: "The data retention mandate in this bill would treat every Internet user like a criminal and threaten the online privacy and free speech rights of every American, as lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have recognized. Requiring Internet companies to redesign and reconfigure their systems to facilitate government surveillance of Americans' expressive activities is simply un-American." So they're wanting to mandate IP records from ISPs. How does that equate to treating people like criminals and threaten on-line privacy, etc. I thought the default notion was to treat the internet as if it was all out in the open for anyone to see and read. I actually sympathize with them, but this is very hyperbolic and ridicules the argument, to me. Also, factually incorrect as it would also affect foreigners living in America, irrespective of whether they are in fact, American. This reminds me of Gerrard Winstanley, a Digger, who said, quite eloquently, speaking of the Norman yoke: "Oh, thou City, thou hypocritical City ! Thou blindfold, drowsy England, that sleeps and snorts in the bed of covetousness, awake, awake ! The enemy is upon thy back, he is ready to scale the walls and enter possession, and wilt thou not look out? By, then, of course, it was too late. Here's how I feel about the events: ABNB reacted overly cautiously to the detriment of their customers and also themselves. They were utterly unprepared and made many missteps and outright blunders --naive, really. EJ described the harrowing experience. There was sympathy, and there was some disbelief, as well (unfortunately, there appeared to have been some strong-arming too). ABNB, eventually, after much public outrage and prodding, finally, after severe fall-out, came correct. There was reticence, it appears. EJ is now pinning the reaction to her statements, at least tangentially, on ABNB. She had me till that. And still has me on board for the stuff before that. However, one cannot publish something, at large, i.e. broadcast it, and think everyone is going to be sympathetic to you. It's naive. The only people one can fault are the respondents. I'm not saying she brought that onto herself. No. However, it's just part of the deal. It's like buying meat at the butcher's and not expecting it means there's a cow somewhere that will get slaughtered. It's part and parcel. The reaction to her posting has nothing to do with ABNB, directly. It cannot be pinned on the ABNB donkey. The reaction comes across as appealing to emotion. I think that horse has been beaten. I'm sympathetic. It's a very reasonable and persuasive argument. Unfortunately, it's one of those things one cannot control -short of censorship. The same thing happens with people's email transcripts. The same happens with politicians and open mics. Most of the time ill-conceved/or personal emails or rants or candid opinions to an open mic are not picked up and broadcast --sometimes, depending on context, opportunity and misfortune, they are -to lots of regret, embarrassment and perhaps, lawful correction. Occasionally, opportunity. Basically, to me, they seem inextricable. I cannot/am not able to see a way to separate them in an unmoderated open forum. My main point wasn't that she should have realized it's a broadcast medium. Rather, realize the medium is subject, by its public nature, to a spectrum of reactions. Some of those can be reactionary and unwelcome. It's part of discourse. Ok. Now it makes sense. I had the same question others had. I think you're saying if the money you earned from renting were divided by the visits to your listing, you'd end up with the number you posted. Question, are you breaking even (rent - sublet earnings)? Here's the source of the data: http://www.hitwise.com/us/press-center/press-releases/experi... Can you elaborate on the 'Western' qualifier, I think it's unwarranted? I imagine any big enough and sophisticated (organized) enough government would engage in some of this activity. Ah, ok. I recall a conversation with a SEAsian refugee who mentioned something like neighborhood committees and such where neighbors were organized to actively spy on such things which could be regarded as anti-state/anti-party. Was it the underground cell repeaters? Or the cell towers on BART property --for which they lease out the land to telecom providers? If it's the underground repeaters, that's their business. If it was the towers on Bart property but property of telecoms, then that's problematic -as it interrupts service to non-Bart users. So what "hacking" do Anonymous plan to do? I hope their only target is the website; for anything else would put commuter safety at risk. Except he wasn't detained. I think something like this would have a huge impact on the conviction rate in Japan where a significant amount is based in coerced confessions. See BBC article: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8290767.stm But this reminds me of the malleability of memory and also herd-like mentality. I think it was on Tv or somewhere where the experiment involved flooding a room with participants with fake smoke but confederates were set to deny it was smoke. The effect was that the fake smoke was ignored. Had it been a real fire, they'd all have perished. I have to agree with this. Looking at those statements side by side it's as if they were given an assignment with 8 key words to choose from and given 5 minutes to work up a sentence. I think, for me, procrastination has to do with projecting complication into things. So, if I want to cook something new, I imagine needing to find the perfect recipe with the perfect ingredients, for example. But, then, there are times when I just decide to do it even if I'm missing ingredients or have not come across a recipe which makes sense to me. Powering thru. I think for the video game tester, if I were them, I'd project difficulty onto it. Finding the bugs, etc. Feeling like I might not be up to finding anything interesting. It's a bit of a fear of failing, in a way, till I felt, "I'm up to the task now." Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. Drinking patterns are different in Southern Europe as contrasted with Northern Europe. Hence the chugging (binge drinking) in Sweden, England, Germany vs. the more leisurely wine and pastis in Italy, France, Portugal, etc. Not to say So. Euros don't engage in binge drinking --but on average less so. so even in Europe it's not the same --not to mention Russia. I think they're pointing to poor editing. Else fail. A kind of set up fear of failing, I guess. This is a repeat article of a business borne in Japan fueled by iPads and lack in home shelf-space in big cities. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2011/02/japanese-book-scannin... I think they scan new books, once they have one scan in inventory, they don't have to scan it again. When you send them your book, it's proof you owned one and they send you a PDF. That is, they don't scan all individual books --so if yours had margin notes, that would be lost, I believe. The capitalization was bizarre; the 'rant' seemed reasonable, actually. The UI, is apparently customizable. From the Team Blog: "We knew that using a ribbon for Explorer would likely be met with skepticism by a set of power-users (like me), but there are clear benefits in ways that the ribbon: -Exposes hidden features that they already use but which require third party add-ons to use in the Explorer UI today. -Provides keyboard shortcuts for every command in the ribbon, something many people have been asking for. -Provides UI customization with the quick access toolbar, taking us back to a customization level that is basically equivalent to Windows XP." I think his argument is more aligned with "responsible disclosure". Or it's the difference between knowing the ingredients to Coke vs. the recipe. There's also another New York yoghurt maker. Siggi's who makes Icelandic skyr. http://skyr.com/our_story.html I'm a skyr convert --tho you have to get used to its texture. It's about $2 per 5.3oz. There's already this app which works pretty well ( http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/caltrain-xpress/id309651502? ). What does your app improve upon? Just curious. Mildly sandy and sticky. After a week or so you get used to the new texture and then it's more about liking a flavor. Vanilla and Orange Ginger are the ones I prefer. When you listen to chinese songs, there are no tones. People still understand the songs. One cannot sing tones. Chinese and English are remarkable in how they address ideas. In Chinese, for the most part, there are only basic words -with little available in the way of synonyms for supplying nuance.' So you ask someone how do you say big. How do you say gigantic, how do you say long, how do you say capacious, etc. It's all "da" ”大“。 So when people come to me in English and say something like you know, capricious is not exactly the same as whimsical, I can say, that's only because you think it can't be. But it can be. It only is because we've integrated words from French, Latin, Scandinavian, etc. which give us the breadth of choice. But it's kind of artificial anyway and if you force yourself to think about basic meanings -there is little difference. (Law excluded). Financial "products" are regulated by the gov. That didn't seem to have the desired effect back in 2008. I don't think fraudsters care about regulation. They care that they can sucker people. Why wouldn't a 3D print operator have people/entity sign a legal document stating that placed order would not violate any federal laws and anything which resulted in violating federal law regulation would boomerang back to the entity placing the order? My point was that regulation and scrutiny didn't prevent the likes of a Bernie Madoff providing a financial product and running a ponzi scheme. In addition, the financial industry at large can legally provide all kinds of leveraged products which pass scrutiny and result in hefty bonuses (personal profit) but which can end with ruin for the individual and group investors because they are structurally unsustainable (i.e subprime lending had to come crashing). On top of that, the institutions which benefitted during the boom then turned around and asked the people to prop them up despite the questionable risks they took because the world could not afford to have them fail --we blinked. I see what you are saying. I think regulation helps and it provides a way for redress. Those are good byproducts of regulation. I think my point was that bad people will still try to pull fast ones -regulated or not. I imagine the frequency of fraud could be reduced by regulation. So, from that standpoint it might be better to have it on the up and up and supervised -but supervised with a very keen eye and a regulation with teeth, as it were. I think the consumer are the entities (Fujitsu, Coke, eBay, etc.) advertising on Google, not the people using Google (mom, sister, dad) for search. From that perspective, Google being the pre-eminent search provider (i.e, where the advertisers' customers search for a product or service) this becomes relevant. Basically, yes, an advertiser could only advertise on Yahoo! (but in the process lose quite a chunk of their potential customer base). It's fascinating to see musicians who can afford (socially) to dress neatly in spite of the assumption they'd dress in ripped jeans and T-shirt. On micros, if the load is CPU intensive, the vCPU gets throttled pretty quickly for sustained loads (say over 10 - 15 seconds) and your Steal Time CPU percentage goes up -the hypervisor will give someone else real CPU cycles before coming back to serve you. So, they are good for low traffic sites with bursty loads but not good for sustained traffic/loads. Key money is a kind of "tip" albeit a big tip -in the way of several month's worth or rent. It's separate form a deposit -which is also necessary. Foreigners can be asked for more key money than locals. Key money is negotiable --newer properties may not require key money, also vacant properties may forgo key money. Factually it's [someone] (has) died, of course. In reportage, the present tense is typically used for headlines no matter if present or past. I.e. "The Fed increases the overnight interbank rate by 25 basis points." "[Politician] wins senate race", etc. When I chat, occasionally, I'll þrow in a þorn, or, depending if it's voiced, ðen I'll use ðe eð [eth]. Most people just pretend it was an artifact in ðe session. Amazon already provides this service itself: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?field-keywords=filler... Sorry, try this instead: http://www.amazon.com/Shipping-Filler-items-under-shipping/l... Technically it would be their channel to control, just as Wal*Mart controls what inventory it carries (in music, for example). Free speech would not apply as it's not government --but PR would suffer if they did restrict content, I think. Still, I think if they decided to get into the business of gatekeeper, the gov (and the public) would want to investigate their actions --whether it would be legally actionable I have no idea. I think it would be foolish of them to go in that direction --it would be an opportunity for a smaller player to establish themselves as the non-paternalistic alternative. I always thought there was tic-toc collusion amongst Canon and Nikon --ie. Nikon ups the FPS, Canon ups the MP; Canon ups the FPS, Nikon ups MP or ISO, or something else. Or one has nice Lens aperture but the other one's lenses have less distortion, etc. These two companies seem to trade-off on features every other generation (tic-toc). I think they had a common history, some decades back. "Their friendly rivalry" speaks to this, in a way. http://search.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/nb20071226a7.html You win contests (with iphone photos) like Damon Winter did. http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/11/through-my-eye-not-... Connect with the subject (not necessarily emotionally) and portray things as you see them. Ie. it's not the tool that matters that much, it's the result/the content and how it speaks to us. These guys (a guy and a gal) will send it to you. http://wesendtoyou.com/ I think they will receive your Amazon package, for example, unpack‡, and repackage and relabel to your JP address. ‡I think that's to ensure nothing banned by the destination country gets sent (and get the shipper in trouble). Anyhow, buyer beware. Yes. Marry over-seas then apply for the visa at over-seas consulate --should take about 3-months or so. I know a handful of couples like that. It was pretty painless --so long as they married prior to coming to the US. So they were legally married overseas, then applied at overseas consulate and green card was granted --citizenship can be applied for a year after arrival, and (I'm under the impression) most have been granted citizenship within one to two years. No fuss, that I've heard of. Now, (you) working overseas (not in the US) as a non citizen can get tricky for US citizens --you have to be sponsored, of course, but in some countries, like Argentina, you (or employer most likely) would have to prove there was no local available to fulfill the job requirement. That can be a tough hurdle. Many countries have this asset requirement -New Zeeland, for example, Canada. It's nothing new or extra-ordinary. It's sort of insurance against draining the state in the event one were to become non-productive. As sovereign, countries can change their policies --as Western Europe did after WWII to attract a workforce to rebuild --and in the 70s once that workforce was no longer necessary. Every country has a carrying capacity --the limits can be economic, resource-bound, land-bound, political, etc. Why would the US be any different? The Statue of Liberty is a statue expressing an ideal albeit a bit troubling in that it assumes a world of poor huddled masses --but it's not a national policy. "What do you do with the money that comes out of people's paychecks for Social Security? Now, a lot of that money gets invested in –- you guessed it — Treasury bonds. If there are no Treasury bonds, what do you invest it in? Stocks?" So why couldn't we buy other sovereign debt --obviously stable/safe. It's not as though we're the only ones with debt or safe debt. I don't imagine Germany or Japan or France defaulting. The seamless transfer of sphere from sheet of paper to cup was pretty cool. I wish they had replaced the - operator since many error codes contain a minus and it's easier to type -2081 than "-2081". To add to that idea I think is that it obviates the need to remember and recall a website name for [later] retrieval, for example. Good question. Labeling. Sometimes I get odd errors from crashed applications which read error code "-538", for example. Looking for error code 538 can lead to the error I was looking for but also for other 538s not equal to "-538". I agree with JFB here. It's impossible to be completely objective. There is bias in everything --so it's a fool's errand to try and think one can achieve that. As many have stated, they have their biases, but they don't hide them. I have the utmost respect for them. They don't shy away form their mistakes and readily admit to them, unlike others who try to explain their mistakes away. But all those have recourse. They can sue the state and get restitution. So, yes, mistakes happen, but there is procedure to seek corrective action. There is a difference. The only way to not investigate innocent people would be to know in advance who's guilty. And if you knew who was guilty in advance why even have courts? It'd be for show. Anyhow, that's be asking for more than we are capable of as a civilization. It's understood innocent people will be accused and acquitted thru the system; if the state is proven wrong and you suffered from the process, there is recourse. You sue the state. How do you sue vigilantes who are by definition, outside the system? >One of the challenges is that no one knows yet if hermit crabs will live in man-made plastic shells. And if they will, what shell designs would make the best hermit crab homes. How come they don't print the kind of shells these crabs regularly scrounge up? I don't know about these crabs, but I imagine they have some favorite shell types they like to use. Ask a marine zoologist, no? For people who have the smarts, supportive family structure (have the ability and will help) and already know what they want to do, they can probably do well despite dropping out. For people who haven't figured things out or need the nurturing and or guidance and don't have anyone back home as safety-net dropping out is not going to help; I don't think. So, yeah, for super smart people institutional education might prove redundant, but for many, that's where they are going to learn how to interface with the economy with improved effectiveness, make connections and build relationships (network). So what happens where stores have underground parking or multi-level parking structures (where people seldom park on the topmost floor)? This story is a year old and also it's been commented on here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2124784 Pretty remarkable how accurate those predictions were --some were off, but the hit rate was pretty good. Man[kind] will see around the world... That English would establish its own grammar rather then try to foist Latin on it (such that one could not end a sentence with a preposition because it ran against Latin grammar but was natural in English). The rise of UPS and home delivery of goods... Good stuff. A team up of FB with Polar Rose would have been pretty spectacular. Isn't this at least arguably better than broadcasting a suspect's photo over the local news outlets --which is the current way of dealing with this information deficiency? It's not being used to convict people, it's used to identify a suspect who could end up being found guilty via normal procedure --but this does not bypass that procedure. I'd change it to disallow consecutive terms --yet as many terms so long as not consecutive That's pretty declarative. You seem pretty sure the situation in the States would be comparable to that in Russia --I think that's a very tenuous stretch. It happens in Russia because they have collusion. Presumably we would have less chance of that happening as other candidates would be free to join in on the political race. There is non-such in Putin's Russia. In Russia, candidacies are controlled (and those two had an "understanding"), so you end up with that. Anyhow, Russia is an exception. Why do you bother bringing up an exception as in this case it would appear irrelevant? What we do have is people who, due to name establishment (incumbency) recognition and or party backing, end up stringing together many terms --this alternative, would at least break that pattern up and give other candidates a chance due to stalled momentum (of the what would have been incumbent). It's seems an obvious difference to me. Great, so German's pay for the fiscal and political indiscretion of the Greeks. I guess they had little alternative as Greece was too big to fail -or, had they been allowed to default, The German people, via German bank investments in Greece,would have lost even more --seems they didn't learn much from our Wall Street banks and saddling die Volkes with the bag. Or do I have this wrong? I've been trying to follow this a bit.. Have you seen it happen where candidates are vetted by the state and only allow those it blesses? I don't see a parallel. I think you're reaching very very far. So how did they work this out, licensing-wise? AFAIK, MOSX is only allowed to run on Apple HW to be license compliant. Did they develop their own VM or are they using something like ESXi 5 for the virtualization on Apple HW? Thanks for that. It's a longish article but it goes on about how he feels frustrated by the political system, educational and health systems of the country and that he and Buffet believe they should be taxed more. Moreover it appears, that like Jobs thought, wealth, after certain point is redundant -and to them, it was a side effect of their pursuit of their interest. It seems despite Jobs' jabs at Gates, Gates is personally a quite normal guy, psychologically speaking -he's not the megalomaniac people kind of make him out to be sometimes. I can only hope this is over quick and does not become the medusa case that was the SCO case where you thought it was over but just kept coming back after many deathblows. Does this patent cover any gesture like patterns or circles too --or just the slider? If it's the slider only, then that's an easy hurdle to overcome. A bit pedantic, but there are a few African‡ startups wich have garnered attention from the Valley --most form South Africa though (Fundamo, Thawte, etc. A). Google has opened a tech incubator too. [ http://www.google.co.za/intl/en/umbono/index.html ] ‡Maybe you mean black Africans, but blacks are not the only Africans -there are south Asians, whites, Chinese, Arab, etc. It also says he turned conservative after that flirtation. But yeah, good read. If they bump the specs on the iMacs, those are good enough --specially taking into consideration Intel's new/upcoming processors. I know people who do FCP on iMacs. For expanded storage, you could look into iSCSI (not the best support on the mac) CIFS or NFS supporting subsystems like those from Synology. Not sure your thruput reqs, but in most cases one of those will suffice. YMMV. Either opportunistic or exploitive are appropriate -those words are not always negative, to me they also have a descriptive meaning. If they saw a trend and they took steps to fulfill the foreseen demand, it's all good. I'm sure people were happy WalMart had that in stock, rather than think 'this WalMart, they're using this hurricane in an underhanded way to sell me more poptarts'. Isn't it the case when you sympathise with someone one gives them the benefit of doubt --but when one dislikes someone one envisions the worst? 1. Imagine a good friend accused of something (ex. aggr. assault). 2. Imagine a good friend accuses someone of the same thing. If instead of Assange, the accused were a live Qaddafi, or, say the Dalai Lama, would we not see things a bit differently, in each case, due to bias? We just don't know. It's all conjecture at this point with he said, she said. I have to agree. I know it's meant to be playful and it pokes fun at the racial epithet. But, while I can't place why exactly, it just grates my ears§. One more thing. The color choices on the website seem to clash (blue, lighter blue and lime green plus black). I like the idea behind the product. I can see at least trying it out. § (dry-)erase-sheet, white-sheet, (dry-)erase-plane, plain-erase. Well, unless this was done by someone posing as Anonymous. The hostage returned with a message claiming that the kidnappers said any exposure of information resulting in the outing of a gangster would result in the demise of Anonymous 10-fold. I.e. why would Anonymous tell themselves to shut up in such a convoluted way? Agree. I know it says that you can't do anything with the data, since necessary information isn't available. But... even if its random, it is known that it is a password. So, it's feasible to build a table of known passwords, at least. I'm just theorizing. But let's say the site gets compromised for a few days/weeks and they don't find out. I like positively middle class factory produced Global knives. That said, to me, this movement is just an extension of the "Home Depot"/DIY effect --nothing more. It's not egotistical whites or egotistical Japanese who make hand-crafted goods only because they can afford to. It's people who enjoy craft for the sake of craft, rather than a show of superiority. I think they mean it's wasteful in the way having a chauffer is wasteful. (I don't agree with that contention). "Look, I have the time and money to learn a dying, inefficient art whilst you order yours thru Amazon --like everyone else. This makes me a little special." That's good to know, thanks! They really do hold their sharpness. Why are the two curves plotted at different x-axis values? One would hope the batteries (or the station) would know how much energy is stored in each battery --maybe offering a discount (credit) on the subscription if the battery is below certain energy threshold. 10% discount on a battery with 80% energy store of a new one, for example. Couldn't you say one is a known entity and one is an unknown. So Bill Nguyen vs. Make up a Name. All things being equal, who do you favor, someone for whom you know some history or someone for whom you have no history? Kpcb has historic cachet. If a venture succeeds, it's a story, if it fails it's also a story. If an unknown succeeds it's a small story‡ --if it fails it's an even smaller story (for a blog to write about). ‡Smaller b/c there's less confidence in an unknown, I think. Like an entrenched sports team with a winning history vs an upstart. Who has the fanbase (audience)? Do you think ownership was a 20th century anomaly, then? Prior to the 20th century, ownership of most real property was owned by the landed classes. And personal property was not that great for most people. Let's assume this is a viable method. Is this method scalable? It took concerted effort by many financial institutions and gov'ts in order to pull that off. And that was probably helped by the strong motivation afforded by their anti-cause. I don't see similar herculean efforts to deal with ordinary piracy, unless a framework were set-up. Would a society benefit from such a pan-national behemoth (assuming it would necessitate one)? If food is relatively cheap in the US (>7% of income) why are we so poor† at making sure everyone is fed to a certain modicum? † http://www.worldhunger.org/articles/Learn/us_hunger_facts.ht... I understand that there are people who make poor decisions. Nutrition, however, since it's so relatively cheap and one of the most basic needs, I think should have a safety net even for those who, thru their own fault, lack access to such. I know there are food programmes and soup kitchens --but those suffer from poor funding. I mean, I feel that we should make sure everyone has access to balanced nutrition (not talking gourmet --just good nutrition) regardless of why they might not be able to afford it themselves. Who said it was dying? The other article only said there was some apparent fading interest after some noticeable spikes. It didn't say it was dying. This article is a non-sequitour to the other one. A: "It looks like the clouds are gathering and it's going to rain". B: "The sky is not falling". You're right in that there has been a boon in articles about its health. However, this article was specifically addressing the article which cited HitWise data. I thought it was diversionary. How is that not common sense? If someone's dad had a company, it would be very strange if at least one of their offspring didn't join the entreprise at some point. I don't think most companies formed by the 1% are public, so it's more or less logical someone in the family would be groomed to run part of it or take over. Look at Asia where lots and lots of family run business are run this way too. It's more or less "normal". Also, to build on that. There was a time I did some grading of short essays. When I first started doing that I read through all the stuff very attentively and tried understanding everything. As time went on I later was able to get a good feel for quality and could tell if something was going to be good or not pretty efficiently. It may seem unfair, but really, over time you acquire a pretty good filter. There are probably similarities with reading through resumes. You become familiar with gauging a resume reasonably well with a few seconds or minutes of reading through them --after you've read through enough of them. It's repetition and pattern recognition, in a way. I think the failure is speculated to be caused by buggy reverse-engineered railway control systems --so not a problem with the system, but rather the implementation. Are they trying to avoid having the windows broken (to find nothing) or avoid having their tools stolen (deception -they tools are actually there)? Maybe the solution is to just leave the windows down/doors unlocked? Not sure what to do about rainy days. I imagine they have a mechanism to detect abuse? I.e. a $100 transaction broken into ten $10 transactions to avoid the fee. >>“Even though your light might be green, it may recommend you not go because there are people behaving badly that you may not be aware of,” said Jonathan How, an aeronautics and astronautics professor who co-created the algorithm." There is the possibility that this could result in more red-light running instances, if runners begin to presume there is this collision warning system. Whereas before they were "taking chances", now it'd become less "chancy". The central and northern countries which crank out the goods are in neutral and so perhaps they aren's spending as much on their vacations down south. Greece specially, accounting for 15% of GDP, is in a hole. Maybe the southern countries are less competitive vs. the central and northern Eurozone economies, this exacerbated by the Euro making Germany's exchange rate to the Euro weak while Greece's exchange rate to the Euro strong, relatively speaking. They have structural problems. They have to learn to compete on the global marketplace -not just with sandy beaches. --which is why Delis‡ traditionally give you a numbered tag. It's a single line, but you can go about and not feel "constricted" to the queue (tail). Don't forget, Frys also has a "semaphore" who cues people to the next register. ‡among many places like hospitals, information centers (DMVs), etc. Where are the isles of man, guernsey and jersey in that list of constituent "coutries"? That is, where do they fit within the kingdom? If one believes in a cause very strongly, then, when the time comes when one must stand for it or fold --for whatever reason, then taking the consequences, whatever their basis, is the natural course. It's how the status quo is changed. It's not frequent that one can effect major change without some personal cost. I think if one is looks into these kinds of disruptions and one believes in them one has to not be naive and think that disruption will have little personal consequence. One can't have one's cake and eat it too, is more of less apt for this. I'm not saying doing what he did is right or wrong --that's another debate. Belief in the righteousness of one's cause demands one put one's self aside, unselfishly and without self-promotion. One is only a vessel for the idea, at that point, rather than the raison d'estre. Maybe he was willing to allow some self-sacrifice? So instead of state agents being outed, or secrets being revealed as Assange would sacrifice for his beliefs, Gupta would allow some self sacrifice for his beliefs. For me the main take-away was the need for a more refined OWS mission. One focused on solutions rather than one focused on venting frustration and fomenting division. After the incident involving Arrington, it'd be surprised if PG had not thought about the issue in that context and had reached some conclusion at that point --even if that conclusion was simply an affirmation of his experience and what amounts to his anecdotal evidence in the applicant pool. I think there is a difference. In German States, some states stipulate business hours†. In the US (and most other places) it's up to the businesses to decide their business hours. Regarding the "supposed" part. I don't know exactly but I don't think there was some coordination or agreement between nations on who would do what. † http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shopping_hours#Germany How do they differentiate critical communication which should get thru? How would this work at a place like Amazon, for example? Even with 24hr staffing, there are some instances when the right person(s) are needed. Letting only messages marked as critical thru could lead to most off-hour massages categorized as important. I can see this working in some industries, but not all. Yes, actually the finance minister himself, Jun Azumi, said that "Japan had reached its limit in relying on debt and said he was aware the global community was watching him in light of the serious debt woes in Europe." Moreover Debt-servicing is 21.9 trillion yen, a quarter of the planned budget of 90.3 trillion -a mind bending 51% of estimated tax revenue to service debt. A full 49% of the budget will be financed by bonds. So only half the budget will be financed by taxes! He means that instead of consuming name-brand goods, they increasingly look to knock-offs or non-premium brands (instead of French and Italian, maybe Uniqlo or low-rent brands). It's not only in the consumer goods sector either. Japanese are now buying more produce from China --which tend to be cheaper. Now, it all depends, some of this choice could increase living standards (more PP) or it could decrease them (subpar goods). Yeah, this Fingleton guy, he seems to like being an antagonist. Whereas even Japanese manufacturers themselves fear a "hollowing out" of Japanese manufacturing, due in part to decreasing domestic demand and also Yen valuation[1], he says there is little to fear and presents some trade numbers to support his assertion. [1] http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/Money/Story/STIStor... "'The yen's historic rise, coupled with catch-ups by emerging nations, has caused a crisis of unprecedented industrial hollowing-out,' Yoshihiko Noda told lawmakers in his first major policy speech." and http://academic.csuohio.edu/makelaa/history/courses/his373/N... "A survey last summer for the financial newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun found that half of Japan's largest companies planned to increase production overseas — and 71 percent of those planned to do it in China. At the same time, in a second poll, 65 percent of people surveyed believed that imports from China threatened the Japanese economy." I think that makes sense. It'd be kind of like saying broad market indexes (averages) don't matter, for only individual stocks' have effect on stockholders' capital -ignoring indexed funds. "In a down market," for example, "the index's direction doesn't matter if you have the right stock which is going up". >I find Wikipedia to be an assortment of western media biases. That you find that I won't contest. I'd point out that one might also see local biases in non-western language wikipedia articles. So to me, that point is kind of tangential. I'd rather say that everything has some inherent bias, rather than couching it as wikipedia having an especially (western) bias, as if other sources could be bias-free. The PD in question also bars people who fall below a given test result threshold. They seem to seek a "sweetspot" where they're smart enough to be valuable additions to the force and not be easily outsmarted by a average people but not so smart they grow bored and quit thus costing the dept time and money. >This is similar to the right of free press, which belongs only to those who own one. Didn't it also speak to being able to hire a press (i.e. get someone to run a print for you) to avoid something like "thou shalt not print any materials concerning x, y or z on behalf of a, b or c." I'm curious about one thing. If it's a human right in France, it would appear to be an alienable right, given some conditions, such as the "three strikes" (HADOPI) law[1], which seeks to address copyright infringement, allows for suspension of internet access for violations. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HADOPI_law I found his moral section on security interesting: "...The acts performed by these kids are vandalism at best and probably trespass and theft at worst. It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution." and "I have watched kids testifying before Congress. It is clear that they are completely unaware of the seriousness of their acts. There is obviously a cultural gap. The act of breaking into a computer system has to have the same social stigma as breaking into a neighbor's house." So while interested in trusted code and security, he was also interested in criminal penalties for unauthorized access to computer systems. Of course, it's an unstoppable force and the metaphor with the real world is tenuous --it's just an interesting take. The digital realm does introduce remoteness[1] too though -and there isn't the possibility of immediate repercussions (as one can find in the physical world). Additionally, the number of people who trespass digital properties are very few, relatively speaking and could be compared to scofflaws, drunk drivers, etc. but, and this is the big but, their impact is asymmetrical. They can have an effect on large numbers of people. Despite that, I do agree that culture can be changed in a generation. [1] It's impersonal and removed. During the age of conquest Spain was able to extract natural resources (such as minerals), but for the most part, Britain, Portugal, France benefitted from the trade with their colonists --not trade with new world peoples. I think it could be argued that this reliance on natural resources by Spain, contrasted with commerce favored by Britain, for example, resulted in the slow decline of imperial power by Spain. I think by the 1800s, Spain had pretty much ceased to be economically relevant vis-a-vis the more commerce oriented Empires of the time. A crude analogy would be China selling to their diaspora outside China proper. >Men have spent centuries using this kind of argument to deny women equal rights in all sorts of fields. Over the last century we've seen tons of evidence that this isn't true elsewhere, so why should it be true in software? True. But are underrepresented groups being actively denied access as was the case in the example above? Apple and oranges. Not saying there isn't a problem, just saying it's a different problem. I think in this case more passive cultural than active cultural problem. There are imbalances everywhere. Line cooks. Where are the women line cooks? Photography. Where are the women in professional photography -how many women street photographers do we know, other than Vivian Maier? Where are the straight people in fashion? I think, at least in some cases, there is self selection going on. Different airports have different pluralities of ethnicities doing lots of the service work. SFO is different from JFK is different from BOS, in that regard. I agree with you. Not sure about the "unnatural" qualifier though. That presumes an active agent present. What can be done. I think that's difficult. It has to be something pervasive, insidious in the culture. Via TV, internet, radio, entertainment, education, propagated by not only peers but all via all media. Everywhere. There needs to cease the archetyping of human roles. Something on that scale could happen, but it would take a generation or two. Kind of like the deprogramming of National socialism in Germany, or deprogramming of Religion in (soviet) Russia. 100% success isn't necessary, just enough to overcome the momentum or steady state. Very vast, very pervasive with both incentives and punishment. Piecemeal I don't think would result in fast enough turn-around in attitude. To me the problem is cultural. It's not men or women, it's the whole body of the culture which results in the skewed numbers. As much as writing a novel is just writing sentences with correct syntax. And Mexican is the demonym for people from... The United States of Mexico. Likewise, a New Yorker can be someone from the state of New York, or someone from the City of New York. Besides. Geologically/geographically there isn't one huge American Continent. There are two land masses. The North American continent in which North Americans live and the South American continent where South Americans live. In that respect it's like the Eurasian continent. No one from the European and Asian continents call themselves Eurasian. There is a term 'Eurasian' but that's for people of mixed heritage. Basically, the parent poster is tilting at windmills. Speeding isn't a criminal offense. It's an infraction of the vehicle code. Yeah, MUNI(cipal railways) of SF, which uses a kind of honor system for buses and above ground LRVs, have a fare evasion rate of 15 to 30%, based on MTA estimates. http://missionlocal.org/2009/08/muni-fare-beaters-slapped-wi... Local activists typically lobby against enforcement as they interpret it as targeting a vulnerable population. On the other hand, MUNI is running a deficit. But if you consider the honor box a suggested donation box, is that a business, still? The sales tax is likely included in the dollar amount. Like when you are quoted 3.99/gallon of fuel. That price includes a number of taxes built in. We (well, specifically, I) don't know if DC requires permits for re-selling food-stuff. We do not know if he is on the level, were they to require such. It probably depends on how much revenue is produced by each location. Just as sidewalk Lemonade stands don't require permits, in most locales. Anyhow, all that is speculative, unless you have facts. Ethics. I think you are getting into relative ethics. If someone else goes against ethics, does it grant me a waiver to act unethically? >OP's 'minimalism' is sustained by a reliance upon huge amounts of infrastructure, most of it environmentally unsustainable. That's true. On the other hand it's there. All that infrastructure wasn't installed for his use exclusively. So, yes, I agree he's just moving the ownership from personal to distributed corporate/community. It's somewhat comparable to playing lose with accounting rules and moving money into off-shore banks. But, even homeless people utilize what is out there for them to use -like shopping carts, fast food restaurants, etc. I'ts not as though they become wilderness foragers. >OP outsources the burden of sustaining his lifestyle to people poorer and browner than himself. That's a bit of unnecessary inflammatory dressing. He (or someone else) could have easily done the same thing in China, or Finland or South Korea or Greece. Or, similarly, someone brown could have done similar. Not all browns over the world are destitute, as one might portray. This is off-topic, but, if as a society the goal were to put less stress on resources there are two alternatives: either individually consume less or, have fewer consumers. Neither alternative seems compatible with the prevalent economic model --see Japan's stagnation in a nation which is neither growing its population and where the current population has decreased its 'consumerism'. Still, ZPG or near ZPG seems to be in disfavor as a way to ease pressure on resources. With regard to the OP. it would seem, at least marginally, relying on the machine rather than on personal ownership is more resource efficient. And, yes, as others pointed out, minimalism, is a pretty malleable term. The captions under the numbers on the graphic in the PDF are way too small. Even zoomed in 800% they're barely readable. I just wonder why they didn't say it was made up -a joke with no basis in reality. Just some poetic license. Would that be worse than admitting/pretending they actually saw a file called cat.jpg? If there was such a file, it could have been a JPG for catalog of some kind, etc. I think they are responding to people's first expectations and that there was actually a file with the image of a cat. I doubt it and think it was just an attempt at being funny which backfired and they felt they had to take responsibility for the perceived breach of trust and that any other explanation, even if truthful would have been seen as a weak excuse. Not necessarily. There are long term trends, cyclical trends, write-offs, etc. I don't see how one can look at a single indicator, profits, and then have insight into detail. It's a rather tenuous assertion. I know what you are saying, but I think this is the line of thought content owners realize too. I think it's because of that facility that they are seeking more effective methods of mitigating the proliferation non-authorized distribution of copyrighted material. Many people are arguing the same thing. Access to unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material is trivial. Their methods at controlling the floodgates are ineffective. They quite realize that and that's why they're attempting to have congress pass a blunt tool. They want to have a control mechanism which is as easy for them to use as it is for people to find illegal content. I don't thin they're going to get it, but I believe that's the motivation behind their efforts. They want some symmetry. I think that's not an accurate characterization of the Hollywood entertainment industry. Unless I'm misunderstanding you, I don't agree that they're not about movies. They are about movies and TV-shows. If if were not of the existence of those, then there would be no need, in their eyes, for distribution control. What would they be controlling, an idea factory? If they were only channel and no content, they'd have nothing of value to safeguard. Their reason to exist would cease to be. If Hollywood were _only_ distribution channel, they would have long been disrupted and rendered irrelevant. Their distribution _is_ actively being disrupted by the likes of Apple, Amazon and Netflix --but not the product, so much. They are slowly accepting that they have to acknowledge this new distribution type. On the other hand, Netflix is beginning to create original content --that's not going through the old Hollywood channels, so that's a start to the content production disruption. We'll have to see how that unfurls. In addition, I don't agree with the "mass-produced" qualifier. Each production is not mass produced or stamped out. Each movie (of which there may be ~500/year, and TV episode are unique productions. The qualifier mass-produced brings me visions of millions of identical, easily reproduced productions -I think the attrition rate of new shows and movie flops attest to the difficulty in producing viable content. If you meant they were destined for mass-consumption, then yes. But that's altogether different. >Destroying Hollywood would not destroy ability for entertainers to entertain. If anything it would probably increase the ability for an entertainer to entertain. How does that follow? No one needs to follow Hollywood as it is. Anyone can create and post their product on their personal site or Youtube etc. What Hollywood gives artists is a great vehicle. No one needs to use that vehicle. People are free to act in local productions, etc. Besides, I think there are at least two kinds of artists, ones who do it for the joy/love and others who do it for fame/recognition. The latter would likely feel out of place in new environment where they were not widely known. I admit, that's my impression, and not based on any study or such. It feels almost as if people would wish that artists/actors, etc. would return to a time of travelling acts like vaudeville shows. Those people barely made ends meet. A modern, technologically enhanced version of this, but still. >It's not up to PG, me, Ben Parr or anyone else to decide what is best for the people, it is up to the people decide what is best for them. Any projected funded by YC will only succeed to the degree that it provides a better experience to consumers. This I agree with. I think what they try to avoid is anthropomorphization. It's not a good idea to make assumptions that assume human-like characteristics -else we end up with cartoons. It's not to say that animals are incapable, but such assumptions cannot be made without the insight being held suspect. How is that any different from a private citizen saying, "Those who count on the elderly for support need to understand we'll be watching very carefully who's going to stand up for MedicAid when their jobs are at stake"? Bribery is, "Hey congressperson, I've got twenty thousand dollars that are yours if you change ordinance code to allow alcohol to be served at local gas stations." Usually the FBI is very keen to find corrupt politicians, so if there is a whiff, and for all we know, there might be in this case, but we don't know yet, they'll pursue it. Here's a partial list: http://www.topix.com/forum/world/russia/TTEIUECQCP1EGDHCL It's not always clear-cut, but my understanding is that there needs to be an implication of a promise of direct action as a result of exchange of goods, money, services, etc. In India they do it with technology. Far form proven but they might get better at this. A case. http://www.technovelgy.com/ct/Science-Fiction-News.asp?NewsN... The tech. http://www.forensic-centre.com/assessments/brainwave-profili... It depends. Attorneys and lawyers can and do take cases representing opposing sides all the time (from one case to the next). It's pretty much a requirement they be able to represent their employer (without personal bias, etc.) It's what allows them to defend indefensible people like, say, murderers --it's not that the lawyer believes in murder, but they are paid by someone to represent the murderer, for example. So, unless we think they are acting as moles in the DoJ, I don't see much issue with it, unless they have a conflict of interest such as being an investor in the industry or the like. >I'm wondering what the legal ramifications might be if you set a secondary key that would wipe the drive Destruction of evidence. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoliation_of_evidence That's an interesting link. The email subjectline keywords are intersting. Almost all are commerce related: travel, save, prices, markdowns, store, itunes, department, etc. As if personal email is small minority of their email traffic. >You can sue the accountant (he had a duty to you) That's how I see it. They're probably under better legal standing suing MU over gross fiduciary misconduct, etc. I left in 2006 for two years. As a foreigner in East Asia, it felt freer in some ways. But I think that was a combination of one, perception and two, getting breaks as a foreigner. Foreigners are given slack because they aren't expected to know the small details of whats accepted and not. They expect we know the big goods and bads but not the small ones. And then there was perception --just not being aware of what was allowed and not. I do recall people telling me that mocking the president was not allowed. Anyhow, I'm back and I feel ok. It could be better, idealistically, I suppose, but it's not as bad as it would seem, vis a vis other places. >Find people around you app. This might be true in NAm. In other parts of the earth, it might be different. There are different cultural barriers and different things which are considered "normal" for meeting new people. I'm sure "dating" sites are working on ways to integrate this feature into their offering. Or, let's say, find 5 other people around me who want to play some 3 on 3 basketball, or a squash partner, whatever. >Coupon / Daily deals Again, true in the US market. Other markets might be ripe for a newcomer. For example, a team in SAfrica could develop something to fit the local market. >Online Dating Sites. Sites, yes. But there's still room for innovation. It's far from perfect. >Book Exchanges for colleges True. Will there be any physical books in the long run anyway? >Apps that create Apps Ok. Since Domino/Notes was one of the first enterprise apps supporting strong encryption --except for pre-2000 export restrictions, I wonder what internal email systems are the most frequently compromised when we see these leaks. I'm I getting this right? He's basically disappointed SV is attacking this problem with the methods they understand best? I don't see how one woud expect SV-type startups to adress maths education without leveraging their strength --which is in computing. I would expect experts in education to use other more pedagogical approaches. It's like going on about a carpenter who wants to approach a problem with wood in mind. I think they could simplify it. Everyone who pays for fare gets: 200lb‡ allotment (person + luggage) If person only (no luggage) they are assumed to come under the 200lb limit, even if they don't -as this will average out with others weighing less. People with luggage are weighed and any overage is paid for at the counter. ‡ 200 assumes that men might weigh on ave 180-ish, women 150-ish. Here's where women make back what they pay in haircuts. Not necessarily. If it's a portable device, they may be able to take it home (practically the default, if you're issued a laptop). Employer at that point (in the home) cannot prevent you from visiting any such site as you're doing it on your time. I suppose they could have a clause preventing you from visiting FB (or any other site) at any time from a work-provided device, but that's unlikely. On my first pass I read the title as "Kim Jung UnDead?" Zombie Kim? One of the main issues to me is that these things keep getting imagined in a vacuum, a place where logic reigns and technology as as perfect as its imagined. For example this: >Neighborhoods will be designed differently and all City planning departments will have to rethink their jobs. This is not much different than today. But, at the same time, you could imagine that sentence to imply vast change. (remind me of the cold reading article the other day) And: >One thing I’m not saying is that we will have 2 billion more people unemployed. Rather we will be forced to rethink the whole process of job creation, and we will need to do that very quickly. How is it that this will be true in 2030 but ALSO happen very quickly? And: >Working closely with the inventor community, I’ve had the unusual opportunity to see breakthrough technologies at the formative stages, and there are several around the edges that are now reaching the boiling point. I mean, it's great to have enthusiasm, but c'mon. We've heard these things over and over --something could finally work out, but the odds are against those techs being the silver bullet in Coal/Petroleum/Nuclear. Lead bullets, yes. But those take many decades. I mean, optimism is great, but I think he's gone overboard and kind of forgot a bit of skepticsm. Here's a mid-rise made from shipping containers: http://www.citycenterlofts.net/ And homes: http://zerocabin.com/ Pretty impressive, given the basic template they're made from. Juniper Networks seems to agree to some extent on that claim: http://www.juniper.net/us/en/security/ They cite lax submission process, lack of code signing, and review process. Sure it's a bit-self serving, but I don't imagine they're that far off in their assessment. >Looks like you'd still need a fair bit of structural steel to support that citycenterlofts building That's likely, to conform to building code. Still, they stack those things full of goods 7-8 high on shipping vessels. The copy reads: "Let your users upload photos in your app from any of their favorite photo services..." Should that be _into_ your app? If they're already in the app, what's the need for uploading? One noticeable thing, tho not jarring, is how the window panels have vanishing points but the bars (cross) do not. Something interesting to me is how the Windows 1 logo looks like the old ethernet 10base2 icon. A bit ahead of its time, in that sense --I don't think windows 1 was networkable. > If you're fat or skinny, beautiful or ugly, rich or poor, you're going to get shit on, berated, harassed, and so on, at some time or another. I think it's just about disagreement and in order to empower themselves the attackers vilified and demonized the developer. It's not so different from the way people will vilify (rightly or wrongly) an entity like the RIAA or a country such as Libya or a profession such as law, or a person such as any ex-president. It's easier to disagree with someone who's been vilified beyond recognition, rather than have a discussion on the factual data. I think this is what's happened here. The humanity of this person was removed and reduced to repugnant caricature which made it easier to pile on the fun. Yes, people do this every day. It's not right, but it's human nature. Still, that's not a reason to ignore the issue. It's probably related to or one of the reasons why women avoid tech. Those who pursue it have to be so steadfast that they can survive all the sexism and ridicule. The closest men come to this is straight male on straight male sexual harassment. http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/01/12/abuse-of-po... Saying that the suspended accounts were "unfavorable to Sarkozy" and that's the reason for suspension is stretching the truth --it politicizes something. Claiming it's Censorship (gov't) rather than censorship (non-gov'tal) appears to be untrue. I don't see where it was the French gov't which came down on Twitter. Twitter seems to have a policy against impersonation. They make a call and that's about it. If you were to impersonate my Twitter account, I doubtt Twitter would care. If you were impersonate someone of notoriety (where lots of people could be influenced on misinformation) they probably would take action. That would seem very reasonable to me.