>...get ahead of the game and just start paying your subscription fees already Sorry but I am staying behind and happy like a clam as I save tons of money. Those subscriptions are like a death by the thousand cuts. So maybe it is profitable for those big corps but I do not give rats ... about their profits. I care about mine ;) That is exactly why I use Delphi when doing GUI apps on Windows. Single GUI framework that works like a charm for more then 20 years. It is very unfashionable to say mildly but it is the fastest tool to get things done for Windows GUI apps. I actually tried most and ended up with Delphi as ticking most checkboxes in my big list list. Granted I am an ISV and could care less about what other think about popularity of the tools I choose. Always pick what suits me. As for finding developers: that does not seem to be a a problem if one knows how/where to look. LOL. I never really strayed from this one on Windows. Everything else came with big limitations on what one can do. "Step out of your Silicon Valley bubble" ... I have Business Fiber Internet package from Bell in my house in Toronto. Residential area far from city core with an old houses, definitely not a Silicon Valley. 1000 up and down. It costs me $80 Canadian pesos. Not bad. I do not consume books. I read them I've never understood the so called advantages of dynamic typing. To me it looks like a land mine in one's project waiting to blow at run time. And what for? Do developers code so fast that the time spent on typing something like "int i" will provide any real savings? Now vendors are trying to patch those with bolted on top syntax extensions/derived languages that need to be transpiled. What a mess. This logic transpiles(TM) to this in my brain: a) I am messing around and need to write 10 lines of code. Can I write it fast and without thinking? Sure and not needing to type int/float/whatever will save me couple of seconds. If I iterate and rewrite that short piece 10 times then I just saved 20 seconds. Chirp chirp ... . Do I need special language for just that? Lemme guess ... b) I am messing around and need to write few hundred or thousands lines of code. Can I write it fast? Maybe but it is likely that good chunk of time will be spent thinking. I doubt that at this point not declaring type will save anything worth noticing. But that of course is my opinion Depending on library used it can actually be the same amount of lines. The lines are a bit longer of course. Example auto obj = JSON(text); int age = obj.["persons"][3]["age"]; It is not in my opinion. With modern development tools/frameworks providing memory leaks detection I have completely forgotten when was the last time that my programs leaked memory. And I write complex high performance game servers that run for months non stop. You just have to acquire certain culture/behavior when writing code. I did not have time to really look at it but if at some point they will accomplish everything in their roadmap it will be one heck of a development tool. Love it. for c/c++ I use Visual Leak Detector and Valgrind. For Delphi/FreePascal/Lazarus there are built-in tools and also MadExcept . Behavior/patterns are different depending on task/language but generally when writing code if I want to allocate anything I first write deallocation code. Oh sweet memories I have created almost identical implementation of this as an embeddable library in a year 2000 along with proprietary SQL language. The reason was that my client had inventory of products with some crazy amount of attributes and each product can have its own set and the client kept changing, creating, deleting those. It was in memory but with persistence and atomic transactions. No history though. It was blindingly fast on complex queries. And the schema of the database was kept as a set of entities with some predefined names, values and range of id's . For a while I was contemplating releasing it as a standalone product but as I had enough tasks on my plate decided not to do it. Kinda feel sorry now ;( So all in all very close by idea. Couple of times I saw programs written in Russian versions of Basic and some other, forgot which one. Never mind programming even trying to understand it blew my brains out. Russian being my native language I could never imagine writing software in it. I also have the same feelings about the songs as you just described. So all in all completely agree with you. "...Scientists writing open-source software often lack formal training in software engineering, which means that they might never have learnt best practices for code documentation and testing..." This is the most ridiculous statement. I had chance to work in either environment. Having that experience for the quality of the end result I will take scientist (preferably physicist or mathematician) with self taught software development skills over formally trained agile guru any time. Of course there are exceptions but ... I was talking about scientists who switched from science to writing software as a product for whatever reason. They surely produce good docs (properly documenting their work is the very basis of being scientist). As for writing imperative code in C/C++/Whatever other language they seem to choose: nothing is wrong with that. Again, from my experience university educated scientists are better educated and as a result could better understand the actual problems needed to be solved and find very good and practical ways to accomplish it. As for what goes for "formal training" in modern colleges. Well I better not go there. "...It's talking about scientists that did NOT switch to writing software as a product, but as merely a way to accomplish their primary scientific goals. ..." Sure, for this they would do what is just enough to solve their specific problem. Just as ANY sound business would do. Imperative programming and components are 2 different things. The latter could be implemented with numerous approaches including imperative programming Exactly my thoughts. "Agile is not science-based, it is an ad hoc bag of techniques that seem to have merit" Each participant of "Agile" development should have this hung on their work place. It is even cooler when one considers how much those eGPU enclosures cost, never mind lack of nVidia support on those. So you say that as long as you kill foreigners it is ok comparatively to state killing their own? "So how come we got this smartphone crap, instead of actual portable computers that could, among other things, work as cellphones" I think because they care about milking users, not about them being creative. I myself is very disappointed about what smartphone could've been for people and what it actually is. It is an unsavory set of questions that has no bearing on practical work, also implementation dependent. The answer is: No, I do not know C or any other language for that matter. I know some implementations of various languages just enough to write sound and readable code. And as I forced to use a bit more languages than I like I rely on local/Internet search to keep my brains concentrated on accomplishing the actual task rather then effing them up trying to figure out some esoteric constructs. Not to worry. Dev community will quickly release new and shiny interpreter of interpreter. That'll take care of performance gains ;) While I do not care about / immune to FB, Twitter, etc etc, I liked the first comment I saw on that page: "I really don’t need Woz or anyone else telling me what I need to do!" I might be naive but I do admire what he did to save his employees held hostage in Iran. Why should not they mix ? I now mostly work on high level code (C++, Python, Delphi/FreePascal/Javascript/etc ). But every once in a while fun project comes in. For example I had no problem creating 4 quadrant torque driven 3 phase AC motor controller using AT90USB1286 microcontroller from Atmel. Granted I did not use assembly for programming as plain C was good enough. Or police light flashing pattern controller on PIC32MX795. Fun fun fun ;) Ok. At some point in the future the browser/wasm will have won. So instead of Linux/Windows/OSX we will have Firefox/Safari/Chrome/Whatever all with their own implementation gotchas, missing features and performance loss. All for the sake of browser vendors trying to displace the existing native deployment platforms. They sure have nice financial incentive. Why do we - developers fall into this trap? We've been there quite a few times already, with cross platform standards. No matter what vendors will fsck'em up with proprietary things. I am partially an ISV and we provide pure native application for Windows at the moment. No UWP/.NET/APP_STORE/WHATEVER . It is digitally signed and distributed by downloading from our web site. So far no problem. Since we've been in business a number of years there are no any browser/OS/Antivirus level warning boxed during downloading and installation. There is no free lunch in this universe. For big applications like CAD there will be nothing "instant" for in case of deployment as web apps. Downloading native packed archive and running install may actually be faster. Yeah, right. Compilers do not deal with the difference in presence / absence and different implementations of various features on different platforms, be it native OS or Browser OS. "...Last but not least, web developers are the biggest pool to hire from..." For boiler plate business web apps sure. And while those are probably being prevalent the world does not stop there. "yes, this is way forward." - I don't think so I am not sure about "most people" but I use fair number of applications (not including software development tools here as they do not pass"most people" criteria ) and none of those are streamed. Every time I try anything web based, online Tetris excepted ;) it sucks one or the other way "Companies are running webapps on embedded devices now" - sure my router and some of my own private hardware have web interfaces. It is however just a tiny bit of their functionality. The rest leaves happily as native code. I think the way forward is to stop worry too much. Like you really gonna be worrying running "flight simulator". I think it is a FUD designed mostly to support big and cloudy providers. Those are the real entities one should worry about. They spy 24x7 . Why? I've had that clean painless install on Windows like forever. My installs are always a single executable that copies itself to a proper place, gets any data if needed from company website and when uninstalled leaves no trace on a system. Never touched registry. There is nothing here that calls for "starting from scratch" And by then you will have discovered that your software can not do this and that after being relegated to a lowest common denominator state. I would disagree I have used many. PowerBuilder is absolutely atrocious. Delphi is brilliant and there is a whole range in between. I do not mind creating GUI in code either for applications that work with GPU but would still prefer Delphi like environment, I do. Not necessarily because of dick space but because this bloat on applications with rather limited functionality usually comes with being memory hog, sluggishness and otherwise unpleasant experience. This question was asked numerous times on every bike/trainer related discussion board. They handle just fine. I have my carbon bike on a trainer like 5 years already every winter and part of spring I have this nasty feeling that for the scale mentioned the whole logic can be safely run on a single high performance server with the decent database. Those little servers around can either run on the same server or placed on separate server/s around the main one. All nice and simple and no distributed transaction problems. Maybe it is "incredibly expensive", can't argue with this. Have hot standby database servers then located elsewhere. Still way simpler Leave it alone. It is perfect. ;) LOL. I would just call it common sense. ;) I am curious how modern architects would approach the situation I really feel for those who fall victim of this huge companies that under various disguises trying to get full control of people's lives and business. I am lucky that so far I have managed to avoid all this walled garden madness. All of my products so far are either desktop based or browser based and servers are hosted on my own/rented hardware, no cloudy stuff. Other than paying for security certificates every now and then I have no interaction with the "authorities of the Internet" Frankly I do not understand why do people submit to this kind of stewardship To be fair they bring a boatloads of innovation. It is how said innovations are being used. As for "their day will come": so far I only see the opposite. That "your life as a service" pattern spreads like a cancer. Not sure why people are buying into it. "why everyone does not make their own souffles" - I am not only developer. I am also a customer. And I avoid those McDonalds of the Internet like a plague. Not always successful but mostly. I sure use FAANG where it is irreplaceable. As developer I use Azure, Github, etc for example for my consulting gigs where clients demand it. Also guilty using Amazon, Netflix personally. Network card that I buy from Amazon is not any different from the one I get in my local computer store. But I also have my own products. And for those you will not find any trace of FAANG in there. I just do not need their "added value" and them squeezing my you know what. Just to give you an idea: my so called smartphone has offline GPS program, cycling computer and obviously voice calls and camera. Texting is disabled and no data plan. Yes I do understand that I have more knowledge than many people (former scientist), still that ready submission to anything attitude that I see more and more is definitely different from something that I saw for example 20 years ago Agree with everything except the tests. Ususlly do not need those but id did happen couple of times when I wanted to be absolutely sure that the person can work in particular domain. Basically take it home and come back in a week or whenever you feel like. The test was the actual problem but greatly simplified and should not take more then a day to solve so the person gets paid for a day. If they go down that's be a big pita. Way too many unknowns to give meaningful advice. However unless you believe that you've developed a money printing machine you can do the following: Say you spent 1 year developing it. Say you believe your fair salary for that year is XXX pesos and you've also incurred YYY pesos in expenses. So calculate the final price as (3.14 * XXX + YYY * 2 ) and offer to sell at this price. Well, make it 2.98 instead. Comes from "take your estimate and multiply by Pi ;)" I think 1:3 ratio is about right. If you do not agree you are more then welcome to make your own number Ouch At the very first glance: what is wrong with function xxx() instead of fn xxx() what are we trying to save here? Also would be nice to do import instead of @import . More readable I think. Afraid to dig deeper as I do not have time to play with the languages that I can not yet use in production. I only noticed that after reading your reply. To me, unless one wears wolf skin it would not even register in my mind. I can't even fathom what would poor Quickbooks ever do without Apple "gently breaking stuff". I skipped Vista completely (except one machine I used to test my software with) and went to Win 7. Same thing with Win 8. Luckily for GUI apps I've had enough "wisdom" and am only using Win32. Delphi (another shining example of backwards compatibility and being TRUE RAD) has shielded me from writing too much code for functional GUIs. So I mostly work on improving functionality and feature set rather than chasing whatever latest tech/framework is in vogue at the moment. Most of them come and go. Especially in web development. Should they? Maybe it is not that pretty but it is functional. Many modern sites on the other hand show big nothing picture that one has to scroll down and hunt for info. And I love that light grey text on white background which is nigh to impossible to read for many not so young eyes. And since they have pretty specific product I am pretty sure that their customers do not give a flying hoot about how the site looks. They need specific functionality from the product "Mac users are trained to care." Wrong set of priorities I think. And how are they being "trained"? They go to special courses or they just listen to a big ads telling them what they should like? I am going multiplatform for my new GUI apps and I am actually considering game engines / rendering libs of which there are plenty. Depending on design and particular engine/rendering library used there could be no problems at all. If we are talking say business UI on top of GPU accelerated graphics lib (no heavy 3d assets stuffed in regular and GPU RAM) you could run multiple instances with no problems. Yup. Davinci is what we use for our VR video production part. I am not entirely sure what qualifies for being "competent C++ devs". My thinking goes that it is kinda hard to imagine competent developer in general (never mind C++) not having knowledge about async patterns. From what I understand there is no real "performance" in said test. Just a bunch of idle connections doing big nothing and eating all CPU time with garbage collection. Second that. In my life I did everything from programming in pure machine codes (big device control, data processing an presentation system) to modern firmware to desktop apps with multimedia and high performance graphics to back end enterprise grade middleware like business process servers, publish subscribe, NoSql, etc. etc, To me they were not that different in difficulty. Just different scope techniques and tooling. For example by concepts message passing part in that machine code system and large publish subscribe looked very close. Chrome free (except checking if my web stuff works) for over 3 month already I remember our salesmen back in 90's cobbling together some Visual Basic or whatever it was called. So where it is now? I would agree about "magic" parts. " impenetrable unreadable perl-esq garbage write-once-read-never code " - I had about the same impression when I first saw it. I think ternary operator is as far as I am willing to go ;) I know a company, they have a floor filled with developers who think that Python is the best thing since sliced bread and any other language is abomination Too bad you can not use it to write those libraries ;) I just made a note. I do not really give a flying hoot to what happens to Python. I only use it in places I do some consulting since they require it. I do not use it for my own products. People are walking into corporate traps left and right. Too bad. they should turn on their brains every once in a while. I was given iPad as a gift some years ago (they also gave a receipt). After playing with it for few hours and discovering that it does not let me do the thing I want I promptly returned it to the store for nice refund ;) " The Platonic ideal of OOP is a sea of decoupled objects that send stateless messages to one another. No one really makes software like that, and Brian points out that it doesn’t even make sense: objects need to know which other objects to send messages to, and that means they need to hold references to one another. Most of the video is about the pain that happens trying to couple objects for control flow, while pretending that they’re decoupled by design " What a bunch of baloney. My products ofetn live in this exact platonic world: class instances running in multiple threads send and receive asynchronous messages through internal pub/sub bus without knowing much about each other at all. All is working just fine, controlling devices, doing data processing, GPU accelerated display and whatnot. Has nothing to do with Erlang in particular I've written these in c/c++/object-pascal. Implemented my first reliable multicast, pub/sub and state machine engine back in the 90s when I could not afford TIBCO and the likes ;) Warning, since I've never written line of Rust code never mind working with Tokio I might be just full of it. If that's the case please forgive me ;) From a short glance my understanding of Tokio is that at high level it is an execution environment that basically implements data exchange protocols based on asynchronous io. Then they say the following: Tokio is built around futures. Futures aren’t a new idea, but the way Tokio uses them is unique. Unlike futures from other languages, Tokio’s futures compile down to a state machine So the question here is why not to expose generic state machine framework (FSM/HSM) which can deal with those protocols but is also very useful for many other tasks as well? Congrats to authors and good luck. Have a question. I do pay for few things (netflix, amazon prime and couple of others). Their services are natural candidate in my opinion for being billed monthly. Now everyone my cats included are trying to sell their wares however small they are as a service. If I've paid monthly fee for every notepad sized program I use I'd be out of commission. How does this business model manage to survive is puzzling to me. So, a protocol can be implemented as a FSM completely independently of Tokio / futures and then used from Tokio But that was the point of my question. Since you've already built that FSM framework inside, why not to expose it? Or I guess it might be too specialized for your particular case. If there IS A SERVICE. Releasing new version of software is not really service, Netflix is. If new version is compelling enough I'll upgrade, if not then it is vendor's problem. As a customer I could care less what suits better for Vendor. I am not paying $5-10 or even more/month 100 times. That is insanity. What's the problem asking experienced developer to learn F#? That is course assuming they do not refuse the work? I am seeing it all the time when consulting for companies. Their developers just love taking relatively small things and turning it into multilayered monster with insane amount of dependencies for code, development building pipelines and deployment. Your original point was about inability to recruit developers. That is why I asked. From my experience it was never a problem for seasoned developer to get a grip on new language barring few very exotic cases. I completely understand other factors in enterprise. The minute you stopped paying for service is the minute you loose it. With software updates you can still use the old software just fine. So, no I would not consider it a form of subscription. Lemme give you very particular example. I own old copy of DxO labs software for processing photos. It suits me just fine and works like a charm despite it being 4 years old. they keep sending me offers to upgrade to new version with new features at very attractive price. If one day the old one stops working for me for whatever reason I will upgrade then. But I have already saved tons of money on just this software alone never mind whole bunch of other titles that I bought. Being paranoid helps. My pipelines never pull images from the hub, I always store those locally. That's right. Update on on-need basis only. Do not fix what's working ;) For what you mentioned you might consider Sencha (assuming you want to pay as they're not exactly cheap). Here is the demo page with all their visual components: https://examples.sencha.com/extjs/7.0.0/examples/kitchensink... " Is it that you already know the languages they advertise are good, or that you don't want to know? " How about do not care option. There are many decent languages to choose from, some general, some targeting particular areas. They're just tools. With this transformation, microservice architectures have become the standard for building cloud native applications, and it is predicated that by 2022, 90% of new apps will feature microservice architectures Wet dreams and bunch of propaganda. I was gonna run this through bullshit detector but it choked and died halfway through I got another question. Why don't those prophets leave intelligent people alone and let them use whatever tooling/approach they find appropriate for solving particular problem instead of heating the air trying to propagate/force whatever ideology they carry. Some interesting things are there. As a laptop I have HP omen 15", i7 6 Cores, 32GB Ram, nVidia 1070 GPU and 2 SSDs (500GB and 1TB). I paid $1800 Canadian Pesos for it. Has Windows and Linux Mint on it. Works like a charm. I can only imagine what would Mac with the same power cost. Sure it is not as thin as Mac but what do I care. Al my laptops are gaming type. They can work properly without overheating/throttling " Like it or not, the closed ecosystem of iOS provides more value to end users " Is there any "official" proof for this statement? To me closed ecosystem of iOs (and semi closed Android for that matter) look truly pathetic comparatively to what I have on Windows/Linux desktop " So in line with that they're simultaneously crafting the beginnings of Russia's version of the Chinese firewall " What they actually doing is making sure that their internal internet based infrastructure does not depend on what POTUS de jour feel like. Russia once had been threatened to be cut off from the Visa and other financial services and that had led them to create their own payment system. After the lesson like this one has to be the ultimate fool to leave one of the most important infrastructure to be controlled by foreign entities. Trying to spin it as Russia vs democracy is just a propaganda on it's own. Huh? What does that have to do with this? I was countering the point about closed system "being better" for users. Not the technical merits of control " They want it to just work and be secure ". - Says you, not "they". "Them" standard users do not even know what secure is. As for "just work" - nothing "just works" in the software business. It is snake oil " Not healthy way " - this is interesting. I think that the industry is in a business of making money. They do not give rat's a$$ about what is best for customer. What they do instead is they try to "educate" said customer to swallow their hook, line and sinker. Apple is very successful in this business. I am not here to claim that Russia is all nice and fluffy. But their stated goal for making infrastructure independent from the West is totally legit. It makes 100% sense. The rest is all guesses and speculations. This type of propaganda is an insult to human intelligence. What, the author is hoping that the readers underwent a lobotomy? In tech world languages are like a religion. Their choice does not really have to make sense. Hence unless it is 100% total proven failure the affiliates will try any means to protect/advocate/spread whatever language they like. I do not use ANY cloud for my business/private accounts. I just host my main and backup servers here and there with providers I can switch to / from in a flick of a finger. The only "cloud" I tolerate is buying stuff from the watching movies on Netflix and shopping on Amazon and likes. Of course when consulting and client demands it I work with the Azure/Github/etc but that is the extent of my involvement. Anything that happens on that front becomes a client problem. Not mine. "I don't think I've ever met a developer who didn't want to rewrite their predecessor's code and that includes the one I see in the mirror" Allow me to introduce myself ;) I mostly work on new products and rewriting to me just a waste of time. I am interested in creating features that give actual ROI. The only time I rewrite a piece of code is if said piece presents a major problem (bugs, performance etc) If users care about their own data the best thing they could do is to stop using smart phones and signing up to google, facebook, saas providers etc. etc. They would leak your data with the efficiency any pirate will be jealous of. Can I please have some links to unbiased reports with real world data on how much damage is attributed to the use of C vs other languages? Not from the entities you mentioned as they all have their own agenda. Otherwise what you say sounds more like unsubstantiated FUD. I very much prefer to exercise alone. The last thing I want is someone yelling at me and telling what to do. I can pretty much figure it out on my own. As for social interactions, I have real friends with whom I spend real time which pretty much takes care of my "mental health" assuming it is in danger ;) I do not like Pelotom at all. Do not like Zwift either as their graphics sucks and view of bazillion animated cyclists around me does not add value either. I guess this is because I love cycling but do not really care about racing. For racing crowd I guess Zwift can make more sense. I very much prefer software with so called Real Life Video (Tacx TDA, Veloreality, etc) for my indoor training in winter. The scenery is way more inspiring on big screen TV. Comes summer, forget indoors. I love cycling and swimming in open water. No software would ever come even remotely close. DCRainmaker was valuable source in the beginning (still somewhat is) but not so much now. His reviews and opinions at least in regards to cycling software lately are far from unbiased >But I also know that you can have so much sugar you fall into a diabetic coma. Exactly my feelings. Same thing here started from machine code and now doing everything else including kitchen sink >...interest free 24 month loan Getting a loan to buy a friggin phone? It does look like a status symbol to me. I'v always paid in full for my phones. No contract. Granted my phones are cheap as the only thing I care about them doing anything other then phone calls is off-line GPS software and cycling computer. My current $200 Canadian Redmi Note 5 does this just fine and has quite decent camera as well. Do not even have data plan on a friggin thing. I was just expressing my own opinion about "status symbol". Why would I care about being in line with whatever "longitudinal trends" there are >If the majority of people can get a product, how can it be a status symbol? Simple. If you have it you're ok. if not you are a marginal Well I can't know all intricate details but I've heard and not once from my friend's kids something in line of: but dad everyone has an iPhone and I must have one too. Maybe it is not representative but that's what I've heard. On top of that I got customers for my software and ones that own Mac/iOS are are shall I say very vocal. Here is the literal quote: when are you guys going to have your product for Mac? You should know that Windows sucks and no one will take your product seriously. All my friends have Mac and iPhone. It does sound like they feel being belong to some higher level Machine code. Was actually typing it on big roll of paper and then crawling around it pretending to be a debugger 1) JavaScript is NOT C. 2) There is nothing wrong with C. It was DESIGNED to service specific needs and does that just fine 3) I think this obsession with "safe languages" is being taken too far. Safety does not come free, we pay for it. Mostly in performance which is a valuable "feature" for many types of software. Not gobbling all computer memory running "Hello world" helps too. Besides automatic memory management and "everything is immutable" does not really make software safe either. I did read the article and also the manufacturer's web site. Left virtually speechless. Did not think marketing can reach such heights. What else to expect? Being left at the mercy of trade sanctions policies of other states is not the smartest move. The only question left is funds and China has those aplenty. C/C++ have enough tools to detect and get rid of memory leaks. Quite frankly memory safety ceased being a practical problem to me years ago. > But really isn't it just us trusting Gmail not to pull our access Nope, not trusting Google and I do not use it (or any other cloudy stuff) to keep what is mine. This may be GANs as the author stated but the end result looks surprisingly similar to a bunch of pixel shaders making transitions between source and target images with said transitions driven either by pure algorithms and/or derived from blurred images themselves. I've implemented music visualizer ages ago using similar concepts (pure algos though, no real images). It happened when nVidia released the first affordable consumer video card with decent shader support. I think it was 6600GT . My animation part that made video dance to music was a bit more sophisticated though. The music animation code worked something like this: 1) Each of my pixel shaders was driven by let's say 32 parameters (do not remember the exact value) 2) The code would generate first set of said parameters and the second set (values were random) and start transitioning ( lerp ) between 2 with the length of transition of about 60 seconds. 3) Upon completion of the transition the first set would be replaced by second set and the second set would be replaced by freshly generated third set and an infinum. 4) Seps 2 and 3 allowed for non stop fluid motion. 5) Lerp value the degree of transition between sets for each parameter would be modulated by sound (one FFT band for each also passed through synth like attack / decay. 6) Finally there was beat detection part which upon detecting a beat would invert lerp direction There were more steps and various tricks to make it more interesting and non repetitive but I am not writing article here ;) The end result was quite artistic. The visualizer was part of much bigger enterprise grade media playback / management / delivery /scheduling platform I've developed for hospitality industry "But it never amounts to anything close to a debate about what language I should use." So if your task was to deliver let's say commercial grade FFT library ( substitute with any other long computationally extensive process ) for consumption by others you would write it in Python? Simple question leads to downvoting? Looks like we have a knight in shining armor protecting the castle of Python. If this is "predicated by the type of work" then why make generic statement? Am I the one being obtuse? I do not see any bad faith here. I just disagreed to the original point. Anyways it looks to me that anything said against Python is big no. Btw. I do use Python, for complex shell scripts mostly. There is nothing condescending and arrogant here. It looks like the other side is being way too touchy. Anyways I got the message: stay away from anything that questions Python being the best thing since sliced bread. IMO a good an practical idea would be to write it in C/C++, expose as flat C API and then offer wrappers in whatever popular consumer languages there are (python included). The world of software does not end with Python Not sure how they start but sure look generic when they end like this: There's ways I'll insist that Python is the best at [x], and ways I'll concede some other language is better at [y]. But it never amounts to anything close to a debate about what language I should use Anyways I should know better then discuss Python And why would anyone write FFT code anyway? Robust implementations exist already The FFT was just an example, you can substitute it with any SolveTheWorldHunger computationally extensive algo One point in favour of the Python-first way is that you can prototype and test much quicker in Python than in languages that are closer to the metal. Interestingly I've found something quite opposite for computational algorithms. The problem was that execution of Python under debugger was unbearably slow for me (I used VS Code for this case). So waiting until the code gets to the point I need was not fun. With C however it would get there almost instantly. Compile time for isolated computational function was nearly instant as well. Maybe debugging under VS code was the culprit but I did not feel that for this particular task Python was any more interactive than plain C. "The point is more that I'd go so far as to avoid taking a job or gravitating towards a project where the development would not be enjoyable based on the tools I'd have to use." I can definitely understand this point of view. Well sorta. I was/am always goal oriented. I find satisfaction in creating a product used by other people. The actual process of implementation is 90% boring work and language for me is just a tool. I do not get too excited by languages. "And you'd find that Python is a go-to language for people writing such algorithms." If it works for them, sure. Did not work for me. Actually there were some problems (very long procedures I think would be one example). Other then that compatibility shines. If we are talking client side JS I think they're just trying to solve the problems that desktop had solved ages ago. And they keep smashing heads in a process. Nothing can be "everything to everyone". People are different. No point in trying to conquer the world. FreePascal is language/compiler and Lazarus is an IDE. Lazarus IDE runs on all major platforms and produces native code. Suitable for anything starting from system code and up to complex GUI apps. this strikes me as different from anything that was possible before the recent advances in GANs - well this is because you did not see my vis. It looked just like the one you saw on GAN's related link with similar transitions. Except that all imagery was generated by math formulas running in pixel shaders instead of ready bitmaps/videos. Here is the actual screenshot: https://exsotron.com/exs_files/exvis-0003.jpg Actually I played with the actual music video clips as a source of the imagery and the results were really cool but obviously other then experiment at home could not really do this part due to copyrights etc. I assume you are >35, you grew up at a time that people were think about the performance more than the readability, that was the bottleneck back then. From the old fart: conflating performance conscious code with the lack of readability is plain wrong. Satisfying dependency can be setting up some pointer to a function, passing an instance of already created interface, asking some factory to supply it etc. etc. As in everything in life there is no single universal answer on what is the best way to accomplish the task. What one uses in practice depends very much from problem complexity, one's experience / personal preferences, implementation language / environment features etc. etc. I think there is no real need to dwell over the subject without knowing particular context I do some consulting as well. Same thing, total python on back-end servers. All young programmers, some calling themselves pythonistas. Many actively support green movement to the point of wearing "green" labeled clothes. I loved their reaction when I showed them a table outlining energy consumption of python vs C (75 times difference). Summary: we do not really want you to work for us, we are too busy trying to understand WTF do we really want. Amount of BS the article is staggering IMO When I was trying to decipher it I thought it was written by somebody in a state of delirium . I loved it, very cool I have a very unique way of picking my nose. Just waiting when the scientists will get around to study it That was then: https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/google/7503641/Sergey... And this is now. Do no evil my a$$ Mr. Sergey Brin. Hypocrite is your middle name. Yeah, yeah I know, it is all big bad shareholders On one hand I am not fond of Apple in general at all. On the other hand when I see developers using Electron as a GUI layer I think it is pure insanity. It is an absolute resource and performance hog that in my opinion has no place outside of browsers context. Ones that come to mind right away and support most popular OSs: 1) wxWidgets 2) QT 3) Delphi with Firemonkey 4) Lazarus Whole bunch of other which you are welcome to Google and explore Also it depends on your type of application but I am seriously considering using 3D rendering library as a basis for multiplatform GUI. This one does not look too native but it looks like it may be the leanest, fastest option. This would require some groundwork first. I wish software patents were eliminated as a whole but here at least something. All my work ( my own ventures and consulting ) was remote since 2000. Sure there were some real meetings with subcontractors and customers but I think it was less the 3% time wise in total. There are programmers who can easily replace 3-4 and even more average programmers. How they structure their time is not your concern. As an employer you should have reasonable expectations in regards to what you should get from particular employee / contractor and if those expectations are met then the rest is not your business. If they're not met then the employee should be shown virtual door out. If however the employer can not see whether they get what they pay for without employee sitting in the office then said employer has bigger problems. And these employers will be scammed / fallen victims of their management incompetence anyways disregarding of in office / out of office style. Myself, I am both Employer and subcontractor since 2000. There was not a single time for me when I was in doubt as an employer whether I am getting my money worth. And as subcontractor I value my reputation and more then happy to present whoever hires me with stellar real references. As a subcontractor I normally develop rather large pieces upon which we agree upfront and there is rarely need for me to report daily details / progress. 2 weeks to 1 month cycles are more normal. Patents in general yes (assuming patent office really validates patents instead of rubber stamping ones from big companies). Software patents, business methods and other fishy stuff - I would pretty much love those eliminated completely. In 1991 I updated for the last time a piece of software (DOS based with proprietary multithreading and graphics layers). The software controls some scientific device, collects, processes and displays experimental data in real time and stores data for later analysis. About 2 years ago or so I think I was shocked to discover that they're still using said device and the software in unmodified form running it under DOSBox or something like that This looks like very idealistic approach. The world does not revolve around perfectionist's wishes. As for "...means it hasn't been maintained for 20 years..." - the OS did maintain the old API's and the way they behave to make sure old software that uses said APIs still works on new OS. Does not mean that the new APIs were not developed. I currently do part time consulting in company that has floor full of developers. All Apple. Not a single piece of software they develop actually targets Mac. They do full stack wit cloud and browser targets. " ...Morale goes down the shitter, and unless you have children it's unlikely you'll care about getting caught. ... " Instead of bitching about morale it is best to see it as an opportunity. Use time to better yourself, find new job, start your own business etc. etc. As for how well it plays for the business owners, it is their problem, not yours. "It’s crazy that JS dev is this hardware inefficient..." That's the whole point of cloudy businesses. They can masquerade it under whatever pretense but the end result is that they want you to use more and more hardware resources where each abstract hardware unit gets healthy profit margin for infrastructure suppliers. Skipping cases like Facebook, Google, Netflix scale most of real life businesses can chug along just fine on dedicated servers with the software written in "normal" high performance languages. You would be surprised what $10,000 worth of modern hardware with high performance software can achieve. Cant vouch for every situation but I think in general it actually pretty much achievable using slow attrition. From what I've observer while consulting corporate systems are collections of hundreds components. Start with one with clearly defined functionality and slowly chip away. Does not prevent from delivering new features. The only thing here is that it will introduce certain overhead and has to be carefully managed. Also one has to make sure if it has measurable ROI. This does not sound nice at all. What on Earth correctness has to do with avoiding C++? This is very generic statement. I do write servers for example that run non stop and frankly I've long forgotten when the production version caused memory issues. Basically combination of being diligent, using memory leak detection tools and certain programming style works for me just fine. For example my latest game server is up more than 2 month already and the only reason it gets restarted is that I am updating it with the new version. I would very much prefer function over fn , just for plain readability . Of course it is subjective but whatever. 1) Where did you get the idea that rapid prototyping is not possible with high performance languages? 2) You are making an uber-generic claim. Where is substantiation? I'll make another claim of the same nature: with this never ending rapid prototyping along with whatever they sell under Agile/SCRUM/etc methodology the end result is unbelievable mess of patchwork that after a while becomes to impossible to maintain and add new features to. It literally becomes house of cards I am not sure if Elixir is performance beast. But then again I do not know much about it other than it runs on VM. I can not be responsible for however said highly attacked systems were designed and hence can not judge. In my own cases I use proprietary protocols for client-server communications that more or less ensure that memory bounds are not broken. Of course attackers might be able to punch holes in lower layers ( UDP for example ) over which I have no direct control but in this case Rust would use the same UDP stack and offer no advantage. "I’m glad to hear that your code is unbreakable and without any bugs, but pcwalton’s claim is still absolutely correct" I smell sarcasm here. I do not claim my code to be unbreakable. I do believe it is REASONABLY safe by design. pcwalton's claim is generic claim about generic code that may have no relevance to particular situations. Mine for example As I said I do not know much about Elixir so yo be the judge. I do however have doubts about throughput of well designed code running on VM being faster then that of native. My understanding is that on Erlang VM this throughput is achieved by using async and message passing patterns backed up by thread pools inside. All perfectly available for "low level" languages as well. It is one case when crappy software being pushed on victims as yourself. They fill their pockets and you suffer ;) But when companies produce same stuff for themselves (internal operations) ... You have a valid point. However practically speaking smart pointers in C++ eliminate most of headaches. At least for me personally so I do not really consider it a big nuisance. But yes I agree that for many people choosing Rust could be preferred way. Whatever tickles your fancy. To each their own "So with agile we are better now because we can remove stupid rules in next iteration and not leave it hanging there for decades." Nice try. Fixing bugs and changing bad logic in timely manner were done ages ago when nobody knew that Agile term. Yes, but in many cases the rules were not fixed also What does this have to do with Agile? You either have adequate resources (human and money) and desire to fix problems or not. Absent that issues and bugs are lingering for years in organizations that employ agile. I saw it with my own eyes. "I hope the employee who made this call will get in trouble" Government employees could get in trouble for many reasons. F..ing up living person's lives with moronic decisions is not the one though. Look for example at "Windrush scandal" in UK. The action of the government in my eyes are pure human rights crimes. Good luck finding any person from a government held responsible (never mind put in jail where they belong). "There is no moral issue with inequality" Well, there is. Thanks to legalized corruption ( lobbying ) the rich are able to twist laws and regulations more and more to their advantage. This is self feeding process and the final outcome does not look nice at all. "Therefore forcing absolute equality on everyone is a moral hazard." Nice try at twisting the line, who is talking about absolute equality here? You know there are all kinds of shades between black and white. I am not even sure what I would call this diatribe. You seem to be putting lots of words in my mouth and doing more line twisting. "Inequality and corruption are different things" - happily working together, one working hard to increase the other Spoken like a true expert who has all "credible information" Not in a mood of diving deep into technical details but forgive me for being skeptical. This "secure by design" execution mantra makes me somewhat sick after hearing it so many times over the decades. After reading a header my dinner wants to find its way back Actually back at the end of 90's the company I worked for at the time was doing some jobs for IBM. The amount of pressure IBM managers put on us trying to get away with paying as little money as possible was quite impressive. They wen as far as trying to get stuff done for free in exchange for promise to be able to use them as a reference. "..Windows Update makes Windows barely usable..." I find this claim to be over exaggerated. I'm not exactly sure how their update schedule works exactly but in my case it updates some parts transparently without me needing to stop working. Updates that require reboot definitely do not happen once per week and never when I am in front of computer. I have no problems with access to working "Unix like" shell either. My laptops and desktop are beastly and have no problem running Ubuntu in VM. WSL works like a charm as well. But I rarely use either since for Linux development work and for running servers I use real Linux computers in headless mode running NoMachine for remote access. Windows being used for developing Windows GUI software duh, and for productivity tools, Video, Photo, CAD, PCB design etc. etc. " I've only bought/got a new Apple device because I could, never because I had to (ie: it was broken/unusable)." Same case for me but desktops and laptops are Windows based. Laptops: very old Toshiba which was super nice at the time. After that gaming laptops from Asus and HP. All desktops are built to order from the components I chose. Hardware problems during last 20 years: 3 hard drives had died (one on desktop, 2 on servers). Does not mean of course that I use the same one for 20 years. Keep upgrading them every once in a while as the amount of stuff I have to keep grows. 1 Video card from nVidia died. 1 Desktop began crashing. Further investigation revealed that thermal paste deteriorated completely and the CPU would shutdown after a very short while. Put new thermal paste and all works again like a charm. Other then that I kept upgrading things but now it does not happen so often as the hardware became generally good enough for just about anything. Well I am sort of looking at that new 32 Core AMD for server when it comes out. Same here. While I did make some friends through work generally work is far from being The Source. Last time I had to go to work full time for someone else was 20 years ago so obviously my social life is totally unrelated to work as far as I am concerned. " I was told by someone still working there HR declared unfriending a fellow employee was considered bullying." Would not go into detail but in my past I've encountered some peculiar things that HR was trying to impose on employees. I just told them to sod off and keep me away from their kindergarten. The HR person I talked to was sort of shocked but they did leave me alone. No actions were taken. They just asked me not to promote my view among other employees which I was not interested with anyways. https://brave.com/malvertising-homeland-security/ "Brave warns US Senate & Congress: foreign state actors can use targeted ads to run code on US government computers, exploiting conventional browsers" Oh, my. I am so scared. And Brave is of course a knight in shining armor ready to protect our shaken foundations. Google did few good things. But now it is trying to substitute The Internet. Well thanks, but no thanks. I'll stick to my old luddite way of doing things. I am not arguing about possibility of getting virus through ad on browser. My point is that they are using scaremongering in a hope to advance their product. They have no real proof that it is more secure. As for ads I am using adblock for ages. Not that I got a virus from internet, just do not like seeing ads when not asked. That's some beautiful job. My mother in law's friend has something resembling built that takes the whole basement and I was deeply impressed when saw it. I can only imagine what Rod's creation look like when you actually see it. I am really surprised seeing posts like yours downvoted "average user wants Material Design" - is that a fact or just a wishful thinking from people trying to push said design? EDIT: Personally for me while I find for example older windows interfaces ugly they were very consistent and functional. In modern designs I sometimes could hardly find what is clickable/actionable. It is not interface working for me but the other way around Beauty Normally no. I do not do TDD either. If however I am writing some complex algorithm where I know that I'll make few bugs here and there I would write test. Being too proper, doing everything by the book does not always translate to better code or good ROI Also being an older fart and programming for so many years I am usually pretty good at not making too many bugs anyways. "There is no purpose of having a so complicated language - like c++ or java" I would not call Java complicated at all. The way they wrote some over-engineered libs for it however is a different story. FactoryFactoryFactory my a$$. I personally do not like Java for performance related reasons and inability to do some lower level tasks but for generic enterprise development those features are not really needed. As for C++ - yes it IS SUPER COMPLICATED . I do not know all of it and do not give a flying hoot about this fact. What good about C++ for me personally is that basic stuff is easy enough to comprehend and I have no problem mostly sticking to C with classes approach. However whenever I feel that I need some exotic "feature" usually I can do a bit of reading and find it. Build time is not great but at least in my cases incremental compile time is fine. My only real problem with C++ is when I need to use some third party piece of code and it is written by some cool person who has decided to write it using every feature of language available and suddenly I can not comprehend what does every second f..ng line mean. ...this might save megawatts of power world wide... Since when saved megawatts bothered programmers? If that was the case we would see far smaller usage of scripting languages and electron apps. Me too ;) But I think we are in minority here Why bother if there are already well developed relatives Delphi/FreePascal with nice tooling and plethora of libraries.