I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone. Sarien: It's not allowed to talk to the outside world except through Sandstorm via specific APIs. Ghost is a blogging platform! https://ghost.org/ I've ported apps to Sandstorm with literally no prior experience with the languages those apps were written in. Porting to Sandstorm involves more deleting stuff you don't need than actually writing code yourself. :D I've been using TinyTinyRSS on Sandstorm for a while. It even has a mobile app that works with Sandstorm's API. (Though it's a fork, not the official Play Store version.) That sort of thing is definitely well in the scope of apps that'd be good to port to Sandstorm. There's a lot of basic apps the platform still needs. Bepasty in particular sounds like a really neat potential app that can just provide "file containers". I've been moving my Drive sheets over to EtherCalc on Sandstorm and all of my new documents I write on Etherpad for Sandstorm. Draw.io also just released for Sandstorm, which is one of Google Drive's original third party apps. The issue there is that ownCloud and Sandstorm share a lot of goals and functionality. Both are meant to be app platforms in a respect. And both are meant to organize your personal data. Since Sandstorm wants every file to be a granular document, putting the entirely of ownCloud in a file would be kinda odd. It'll likely happen sooner or later though. Yup. Holding a ten-year grudge against Microsoft is going to bite people in the end. I read an old blog post recently, that Google published in 2009. It felt like a eulogy of the company I once adored: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/12/meaning-of-open.html A lot of this is bad technology choice. The new hipster smart bulbs are a doomed technology, they were a bad idea from the start. Try INSTEON, buddy. The obsession over Bluetooth-this and WiFi-that continually drives me crazy. Home automation companies aren't investing in the sort of technologies we NEED because they're more focused on the sort of technologies they can SELL. It's about time. The government used to accept overwriting a hard drive several times with random bits as an acceptable wipe. Then they changed to insisting destroying a hard drive was the only solution. Now we know why. ;) "All the processing happens within the SlideMail app itself." Kudos to this. Bunch of scammers like Google try convincing you they HAVE to have your data for these things to be possible. The way it was closed was suspicious enough for me to wonder if they were driven to close by the government because it was one of the methods they couldn't crack efficiently. The MARA agreement Google mandates is very anti-competitive. It protects some services by mandating their inclusion in order to get others. Google now mandates almost 20 apps be packaged on devices, when the manufacturer really only wants the Play Store. Both of these things being intentional choices to develop crippled hardware that's reliant on proprietary services. A huge disservice to consumers. I think the walled garden approach that Apple, Google, and Microsoft all ascribe to is definitely anti-competitive at it's core, and I truly hope more governments will start addressing it as such. Heh, gotta love the folks downvoting anyone who criticizes Google. ;) Real classy, folks. There's a big difference between just storing and routing it, and processing every line and generating personal profiles off of it. o_o And for the appropriate meta: Folks who downvote anyone who points out they're downvoting people for criticizing Google. ;) It's not just pressure. They outright cut you off. You cannot ship Google Androids and non-Google Androids. It's part of the MARA. So do you know more about the sudden "TrueCrypt is not secure" thing ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/05/28/truecrypt_hack/ ) and can say definitively why the creators did that? Behavior which Google also practices? Heck, the original Nexus 7 even includes a "join Google+" step in it's initial device setup. o_o Well, in addition to the actual basis of the case indeed being "tying" with regards to Internet Explorer, whether you like it or not, being tame compared to Google's voracity for the same behavior, forcing 20 apps to be tied on Android devices. They do indeed form restrictive licensing agreements with OEMs. Through the MARA, anyone who dares create an Android device that doesn't have Google's blessing is permanently cut off from Google services. Google's APIs no doubt favor their own services over competitors, where many features of synergistic behavior between services exist which are not represented in their public API. And Google has absolute intent on continuing these practices. New marketing campaigns and shilled blog articles regularly advertise about the brilliance of their current direction, and they continue to add more and more restrictions on OEMs with every passing year. (Using "Underlying these disputes were questions over whether Microsoft altered or manipulated its application programming interfaces (APIs) to favor Internet Explorer over third party web browsers, Microsoft's conduct in forming restrictive licensing agreements with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and Microsoft's intent in its course of conduct." from the Wikipedia article as a source for the other parts of the Microsoft case. Note the article clearly defines the IE tying issue as the principal claim.) I read your other comments on the project. And most of what you are conveying seems to be about the audit project specifically, which you're involved in. My particular curiosity is about that announcement, and whether or not it was a government attempt to discredit a likely very effective product. Google Play/Apps. They're pushing more and more apps to be dependent on "Play Services", which is a monolithic Google cloud data platform. It ensures a large percentage of appealing apps are dependent on Google's platform, rather than the open source Android OS. Furthermore, the use of the MARA contract forbids OEMs from introducing any viable competitors into the market. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100008723963904447090045776523... and various other articles on the same incident. OHA members are required to agree not to ship devices running Android forks. I'd be happy to pay for good private email service. But of course, Google doesn't offer it. Because offering that sort of option would be a much more obvious admission of how much they rifle through your data as an income source. My issue is not that they offer a business relationship where they use your data for money, my issue is how shady they are about it. Yes, one spelling issue. Sorry, the MADA isn't discussed frequently (because Google's pretty good at keeping it out of the public eye), so I spelled it wrong. The issue is that the Play Store is tied to 20 other apps. In a fashion that violates both laws here in the United States and in other countries abroad. MADA restrictions mandate Google Search be the default search provider, and that the long press on the center button goes to Google Search. And that over 20 apps must be preinstalled with a Google folder on the home screen with many of them in it. Ensuring every device must be sold with very prominent advertising of Google services. This creates a very chilling effect on the ability for competitors to land on the platform, as at best, they'll be an unwanted second service on the device. And similarly, Google is extending it's monopoly over the Play Store app market to try to grow monopolies over other major online industries like movies and music by requiring those apps be shipped aboard. Certain tying arrangements are illegal in the United States under both the Sherman Antitrust Act,[2] and Section 3 of the Clayton Act.[3] A tying arrangement is defined as "an agreement by a party to sell one product but only on the condition that the buyer also purchases a different (or tied) product, or at least agrees he will not purchase the product from any other supplier."[4] Tying may be the action of several companies as well as the work of just one firm. Success on a tying claim typically requires proof of four elements: (1) two separate products or services are involved; (2) the purchase of the tying product is conditioned on the additional purchase of the tied product; (3) the seller has sufficient market power in the market for the tying product; (4) a not insubstantial amount of interstate commerce in the tied product market is affected.[5] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tying_%28commerce%29 Assuming that the Wikipedia article is factually correct on the requirements, provisions 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all true. MADA is confidential unfortunately. (Wonder why?) And no, that incident had nothing to do with whether or not Google apps available in Aliyun's store were pirated. Acer was told they'd be removed from the OHA if they shipped Aliyun's fork of Android. Again: See the Acer/Alibaba incident. The case may actually let us see a new version of the MADA if they can require it be in public court records. Love the claim that their relationship with Superfish "isn't finanncially relevant" and that they were doing it for their users. This was the greatest part of the whole document. Absolutely freaking hilarious. I've been saying this for over a year now. They've very much reversed roles. Market dominance has a huge effect on how a company acts, and Google is acting like the old monopoly trying to hang on. Can we please not Google brand the whole internet? :( The problem is Google is coupling improvements in performance and battery life on the backend with additional bloat on the frontend with all their design/animation stuff. So we're not actually getting any real gains here. More than likely, material design bloat ate any improvements in performance or battery life introduced by backend optimizations. Compared to Holo, Material adds a lot of generated shadows and animated elements. Holo was fairly 'flat' already, and far simpler. If you criticize Google in HN, you're going to get downvoted, sadly. Lot of fanboys here. Apple was never good at security, they just weren't a big target. Now they're both bad at security AND a big target. Now you can have your entire digital life entirely routed through Google. What could possibly go wrong with that? They can see what the inbound referrer is to their page. Indeed. This is an "all your eggs in one basket" issue. Google's cloud is the most dangerous thing in the world, because it's the most tempting target in the world. All of the data about practically everyone in one place. I trust the inevitability that Google's basket will eventually have the same fate. And it will be much much worse than anything we have seen so far. Agreed. With how much is disconnected between Hangouts and XMPP federation, I don't think you can call XMPP at Google "alive". Again. Multiple baskets will always be smarter than a single basket with everything in it. Hey look, sure enough the "How dare you criticize Google?" downvoters are in full force. :) If you criticize Google here, you will get downvoted into oblivion as soon as the fanboys find your comment. Um... Google apps ARE bloat. And the number of them they require on devices just keeps increasing. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Stephen Hawking all agree AI research is dangerous. Google does not seem to feel there is a credible risk and is doing it anyways. Google has always done this. Take something creepy and terrifying like processing bulk amounts of your personal data for advertising purposes, and putting a clean style and a friendly demeanor on it. Got a pile of them. I keep that pile next to all of the loyalty cards I get from various stores. Do I need to ask... where are they sourcing the puppies? Also: Come work for us, we'll give you free added responsibility and medical bills! Okay, good to hear they're not buying them at such and such puppy mill stores. :) This comment, in particular, was a joke. ;) I figured they probably didn't force you to get a puppy. I mean, presumably, if you go work at Rover.com, there's a good chance you already have (at least) one. My inner statistician is ecstatic you had this information just lying around. This is the big key to open source. The proof is right there. The source is out there, so you can't turn that source evil, people can just take it and run with it around you if you try. "Hey guys, here's this payout for this lawsuit. In other news, there won't be any raises this year." I find myself asking this question. I've found it entertaining to play with. But unreliable even in the few stores that support it. And I don't want Google to have more of my info. (And they just bought out Softcard, removing that option as well.) It's kinda necessary you enforce your licensing terms, but man, I wish people would realize that GPL is an extremely nasty thing. I'm speaking in reference to truly free licenses like Apache and MIT. Incorrect. Because a lot of others can't use your code for greater benefit of everyone because it's GPL. Your code is open source, regardless of the derivative work. GPL is about forcing other developers' to release their code in order to use your code. Oops. Over a lot of varying things, I've become a lot more open to Microsoft now that they're no longer a monopoly. They can no longer be the bully they used to be. Between open sourcing major frameworks, picking up more sane licensing models on some other things, they've really turned around expectations. But just as the GPL author has the freedom to make their code available, another author should be able to choose not to make their own code available. Again, this has nothing to do with freedom, this has to do with imposing your personal beliefs on others. That is a battle that will be won or lost without either platforms' watch actually mattering. I would agree that Wear and iWatch are not really competitors, except in the heads of fanboys who want direct comparison charts. Heh, clever name (and reason for it). Welcome to the club, Apple snobs. :) It befuddles the mind that you would develop a laptop that defeats the entire point of being a thin laptop, by ensuring you must carry a bag full of adapters and dongles. The MacBook Air may fit in envelope, but does all it's cables and adapters fit in that envelope with it? Terrible design. I always felt the Atrix and this sort of modular design was the future. Google killed it heavily with their cloud-synced devices push, and Sundar Pichai killing Android's laptop development project. I love the idea of Project Ara, but with Google taking it from Motorola, I fear it's going to be locked down into proprietary services like Google does with all their products. If they can get things like processing power to be modular, so you can have your apps and data on your phone, but be able to plug in and use desktop power when plugged into a larger station, that'd be when that sort of solution would really take off. I want everything on my phone, but for that phone to access desktop level UI and processing capability when I'm at my desk. Sure, the Webtop design had implementation problems, but the concept was solid. I think it's biggest deathblow was that it was released before Android supported large screens, so it was gimped to a version of Linux with only a couple pre-installed apps, rather than the tablet UI Webtop later could provide, after the concept was already killed in future models. Yeah, the Google that is making Project Ara is a long way away from the Google that embraced open protocols and standards, and open sourced platforms like Android and Chromium. To me the biggest case is going places where I might have an unexpected peripheral need. For instance, it's not uncommon for someone to need to transfer me some files with a flash drive. If I were to buy this thing, I'd have to carry a USB Type-A dongle all the time , just in case. Rather than have say... an extra millimeter of thickness, and the USB port just built right in. As noted, an Android laptop was in the works. I think an Android laptop with Chrome browser, with extension support, would've been the holy grail. But Sundar Pichai wanted to protect his Chrome OS project, so when he took over Android, he killed that project. (And yes, I can dig up a reference to this, if anyone questions it.) In the case of portables like tablets or laptops, it might be preferable for the phone to snap in for easy carry. But for a desktop a cable or dock would be more than good enough. The latter requires you give all of your data to giant corporations that you can't control. The latter requires that you sacrifice any freedom or choice in what software you run, where your data is stored, and more. The cloud is one of the world's worst compromises, and we're all just sitting around waiting for it to bite everyone in the rear. Sure, but what will be the adoption rate? Do people have to have both or drives with both ports? For how long will you be more likely to see standard USB flash drives than USB-C ones? What will the cost of USB-C flash drives be compared to standard USB ones? All important questions to answer before you walk out the door without a dongle. I'm sure it does. Google culture is pretty heavily ingrained among employees. And Google seems to have taken a strong interest in acquiring influence in the US government. They also have a former employee holding the Chief Internet Officer role at the White House, and Google has heavily supported over a dozen Congressional campaigns, which has actually come to fruition in the form of those Congresspeople sending blatant "please don't rule against Google" letters to the EU Parliament. I would report it to their superior, or the CEO if they are the head of HR. Particularly since it sounds like he may not have provided you a fair interview. Equality doesn't happen if people are silent about injustices. Yeah, as long as companies can profit from mining your data, the wealth of cloud services will be built that way. And consumers' obsession with "free stuff" only encourages it. I've played with ownCloud extensively, though Sandstorm.io is the new hotness that I think has a lot of potential down the line. They may not look pretty, but they work a lot better than the over-designed crud with pretty UIs. As a SysAdmin, I hope none of these enterprise vendors ever hires a single designer. Yeah, my first thought on this link was "copyright infringement?" In reality, I consider that a problem in the consumer space too, but designers don't really care. Which is now why I just prefer to use enterprise-grade products in the home. I literally was at a talk from an AXIS Communications salesperson yesterday. They advocated their never-changing web UI as a feature, and everyone agreed it was one. Or the reality is, you don't need designers, but the hipster crowd convinced companies they do, because they needed something to do with their art degrees they'd get paid for. And these companies are better off for it. Quick, efficient, and functional. That's what I expect of enterprise software, yes. It should have lots of options, and no useless cruft like CSS, JavaScript, etc. Exactly. The designer obsession with whitespace is basically a cancer to tech products. I go out of my way to find software that was made by an enterprise vendor, ideally one that has no designers on staff. o_o Whitespace is downright inefficient. If I bought a screen with over 2 million pixels in it, any one of those not serving information or functional elements is wasted electricity. If I wanted whitespace, I'd get a 800x600 screen from the 90s, and create a border around it with white paper. Lot more power efficient, same effect. I'm not surprised, and yeah, I've assumed code on Google Code is abandoned by default. But, you know, just yet another Google product biting the dust. This is the one thing I'm a bit worried about. I've downloaded several Google Code projects this year so far alone. This is the problem with proprietary cloud services. As long as they're hosted by and run by a single company, you can't be sure they'll stick around. Yup. I think my only serious concern is that even this year, I've downloaded several projects off Google Code. I am worried that a lot will be lost if they are not archived somewhere. Obviously, they specifically closed it because everyone uses Github. I think the key selling point though for you guys, is not putting code on other peoples' servers at all, which is unlikely to be Google Code alums. This is going to be the new best feature for malware developers. (Note: Unpoliced malware is RAMPANT in the Chrome Web Store, Google is not policing it properly.) Google made this decision a long time ago. Try searching Google for "flash player". The top two links are malware. Google knows their AdWords are used to slip malware at the top of download searches for major products, but has never done anything about it, like say, disabling AdWords on a term like "flash player" where any paid ad is basically guaranteed to be malicious. This is a twofold benefit for the sleezy company: Google gets paid directly by malware developers, and the added malware on people's computers helps drive consumers to switch to Chromebooks. The "rampant malware on Windows" problem is largely a Google creation, and of course, Google advocates their product as the solution. That does sound like it may help, though I wouldn't count against common users being regularly shunted through malicious portals. In actuality, I've found most HN users seem to love Google. To the extent that almost any criticism of Google gets downvoted to death. Case in point, this comment just dropped three points. ;) The great experiment is finally over. Very proud to exclusively use 840 Pro SSDs in my towers. Hey look, it's yet another way to route all of your data through Google's servers. I'm certain there's no hidden agenda there. Likelihood Google is collecting your info: High to Certain. Likelihood Bob the Tomato's Coffee Shop is collecting your info: Low. Arguably, that operating system is open source, and at the least, decently vetted. If you disable spyware like Google Play Services, it's likely to be reasonably safe. On the other hand, routing data through Google's servers is a distinctly different proposition. I know. :( I make a comment, and it gets a bunch of upvotes, and then the Google fans roll in, and downvote it back into oblivion. And you think the NSA is having a particular difficult time monitoring what routes through Google servers? In by that you're thinking Google could legally ship that in China without China having backdoor access to it? Fully agree. I've been deleting Google apps off my phone and replacing them with apps using the Holo Dark style UI. Far superior to what they create now. It truly is, but the Google fanboys are full steam ahead on it. In Material Design, Google branding is king. Those nasty features detract from Google's brand image. Yeah, I won't accept the update, and I've disabled most of my Google apps, where they shove Material on you even if you're on KitKat. Another possible option is the Sandstorm.io port of Gitlab. It can be installed as easily as a mobile app. :) That's where I found out about/first tried Gitlab. In fairness, when someone makes a post specifically saying "replacement for :product:" it's probably fair game to discuss the merits of the product being supposedly replaced. I mean, if only every CEO was connected enough to read like almost every comment or criticism about their product online... Good point "here's our Github account" would become a common solution for free private repos. It sounds to me like they're just disallowing the OEM practice of recovery partitions, in favor of telling you to create restore media, like the old days, lol. Factory reset without recovery media isn't going to work if your runtime files have been infected and such. Literally was arguing with someone like two days ago that using Slack for sensitive data was a bad idea, guaranteed to blow up in your face sooner or later. Nothing sweeter than "I told you so". Slack is from the startup culture. Do not expect any support for people who are not "up with the times" and crud. It makes you wonder how many changes were made for "privacy" and how many changes were made for "protecting our business". That's fair. I just wonder which half was the selling point that made the change happen. Maybe if Google AdWords wasn't a malware delivery tool... Absolutely. Though they're apparently changing their policy sometime this month to require ads advertising downloads be that apps' "primary download source". Yep: https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6169380?hl=e... Unionizing AdWords? Why not... just stop using it. As long as people give Google money, Google's monopoly will survive. Bleed it dry. Should say "Google does a lousy job purging bad extensions from Chrome". A: Because all of the malware I reported is still there. And B: Because actually policing your store for malware for once shouldn't be a news item. I have a feeling the decision for how to arrange, as a separate thing, is likely to feed the monetization component. Particularly if it's limited to using GitHub's storage. Awesome. I did notice they called it "Git LFS" instead of "GitHub LFS", which should be a clue there, though from other comments I figured it might be GitHub specific. A good example of Vosteran New Tab. Almost two million users, none or near none of which are consensual users. Nobody I've ever uninstalled that from ever intended to install it. It hijacks your new tab page and search. Interestingly enough, Vosteran also produces a rogue fork of Chrome which makes Vosteran's own search/ad platform built-in and unavoidable. Said rogue fork is also installed without users' permission. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vosteran-new-tab/o... I invite you to peruse the first five pages of search results here and make your own assumptions about the legitimacy of all it's five star ratings: https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=vosteran Well, AdBlock Plus is a bad extension. People who use it should feel like scum. Because they are scum. That being said, your walled garden notion is accurate. Chrome used "security" as an excuse to lock down the extensions platform to only their Web Store. But it's not any more secure, since there's plenty of malware in the Web Store. It was just an excuse to wall in their product. I definitely think the "startup life" culture is something a lot of people will eventually consider a downside. I recently interviewed at a place with an open floor plan, and I found that a big turn off to the position. While free lunch and dinner are nice perks, sure, they also suggest you're still at work for lunch and dinner. I want a job, not an overly-attached workplace. So, the ad market is drying up. This is a thing we know. It seems pretty obvious, even predictable, that Google would need to figure out how to transition as many people as possible to paid customers before that market becomes unsustainable. Someday, YouTube ads will just be a way to annoy you into paying up. And Google has received reports for it, but clearly thinks there's nothing wrong with it being there. Good. $2500 for domain registration is a scam. Welcome to the startup world: http://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/ When you read the first line of Chapter One, "I really like The Verge", you suddenly lose all interest in the rest of what he has to say. The problem is that stepping into this minefield with your own comments is just going to get you downvoted into oblivion yourself. The view that equality means you judge people on merit, not their gender, is not a politically correct one. This is, to me, the big one. The OHA is a huge agreement across an entire market segment not to compete with Google on a ton of products and services. There's no way Google gets out of an investigation with that practice intact. The part where they have control over nearly every major OEM in the industry? Rather than being a niche OS for rich people. But it's not a competitive handset market. Google has gotten all of them agreed not to compete with Google on OS, apps, and services, which they've all fallen in line with, and barely if at all compete with each other. (You'll notice they all do anti-Apple marketing, but no other Android OEM has ever done an ad against Samsung, for instance.) Yup. Google on Search: "Mobile is changing everything... please ignore the fact that we control the mobile industry too." I disagree. We have no idea how HTC, Motorola, Sony, LG, and others would've approached the market without Google. It's nearly impossible to say with any degree of accuracy. They are stopping Samsung from making it's own ecosystem. By forcing Google apps on Samsung devices, Samsung isn't able to develop their own competing ecosystem without also marketing Google's ecosystem simultaneously. So unless Samsung can compete with all Google products all at once, Samsung can't compete. Developers having to do real work is irrelevant, because developers are not the goal of antitrust law. Antitrust law is about protecting consumers, and if developers have to do more work because of it, so be it. If the EU's new limits on Google after this case causes their infrastructure to collapse or become unfeasible, that's Google's problem to solve. These are technical issues, not legal ones, and have no place in this discussion. Very excited to see this happen. The US surely wasn't going to do it, but it's well past due. The fact that most people use the default, and that Google mandates the browser be Chrome and the search be Google for all Chrome web browsers (largest desktop market share) and Android devices (largest mobile market share). And that they then prioritize their own products and services in Search as well. The issue isn't "everyone is forced to use Google Search" as much as "Google creates a monopoly through connected use of it's various products and services". The fact that you can change it is irrelevant. Microsoft learned that the hard way. Most people will use the default. This is one of those cases I absolutely think there should be no common hardware or connection. A plane's control system should not have any physical connection to public facing systems except for maybe sharing the same power source. While I have a somewhat dim view of niche social networks (seriously, I just joined a Trekkie-only social network, why the heck does that exist?), I'm going to give this a try, it sounds interesting. My initial feedback: The signup process is horrific. Asking me how many years of experience I have with each skill someone on LinkedIn endorsed me with? Literally just delete this entire page of the process. Signup should be simple, you want people using your site as fast as possible. The issue is that Google is default on Chrome. Their charges against Android are coming soon, they've launched an official investigation into Android app bundling as well. The problem is that people don't have control of what services they use. The vertical integration model, used quite successfully by both Google and Apple, is specifically designed to make it unfavorable or impossible to use competitors. At least under the US definition, the practice of "tying" is illegal when you use your monopoly position in one market to try to monopolize another market. By using Search to prioritize promoting their other services, they are trying to capture other markets through their dominance in Search. This is what the law was written to prevent. Most of my issues stem with how they do this in Android though, which is a separate investigation the EU is conducting. Google's Search behavior hurts consumers in a lot of ways. Since Google is the front door to the Internet, effectively, particularly in Europe where their market share is nearly uncontested, being an unfavorable result in Google prevents you from adequately competing. Being "penalized" by Google Search for any reason can put you out of business. And Google is now trying to exact their will on the entire Internet through penalizing sites in Search as a means of activism. For example, choosing to penalize sites for not using HTTPS, or penalizing sites for not using "mobile responsive" design, which has at best, subjective appeal. I assume there was a skip button on it, but it was a terrifying thing to be hit with. Even if it maybe picked just your top five skills to ask you about and offered to let you add more with a list or something. It's probably the appearance of the size of the thing. But some of the hyper-detailed profile options may be better to ask people to add to their profile post-registration, so you can get people into your site as quickly as possible. Extremely similar behavior. Basically the same premise, just a different division of the company doing it. Are you even remotely surprised, digi_owl? Nothing is a giveaway. It's all in exchange for your data, which is what they are profiting off of. And yes, Ara was an awesome Motorola project that Google will now ruin with walled garden design. The endoskeleton is not intended to be third party-able. It was actually pretty trivially easy to install Netscape. It most certainly could affect Amazon. And I would be okay with that. Actually, the difference is that US antitrust law won't go after companies who are friends of half the White House staff and pay off a decent chunk of Congress, whereas the EU doesn't care how big you are, they'll take you down. That's more than likely because Apple has never really held market dominance for a substantial period of time. As someone who's been trying to find a way to not use Google, I absolutely think the EU should not just fine, but shatter Google for. Because even when I moved to Windows Phone, Google bought out my NFC payment app and shut it down, telling everyone to get Android and Google Wallet. If Google can't crush a competitor in the marketplace, they'll just buy it out and kill it. Which is why rumors they might want to acquire Twitter isn't a shock: They've never succeeded at social. "Building the Star Trek computer" was always a funny marketing angle for Google, given that the Federation would frown on a greedy corporation controlling the flow of information. Android is very simple: Google needs to be banned from mandating OEMs install the whole Google Apps package. Leave it on OEMs to decide what browser, search, etc. apps to package on their devices. The market, and consumers, will decide what works. The Open Handset Alliance is a blatant example of an illegal trust. A large group of supposed competitors agreeing not to compete. The US's view of Google is inadmissible. Several high positioned White House staff members in tech positions are Googlers, and Google has a massive amount of cash invested in the US Congress as well. Google is at the White House for meetings on a weekly basis. The US Congress' letter to the EU Parliament asking them not to break up Google: Entirely signed by representatives paid by Google. The OHA is basically an agreement between almost every major manufacturer in the industry to not compete on software, which is the majority of the industry's featureset. Additionally, while OEMs actively advertise against iPhone, none of them have ever made ads against each other. The OHA is, at it's core, an agreement of a whole industry to not compete with Google or each other. Nobody cared about Google Wallet. It was never more than a tech industry niche item (aside from being an account for Play Store purchases), and phone carriers only blocked it because Google was trying to create a monopoly. If you understand the history behind the secure element, you'd realize that it was those phone carriers which forced Google to adopt HCE, which allows payment options. Google's plan was to be the sole payment provider across the entire industry. Source: http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/05/01/a-brief-history-of-v... It's actually been really nice to remove all the Google apps and find apps with UIs I actually like rather than the Google-branded blinding-in-the-dark stark-white look they're shoving on everyone these days. I recognize your name. I've surely encountered your brand of fanboyism on HN before. Indeed. Consumer choice is more important than consumer coddling. And nobody is saying Samsung or Sony or LG shouldn't be able to choose to ship Google Maps on their devices. Just that it's wrong for Google to force them to. Read the article, magicalist. Particularly the bottom few paragraphs. Google mandated exclusive use of the Secure Element for the payment system on Android. This would have prevented carriers from offering a competing payment service. In short, carriers were not being greedy by blocking Wallet. Google was being greedy by designing Wallet. Carriers, if anything, saved us from a Google Wallet monopoly. Now anyone can make an app that uses NFC. "User experience" should never be chosen at the expense of "user freedom". It's really not, because I'm a career IT specialist, with a degree in software development and a ton of experience. For anyone outside of that, Google makes it very scary and very difficult to do. Google's "openness" is what I refer to as "just enough rope to hang yourself with". They only are open insofar as they know you can't successfully compete with them. And when that limited freedom controls 80% of the mobile industry? The quality of a local business cannot be determined by whether or not they cough up $70 a year for HTTPS. The quality of content cannot be determined by whether or not they cough up $70 a year for HTTPS. Penalizing sites for not using it raises the cost of having an opinion or trying to run a business on a nearly arbitrary restriction defined by a monopoly with conflicting business interests who sells web hosting services. Not much of a fan of Apple, but Apple doesn't have a chokehold on the tech industry. So Google's doing a good job now? With over half their devices vulnerable to major vulnerabilities that every other OS patched but Google has publicly refused to develop a patch for? And if they were crushed by Apple, Apple would be under the same scrutiny Google is now. And again, Google was only successful because they leveraged an illegal agreement over a major portion of the tech industry. Years of cleaning malware off Windows PCs has taught me that average users will click on anything that offers to make their computer faster. If those restrictions were removed, Samsung would likely remove most Google Apps from their ROMs in the next update. They'd keep the Play Store and Maps. Maybe YouTube. Most other OEMs would take longer to set up their own apps, but they'd all follow suit. I'm guessing you missed this bit? > Google Wallet is doing something few apps do - asking for direct, exclusive access to a secure piece of hardware in the phone. Not only that, once Google takes over the secure element, it wants total control. Because of the security concerns (and related technical difficulties) involved in sharing a secure element, Wallet and only Wallet is able to utilize the internal secure element on a Wallet-enabled device. That means Google is directly managing every layer of the process. And then Apple would be in the same boat Google is in now. Of course, had Google been willing to create an open source OS without using an illegal trust to maintain control of it... well, then everyone would be in the clear. Indeed. In most markets there are at best, two options. And one of them will likely suck. In Chicago, it's Comcast or AT&T. And AT&T's top speed is Comcast's minimum speed, so your choice is made up. Harm to competitors is most definitely harm to consumers. It is. The charges filed today are about Search. And then the EU is opening a separate investigation about Android, though the general concept of the problem is the same: Google relies on bundling and self-promotion to create a walled in and monopolized experience. Are you suggesting that all of this is not publicly documented? The White House has hired multiple high-ranking Google employees in the last two years, and the campaign contributions made by Google to the Congressional representatives lobbying for them are all of public record. There is a decent likelihood the EU court will mandate Google to provide the court this information. With any luck, some of it will end up public, though Google will probably try to leave the EU as a whole before they'd give up their search formula. "Interesting thing commenters here seem to not know, device manufacturers are not allowed to sell any non-Google Android devices if they sell Google Android." - This is one of those MADA terms few Google supporters understand. Samsung, for example, is prohibited from releasing Google-free Android unless they wholesale give up on all Google Apps on every device they sell. It's not really "astroturf"ing when FairSearch prominently displays that it's an organization owned by Microsoft on their about page: http://www.fairsearch.org/about/ (Meanwhile, Google goes out of their way to hide their ownership of the Open Handset Alliance, burying the first mention of their name on like the third page of members.) Writing in their PhD paper in 1998, Larry Page and Sergey Brin described paid advertising as “insidious”, because it “often provides an incentive to provide poor quality search results”. Absolutely hilarious.