It's good that testing is covered as part of your teaching strategy, because as you said, in any real world environment that experience will come in handy. But the audience reading and sharing links on Hacker News are likely to have a deeper body of knowledge in this area than pure beginners. People posting tutorials (for free) may be targeting this more experienced group of people, who may take it for granted that a beginner's tutorial will not cover everything necessary to go from a prototype to production-ready software. I also feel that as people progress through tutorials, they will organically come up with questions that the tutorial has not covered at all, like "how can I test this to make sure it's bug free and can withstand lots of concurrent logins?" They're upfront about the only 2 features of this phone, so why would anyone pay $300 for the privilege of "distraction-free" telecommunication, which is available at 10% of the cost at any cell phone shop, anywhere in the world? This news concerns me a bit, as a project manager for a SaaS web app that uses GA to generate user activity reports for data around things like "# of users who clicked on link X" or "users who completed a survey". I'm not a dev, and we hire an outside web dev company to build the web app and reporting dashboard. Can someone more knowledgeable than me indicate if a user with this add-on enabled will be throwing up zeros on our analytics when they use the software as a logged in user? I know Ghostery blocks GA, but it's niche enough that I don't worry about a critical mass of our target demographic using it. But this seems like an official Google add-on, which makes it much higher profile to average users. I've been reading magazines and books on tablets for a while now, and while I agree that 4:3 portrait is naturally more suited to reading, most magazines are printed at an actual size of A4 paper or larger. So even on a 9.7 inch iPad, the content is being shrunk to "fit to vertical height". This can make the content harder to read, as you're not viewing it at the actual size it was designed for. The alternative is to read it in landscape mode "Fit to horizontal width", but with visual clarity, the trade-off is having to scroll to read the whole page, which is annoying, and reminiscent of scrolling through a web page. I don't know if that's true. The first few iPhones were very expensive unlocked and on contract, required signing up for a $70-$100/month phone plan, which was close to double what dumbphone users were paying. The iPod Nano, iPod Touch and iPod Classic saw updated versions each year, slowing down only once iPhones and Androids became mainstream and replaced dedicated music players. It's 9.4mm at its thickest point. Will consumers really be turned off by a phone that's barely 1cm thicker than other flagships? Most smartphones I see in people's hands have a bulky case around them already. The auto-cropping works for most magazines but not all. Businessweek is notorious for using margins to include photo captions, graph legends and related articles. Most mags also use the margins to include page numbers. Source: used to crop margins on magazine PDFs when reading on a 16:10 Android tablet. Not worth the hassle. That assumes that CS grads will look for work exclusively in a technology role. The skill set of a CS major is applicable to roles well outside programming. Management consulting and financial services for instance recruit CS and EE grads by the bucket load. CS employment in startups may decrease in the event of a startup bust, but mature companies like Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, IBM etc. aren't likely to drastically change their hiring patterns unless their own business have been materially impacted. I have 3 friends from Bangladesh whose parents received their US green cards in 2000, 2002 and 2003. They had all applied for them in the early 1990s. I rarely hear of this happening anymore, so I imagine the process was more straightforward back then. Mozilla has definitely been pushing these technologies, partially to support content development for Firefox OS. You seem to be comparing a markedly positive device review by TNW to a markedly negative one by Ars and inferring that there's some agenda. What would that agenda be? The post is about the frequency with which Whatsapp polls the contacts list. The Blackberry DTEK app simply happened to be the only one that could provide that information. Blog posts usually have links to related content to drive page views, so linking to their BB review isn't exactly some shady form of advertising. OK, as you're an Android developer, I understand where you're coming from. However, Android users in 2015 pay hundreds of dollars for phones that can barely manage 4-5 hours of on-screen time. That is due to many factors, but users have a right to question if background app activity is to blame. Usually there isn't much quantitative information to work with, but in this case, we do have some. And it's sparked an informative discussion on HN, so I think people have benefited overall. As for their opinion of the Priv, it's an opinion, and there have been varying opinions about it in the tech press. The way your comment was phrased, it sounded like your disagreement with their Priv review was a factor in your evaluation of their Whatsapp article. Agreed. I come to HN to read about technology, not geopolitics. Some related issues like electronic surveillance, encryption etc. seem relevant, but a discussion about geopolitical roles of two Middle East regimes seems pretty off-topic. The controversial nature of these topics also unfortunately attracts people who aren't HN's target demographic, and dilutes the excellent content of the site. Even without Ublock, Firefox Android supports extensions, so I can toggle an image blocker extension during those lean times when I'm close to hitting my monthly data cap. Unfortunately, I've found that Firefox is a bit slower to render pages than Android Chrome, and scrolling experience sometimes feels janky. That said, it's unlikely that Android Chrome will ever support ad blocking, so Firefox will stay on my device. Agreed. Erstwhile ad-free websites like BBC News for example now have an annoying full-page ad on mobile with a requisite tiny "Close" button. The worst part is, the news article loads before the ad, so you can see the article text and image for ~1 second before the screen flashes white and the full-page ad loads. That's a fail on so many levels, it's far simpler to view the site on on Firefox Android with Ublock Origin enabled. BTW I have the BBC news site whitelisted on desktop because the ads are not nearly as intrusive and UX-breaking. Maybe not a murder charge, but in the US, there are a number of lesser charges that don't imply direct intent, such as negligent homicide, 3 degrees of manslaughter and others. In the case of deliberate targeting of women based on gender, it's possible to attach a hate crime charge as well, which would add significantly to the possible jail time. At the very least, pursuing some of these charges would build leverage, which may result in the defendant pleading to a lesser charge. That in turn would result in no trial, and circumvent the complicated question of whether SWAT team operations disproportionately increase the risk of death or serious injury. I don't know about this. I think it's wholly possible that people derive inspiration and perspective from Dribbble, Behance and similar sites, and use that inspiration to attempt to solve actual business problems in UI/UX, the specifics of which are never posted to Dribbble, either due to NDAs or more likely, because it would be incredibly boring for the average Dribbble user to look at. I don't believe Dribbble has portrayed itself as a site to showcase business case studies. A lot of the time, it's simply a repository of design samples or off-work personal projects. And I'll admit, after a long day of looking at dull wireframes, it's simply a relief to look at a fun UI mockup animation, even if it might not work in a real-life production app. It was very popular all across Asia too, except maybe China where Internet restrictions probably led to local competitors,sprouting up. It likely wasn't popular in the US as AOL captured the market first, and the impact of network effects is huge when it comes to chat apps. Interestingly, MSN Messenger's capabilities in the late 90s/early 2000s were quite impressive. I remember being able to make long-distance audio VOIP calls using Messenger back in 2000, even on an awful 33.6kbps modem. The feature was removed pretty soon after, probably because it was abused (there was no charge for calls). You could also send decently sized files (~10MB) using Messenger until about 2005, and that too was discontinued as people used it to send MP3s to one another. I recently imported the Huawei Mediapad X2, a 7-inch phone with a 16:10 1200P screen not unlike the Nexus 7. I use it both for phone functions (BT headphones) but also as my primary web browsing, magazine/ebook reading and mobile gaming/XBMC device. A smartwatch is the perfect accessory to a device like this, which is too large/unwieldy to use at the gym, or pull out for things like map directions, public transit arrival times, email notifications, etc. None of these are a problem with smaller phones, like the 6 Plus or Galaxy Note. The Apple Watch is a poor solution for this, because, like the 2001 iPod, it requires a Mac device to work. And even if it didn't, like Android Wear devices, it must be tethered to a smartphone for most of its functions, as opposed to functioning as a standalone device. I understand Apple, Google, etc. don't want to cannibalize device sales, but it seems ridiculous to me that a V1.0 smartwatch costing $300+ can't even support music playback on local storage, or have a built-in GPS and maps that work offline. If I'm on the go, I'd like to limit the number of expensive devices I'm carrying with me where possible. I think the same goes for most people, otherwise people would still be carrying their flip phones and digital cameras around. Yes, of course there are hobbyists who need their DSLR with them all the time, but the majority of people are happy with a solution that's good enough and convenient enough. I'm not even thinking about more advanced features like a built in video camera that, with the appropriate strap, could act as a body cam or a helmet cam. I'm sure future versions will offer such functionality, but V1.0 functionality is already so limited, I simply can't muster any enthusiasm for this class of devices yet. Cell phones have always been able to tell time. I wore a watch all the way until I purchased my first dumbphone. I'm not interested in watches for accessorizing/aesthetic purposes, so as soon as it's primary function was supplanted by my phone, I ditched it. It's very likely that the employee roster in those companies mirror the ethnic makeup of the country quite closely. That is not to say that minority groups in many other countries don't also suffer from discrimination in the labour market due to socioeconomic marginalization, religious differences, etc. But to dismiss this issue in Silicon Valley by pointing at other countries is besides the point here. SV by and large is the most well known tech hub, and notorious for waxing poetic about its meritocratic structure. That is what is at issue here; is it a true meritocracy, or are there enough confounding factors (recruiting at specific schools for instance) that end up resulting in a workforce that doesn't reflect the racial/ethnic/demographic makeup of the country in which it exists? I left a comment suggesting a follow up article that might flesh out some of the aspects he wrote about (covered succinctly in the TLDR in the comments here). On its own, the article isn't all that helpful aside from confirming the general adage of "work hard". It is odd that Yahoo's stake of the fantasy sports market constantly goes unmentioned while daily fantasy startups like Draft Kings is currently bathing in VC cash and media coverage. Part of this may be related to the lack of direct monetization opportunities from Flickr. If you take the example of Instagram, the enormous number of users they have have created, "Instagram celebrities" out of thin air, with people securing modeling contracts or product endorsement deals simply by being popular on the network. I'm sure some photographers are getting business opportunities by posting their work as well, although that has a lot to do with how good they are at getting themselves exposure. Even if That depends. I thought the same thing would happen to Uber, but they've used their rapid growth and VC money to fund lobbying efforts to change the laws around taxi regulation. As I understand it, these FF startups are attempting to exploit similar loopholes in Internet gambling laws as a short-term fix while they lobby to change the law in their favor. That's the point I was trying to make. Yahoo has first mover advantage in having their own infrastructure for calculating scores and player statistics, not to mention a large base of users. Surely their fantasy sports products would be of value to companies looking to get a piece of the online sports gambling industry? Unsurprisingly, someone has attempted to make a business out this exact question. The Personal MBA site has a good selection of books to get your started. It's categorized under different topics like marketing, finance, strategy, etc. https://personalmba.com/best-business-books/ Stock market movements are heavily influenced by macroeconomic trends like inflation, GDP, unemployment etc., and the government is the organization tasked with collecting and disseminating that data. When you don't trust the numbers coming out of the central bank, you can't have much trust that the stock market is reflecting the true value of the securities. With regards to the Indian governments' fudging of macroeconomic stats, this article may be helpful: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-14/india-now-... What specifically about the free market is hold Brazil back? What changes would increase economic output? I understand that import taxes on things like consumer electronics are punitively high, but that's a cross-section of the consumption aspect of GDP. GDP can still be increased through capital investment, fiscal policy and net export growth. What numbers are you comparing though? The headline figure for TARP in the US was $700 billion, but even the GAO audit cannot perfectly trace how much it actually cost, as opportunity cost can't be calculated. Financing TARP took resources away from infrastructure projects or other projects for which positive economic externalities apply directly to society, not just bondholders. China has 4x the population of the US. How "big" would the intervention have to be to be stronger than anything in 2008? Can you specify why it was "useless"? >part of the force resulting in net negative low skills worker immigration. That assumes that these workers are coming from countries where opportunities for paid work are equal to or better than those available in the US, and are equally lucrative. Many workers come from communities destroyed by the drug wars, or from economies ruined by corrupt governance. If those structural factors don't see improvement, the impact on net low-skilled migration to the US won't budge much. In Buffett's day, value investing made a lot of sense and allowed Buffett to put out wise-sounding soundbites like "I don't invest in what I don't understand" and helped shore up the folksy image of Berkshire Hathaway, who owned ostensibly uncomplicated companies like Heinz. But today we live in a world where the way to make money is through regulatory arbitrage (Uber) or startups chasing risky business models. Additionally, accounting trickery is orders of magnitude more elaborate today, and high frequency trading may have permanently impacted traditional models of volatility. Of course, this applies only to publicly traded companies. My overall point is that determining value from fundamentals alone is nowhere near as straightforward as it used to be. >If the US government decide to do that.... And therein lies the rub. Apple can mount a better defense than the US prosecution can, by dint of their bottomless legal fund. Apple can also put forward a united front, whereas you would need to summon an unprecedented level of political will and bridge-building to simply prevent Congress from derailing the DOJ prosecution through infighting. While the article certainly worded that portion poorly, there is a difference between monetary velocity of retained earnings parked in a mutual fund, and earnings plowed back into a business. In the former scenario, it takes a much longer time for the money to flow back into the purchase of goods and services. By reinvesting in the business, there is far less of a time lag for that to result in growth-generating economic activity. They are not sitting on the cash. The article worded this very poorly. While all companies hold cash for managing day to day operations, a lot of the 2 trillion or whatever the number is, is parked in CDs, Treasuries, Bonds, etc. i.e., income-generating investments. Financial statements require companies to disclose "Cash and Cash Equivalents"; much of the hoarded money is in the form of investments that can be quickly converted to cash. It would be foolish to simply park non-essential funds in a savings account making 1%/yr. People in desperate situations aren't going to be stopped from coming to the US because the Fed/WSJ/BLS says there is no market for their labor. Migrant communities are extremely resourceful because they likely have experience in finding opportunities that others would pass on. For a lot of people, decision making is based on which option allows them to just live another day; relative to their circumstances, we are exceptionally privileged to be able to make decisions based on the extent to which macroeconomic indicators impact our standard of living. With regards to the standing desk, I find that for me (5'11"), placing a tabletop on top of 2x IKEA Billy Bookshelves (41.75" H x 31.5" W) does the job perfectly; it easily supports a dual-monitor setup (1x 32inch, 1x 24inch). Add in a anti-fatigue cushioned mat for your feet, and you're good to go! They served together on the board of United Way; they weren't just random acquaintances. The social proof conditions necessary for Bill and Paul Allen to make their pitch to him had been satisfied both through their parents' credentials, social connections and the fact that they both went to Harvard. Not to take anything away from Gates' technical skills and business savvy. But this goes to the crux of a lot of startup stories. It could all have been very different if even one of those 'background variables' had been different and the meeting with IBM never happened. Even that test has limits though. Competive gamers all start off playing hours of video games a day, but playing competitively means sacrificing fun for grueling practice, formulaic tactics and very little experimentation; basically all the fun is sucked out of it. Theres a moment in the show "Silicon valley" when a programmer looks at an Agile deliverables chart and says "This just became a job". I think that would be the test. Can you endure the drudgery of daily grind and constant challenges and still want to go through with it? You won't know unless you try. Not just that, but he also attended Queens University, one of the best public universities in Canada at a total cost of almost zero due to his ctizenship. I believe he completed his undergrad studies at Amherst College, however. That is an oversimplification that assumes that markets are efficient and there is no information asymmetry and evrryone operates on a long investment time horizon. If Warren Buffett and I both invested in Goldman Sachs in 2008, I would have to base my decision based on quarterly earnings reports and my guesses on the direction of Fed's monetary policy. Buffett on the other hand would be invited inside the Goldman boardroom and likely told of the company's situation without the sort of CFO doublespeak that occurs during an earnings call. >It's really cool to see the latest Windows Phones and watch them plug into a keyboard, mouse and monitor and bam you have the FULL version of Microsoft Office apps and a Windows 10 like desktop. Cool maybe, but what would be the use case for this? If people think they'll need full Office on the go, chances are they'll take a laptop or Surface-like device with them. Right now they will need their Windows phone as well as a MS display dock, keyboard and mouse, and it will still all be useless unless they are able to find a monitor to plug into. Every workplace or airport lounge I've been to with a PC monitor has VGA/HDMI cables locked in place, and unremovable without a key or without cutting plastic ties. It has been available on Mac OS since 1989 and there is a browser-based version that is freely usable with a Microsoft account. I think you should check your facts. >Half of Colgate Social Science majors are in the top 5% of income earners? I went to a New England liberal arts college, like Colgate, and the most popular major at my school was Economics, which is categorized as Social Science. Most of the Econ graduates went for jobs in management consulting or investment banking, as those companies would come to recruit on campus, and tend to already have a solid number of alums working there to begin with. In fact, Dick Fuld, the ex-CEO of the infamous Lehman Brothers investment bank, was a trustee on the board of my school, and hired many alums, as did Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, etc. For banking jobs straight out of undergrad, you don't have to have a deep understanding of quantitative finance. It's more about having a soiid GPA, a demonstrated interest in the topic and interest in learning, and the capacity to work very, very long hours. The problem with "tablet" magazines are that they force publishers to pick one tablet to optimize for. There is no equivalent to responsive web design in the magazine sector. So what you end up with is content originally designed for a 4:3 10" Retina iPad, but also available via the Play Store or dedicated magazine app on form factors where it has no business being, like an 8" 16:10 Android tablet, where you have to zoom, pan and scroll to see the whole page. It is enormously inconvenient, and I would guess most people just end up going to the website, which in most cases is responsive and will likely work well on a tablet, laptop or phone. Magazines on mobile devices should offer the same level of comfort and convenience as their physical equivalent. I would love to swipe through pages like I do on my eBooks, as I find scrolling through text every few seconds to be a hassle and visually disorienting, especially for long-form reading. I'm happy to continue to subscribe to physical editions of my favorite magazines, as the mobile experience doesn't offer nearly enough at this time to be worth my while. Not just that, but Yahoo Finance's data download capabilities were a godsend for students like me in the late 2000s. No sign-up bullshit, they just let casual web users download enormous stock price data sets in CSV format. Very useful for my finance classes or econometrics term papers. I was fortunate to have access to a Bloomberg terminal at my school, but Yahoo Finance's efficient combination of displaying key metrics, historical prices and company-related newsires all on one site, navigable from my bedroom, was immeasurably valuable as well. Pregnant women are screened out during the visa interview process to prevent this from occurring. It's not perfect, in the case of individuals receiving multi-year visas, but those are only provided to individuals who have spent significant time in the US, or have family members who are citizens. Also, a baby born in the US to a non-US citizen parent does not automatically confer the parent with citizenship or permanent residency rights. In the case of "anchor babies", the child usually will not have the right to sponsor his parents for residency until they are 18. Agreed, this just seemed like a bird's eye view of things. I've read accounts elsewhere that included recollections of actual conversations, including the words and tone that were used. That to me is more relevant as it provides context for what it was actually like. iTunes is certainly awful to use, but the interesting part of that story is not iTunes itself, but the work and negotiation that had to happen to license music from all the major labels to populate the iTunes marketplace. Sony had a huge first-mover advantage in that space (their own global music label, movie studio, video game console AND the Walkman brand), but was too busy forcing its disparate businesses to compete against each other. The end result being that they completely missed the boat on the then-nascent digital music market, and less than 15 years later, have spun off most of those brands and hardware-wise, Playstation aside, are limited to making (very nice) camera sensors for iPhones. I've always thought that engineer blogs tend to use this Paul Graham 1990s CSS styling as a sort of "content-first" badge of honour. >What makes the parents of an anchor baby more deserving of citizenship than a person who worked hard, went to school and developed skills useful to the US? I can't say, as I didn't write the laws. My guess is that US immigration law is designed to limit skilled immigration because educated Americans in white collar jobs can raise a bigger stink politically about H1B competition in high-wage industries than working class Americans can. As a foreign student who completed his undergrad education in the US, my student visa interview required me to show evidence that I would not try to use the F1 student visa to transition to H1B or a different visa class that can be linked to a green card application down the line. This is standard policy, as my friends who're also US-educated had the same questions during their interview. It's also difficult to enforce because once you're in the country and have completed your education, you can be recruited by a company who will sponsor your H1B, at which point the ICE will evaluate it as they would any other H1B application. So the whole rigmarole seems pointless to me, but that is bureaucracy for you. > I disagree. I do not think Kanye/Reuters/Trump/Chipotle/Intel would bat an eye to pay for the privilege to get a message out to millions of users. Maybe, but it's not like substitutes don't exist. All of the big brands you mentioned maintain Facebook and Instagram pages (some have Snapchat as well) in addition to Twitter, and both of those have more users and a bigger audience than Twitter does. If Kanye or Beyonce or whoever deactivated their Twitter, it wouldn't be long before others followed suit, which could create a snowballing impact of regular users abandoning Twitter to follow people to "where the action is", so to speak. Part of why Montreal is still reasonably priced is because the French-language barrier to entry keeps a lot of jobseekers out. The vast majority of Canadians outside of Quebec and the Ottawa region do not speak French. Sure, they all took French in high school, but most wouldn't be able to hold a conversation let alone conduct business in the language. Perhaps in some types of jobs with a lax rules about French proficiency, it would be OK, but you are unlikely to find a job listing in Montreal that doesn't state a requirement or "strong preference" for high-level French communication skills. > Higher taxes should come with the benefit of more services Daycare services in the province are absurdly cheap compared to anywhere else in the country. The trend of foreign investment in the Vancouver market has been occurring well before the slide of the CAD. The immigration regime in Canada is much friendlier to foreign nationals, and especially so if they are wealthy. Until 2014, the federal government had an investor visa program that offered a route to permanent residence and citizenship in exchange for $800,000 investment (not in real estate) and demonstrable assets of $1.6 million. http://www.cic.gc.ca/ENGLISH/immigrate/business/investors/in... The Vancouver economy is not 100% tech, there are many, many businesses (logistics, banking, retail, etc.) that have no exports to the US. Can I ask where you are getting your data? >Canadian PR status is permanent.... and can never be revoked That is incorrect. It can be revoked if the PR does not remain in Canada for at least 2 years of a 5 year period after it was issued. After the 5 year mark, most PRs have already transitioned to citizenship. http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/helpcentre/answer.asp?qnum=727&... > I'm starting to just read the comments on HN and I don't even look at articles anymore. I suppose this behaviour is similar to what I do on social media. But this is pretty damaging, wouldn't you say? Not too long ago, I would follow several consumer tech blogs, and jump right into the comments, because the stories were increasingly page-view driven garbage that needed 8 separate blog posts of ~200 words each to describe one story. The comments tended to provide much more insight than the actual "article". With HN, (which I've been visiting for This article could easily have been titled "Not all MBAs are created equal" and needed no further explanation. "Business schools constantly boast about the network students can tap into. Don’t be fooled. Do you need to pay thousands to meet middle managers from industries that you have no interest in?" I don't know about UK MBAs, but a cursory glance at the employment reports of any US MBA school will provide the names of companies that come on campus to recruit candidates. This is the first thing any prospective MBA student should be looking at when they're creating their shortlist of schools. If you are looking to get into consulting, those schools should have McKinsey, Deloitte, Accenture and the like on there. If you're interested in technology, Amazon, Google, Facebook etc. should be coming on campus. For finance, Goldman, JP Morgan, etc. An so on and so forth. If those names, or other high-profile names aren't on the list, you may not get your money's worth. An MBA has never been about the quality of the education you get, but rather about name recognition and how much pull the school has with recruiters. This is common knowledge for anybody doing even an hour's research into whether an MBA is right for them. That's the biggest flaw of this write-up. The writer appears to have done little to no research on his program before enrolling, and considers his support officer saying "you should have had all the money sorted" to be some sort of cold-world realization, which is absurdly irresponsible when you consider how much an MBA costs. I don't like using the word "entitled" to describe people, but I have to wonder about the conclusions he reaches about his teammates who didn't speak English well. They ended up in management consultancies, while he, the heroic working man struggling to teach them English, is interning at the Economist, a position that usually goes to undergraduates. Perhaps he should stop to consider that maybe they got their jobs because they attempted to network more, or simply showed up to their interviews without a chip on their shoulder as this writer seems to have. The whole writeup suggested the writer had an enormous chip on his shoulder for some reason; turns out you had to read to the end to find out what it was. Honestly, it sounds more like he didn't get into a top MBA program, and is paying the price. MBA programs are like law schools; the cost-benefit hinges enormously on how well the program is regarded. In my mind, this isn't a problem requiring a complicated tech-based solution, but one that requires a mindset change. Community colleges have long offered the sort of "job-ready" technical skills related to using machine tools, auto and home repair, electric, HVAC, aka the types of services that cannot be offshored. But at least in America, public consciousness is still fixated around this Cold War illusion of the American Dream that necessitates a 4-year college education. America seems to prize entrepreneurialism, only when it's the white-collar, Mark Zuckerberg variety because of the promise of fantastic wealth; people running their own businesses in plumbing, home repairs etc. don't get anywhere close to that level of respect. To some extent, technology-based solutions are already in play, with hundreds of thousands of people using online resources to learn web development and other skills. The vast majority however are learning these skills to simply keep up with the needs of their job or the job market, as with shorter average job stints these days, employers won't find it worth their while to provide or pay for that type of training. Adblockers like Ublock Origin already block that Taboola/Outbrain crap. Sadly Chrome Android doesn't allow for these, so I use Firefox Android, which fully allow extensions, 95% of the time when I'm on mobile. I don't agree that that's the case. To me, region-restrictions for US content (the most popular worldwide) present a massive opportunity for content creators not based in the US to make something that is in fact truly globally available. While it's true that US TV and movies have been globally popular since the time of their invention, the rise of YouTube, Vine, Instagram etc. show that global audiences can be developed without needing to be US centric. Your comment "this awesome clip the world is laughing and talking about" refers to SNL, but there are examples of viral videos that didn't originate from a big-name US studio. "Charlie bit my finger" and "Gangnam Style" are two examples. I don't think it's too much of a stretch that English-language long-form content (30-60 minute series) can be developed without having a "Made in America" imprimatur on it. Danish crime shows are popular in Europe and the UK, while Korean dramas are extremely popular in East Asian markets. Indian cinema is also popular in the Middle East, North Africa and parts of Southeast Asia. A small slice of British shows like Made in Chelsea have carved out a niche in English-speaking markets like the US, Canada and Australia. I hope production studios large and small across the world are seeing this as an opportunity to expand past their borders rather than simply continue "Business as usual" under the protectionism offered with these types of restrictive licensing rules. 48% of voters voted against Brexit. Even with an all-British advisory team, how do you reduce conflict of interest without first checking that all advisors are not just British, but also voted in favour of Brexit? Did Verizon know about the data breach before they agreed to the deal? What were Yahoo's obligations (if any) to disclose these things to a potential buyer? A breach of this scale can't help but take a huge bite out of Yahoo's brand value and user trust. A friend recently recommended the 7-week tuition-free Data Science intensive program at Insight Data Science ( http://insightdatascience.com/ ). The program is specifically for PhDs who are in your position, aka moving from academia to industry. I believe the course is available in Boston, New York and remotely (not 100% sure of the latter). I'm in a similar boat. I studied Economics in undergrad, but I only have a Masters (in an unrelated field) so I didn't meet the critieria. I have had this enabled for a few months (basically as soon as I discovered it). The problem is that it seems to be working off of a static list of bots that is updated at intervals. Kind of like the need to update virus definitions on your AV software way back in the day. The end result of this is that instead of seeing referrals from "share.button.to" and the like, I still see them, just under a different name. Well most likely the oldest way would work best: go into business, make mistakes, build business acumen. If you're just starting out, I recommend reading business books that are good at explaining things like value proposition, market creation, etc, but also have a compelling narrative. One book I really like is "The Everything Store" that is a brief history of Amazon.com and the challenges they faced as one of the few high-profile survivors of the dotcom boom. Another I've enjoyed reading is "Losing the Signal", which covers BlackBerry's rise and fall, starting from its origins in the 1980s to its struggle to adapt to the consumer smartphone age. It's a great read because BB originally began as a telecom engineering company that developed a once-insurmountable advantage in enterprise communications. >I don't see how the world's ~sixth largest economy succeeding from the world's 1st/2nd largest is good for the latter. Seems clear to me. California, like Texas, has the largest concentration of Electoral College votes within a single state. While TX is reliably Republican, CA is reliably Democrat. Since Trump lost the popular vote by a large margin, a CA-exit would be highly beneficial to his re-election efforts. CA is obviously an economically important state and a CA-exit would be enormously disruptive to the US economy. That said, the impacts might not be felt by the time the re-election campaign begins. And even if they are felt by that time, the current state of American civic literacy, combined with the disproportionate size of older voter blocs is still enough to win elections by ignoring the reality of automation on jobs and blaming weak job markets on globalization, immigration and trade deals. This was in the Style section, so I suppose they have to humanize their subjects, even if the subject is a reclusive billionaire whose daily life does not even remotely resemble ours. I agree with the spirit of what this is trying to promote, but its target audience likely considers themselves to be "critical thinkers" already and feel its everybody else who needs this kind of course. That said, why does it have to be set up like a college course? Not only did looking at the site bring back memories of freshman year crit analysis courses, the way in which their proposed structure is laid out is completely out of sync with the way in which people absorb information today. Fake news is shared widely because it's easy and doesn't require much mental exertion of the sharer/reader. The people most likely to share this kind of provocative "viral" content do not even have a working common-sense bullshit meter. Yet the well-meaning people behind the course think they're ready move from 200 word blog posts with a black-and-white view of the world to college-level reading? I'd suggest looking at the UX/UI of an app like Google Primer (bite sized lessons on digital marketing) and see if that model can be applied here. Probably not Primer is designed to provide on-the-go info while this is designed as an actual college course. Serious accessibility concerns on that site. Unreadable on most mobile browsers. At least on desktop I have 'reading mode' and 'color invert' extensions. Plus, what is up with that incredibly thin font? I've only ever seen that use for a sub-headline on a product landing page. Never as the body text font. The story of their reaction to the iPhone is a bit more nuanced. It's fleshed out in more detail in the book "Losing the Signal" which is a look at RIMM from it's inception in the 1980s up to around 2013 when their market share had collapsed. Basically, both Lazaridis and Balsillie agreed that they should downplay the innovation in the iPhone when in public. Internally however, they were scrambling to build a competitor because Verizon told them to. RIMM's business was very heavily tied into US and international carriers and serving enterprise clientele, and none of them had asked for anything like the iPhone, so they just never bothered. For everyone on this thread saying "They should have done this years ago", they tried to. As early as 2010 some in the company knew that BBM could be huge as an independent. Then CEO Jim Balsilie spent 2011 trying to bring Mike Lazaridis (co-CEO; good decision!) and his team around the to idea of a cross-platform BBM, but they were dealing with the fallout from the BB Playbook failure around that time as well as significant PR issues due to BES server outages and public disclosure about providing the Indian and UAE governments access to BBM logs (or something like that). Lazaridis primarily didn't want to separate hardware and software, so he focused on building BB10 to compete with iOS/Android. Ballsilie resigned from the company in 2012 after the new CEO Thorsten Heins dumped the x-platform BBM and put all their energies into the launch of the already-doomed BB10 phones in 2013. More here: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/the-inside... A good book about the history of BB is "Losing the Signal". Covers the company up to around 2013. Adblockers have kept YT totally-ad free on desktop for years. I'm surprised Google hasn't found a workaround for this. I rarely access the Youtube app because of the constant ads; plus, I don't find the mobile experience to be as good as the desktop one. Nothing's stopping Google from simply charging people to access Youtube. The reason they don't do it is because YT offers network effects and user lock-in that have significant economic benefits. I trust that a large corporation with some of the smartest minds in the world working there would have changed the YT business model if they were worried about their bandwidth costs. Because Google today is Microsoft from the late 90s-mid 2000s; a million projects in every single possible market, with little to no unification across the commmon platform. Android OS alone has no less than 3 Google-made messaging apps: Hangouts, Allo and Duo. That's the Spotify strategy as well, at least when they're advertising their own premium service to free-tier users. They intentionally make the audio ads have the worst possible narrators and background music. And the Japanese post-WW2. Toyota was considered to be the poor man's Ford until at least the 1970s. Samsung and LG were mocked as artless copiers of Sony/Panasonic/Pioneer products as recently as the 90s. My LG Incite from 2008 running Windows Mobile 6.1 had an FM Radio, as did my HTC HD2 from around the same time. There were multiple Sandisk Sansa series MP3 players that came with FM built-in as well. I remember the iPod did not offer FM without a dongle, probably because they didn't want radio to compete with the iTunes Store. It's probably not that different now. Lots of Android phones today (carrier subsidized or otherwise), now come with Spotify, Tidal or Google Play Music pre-installed. It worries me that a regulatory body makes a public safety case for FM radio and won't even attempt to ask manufacturers to simply activate what is already there, in deference to "the free market". So now pushing for regulation is disrespecting "the rule of law"? Developments like this make me wish that "open-source" device+OS projects like Mokophone and Firefox OS failed to gain traction. That is how I read it as well. Something written with absurdly transparent levels of self-interest. After attending a recent hackathon focused on this topic, I came away thinking most of the solutions were emphasizing some kind of automated fact checking solution. I don't know if that alone will fix it. Fake news exists because people want to believe it, and are willing to lower their bullshit meters in order to use the article as "ammunition" in a political argument with their friends/family/Twitter egg. People aren't looking for "antivirus" tools to stop fake news; they're actively looking to share links that confirm their view of the world. It doesn't even matter if the link has a "wordpress.org" or "blogspot.com" domain. We live in a time when people don't even read the articles, they just look at the headline and jump into the comments to fight someone. To fight fake news effectively, perhaps we need to do a better job of uncovering why people apparently have so much time to spend on the Internet to argue with people they'll never meet. Perhaps while we're at it, we could also look into why we have a political system where legalized bribery ('lobbying') gives preferential access to the powerful. We're at the point where winning elections is based less on getting enough people to agree with your vision, and more on playing one group of disaffected voters off against another. I wish you luck, but I believe this is a people problem, not a tech problem. It's frankly quite shocking that Google's ad results are displayed with pretty much the same look and feel of their search results. Yes, the more tech-savvy among us will see the "Ad" button in gold, and those with ad-blockers won't see the ads at all. But just a few years ago, Google's ads would appear in a sidebar, clearly separated from the search results content. Not everyone is able to tell the difference today, and I think Google exploits this. I recently activated a new B2B website for an client and the senior manager was an older gentleman in his 50s. He never uses the browser address bar to navigate to websites, preferring instead to use the Google search box on his homepage. He sent me a panicked email saying when he typed in the new website's name, the Google search results showed competitors' names ahead of his. This was well after Google had crawled the site and it was showing up on the results page. As it turned out, he did not understand that the first few results he was seeing were ads. While he isn't a savvy user, I would wager that many, many people are similar to him in that they don't exercise good judgement when they're on the web and would easily be fooled into thinking that something like "proton therapy" is a cure for cancer because it's at the top of the search results. The difference with FB was that it rapidly shifted out of its "exclusive" user group by expanding outside of university email address holders to allowing everyone and their grandma from joining. Once Snap inevitably cleans up its UI to stoop to trying to attract older audiences, what appeal will it have? I used to have Windows Phone up until 2012, and can tell you that the Hubs things did not really work as intended, as changes to the Twitter/FB/whathaveyou API usually broke functionality. I especially remember FB messages taking hours to arrive sometimes...at its fastest there would be a delay of several minutes. So much for "instant messaging". At least back then you could still access messages in the browser. Blackberry also implemented the Hubs feature in its BB10 and Android devices, but again functionality is pretty limited, by design. IM is a big business, and the companies behind it aren't interested in your using them outside of their own app, as you'd be deprived of using "innovations" like Stories, GIF addons and emoji packs. Every discussion on Twitter on HN talks about UX issues like the threaded comment layout, as though these are what's responsible for driving away Twitter's audience. I think the simple answer is that you don't actually have to ever visit Twitter to know what Trump, Nicki Minaj, Drake etc. are saying. Whatever is said on a tweet will be screen-capped and re-reported on your favourite gossip website, news site, Instagram page, reddit, etc. That's what you get with a 140-character limit. Whatever you said or pic you snapped can easily be reproduced on a different medium in its entirety. This isn't 2010, when US smartphone adoption was growing exponentially and the "app economy" was in full swing. The majority of smartphone owners have had phones for a few years now and know exactly which apps they need on a daily basis, be it messaging, social media, games, note-taking, nutrition, transportation, etc. For everything else mobile websites are more than good enough to cover their needs I imagine. Had Microsoft's acquisition strategy been different, they could have significantly boosted WM's hopes. The lack of official apps for Whatsapp and Instagram on WP were user's biggest complaints by far. Facebook bought Instagram in 2012 and Whatsapp in 2014 for a combined total of $20 billion. In roughly the same period, Microsoft bought Skype, Minecraft and LinkedIn for a total of around $36 billion, the bulk of that accruing to LI's price. I get that MS is enterprise-focused, but those prices seem completely out of whack with what they actually got in value. Whatsapp, Google and Apple all offer built in video chat for consumers and LI's value to anyone outside of recruiting agencies is dubious. > It's a kind of wealth distribution, nothing more. If this is truly how you feel, why not try to add value for your clients instead of just taking the money and not contributing? I work in digital marketing and what I do, among other things involves: - conducting split testing experiments to evaluate which types of marketing copy or site UX lead to better conversion - evaluating client's web properties to improve SEO, things like semantic content layout, redirect types (301 v 302 etc), accessibility, logical information architecture - writing code for custom event tracking, implementing schema-based markup for better search engine discoverability - creating outreach campaigns via email, social and paid search channels, each of which requires has its own KPIs and require a fair amount of domain knowledge to implement and measure effectively - analyzing search trend data to figure out if the product copy language is similar to what users are searching for She could have, but that would be the response of a defensive witness. What on earth does FB have to be defensive about? Absolutely nothing will come from these hearings aside from "this is a complicated problem and we are trying our best" style responses. The shareholders certainly don't care and House/Senate representatives are terrified of even attempting to make a case for stronger oversight because of the risk of appearing "anti-business". > but once they realize it takes actual work to get this company from Elon's wild dream If what you claim was true, Musk is not good at picking people. CxO level hires are not people who managed to breeze through an HR phone interview, they are vetted by the CEO himself. The "property industry" is doing just fine seeing as how they are the ones selling top-shelf commercial leases in bulk to WeWork. "Success" for these types of companies is similar to their tedious "we can change the world" mantra in that neither have any basis in reality. They have racked up a $723 million loss and are on the hook for $4b in new spending, and yet they are a 'decacorn'. They are propped up through investment capital alone. No wonder they have to roll out these absurd claims of expanding into education, daycare and town-building. I agree, I personally think Amazon's site layout is hideous. I never spend time on the front page, I go straight to the search bar and then straight to the pics and reviews section of the product page. The product pages are often cluttered and ugly as well. I think the reason the design persists is because Amazon is basically the granddaddy of ecommerce and like Ebay, their old-school look is part of their brand identity. Sure, they'll introduce more and more ads as time goes on, but probably nothing truly dramatic as FB's news feed. I think it's "[search term' -pinterest.com], but I'd need to double check. GIS has started to de-emphasize Pinterest hits though, but for some queries like "furniture", there's probably still tons of hits from there. True,but I work in a UX role and for a moderate-to-large website, "good UX" means a basic responsive design with a logical information architecture and navigation that optimizes conversion (e.g. product purchases). Good UX is business-driven and businesses are often boring. I'm not a huge fan of this particular design but I do appreciate the effort they put into showcasing GSAP's capabilities. The web could use more interactivity and motion. The death of Flash and rise of mobile-first design seems to have led to websites where the only thing moving is the text/image content that's displaced once the ads on the page finish loading. Which is why there are so many braggy blog posts by engineering teams when they manage to build 60fps animations on modern browsers. I remember one article from Flipboard about getting native-like flip animations to work on their mobile site. They made it sound like they'd cracked cold fusion. Despite all of the improvements in browser support for JS/CSS driven animation since the glory days of Flash 10 years ago, the web seems more static and text/image heavy than ever. You seem to be linking the rise of ISIL to the Arab spring and ruling regime's corruption, without listing any related factors. ISIL was able to scale the way they did because they already controlled a good amount of territory in neighboring Iraq, which was in full-fledged civil war since at least 2006, a conflict in which the US spent significant amounts of the 'magic money' you mention. It's a good example for the audience he is speaking to. Everyone thinks of Jobs as a "creative", cut from a different cloth compared to tech CEOs of the time. It's easy to see his success as stemming from his refusal to do things the normal way. His barefoot hippy days at Reed and HP are also recognizable touch points of his early history, and covered extensively in the official biography, which no doubt was used as a source for this passage (of Newport's book). Of course the reality was more complicated; he was a deadbeat dad and needlessly perfectionist at times. But given the public image he created for himself, the Buddhism story is a good fit for the point the author is making. Only if they can restore the brand to its former household name glory. Time has been peddling awful, low-quality 'viral' content for years now. Their whole website, editorial voice and content quality need to be revamped. Hopefully it can be done. Journalism costs money to do well. > And all that "copy, art, offers, banner ads, ux, reporting, email marketing" hasn't worked that well for Evernote. But it has worked for companies like say, Airbnb, which in its inception was a glorified Craigslist, but today is the world's biggest "hotel company" by some metrics. I would wager there are just as many on HN in the "temporarily embarrassed millionaires" camp. They side against pro-labour practices, using many of the same arguments made by rich industrialists, because they feel it's only a matter of time before they themselves reach the top of the heap. District attorneys in New York state are elected, so prosecutors' KPIs are likely weighted towards convictions, especially if the AG ran on the ever-reliable "I'm tough on crime" platform. Voters will hear about the numbers of people jailed. Whether they were actually guilty of the crime is less important. > The internet is about freebooting until you hit a paywall. Just because something doesn't have a paywall doesn't mean the content creator intends for you to take his/her work with zero attribution. That's why those "Buy me a coffee"/"Donate to my Patreon" buttons exist. It's a way for the user to consume the information for free up front but have the option to support the creator. > Truly refreshing and reminded me of the attitude I saw more often in the early days of the web. Kudos to the author for that. Unfortunately, he has extended his well-meaning olive branch to companies built on the philosophy of Bill Gates' Open Letter to Hobbyists. I find Highcharts' pricing model to be pretty fair. It's free for personal sites and nonprofits so you can experiment with it as long as you need to before making a decision. For the paid licenses, I'd much rather pay a one-time fee than be on the hook forever with monthly fees. I don't see anything wrong with the letter; if you want to be paid for use of your software, that's reasonable. Gates basically expressed that he disagreed with the philosophy of the club. Nothing wrong with that. What's happening with Jguitar however is that a big tech player that exists because people pay for their software (iOS) setting a precedent where they're actively siphoning content outside the garden and feeding it back to users in their ecosystem, with no attribution or licensing deal with the creator. That's wrong, in the exact same way that homebrew Hackintosh machines built for sale are wrong. Seeing as how most corporate training videos still sit inside god-awful Flash or Java-applet based "corporate training" sites, and look like they were filmed in the mid-90s, I seriously doubt these poor employees are getting anything other than a basic stereoscopic video. Until megacorps like Microsoft, Adobe, Salesforce etc stop offering their bread-and-butter products on a fee per user per month basis, the whole automation thing is still going to need people to make it happen. The $1/yr thing was BS. The app never actually took you to a payment screen; I think it was "free for 1 year, $1/yr afterwards". The only time I have ever paid for Whatsapp was in the Blackberry App Store back in 2009, when it cost $3. > Instead, because people do not seem inclined to naturally believe that corporations might have ulterior motives People worship at the altar of success, and there aren't many relatively new companies as profitable as FB. That's not to say that these companies don't spend significant coin in pushing their inane message of "we're connecting the world" wherever they can. And mass media for the most part go along with it, mostly focusing on the stock price, rarely bothering to examine how FB makes its money and what tradeoffs that comes with. You might be interested in "Losing the Signal", a book about BlackBerry's rise and fall by Globe & Mail Journalists. It starts with Mike Lazaridis (the main BB engineer) adventures in repairing electronics in shop class in the '70s, to developing a lot of the communications technology necessary to launch the BB push email service. You could start simple by putting a rubber band around your wrist and pulling the the elastic band back and slapping it on your skin each time you're getting the urge. That'll help you become mindful about how often the urge happens, what time of day it happens etc. When I'm making a deal, I usually keep my mouth shut about it until every document that needs to be signed, has been signed. The Musk worship on here and the Internet in general has for too long overlooked his impulsive behaviour in the capacity of his CEO role. I can't be the only feeling a bit depressed that these highly valued companies are still in the "maximize eyeballs for advertising $" business. $75 billion for finding a way to keep people browsing low-content crap for longer. I'm certainly not singling out Chinese companies for this exact thing is the cornerstone of FB's business model and they're one of the biggest companies in the world. The infantilization of tech CEO culture could at least be explained by the ubiqiuity of college-aged founders. And yet I can't think of a single one that did something so obviously ill-advised, and tried to play it off as "it was just a joke bro". For a frame of reference, look at the difference in Zuckerberg's public statements as CEO today vs those he made as an obnoxious techbro CEO at age 20. Musk is close to 50 years old. Are we to believe a man of his age thinks a 420 reference would make his 30yo girlfriend laugh? Chrome is the biggest browser by market share and is maintained by a company whose entire business model revolves around tracking users to feed them ads. They have zero incentive to remove cookies. Same goes for Safari and Edge, even though they're not as dependent on ad revenue. This is a textbook example of negative externalities that can't be solved by market forces. That's where regulators should be stepping in. GDPR may affect Google's bottom line in EU markets (we are still awaiting proof as it's too early too tell). But seeing how the FCC dealt with the issue of net neutrality, I have serious doubts that they'd get anywhere near a consumer-first policy regarding Internet privacy. How many VC-backed startups were profitable before going public? Not many I can think of. Not any, really. That's why they push for growth instead of revenue or perish forbid, profits. It's easier then for the underwriter to create the pitch for potential investors. "Cash flow is negative but just look at those growth rates! Amazon made losses for 15 straight years,too yknow" For VCs, the IPO is the end, not the means to an end. For likely the same reason a cleaning service doesn't offer to show the customer what chemical mixture to use to clean an especially grimy tub or oven. The customer is paying for the convenience, not a tutorial, and the cleaners aren't in the "teach a man/woman to fish" business. I'm pretty sure he still doesn't. He just needs to boost the user numbers so the eventual takeover price tag isn't embarrassingly low. Likely because there aren't too many Economics majors on this forum (I am, BTW). From what I've seen on previous HN posts on economics topics, the discussion veers towards "Economics isn't a real science" variety, with the majority of the posts going back on forth on that comment, rather than the actual topic of the article. You can get an OK-quality condo for $400k, but it's definitely not going to be located in downtown or midtown. The condo fees I've seen however are unfortunately pretty high across the board, anywhere from from $500 to $900/month. London is approximately 2 hours driving from Toronto. Kitchener-Waterloo is similar. Only Hamilton is close to the 1 hour mark, and housing prices have been rising there as well. HN for me is still (touch wood) a relatively high quality discussion forum. That said, I could certainly do without: - Persistence of myopic and uninformed views about MBAs in tech and finance. No, MBAs do not get cushy jobs in top-tier firms because they know how to build a pricing model in Excel and look nice in a suit. Tons of MBAs have relevant industry experience, and they're there to work, not stifle innovation by implementing stack ranking or whatever in a frenzied rush to cut costs. - Comments on stories where a company commits wrongdoing: "I don't know why people are surprised, X has always behaved in this way. If you don't want [bad thing], then do [thing that inconveniences you but does nothing to hold the wrongdoer accountable]" - Elon Musk worship. I used to think it was just aspirational wealth worship, but now I'm starting to think people see him as a sort of Tony Stark figure, a misunderstood genius trying to save the world against all odds. Back in 2009 when Bing was new, it was laughed at by the average user, and initiatives to build a user base with Bing cashback deals were seen as an admission of failure from the people that brought you IE. Since then, Bing has grown significantly in search volume and ad revenue. While DDG likely can't reach Microsoft's market share as quickly, I see no reason why we it can't keep growing and help develop a competitive market for search options. I do think DDG needs to approximate some of Google's knowledge graph features, like displaying weather and sports scores in an easy-to-read mini dashboard. I think that'd be one way for people (like me) to add it as a bookmark and create the habit of entering search queries into DDG as opposed to Google. It's important for me to have a permanent digital copy of the music I pay for. The modern streaming services' subscription model doesn't allow for that. Worse still, rather than being a dumb pipe, which is literally what cyber lockers were, they now have to be a taste-making platform, a modern MTV trying to shape our preferences and stuffing ads anywhere they can. I find the music I want by reading community based sources like Last.fm, RateYourMusic, genre-specialist website, reviews on personal blogs, and magazines/web publications I trust (e.g. the Quietus). Thankfully sites like Bandcamp is still around, and offer a decent way to discover new artists and get DRM-free downloads, no questions asked. I did not know about this. I'm pretty inexperienced in this area, so I appreciate the heads up about that. Try going to a coffee shop w/ wifi if you have one nearby. See if you're more productive without having a TV in the environment. Note that you may just be tired after getting home from work, and turning the TV on may just be a cue for your brain to get out of "office mode" and into "home mode". Instead of turning on the TV when you get home, try putting your phone on mute, and meditating for 5 minutes. Pray tell, what did Reddit change to make r/all less fun for you? Considering the complete meltdown that occurred when r/fatpeoplehate was banned, I can't imagine much of value was lost. For those who don't remember the meltdown I'm referring to, for a few days after FPH was banned, its users brigaded every big sub and upvoted photoshopped pictures of Ellen Pao's face on to the body of a morbidly obese person. It was possibly the most childish form of acting out I'd ever seen. > r/all was a place to check the pulse of the online community. News rose to the top FAST. A pulse that has always depended on upvotes and downvotes, and thus has always been susceptible to being gamed. The reason subs like r/t_d were blocked from r/all was because they did this exact thing; their posts would receives thousands of upvotes within minutes of posting, yet the upvotes-to-comments ratio was always very low, meaning real people weren't engaging with the content as much as the bots were. > The general consensus has shifted to be much less like the pragmatic tech community (value in free speech and rights along with being a good person) to a virtue signaling group that values feelings over anything else. I hear this a lot, without much in the way of concrete examples. Each time the free speech issue gets raised, it results in angry redditors creating their own "virtue signaling" offshoot subs like "r/uncensored_news". Unsurprisingly, it attracts the most toxic members of the community until it consists almost entirely of hate speech, and the site admins are forced to ban it. And I say 'forced' because that's what it is; just because r/whiterights and other subs have been banned doesn't mean there aren't hate subs on Reddit still operating freely. The admins to this day still allow for a live and let live approach UNTIL a real-world event forces them to take action. r/incels was a growing community until the Toronto van attack for example. Very nice! I am getting an IndieHackers vibe from this (which is a good thing). I definitely think there's a need for a curated list of UX reads, so thanks for putting this together. I would advise against the dark background though, it makes things harder to read as your eyes aren't able to make out the grid of elements as clearly. Like the aforementioned IndieHackers, if you want to go dark, use a not-quite-black shade, like a dark purple or dark blue. I would imagine they have it in tax shelters worldwide because they can hire the best tax lawyers and accountants, those who work in firms that actively lobby to keep arcane loopholes open so their client fees keep flowing in. If the company is publicly traded, executives' acquisition or disposal of stock is publicly disclosed through SEC Form 4: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1512673/000120919118... In October 2018 (so far), Jack Dorsey redeemed 103,035 shares @ a rough average of $80, bringing in $8,242,800 cash (pre-tax). > If you want an example of why you can't whimsically tax businesses for whatever you want, When in the history of post-WW2 America has there been a situation where politicians have both the votes and the leverage to impose these kinds of frivolous taxes on corporations with the resources to fight them? The mere fact that "lobbying" in the US is not called bribery, like it is everywhere else, means that a local politician's spine is only as erect as the size of the cheque he gets for his/her 're-election efforts'. They work with the taxman to figure out a payment plan over time. Tax payments can be deferred under GAAP, and also by the IRS if the entity isn't able to pay. > Jack doesn't think that this is the "best" way to solve homelessness. Whats the best way, since clearly he knows about it, and why isn't he doing it? This is by far the most irritating thing about reading CEO's "success story" profiles. It's always about going to market with the MVP, because if you wait long enough to make it perfect, the opportunity is lost to a competitor. But when it comes to tax policy, the plan has to be perfect and not annoy anyone and anything less should be rejected outright. You're right, it's far from a perfect analogy. And the electoral cycle means that the tax might not be in place long enough for it to make a measurable impact. My comment was more about the way in which taxes are discussed in American political discourse; there is this implication of a rigid permanence, as though such policies can never be reversed. They absolutely can; as you pointed out, incumbents can lose to candidates who promise to repeal the tax. Regarding repairability, the mid-2000s Dell Latitude line (D600, D620, D630 etc) had similar repairability as well. I worked at my college's IT helpdesk back then and the repairs were easy to make for even student employees whose only reference points were the Dell Service Manual and a couple of training sessions. I am curious to know if that is still the case. He said "without the complicated stuff" and "Dreamweaver". Github Pages is all command-line and uses Git for file transfer, does it not? I think the OP is thinking drag-and-drop folders through FTP like good ol' Dreamweaver. It sounds nice in theory, but let's face it, a Linux laptop will not make money. In fact, because it is targeting such a narrow, "know-it-all" segment of the market, it will be nitpicked to death. - "Trackpad on Macbook Pro is better" - "LED 1080p screen. Why not IPS 2k screen?" - "Wanted one but the base config is awful and I'm not paying $____ for 16GB RAM and 512GB SSD" - "Why aren't they offering next business day support like Dell/HP/etc?" Burning Man is like the pilgrimage to Mecca for a lot of SV cultists. Saying no to an invite would mark you as a heretic who's just not a good 'culture fit'. > My generation grew up with TV shows like The Transformers that got kids to beg their parents for toys. But the addiction component wasn't built-in the way it is now. Everyone remembers "Saturday morning cartoons with cereal" because there was a set time and place for that event. After the episode ended, it didn't auto-play the next episode, or recommend 5 highly similar shows based on your "viewing history". Consider that "bingeing" is a commonly accepted term when it refers to consuming an entire season of a show in one sitting and companies like Netflix churn out TV shows with a focus on this "bingeability", because that's their differentiator compared to regular TV. I'm not who you're responding to, but I like this longread from the Verge about the specific design of slot machines that fuel addictive behaviour by users: https://www.theverge.com/2015/5/6/8544303/casino-slot-machin... Advertising to kids happens through Youtube and Instagram, not those ugly Adsense iframes that can be spotted a mile away and at this point fall under "banner blindness" for a lot of users. I'm not a gamer so I don't know much about Zelda, but the sort of hypnotic hold some Youtube/Insta personalities have on kids is astonishing. They will parrot their talking points, talk about them relentlessly with friends and buy whatever they're shilling, be it makeup, game guides, phone skins, what have you. It would be an issue if the cost of the project had a material impact on the company's finances. Usually the auditors work with the CFO to determine materiality. It goes without saying that stating a production capacity of 20k/month and barely making 10% of that, is more likely to be a material misstatement. You make it sound like Tesla's hypothetical private investors wouldn't have legal recourse if the CEO missed his production target by 96%. 86% of Tesla's shares are held by insiders or institutions. I don't know any retail investors that have the WSJ's ear, or think that a news article is all it takes to tank the stock. If you are a CEO who's partial to headline-grabbing stunts over listening to what your corporate counsel is telling you about what you can legally announce, then yeah, you shouldn't go public. > I’m not a lawyer, but I think Tesla has a lawyer, probably several, that know exactly how far company officers can go regarding making public projections. They can't do much if the CEO loves headlines and says whatever it takes to stay in them. What should Musk argue in his defense then? "My engineers are too modest about their abilities, so I took their estimations and multiplied them by 1,000, because I truly believed they could do it?" Apples to oranges. Theranos was never public, which is why they managed to escape scrutiny for years and "achieve" a multi-billion dollar valuation for a product that didn't even work. Tesla on the other hand has been public for a while and actually makes working cars. They are however strapped for cash and the CEO may have made material misstatements about production capability in order to borrow more money. Theranos' fraud seemed to be driven by simple greed. I don't think Musk is a fraudster, but his ego and immaturity is starting to overshadow what he's trying to accomplish. I would say yours is the edge case. For US users, when they see an on-screen message saying "There's way more features in the app", they go ahead and download the app, and soon forget they ever even accessed it as a mobile website. FB has deliberately hobbled its mobile site in slow increments over the years to drive the maximum possible number of users to the app. This came up (albeit regarding Instagram ads) at a Seattle conference I was at a couple of weeks ago. It was during a talk about the future of video ads. An FB engineer was one of the panelists, so an audience member relayed a story of him having a conversation about a product with a friend, and then seeing an ad for that exact product in his Instagram timeline. The Blackberry story is an interesting one. They kept growing in the aftermath of the iPhone through corporate sales because enterprise preferred the tight integration between BES and Active Directory, and they liked that BB phones could have nearly the same draconian IT lock-down policy as office computers. Even after growth stalled, they had a ton of cash to keep their operations afloat. But they burned up a lot of it in manufacturing the Playbook tablet, which was a big flop. Interestingly, Blackberry Messenger had 75 million subscribers in 2011, and had a similar cachet of exclusivity as early FB, when signups were limited to those with .edu addresses. CEO Jim Balsillie pushed for BBM to become a cross-platform software product, but his co-CEO wanted to focus on devices and security, and not build software for other platforms. We all know how that ended. this point was made in, of all places, an episode of Parks & Recreation in 2012 where the moderator at a political debate has to read out a typo-filled question posed to the candidates, and remarks mockingly "and this question is from Twitter, which is something we are apparently doing now". Honestly, I can't think of any suggestion coming from Twitter execs that would actually solve its usability issues, because they are still approaching it from the POV that Twitter is "bringing humanity closer" or serving some other kind of higher purpose. When all you have to do is spend 10 minutes on Twitter to realize it's full of political bots, crypto scam bots, humans with short fuses, and celebrities shilling their snake oil products. I remember playing boatloads of old-school Flash games in the mid-2000s. Never saw a single ad in-game. When Jobs wrote his "On Flash" open letter, I thought at the time he was pushing for a mobile-friendly equivalent of what Flash offered. It was years later I realized he was really only pushing to keep the walled garden "app store" the dominant distribution model for interactive mobile content, with Apple taking a cut of every dollar spent. I really hope HTML5 games sitting on simple websites go back to being a thing. I'd like to see more of this type of 'stress testing' of adtech networks, conducted by third parties, with the methodology and results made available to the public. Programmatic advertising is a black box as far as ad buyers and ad viewers are concerned. And it is exactly for this reason that companies can claim to have "machine learning based fraud detection systems" or whatever and have those claims go unchallenged. Vice didn't actually run the ads. They received approval from FB to do so. He is a billionaire married to a VS supermodel. At this point, he's more likely to squander all his money and make reality TV appearances to make ends meet, than turn Snap around. Reddit for me is an acceptable middle point between the community-specific vBulletin forums of the 2000s (largely deserted now), and modern social media. You can explore a wide variety of topics (like on social media sites) while keeping anonymity and a sense of community (in dedicated subreddits). When people say Reddit is 4chan-lite, I see where they're coming from. They're not signed in, so all they see is r/all, which has about the same quality level as the front page of Youtube. The trick to it is to install the Reddit Enhancement Suite browser extension and start blocking the subs that frequently post low-quality/hate speech/just plain irritating content. Block a sub from your home page once, it never comes back. Wish I could say the same for Youtube. I swear, you watch ONE Bill Burr standup clip, and your recs are suddenly full of "feminist gets pwned by redpill logic" and other "viral" garbage videos, each of which has to be manually set to "Not Interested". You're right, they must have been showing ads of some sort. I simply don't remember any; perhaps they weren't that egregious or so numerous that I would recall it ~13 years later. I know I didn't have any adblockers installed on my PC until at least 2010, so I must have seen them if there were any. > Regular people happily use their iPhones, Facebook, Uber, AirBnB... So when Uber circumvented the law to allow anybody to become a taxi driver, thereby hurting drivers who played by the rules, and the media reports on that, they can be safely ignored because they didn't interview a happy user of the app? Regular people happily use non-biodegradable plastic bags. Maybe the old media should hold off on reporting on its consequences until the oceans have been completely liberated of marine life. 10,000 data points is well within the range of what Excel can handle without needing PowerQuery. What type of analyses are you attempting? I wish it could be made more apparent to people that Twitter and FB are not mediums for communication, but mediums for marketing broadcasts. Everyone with a significant following (let's say 100,000) is selling something. Software, home goods, consultants with online courses, meme pages angling for a TV deal, something. Yes, you can still use it to communicate with a core group of people whose tweets you enjoy. You can also do that on Slack, Discord, even phpBB forums, all of which grant the user more permissions to use the tool as they like. > They went into the market and they chose. Who are you to second-guess them? The users are the ones second-guessing themselves. If all was fine and dandy on Twitter, there wouldn't be harassment mobs and people wouldn't be complaining. Decisions are not set in stone forever and aren't made with perfect information. What seemed like a good choice then may be sub-optimal now that users understand some of the design decisions that led Twitter to gravitate towards a marketing broadcast platform. 1) He's rich and directly benefits from the tax cuts. 2) The cuts to social services don't affect people in his pay grade. 3) He lives in a gated community and wouldn't be targeted for harm by the sort of people that are now emboldened to say the quiet part out loud. 4) He founded Palantir and wants to secure more government contracts 5) His experience with being outed by Gawker (completely unethical IMO) probably also led to him viewing "the media" as a monolithic force out to get him. No political party in the world supports "unfettered globalization". If that were so, WTO conferences would not drag on for years because countries were deadlocked over relaxing agricultural subsidies. > his political ideology is a hot mess of inconsistency That's what happens when you treat "libertarianism" as the immutable word of God. Doesn't translate to the way human society works. [flagged] Why are you framing your question as though there aren't 10s of millions of Americans who live somewhere between "billionaire" and "poverty level". They are the And unlike Thiel, they don't have access to accountants that can shuttle their cash away into tax shelters or lobbyists who will buy off politicians for peanuts to get them to vote for even more cuts. The Vanguard Total Stock Market Fund (VTI or VTSMX) increased 66% between Oct 2012 - Oct 2016 [1]. That's a 10.1% CAGR. Are you sure you "didn't gain anything to speak of"? [1]: https://investor.vanguard.com/etf/profile/vti Looked it up for Canada. 54% of all private employers are companies of 1-4 people. "Of the 1,167,978 employer businesses active in Canada, micro-enterprises (firms with 1 to 4 employees) constitute 54.1 percent of all private employers, which is the largest SME group." https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/061.nsf/eng/h_03018.html#table... The screen adaptations of Gordon Gecko, Patrick Bateman and Jordan Belfort's stories make me think that a lot changes between the time production starts on a screenplay and when the cinema reels roll off the assembly lines. Studio execs do test screens and decide to glamorize the debauchery to extreme levels and give it tons of screen time, because "that's what the people want". So at the end of the movie, you no longer merely empathize with the antagonist, but end up idolizing him. Why else do college bros know the "Greed is Good" speech by heart? Or Bateman's opening monologue in his apartment? I don't think it's as complicated as all that. I am in Canada and the truth is with 35 million people, you just aren't going to have giant companies with 10,000+ staff. Outside of a few companies in oil+gas, forestry, transport, telecom and banks, most companies can get by with a few hundred employees. Of course, some of Canada's globally renowned companies have faded too. Blackberry used to employ 14,000 people in Canada as recently as 2011, but they're probably about 20% of that size today. 1) Send a staff member from the target country to grease the wheels of the local government officials 2) If that doesn't work, bribe them outright 3) Take a piece of the gargantuan bond issue contract, do whatever it takes to get people to buy those pieces of paper, including cooking the books 4) Collect year-end bonus and absolve yourself of all responsibility after the deal is done. It's the same playbook every time. Greece in 1999, Libya in the post-Gaddafi era, and now Malaysia. Probably many others that I'm not even aware of. I'm scapegoating the audience. They're the ones lapping this shit up. Bateman, Gecko and Belfort (I'll throw in Tyler Durden here as well) were all cautionary tales, they are sociopaths you want to avoid, not emulate. But just the opposite has happened; they are revered by fans specifically for their lack of ethics because of how "badass" it came off on screen. Algorithms are trained by real world data. If Twitter claimed that it is 'impartial', it would be fundamentally false (you cannot create a perfectly representative sample, and god knows how many propaganda bots are pushing up their DAUs). Worse still, it would communicate to advertisers that if Twitter's algos can be gamed so easily, its user base is 'low quality' and not worth serving ads to. Author seems to have missed a big reason for why apps will continue to persist: they obscure data access permissions far better than browsers do. If you install FB messenger, Instagram, LinkedIn or whatever, you will be asked one time which permissions (location, microphone, contacts) you want to grant it, and most people won't even review the list before hitting Install. On the web, the browser dialog will ask you each time the app wants to access any of these things, whereas on the app, it'll quietly continue the use the permissions you granted it, and eventually you'll forget you signed off on them in the first place. Not to mention some particularly shameless actors will gimp their mobile web functionality to ensure you use their app at all times (FB, Airbnb, others). > Or, the mobile app experience is better, and the overlay link is a convenience For whom is it better? Me, the customer, or you, the vendor? I buy furniture from Wayfair's website, and browse on the site quite often. On the mobile site, I'm able to view products, add/remove them from a wishlist, and make a purchase. All from a browser with ad and tracking blockers enabled. Wayfair still puts a "Download the app!" popup on the site, even though it can see from my repeated visits and purchases that I primarily use the mobile site. I imagine it's because on an app, notifications are opt-out and tracking is continuous. > Tesla stockholders must be very, very optimistic about its future performance or about their ability to flip the stock to the next buyer while the going is still good. That reputation came about due to their notorious review of the Nokia Lumia 900 in 2012. The reviewer gave it lower numerical scores than the iPhone on various factors like ergonomics and camera even though the review text didn't imply that it was lower quality. That led to accusations of Apple bias, especially because of editor Topolsky's love of all things Apple back during his Engadget days. I think it's still their most-commented article ever. Appreciate you responding to this thread. Now that you're here: I love Pocket, but I feel the "Discover" feature could be greatly improved. I do find great articles in there, but you could spare your users some scroll fatigue by giving them more options on the Context Menu's "Hide This". Right now the options aren't great, because when I hit "It's not Relevant to Me" on yet another Medium.com article about Gary Vee and "the hustle", it doesn't seem to change the number of low-quality recommendations I get on this topic from similarly low quality domains like "forbes.com" and "huffingtonpost.com". Letting users filter out certain domains (like how you can filter subreddits using RES extension) would be a great way to restrict the "Discover" feature to high quality stuff. That alongside the original unfiltered, content (called "Top Reads" for example) would give me the best of both worlds. I hope you'll consider it! "10 ways in which billionaires pay attention to the right things". There, now your post has a Medium-worthy title. Nothing wrong with curating good quality design work and posting it for others to see; I'll probably come back to check out more of the feed. But why on earth is this listed on Product Hunt? This is a website with links to other people's content. A million sites with URLS like something.blogspot.com have done the exact same thing you have. What makes this a "product"? > just to publish something Every blogger knows there is no money in "content mill" style writing. they publish this pseudo-self help stuff to generate leads for their ebooks and training seminars. I'm not the person you're replying to, but here goes: It's not 2011 anymore, back when the mobile web was trash because companies maintained both a desktop site and a severly gimped "m.desktop.com" site. Back then you pretty much had to have apps if you wanted to capture the mobile market. Today, we have mature Add to Home Screen capability, GPS support, push notifications, widespread support for CSS3 hardware acceleration, PWAs, offline capabilities and much more. You can now make Uber and Lyft trips on the mobile web. That is a use case where I had previously thought I would always need to have the app installed. So with that in mind, why would I even want to open the dumpster fire that is Google Play/App Store in 2018? If it's a new company I haven't heard of, I am sure as hell not about to open the app store and download > 50MB on my data plan to check you out. Doesn't Apple tend to buy relatively unknown companies and fold their IP into their products? Beats Audio was the only major one I remember them absorbing, and was rebranded as Apple Music. But Beats had that upscale demographic and positive brand image that Apple covets so dearly, whereas Yelp feels very much like a bygone brand of the 2010s IPO rush (along with Groupon and Foursquare). Not sure Apple would be interested. They can just pay for the POI data. Why buy the cow when all you need is the milk? What you are describing sounds like a lot of work for not much payoff, and that's not what you pursue once you IPO. Yelp just became yet another "we sell ads" company, and that's not surprising considering that it was basically an online directory with reviews. The nature of how we browse the web has fundamentally changed since the days when Flash was king. What is the point of investing in a gorgeous website if the audience has moved over to FB/Twitter/Insta and are now acclimatized to scrolling through endless content feeds for a slight hit of dopamine. By Googling "cool sites", you've stumbled upon the crux of the issue. The site that ranks at the top is the SEO-optimized, but incredibly cookie-cutter, template-heavy Awwwards, which is a back-patting congratulatathon of creative directors at design agencies. So of course the websites featured are their own. I'm sure at some point they wanted to feature real client websites, but chances are those were mini-sites created for specific campaigns, and were taken offline after the campaign ended. > Not every website has to make money. They can entertain just by the virtue of being interactive. This is exactly how I remember the best Flash sites of the 2000s. They weren't creating interactives to drive some lead gen campaign, or sell their blockchain-based SaaS or whatever; it was made purely because it was cool and fun to use. Some portfolio websites for UI and FE developers still have this feel. > We did gain apps though. So I guess there's that. I get the sarcasm, but IMO, I'd rephrase and say "We did gain Codepen". Lots of cool visual stuff there, but I guess it would be mostly of interest to developers, and not the wider public. Still, I see stuff in Codepen daily that would never make it into a "production environment" because it didn't fit the CMS template, it wasn't responsive, or was using new tech like CSS Grid, or a multitude of the other reasons why websites stopped being cool. At no point did the author argue that your local bank's website should resemble one of the examples. It is an article about unconventional designs on the web, of course he is going to show the most out-there examples from his students. Personally I loved the cyberpunk feel of the Hacker News prototype, even though it's a usability nightmare. I like to view this stuff to engage my imagination and think about what's possible, not whether this design is ready to scale to millions of users. HN is basically a vBulletin forum from 15 years ago with less functionality. Metafilter and Slashdot are similar and their looks haven't changed much since they started. The HN Redesign probably happened because the API was easy to use by students and they wanted to experiment with "cyberpunk" style interface, for which a text heavy site like HN was perfeect. It isn't at all the type of site The problem is most companies are not interested in building rich native experiences. Amazon is a trillion dollar company and their mobile app is horrendous. They don't see it as a priority, it's just something that has to exist, like how companies have to write awful PR blog posts that nobody is reading. For me, the "add to home screen" means the PWA launches in fullscreen without any browser chrome and that helps the experience a lot. My home screen gets a tiny bit more cluttered but that's an acceptable tradeoff. Well, people pay for Lotus Notes so a user-centrix UX helps customer retention and reduces the burden on customer support. The modern crop of "addictive" apps are usually free so having "time spent" as a KPI helps bring in ad revenue, which is good for business. > i wonder what he thinks about the future of tech Have you watched SV? Season 1 ends with TechCrunch Disrupt, where founders nervously stammer on stage about how their "mobile-first, local-first social media network" will "make the world a better place". TBBT is not a "parody". It is your standard-issue broadcast network sitcom about 3 males, 3 females and their friendships as they date and break up with each other, marry each other and have kids. This is a successful premise that has stood for decades in American TV. Friends and How I Met Your Mother followed the same principles almost to a tee. That's how you get a show that runs for 10 seasons in this day and age. Pointing out that TBBT's parody is poor is like saying Will & Grace did not portray a representative picture of gay urbanites. Aside from the completely overused line "Hello IT, have you tried turning it off and turning it back on again?", the show has almost nothing to do with IT. Apart from a couple of IT-related plotlines, most of the episodes take place outside their office. You can use a prototyping tool like Invision UX and create different different storyboards (screens) to show different parts/features of the app, then link them together to create click maps. Invision can stitch these together so you can hand someone a phone/tablet and they can navigate through it as though it was a working site. In terms of iterating to different browser viewports etc, you are talking about testing working HTML code, not mockups. Try to limit the number of device types you're optimizing for (e.g. 2 phone types, 1 tablet type, 1 laptop type), and create responsive breakpoints using their screen width/height measurements. Depends on the page design and target user. For lengthy, multi-section pages, a "Back to Top" can be helpful, but it'd be better if there was a fixed Table of Contents with links to the sections of the page. Otherwise, I always have the Home/End buttons. On mobile, page should be designed such that the button is easy to reach, visible and not blocked by or blocking the text. For a button placed on the bottom right of the page, the body content should be set up so there's a little extra padding on the right. This way, there's a clear visual separation between the text and the button.