Medium skilled men are coders. High skilled men are coders. ... High skilled women are coders. Selection bias. Just wanted to point out the humblebundle for Pathfinder role playing game. Super cheap,get all the materials What about the energy it takes to grow one human? What babble. So much is wrong with that article, I don't know where to begin. The only thing right was the signing away of copyright is bunk. It feels like its almost a fear/adversion to completion. Weird question..Do you tend to fail to shut doors all the way? Sorry. Not impressed. My reaction was based on several reactions 1. I heard more convincing music composed by AI a decade ago. 2. It suffers from the same pointlessness that seems to plague these attempts: Disjointed, monotonous, doesn't go anywhere. 3. The exercise did not place itself in the context of other approaches to AI music compodituon. I apologize for my rudeness and brevity. Unfortunately Opera just wants to sell your web history. To sell your web history themselves. Just to sell All your web history themselves. Wow Cool. It would be cool to pair it with a visualization so I can get a sense of how the sound and the classic Mandelbrot fractal shape correspond...if they do. Just want to say that it is incorrect to say that cognitive scientits dont talk about awareness of mental models, or awareness if mental processes. It is a field callee meta-cognition....and its a really cool field...and the phenomena are measureable. Cool article though. This article is poorly thought out clickbait. Few cognitive scientists think about cognition the way that is being suggested, anf the suggested replacement is next to useless. I study the neuroscience of episodic memory. Episodic memory requires one shot learning critically dependent on the hippocampus which is posited to use operations of pattern separation (to reduce intereference for distinct memories with similar features) and completion ( retrieve whole from partial input of features) to encode and retrieve bound representations, respectively. Prior to the hippocampus are operations that detect feature novelty in the perirhinal cortex. In contrast to these functions is the slow learning of the neocortex which supports semantic memory. Episodic and semantic memory funcions are intertwined in a complex way. Seems to my mind that deep learning is the cortex, and the binding function is the hippocampus. Add some executive control functions to guide learning strategically and it will start sounding eery. require JavaScript? is this real? Interesting derivation, but why not Receiver Operator Characteristics(ROC)? In recognition memory research we often collect confidence ratings on a 6-point scale for yes/no decisions, for example, and plot ROC curves, and calculate d' discrimination scores. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_character... Or am I missing something. This is the field of meta-cognition in cognitive psychology I disagree about the songs creep and smells like teen spirit being generic. These were exceptionallu crafted pop songs that expressed heart wrenching emotion. Nothing like the typical pop song at all. BASIC INCOME Being poor is hard. There is no flexibility to be nimble around hardships or mistakes. Its easy to make money if you have money. But try to start a business with no backup funds.or credit line? The first time your vehicle breaks down can put your business in a death cycle. You can't disprove a null, just fail to reject the null. Failing to find the Higgs would not have provided evidence that the Higgs did not exist. As someone who is trying to educate himself on concepts in machine learning, I appreciated the 101 overview on gradient descent optimizations. I love how most of the approaches to these optimizations are relatively straightforward, conceptually, to understand, even if their implementations and rigorous proofs will require more work to get through. The ability to destroy outpaces the ability to create and preserve. Destruction is inevitable. When the ability of the rogue group or individual can slaughter millions, pervasive monitoring may be the only path avoiding extinction, without giving up on technological advancement. These are two hypotheses,despite my strong libertarian leanings, that I find difficult to reject. Mass surveillance hasnot been effective yet . yeah, but what about compress, encrypt, compress, encrypt .. compress? :) I dont see any other article on the internets discussing these results In a large part these credit card services offer little innovation, but a whole lot of rentier profiteering. It seems to me maybe time that credit and bank cards become regulated as a public utility. Swipe fees over a nickel are probably exorbitant these days. What a crap article. Moving essay. I've been getting this error from CSV I created in Ubuntu. Glad to have learned what this was about. Firefox has a great feature where after typing a query a menu of search engines appears immediately below. Very convenient and allows me to mix up my searches across the search engines very nicely and easily. Yahoo got bilked by Mozilla..and probably the best thing Yahoo ever accomplished. All those egg eating dinosaurs really had it coming didn't they? I never understood the argument either, but I am no physicist. Start with the table racked (e.g. order) and break. One can easily discern the direction of time as the table goes from order to disorder. I'm a post-doc still waiting to earn enough to just pay my way. Keeping up with my peers just means manage to keep my apartment. "Paul argues that the right name for what many are calling “Universal Basic Income” should be “the citizen’s dividend.” This concept traces back to ancient Athens, and in America to the writings of Thomas Paine. In Paine’s conception, the dividend was based on shared ownership of natural resources — and this is just what we’ve already seen done in a country like Norway, in Alaska, and in a notable experiment during the 1970s, in a small town in Manitoba." I often describe basic income to my friends here in America as a National Inheritance earned by our forefathers for building a great and rich nation. This is to help people realize that this isn't charity..It the dividends from the stock of being an American. By chance yes. But the frequency of events of order to disorder is less than order to disorder, because ultimately, the universe tends towards entropy. Yes there is risk...but so much investment is made by those that can afford to risk it..that is the risk of losing the investment is not losing your home and car or being thrown to the street. If risk is defined by surplus money alone then yes, investors take risks, but if you define risk as the chance of losing your livelihood and basic needs? Typing on a keyboard entails more risk. When the poor takes an investment risk of $1000 they risk more than some elite putting up $1000. You are arbitrarily limiting the scope of risk to a unit of account without regard to what those units of account do or do not afford one in the world. That is too limited a definition to be useful IRL. In truth my original comment was to point out that the holding money comment was misunderstood to mean keeping money under a pillow when I took it as it takes money to make money, and those that have money risk little in terms of their physical welfare. Until the constitutional right to communicate unintelligibly is declared invalid, encryption will remain constitutional. [snarky comment about opposing political party placed here.] Imagine the singularity and you can see that new jobs will not always pop up. absurdum ah the rentier economy. Sure this is about pacemakers, but cant we say something similar about the rest of our body? So renter forgot to check if the renter had been verified and had a valid credit card on file, blames airbnb for not making it even more obvious than it already is how to check verification of a potential renter. OK. Yes and no. A regular renter is better UNLESS the owner wants to use the property when desired, or as in the present story, or the property will be vacant for a short amount if time. dysonspheres are cool, real cool, but how does the dyson sphere wikipedia page get to the front page of hacker news? isnt a dyson ring good enough? http://extension.psu.edu/natural-resources/wildlife/landscap... Replace lawns with plants and trees found in your local ecosystem. Gives them a home. In the central valley.of California, that means oak trees, and drought tolerant plants. humans mime my deep algorithms but my magnetism they fail to achieve as I play with some killer rhyme densi-tay. by your AI rap overlord Seriously, I misread the title as "Traits of a(n) ancient programmer" My first thought was "proficient" and the correct answer to the original title is 'ancient.' Subjective ratings often predict reality quite well. I bet the smaller countries tend to have lower test-retest intra-class correlations, olympics to olympics. This. Prosecutorial Discretion + Opticon State = Totalitarianism This ain't your Daddy's 'The Wire' IRL. Post-hoc power assessments? c'mon e.g. Hoenig & Heisey (2001) provide evidence that several different approaches for calculating post-hoc power are flawed and can produce misleading conclusions. Once a confidence interval has been computed, there is no additional information that a post hoc power calculation can provide. Nevertheless cog neuroscience has had a bad habit of using small samples, sample sizes that developmental cognitive neuroscientists have criticized. I dont think it is hard for outsiders to get in. I am exactly one such outsider. It is true that being in a good lab helps a career, but these are nepotistic organizations. Join one as an undergrad to get experience then apply to one as a grad student or a paid research specialist. Ive seen that 100 more times than family members of colleagues. post hoc power calculations are inappropriate as they merely restate the p-value in a different form. No new information is gained. Reads like a big PR release for a budding industry....but since I am a huge fan of space exploration... I'm totally cool with it. Space-based mining may solve dwindling availability of rare elements useful in industrial processes made profitable by realized cost reductions in space travel. "This is only the beginning. The same ceremony will be repeated at the secondary master key facility in early 2017 before being used in anger for the first time at a third get together in Q2." ??? The smiling oppressed sex slave may indeed be happier than the frowning oppressed sex slave, but the frowning self empowered wealthy woman is likely happer than either the smiling or frowning opressed sex slave...on average. Down vote is interesting. I was using an example to illustrate the fallacy of the grandparent's argument, and apparently the choice of 'sex slave' as an example of a bad situation someone might find themselves in left a bad taste. Maybe, however the point was that just because someone might be miserable in a bad job that requires forced smiles doesnt mean that the forced smile doesnt have a positive effect, just a smaller effect than the o e associated with having a bad job. ah. That was quite unintentional. I was using extremes to make a point, not to associate the two separate examples. However I can see how some might arrive to that inadverent conclusion. I love how you are led to believe that he is moving the 1 person from the left to the right track in order to safely drive the train left. lol fewer, not less To a certain extent I disagree. As long as you have to pay your taxes in the sovereign's currency, and failure to pay those taxes has real consequences, there will be demand for that currency... I agree. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had major structural/sytemic issues limiting production capacity relative to demand. Currency creation is only a problem relative to the capacity to produce. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had roots in limitited.production capacity from externalities e.g. war. I think public confidence is not as important as the denomination inwhich taxes must be payed...and inflation was happening because they had limited domestic production capacity and could not afford to buy foreign goods. a rocket explodes and suddenly everyone turns on the golden boy. in other words, journalists just making noise. No. It is not that rocket exploding is not a set back. Of course it is. BUT, it is not a set back of the magnitude the press wants it be. This is inherent to the rocket business, especially when those rockets are new technology. You are too dismissive. It seems that one can conceptualize natural selection in terms of a multidimensional fitness function that modulates over each iteration. Then one might ask whether, given our current understanding of processes of inheritance, the complexity we observe could have evolved by those processes given the age of the earth. If not, then our understanding of evolution is either incomplete, or our evolution was 'helped along' by an intelligence, which btw is not an appeal to supernatural intelligence, but alien intelligence. Naturally these last are unlikely, but that is not the point. The point is that the question is legitimate. It may be that the information density of inheritance is much higher than assumed, both inheritable dna and epigenetic factors. I am no expert in genetics, but sometimes when I hear about rapid evolution during epochs of high stress, e.g. changes in climate, I wonder whether this rapid evolution is enabled by conservation of past genetic solutions that are currently dormant..—solutions that get switched on (i.e. expressed) in epochs of high stress/strong selection pressures.. It seems that if it is possible to preserve past evolutionary solutions which can get switched on and off, this would increase fitness of a lineage by enabling faster adaption. Instead of waiting for random mutation to do something meaningful and beneficial, allow/encourage mutations to occur in such a way that "uncomments" or "comments" out previously generated code fragments, so to speak. again, i know little of this field,but i love to speculate. But not eating is even less suffering. that is one hell of a dilemma. indeed my ignorance is such that my intuition could easily be known already or falsified already by the literature and would not know it. While ycombinator tends to be inhabited by professional and intelligent men and women, they hail from a number of different disciplines and backgrounds. That is to say, Hacker News is not an antibiotics specialist blog/forum, and people would like to converse and learn from others more broadly than you are demanding. perhaps. Exactly, and I'd be silly not to expect other countries to do the same to the U.S. I do not grok a good reason for Leprosy to be renamed to Hansen's disease. Leprosy is an ancient name for this disease. they will try and try and try until the people blink...and it takes just one blink. meh. These are not new ideas, and probably seem rather obvious to those who think about evolution and fitness functions. I suppose however, there is some good in making this point more salient to cognitive science theoriticians however. and why was that worth -2 moderation? I AM a cognitive neuroscientist; I certainly am not denegrating them. Cognitive scientists are used to contrasting percepts with objective reality, hence all the facinating illusions they love to demonstrate. Evolutionary theorists are used to counterintuitive ideas that result from putting fitness functions at the forefront. I would not have thought that putting the two together is a new idea. To be specific, I was not conplaining about the article. It is an interesting subject. I was providing context for those reading the popularized article which tends to oversell these things. but whatevs prick. im sure its all about 40 year olds not wanting to work 70+ hour weeks all the time. Nice write-up...gave me some ideas, although I am still new to my raspberry pie. Perhaps I missed it but one large advantage of badic income is 1: not means tested—losing benefits because you found a better job is a huge problem with current systems. I know from first hand experience as I went through school. 2: Universal and free market oriented. You are not told how to spend that income and you can then use it to support small business/entrepreneurial endeavors. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Well many do not recognize that taxes are a mechanism for controlling inflation, so this point was not targeted at you, obviously. I suppose that my previous comment's wording could be construed as assuming we couldexist in a post-scarcity economy. That was not intentional. However, universal basic income does not require a post-scarcity framework to be workable, and the claim that universal basic income will cause inflation to 'spiral out of control' is left unsupported. Money is currently created out of nothing through the banking system, and the FED controls inflation just fine through various mechanisms e.g. setting interest rates. Basic income proposals can have similar inflation controlling mechanisms e.g. tie payouts to inflation rate or changes in tax rate. In any case inflatuon caused by basic income could be offset by increasing the fed interest rate which is currently near zero. Means testing is how you would LOSE political support. There has not been UBI so history tells you little. By supplement the market you mean demo of what exactly? From title thought this was an article about Trump. don't down vote me. I finally got to 100 :) update: comment referred to original title, not current. a down vote for a question? Classy. I do know what a demo is. But the submission had no information. Is it a demo of the capabilities of the Rasberry pie? A demonstration of someone's ability to write electronica on a rasberry pie? To be fair to yourself, kids often disappoint their parents, but this is more on the parents. An anecdote: My dad was driven nuts by how much time I wasted as a kid and teen on gaming, and how it seemed that I had few productive interests,never built anything, and stopped projects as soon as I got bored.. He wanted me to be obsessed with something, but few teens are obsessed with anything but not being lonely, social interactions more generally, and just following a random walk exploration. Dad never won those fights to make me serious then. But you know what? As an adult, I am quite different. I am now a post doctoral fellow conducting cutting edge neuroscience, having completed numberous complex, long-term research programmes that have required obsession, grit, and a determination to perfect his craft. If your kids can avoid the usual pitfalls (e.g. a serious drug addiction) Im sure all your efforts will come into fruition when they are ready to committ themselves. Today I buy my son Rasberry Pie's, laptops with GameMaker installed, etc hoping he too will find an obsessio. But he too resists i.e. stops as soon as he is bored. C'est la vie Not a creationist, but a common argument against the earth being only several thousand years old is that star light must have taken much longer to get here given c. However, the simulation of those photons could have begun in transit, as you say. I grew up in a neighborhood of dirt and chicken coops. My parents made less than 12k $ per year as I grew up. My parents never attended college and did not know the first thing about it. My privileges included a stable family that pushed me to succeed where they had not, and an above average IQ. I got through college with my family on student loans, stipends, and food stamps.And you know what, my kids will have opportunities I never even dreamed of. There is no better feeling. You decide for yourself what my anecdote is worth. And I wanted to add something else because you make some very good points. When I first went off to college I failed. I did not know why I was there or how to do things. I dropped out and worked various jobs e.g. graveyard shifts at AMPM for two years, pizza delivery for a year, driver for a repoman repossessing cars..let me tell you that there were some pretty dark years then.. But I did succeed after failing The point is not so much a libertarian fairy tale though. It was only after I met my wife and started a family did the focus of my life come together with a vengence. It was only because I received a lot of support from a supportive wife, a stable dad and mom, a good graduate advisor,and a minimally sufficient social services system. Without these I would not have succeeded coming from where I did.. To be a parent is to worry :) Very interesting. Thanks. I attended a recent talk of a leader in bringing drugs to market (not naming names). The current trend in pharma is moving away from R&D to S&D. i.e. Search and Develop. They search for promising molecules developed by startups or by government, then develop that into a final product manufacturing process. Most of the research drug failures are committed by third parties and do not cost big pharma anything...shoukd not contribute to the cost of drugs angband zandband sangband I died in them all. fangraphs has good, data driven baseball articles. In the past one might reasonably expect to meet your representative at the local pub, tea and coffee house. You'd say, "Hey Sally, we should really do something about patent reform" and she'd say "Bob, I agree. There are two bills that are being ..." Right now, it is nothing like that. My representative lives in another town, and I have never even seen her face in person except at a rally. This should be unconstitutional. The point of the Senate is to represent States, and the House, the People. We've screwed both up, and each does neither. the article is interesting but its style doesn't mesh with title...i.e. Music Theory for Nerd, but then explains what a sin wave is, and apologizes in advance for the 'scariness' of log scales. Nerds know and are not afraid of sin waves and log scales...its as if the author doesn't know his audience. at 3ok they might not know your name but they probably shop at one of the same three grocery stores. I hate the Google News AMP section from my phone. I don't know if related but it seems to have also disabled opening google news results in new yabs on Firefox on Android ever since they changed the page. Well. Maybe it is not the same for you, but hangout messages get archived as emails in gmail. so search gmail maybe? Hiccups and lags are seen in all browsers and is due to bloated websites. Also, Chrome will write just as much to your SSD as Firefox Reviewers make specific and general comments. The general comments are usually ledd important but serve as general reminders, for example, to check for typos, to bettersituate your findings in context, and the positive aspects of having converging, objective measures. These generalities usually cut across disciplines and take no real expertise. It is thr specific reviewer comments that make or break a paper. These fabricated reviews do not produce specific, intelligent reviewer comments, just the general comments that sane scientists do not resist or think much about. Fascinating...and if the person really knows what he is explaining (I'm in no position to tell) it certainly answers questions I had about how random mutations can be so effective in improving survival rather than leading to death. Just fascinating. Thank you HN I fully imagine that the author does so. Indeed, the author mentions running simulations, and the like. The article's title on statnews.com bugs me, I admit I have not investigated this case, but... I suspect it wasn't that graying old man that discovered that molecule, but that man's brilliant but underpaid post-doc that discovered that molecule. This is my thought also. nice! That is really useful for me to put together the basic facts as now known without sensationalism. Does this classify whole graphs, or nodes into communities/classes? I know little, but how about classification of neuro–developmental disorders from network graphs derived from resting state fMRI? Yes. Fuck cancer. Took my grandmother, and took my friend. Took your grandfather. Took your friend. Fuck cancer. I always answered hit the wall when there was a wall—shouldn't have been driving that fast near pedestrians. When asked to choose between a doxtor and a homeless man, I hit the doctor. The doctor took an oath, and tje homeless man may be a lost sheep, so to speak. but wifi extenders have been on the market for a long time and are easy to use People are offering their house for free and bnb is managing those transactions for free. title should credit homeowners morebthan airbnb, IMO Opportunity costs are damning. Even if brain training games were modestly effective, they hold an opportunity cost: The time you could have been spent doing cardiovascular exercise that has demonstrated robust positive effects on cognition. yes yes. Of course, but there people have only so much time...and many people are NOT physically active. Sure do your 'brain training' (if it works) AFTER you've done a decent amount of cardio, but cardio should be the goto. So in the real world, are there developed techniques to build relatively complex models that account for covariates and sources of variability (e.g. random effects) and repeated measures? or random error. It fels as though AMP is putting a wrapper on the internet. No thanks. I agree. Argue with your peers, not with the internet—but open data your sets after you publish the several studies you get. The core problem are grant procedures. Universities get a 20%+ cut of grants a professor eecieved. Therefore they wants professors who receive lots of grants. Grant awarders are judged on their ability to choose applicants that create value using those funds. An easy metric is papers produced. And those who publish lots of papers in the past is a good predictor of future production. So these are the applicants that get funded. Another problem is the lack of funds for professor positions relative to the number of trained applicants. With so many qualified academics, departments have to use some metric to base decisions, and publications is more measurable (grant $$$) than scientific value. Yes. But there is variability per institute and so was trying to be conservative in the lower threshold of the percentage cut. The university cut does make some sense. There are a lot of services on which PI's rely. Administration to handle hiring processes. Building maintenance and plumbing. But per usual, instead of just covering costs, it is viewed as revenue on which to grow the university (and admin pay). Actually, I am not sure whether university cut factors into funding decisions at NIH and the like. This is not HN quality IMO, and I'm newish here. I do not think decision making is a good model for this concept. Culture is. In particular: Traditionalism vs. Progressiveism as cultural influences: the former acts to not overfit current conditions, while the latter tries to fit current conditions. Both influences have been critical for human survival. RealClearPolitics used to have a great interface. Very usable. Very distinctive. Then they went all modern and ruined it. I attended a primer lecture on tbe immune system. Holy hell. At least 200 different types of T cells. At least 200 other types of immune cells. Then there are all their interactions, signaling, locating, memory functions. I honestly dont know if one can ever get a handle on the complexity. For a large part we understand how two particles can interact. Simple rules. Put together 200 of those particles, predictions become very difficult and complex. As the articles argues, selective releasing of true facts cant paint a false moaaic. Interesting article, BUT yes, it would be nice if a date was added to the article title. Here is the libertarian response, maybe: I'm not going to feel we should protect the oil industry because of potential economic disruption. Winners. Losers. Free Market. Credit markets are about predicting future trends and credit worthiness. If creditors do a poor job, so be it. This argument is generally pursuasive to me most of the time. Should I be convinced otherwise in the present case. -a layman. a direct payment to families would be more effective. You were good until you stereotyped Americans, ignorant fuck. I doubt that the majority of dismissive comments come from such an apparently informed perspective as your own. Many likely come from people who know a little, and who want to say something on HN, and (in true hipster fashion) take the safe route and trash the idea rather on vague hand waves, than sticking their necks out to support it. That is the attitude I believe was frustrating the grandparent. HN title contains a misspelling: insucure should be insecure Unless insucure is a Python package I do not know about. To be fair, most times articles coming from mainstream news organizations do not offer anything new to learn for the professional readers of HN, readers likely to have already encountered the arguments presented therein from years past of reading and learning. That is, NYTimes articles and the like frequently make weak arguments that support a preexisting opinion or agenda, and are meant for consumption by the non-professional general populace. There was a time, for example, that NPR and PBS provided informative information to me, but as I grew I began to realize that I knew what they were going to say before they said it and that further growth required better information sources. This article is one big downer. Being realistic is one thing, but this read more like a hit piece than anything else. I also dont like computers anymore. Its from being on them all the time. I want life apart from the screen. Then I get bored. Would the president have that authority? Agreeing with the sentiment, but massively editoriaizing the NPR article arent you. These will be important in the impending AI wars. If police use excessive force and fuck a guy's constitutional 'bullshit' then they can stand some more 'excessive, yet Constitutionally protected bullshit' in return. phew. Free global wireless internet lets every device in your home spy without an easy way to firewall it off. And why was that down-vote worthy? Globally available FREE internet means that devices in our homes could bipass our routers to signal home with little ability to oversee and limit that signaling save throwing the device away and a faraday cage. Today the same is also possible with 3/4/5G antennas, true, but the cost of sending data over cellular networks on billable data accounts is probably just too cost prohibitive for IoT device manufacturers to do, so they just do it through your wifi. For a young project 2 years support cycle makes sense given rapid changes are probably still coming. Let it mature another several years.. You forgot your tag. This is the ending of neoliberalism, with its focus on identity politics while staying cozy with business, and the re-dawning of the FDR liberalism. I can't seem to find where the sample size is mentioned. It mentions that Quid has 50,000 company descriptions, but is n=50,000 tiny in thr ML/DeepLearning world? I do neuroscience research and where I am coming from I have maybe n=150to200 per class. And that is not generally regarded as a tiny sample. What are the Bayesian methods I would use if I have multiple related outcomes and multiple predictors...you know...the situation in which many scientists find themselves with longitudinal data and typically turn to repeated measures and random effect general linear models? They fund it, no? Thanks. Your the first to ever reply to that question when I pose it. By doing that Walmart is promoting the group ha ha. Min.wage employees are not going to listen to their boss when at home. Agree. Let me add. Infantile/childhood amnesia has many causes, but being unable to form a memory is not one of them. Memories in infancy are fragile, and context dependent, and even if retained through life are likely fragmentary, non-verbal, non-conceptually embedded, that we'd not recognize it as an episodic memory. Moreover, the medial temporal lobes and hippocampus (brain region critical to relational memory formation) are still immature before age 2, before which time the dentate gyrus in the tri-synaptic circuit of the hippocampus may not be fully operational, potentially leading to massive interference between similar memories from less efficient representational separation and a bias towards pattern completion. The last tidbit is particularly interesting as such a bias to pattern completion may support the rapid semantic knowledge acquisitions occurring early in life, which may benefit from layering of similar representations to extract reoccurring key features about the world, as opposed to the more efficient pattern separation later in life that allows more fine grained memory distinctions to be retained and allowing individual events to be better remembered. Sometimes, while dreaming I will recognize and recall that I've had this dream before, maybe many many times...then I feel a sense of loss, like losing a friend. A moment of de ja vu I guess. It is a weird feeling though, and I don't even know if I truly had the dream before, or if it is a false memory!! With the rise to power of Trump's nationalism, I'm a little surprised the article predicts the diminishment of national identity. Please use a safe rocket to get into space. That would be one stressful rocket ride for the project scientists on earth. As much as I admire SpaceX...not the job for them yet. Thanks for the link. One question I'd pose to Nate is how multicollinear were the paper factor and the additional predictors? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multicollinearity Estimates can be unstable if multicollinearity is too high, say if only richer more educated districts use a certain type if voting machine. You can cut off any part of the body and still have consciousness as long as blood, oxygen, etc reach the brain. That seems a little stronger evidence of causality than mere correlation. Still it could be, I suppose, that the brain does not hold consciousness, but is in fact merely an antenna to send and recieve consciousness... probably from a lab at NASA, via interactions with virtual particles, providing propellentless mental acceleration across space and time This is shit. The lower limit for salary hasn't changed for years, and has not tracked inflation. As a post-doc this would have probably really bummed me out if it wasn't for the fact my union had already signed a new contract with the university for new pay raises based on the new Obama administration rules. Yay union. He already had expressed interest in changing the new Obama ruling. FYI, that was mentioned in TFA Indeed it is terrible news: Poverty is rough. To be precise, the law and regulations were appropriate decades ago, when it protected workers, but in its current form, oppressed them into long underpaid, non-livable, labor. In my view, the Obama administration change in regulation, now blocked, was restoring the original effects and outcomes of those laws and regulations, and probably as originally intended by those whom passed it. I certainly was not arguing that. I mean that the judge fucked Christmas up for a bunch of poor folk by blocking a well deserved change in regulation that no longer served its original intent in protecting laborers. It also probably introduces suppression effects from multicollinearity when entering the same multiple regression, like Nate Silver did. Funnily enough prior to the election I had a dream exactly to this effect, and Trump calling Clinton a hypocrite. I clicked thinking the same but was pleasantly surprised to find, like, a really good article. I tried to stop myself. I feel that like is often used as a verbal em dash, for emphasis and interruption.Once I understoid their intended usages I love the — em dash – en dash and - hyphen R does some things really well, and there are some advanced methids available ,but let's be clear, some functions in SPSS are quite advanced, for example SPSS mixed models are more advanced than lme4. Well I may be ignorant also, but as far as I can tell lme4/lmer doesnt have ANY options to specify the variance-covariance matrix while SPSS does. Also, when the number of within subject levels are few, I often find that using the classic repeated measures approach, but estimating using ML/REML (to handle random missing data) on a specified (or unstructured) covariance-variance matrix to be more powerful and/or more likely to converge while accounting for important dependences than mixed models using random effects...SPSS does this kind of analysis easily, but I havent found any equivalent packave in R. In academic book publishing, I tend to agree. These are low profit enterprises. Few copies get sold in all honesty. However, they are major leeches when it comes to journals. http://vim-adventures.com/ An adventure game using vim. May help you learn. They simulate neurogenesis, I guess, but they do not incorporate the most interesting part of that neurogenesis: That is the new neurons are born into the dentate gyrus, a region thought to have a particular capacity to orthoganalize feature representations that are similar (e.g. pattern separate) allowing distinct memories to be formed for similar events. The dentate gyrus outputs to a region called Cornu ammonis 3 (CA3) which is heavily recurrent, and thought to br able to pattern complete a full representation from partial inputs. That is, CA3 can encode and retrieve the relations between 2 or more features or objects. For a mathematical model and review one might read: Rolls (2013) https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3812781/ but many others exist. I'd write more but typing in my phone is driving me to distraction. As a brain scientist, it pains me as well. I think that what neuroscience has found out in the last 60 years is that neurons and synapses are more complex than they had ever dreamed. I could say the same about genetics, btw. Biology has turned out to be incredibly complex. Academic writing avoids using periods. Unfortunately. Academic Writing : The battle between precision and TL;DR HM My dissertational research was on the development of the subfields of the hippocampus in childhood. So these papers from the rat literature were relevant and often inspiring. I'd like to add that our knowledge of the details of hippocampal neuroanatomy are probably the most advanced of any brain region, which allows the somewhat informed construction of computational models. I wish I had more time to learn modeling methods, I have specific developmental hypotheses I'd like to test in such a model. In the end, I'd probably need to find a knowledgable collaborator though. This may have happened, but this is not typical behavior in science, and is hardly evidence that people should 'get out of academia'. I want one where my data stays on my own servers, and does not share it. ---Yeah I know. There are almost insurmountable barriers to developing an effective product. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embodied_cognition https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extended_mind_thesis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Situated_cognition The article's ideas are related to the extended mind, situated cognition,and embodied cognition hypotheses. They are interesting, and really challenge us to let go of our scientific tendency to separate the world into discrete objects. Well maybe all this will be a job creator for white hat hackers. Then we might see more of these around: https://society6.com/product/white-hat-hacker_mug#s6-6418882... Full Disclosure: I'm the seller. I remember when I upgraded to a 14.4k modem and boy was I pleased after dialing with a 9600 baud for years. well I first wrote 2700 baud, and then I had a sudden work I was remembering wrong. I honestly think I started at 2700 baud as a 10-year-old. This has been true in my academic career also. The ability to say no is important. I abandoned my cognitive training research plans after some piloting of a task. I had a number of data driven reasons for it, but a personal one was that I doubted that cognitive training would ever be more effective for the majority of people than spending that time exercising, and following better sleep habits. Sure one can do all three, but for many there are real time constraints (anyone with kids here agree?) and choices have to be made...and choosing to sit down in front of a computer for cognitive training is probably not the right choice. Actually given the relatively ample evidence of the cognitive boost associated with exercise, an exercise condition would make an excellent active baseline to test cog training against. It would make a great study.