"Moreover, you're forced to write artificially short routines, routines of a length that research has shown to have a higher defect ratio" [citation needed] So far I've only seen advice to write shorter routines. Oh, no, no more ads please. I will gladly pay just not to have something taking the real estate of my screen and trying to interrupt. I am with 37signals take on this: asking money for your work IS ok! http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1615-how-did-the-web-lose... And before jumping either to CSS hacks or CC remember that often there are ways to avoid hacks altogether. As Andy Budd once told at his talk at @media conference in London it is so sad that too many webdevs think that CSS hacks is the normal way to do things. They are not. Instead of thinking "what hack shoul I use to fix it?" one should first think "how can I rework it to fix it in IE without hacks?". When there are no hacks there is no problem of "where do I put my hacks in?" to solve. I think I have used only one hack: _width to solve broken box model in IE5 (which is no longer relevant. And I don't count setting display: inline on float to avoid double margin bug in IE6 as a hack.) I just wonder how many 5 years business plans written in 2007 had "the global financial crisis" item in them. So much of planning. Flying with your eyes covered by a paper with some wishful thinking on it isn't any better. What? Some random guys put nonsense like "37 signals is not committed blah blah blah" and 37signals should be polite with those bastards? And in case you missed the news, 37signals' main income is not ads on their blog, they have pretty successful web app business. Posting that for "generating page views" sounds ridiculous if you know at least a bit about the company which posted it. For startes GetSatisfaction accused 37s of not caring for their customers. Publicly. I think it takes a malicious amount of ignorance to come up with the text they did. And this is hardly an open letter, reads more like PR spin. I think they've missed "Internet Explorer 8.1 leaked": http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/31/breaking-internet... Though technically that would be March 31st fools… Far from it. Daring Fireball—best writing abbout all things Apple you can find on the net. When I see DF post marked with a star in my RSS reader I know that high quality read waits for me, with some work, thought and insight put into it. Or maybe I am just a DF fanboy… Speed is very important. However: how much time does server spend running your Ruby code? I think I saw somewhere it is about 5% of the request time. There is DB, network latency, all the client side cruft (twitter did not get even assets caching right yet). Article says they are leaving Ruby in place for the front end, so most likely they do understand where bottleneck is, and where it has nothing to do with a language. I just hope that other won't jump to porting their code without understanding the reasons. It should be pretty embarrassing to spend six month porting the codebase just to find out that reducing time server spends in your app code from 5% to 1% did not impact the overall speed of your site. It would be interesting to see more details about those queue processing problems they have though. Because acting this way assures that the problem will be noticed and acted upon. Private letter would achieve nothing at worst and maybe some tweaks to 37signals page on GS at best. Customers of the other companies would get the same confusing message making it easy to take GS pages as official support. As you can see I don't believe in GetSatissfaction "mistakes". All the design decisions (which eventually led to the trouble with 37s) they took look very logical. The same way why ease of use of something makes that something better (or more pleasant to work with). You can also try free http://www.virtualbox.org/ from Sun. Once again I am glad that Apple does not do what it supposedly "should" do. Current design has some advantages: namely your controls are always more or less in the same place. You don't have to reach in your pockets, grab around yourself looking where did you clip that damn shuffle — just grab the wire and you are done. Proposed design has more flaws than advantages, not to mention the cost of such interface. One guy named Steve Jobs once said, that design is not how it looks but how it works. He had a point. Funny you mention performance headaches that Ruby on Rails has. Someone actually benchmarked PHP frameworks against Ruby frameworks, and guess which were faster? Video is here: http://www.merbcamp.com/video/katz3.mp4 Slides are here: http://www.slideshare.net/wycats/merb-camp-keynote-presentat... They do not. CSS is for presentation, and presentation usually differs from site to site. That means that you either have to tweak a lot, in which case using framework does not make much sense, or you have a lot of unused code in your CSS which makes the "maintainability" point moot. In my view CSS frameworks are the crutch for CSS challenged (as WYSIWYG HTML editors are for code challenged) and should be avoided. I also have no idea how the word "Semantically" made its way to the title. So far from I have seen CSS frameworks add very little to the semantics, take more away, and are very likely to induce an acute case of clssitis to you HTML code. Not to mention "CSS reset" which I think was stupid idea from the very beginning. I am not talking about innovation. I am just saying that you dont need a framework for two column layout. Who talks about cutting edge? The simpler you design is, the more overhead you get from using a framework. I did like both books by Cederholm, so I also recommend Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook Interesting, Apple reports "almost" 29 billion in cash and best non-holidays quarter results in company's history. During the worst economic downturns in decades. The horror. How can you call images in that presentation porn? I might be offended by the word "bread". Is this my problem or anyone's using that word? One cannot please everyone, and there is no need to feel sorry _every_ time you fail at that. Remember infamous Danish cartoons? Do you think cartoonist had to apologize? Boy, did he offend someone… My point was, if someone is offended by that presentation, he (and I mean he ) should have his head examined. There are people that can be offended by most ridiculous things and I am not going to consider myself responsible for all their quirks. Too much fear to offend someone just dumbs us down, makes daring thing less likely (I think it has to be someone with DHH kind of personality to create RoR) and generally leads to kind of lukewarm relationships, hypocrisy and "thermal death" of society. I am all for solving real problems, not imaginary ones. I have seen quite a few women in IT, and it did not look like they had any problems with it (suffice to say one was the head of the whole IT organization I was working for, other three - heads of departments). All were judged by the competence, not their sex. It is interesting to see that the mere idea that _maybe_, just _maybe_ women in general are not inclined for this type of work (hint: dealing with abstractions, not real people and relations) is instantly rubber-stamped as sexist. I am going to stretch it here, but why isn't anyone fighting to right the underrepresentation of males among persons giving birth? And I don't buy the reality of some "feelings" that are so much on display in this case. Well, if fully dressed women make you uncomfortable, I cannot help there. I think he even had a post about how passphrase is better than a password. But I may be mistaken and I am just to lazy at the moment to search for it :( http://htmldog.com/ wasn't bad as far as I remember. Be careful with the books, do not pick "old-style" one, which pays no attention to web standards and semantics. I'd recommend "Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook" by Dan Cederholm ( http://astore.amazon.com/simplebits-20/detail/1590593812 ). Not exactly introductory, but worth reading. Those comments on perfectly obvious code look horrible. This should keep you away for a while: http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/06/rhinos-and-tigers.ht... You know, not too long ago Internet Explorer was regarded as dominant force on the web (98% after all), now (at least where I am) it is already on the edge of falling below 50% (last week's numbers are 51.5% of all IE versions combined). And yes Firefox pushed MS to refocus, which gave us IE7 and IE8–so what? Being the dominant force at the moment does not mean you will stay here for long. Unless you have a clear vision ahead. I fail to see any signs of that vision on MS side. It is interesting to think about dynamics of the mobile space: two years ago iPhone was not yet released, iPhone SDK is just over a year old and to work with it you have to learn the "exotic" Obj-C… "I'm not convinced games are really that important either, the case in point being Mac OS X users." Well, take a look what kind of apps take the top spots on AppStore. However the most amusing thing in this kind of discussion is a take on SDK. When Apple initially offered to develop apps using web technology it was greated with "booo". Now Palm says the same and it is greated with "Wow, cool". Go figure. I don't have twitter account and I am not going to get one. Whatever _useful_ twitter does other tools do better. And I am not interested in useless stuff it is most effective for. This is worth repeating: only small part of request lifetime is spent in application code so you should worry about performance of the programming language only if you profiled your app and saw, that this is indeed a bottleneck. Why wait, you can use parts of it today. Sure, IE may not get it, but it is called progressive enhancement for a reason. You don't have to work in public using github. That's the nice feature of DVCS — you can have it all your code for yourself and at the same time enjoy all the benefits of VCS. Using centralized system you don't have much choice - either you don't commit, or you commit and everybody sees your ugly code. With DVCS you can have your private branches and work on your code as long as you want. When you a happy with your work, just push it to the public repo (hosted on github for example). Even more, you can have a lots of tiny working commits and then "squash" them into one big and nice final commit. Linus was making fun of SVN in his talk ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8 ). One of his point was, that SVN chose the wrong way right from the start and there is no way to have "CVS done right" because CVS is hopeless by design. There is another point—international markets. I assume sooner or later Palm will want to expand to overseas. iPhone has it easy—it is all just software. How about Pre—will users be forced to memorize where the keys are, or will Palm incur cost of manufacturing different keyboards? Well, you can write fortran in Ruby, but it took DHH to show where it does shine. It is easy to underestimate the initial insight in hindsight "oh, that's obvious", but it only becomes obvious when someone does it. And does not definition of geniality has something on having that insight for the "obvious"? It's license, which covers packages on Pre: Apache Harmony, joda-time, google-rfc-2445, Fast MD5 implementation in Java, gdata-java-client , Apache Velocity project. PDF file says "device may contain" so I am not sure if everything listed is on device :) I agree with your first sentence but the point is that application acceptance to AppStore policy does not constitute entire platform. I am curious, why this part of the otherwise very nice platform is so screwed. "some great spin" is being put too mildly. Looks like they don't know what HTML5 is nor the state of its support in current browsers: pretty much all (but IE, of course) already have some support for it. Not sure how that makes minority of browsers, not to mention, that browsers on the new smartphones which are worth something are Webkit based—and that means support for HTML5. Apple specifically advertises HTML5 and CSS3 on its Safari webpage ( http://www.apple.com/safari/what-is.html ). I completely fail to see how the release of iPhone "helped to radically increase the number of phones with Flash support". If it did help something this is to realize that we can do just fine without Flash. So no, you don't need to wait ten years before HTML5 arrives, it is already on your doorstep (have you seen Google Wave?). There will be no wait, so "during that wait, Flash becomes more and more powerful" doesn't come to fruition. Adobe still cannot make Flash to run without hogging resources on anything but Windows, do they think I will buy this "more powerful" crap? I don't think that HTML5 will kill Flash though, but if it forces Flash out of the places there it does not belong (full flash sites, flash navigation, etc.) Web will be a better place and I will be a lot happier. They miss a big point when talking about fragmentation: one thing what HTML5 is trying to achieve is to standardize the things which browsers _already_ do, i.e. to document current behavior where it is consistent and to make it as consistent as possible if it is not. It is the work largely based on how web and browsers work _now_, so the result will be quite an opposite to fragmentation. I rarely can complain about this on my iPhone 3G, but if one is to believe Joe Hewitt (and why one shouldn't?), then it is indeed instant on 3GS: http://joehewitt.com/post/the-%22s%22-should-stand-for-smoot... And why exactly you cannot write free software for iPhone? html5 has xml serialization if you need that. The number of applications on AppStore shows, that developers cope just fine. Also it is very tough to compare technology and tool you are familiar with to the new ones without any bias. To be fair, trailing slashes were ignored all the time. By this I mean that treated properly with MIME text/html they would produce a bunch of ">" on your page — they have different meaning in SGML from that in XML. That's one of the reasons I stuck with HTML4.01 Strict: I don't like the idea that XHTML works in browsers simply because of the miss-implementation of a standard. Well, if you were using XHTML doctype for 7 years, then you were doing it wrong. Unless you served your pages with application/xhtml+xml MIME type, that is. Otherwise no browser did use XML parser for your pages and munched them with old good HTML/tag soup parser. BTW, HTML5 lets you include MathML even in HTML serialization. And remember, that Apple can use chips for decoding h.264 on iPhone and iPod Touch. That matters a lot. And I would recommend his another book "The Seven-Day weekend" even more. It was written later and ideas are better tested ant crystalized there. If "Maverick" leaves someone doubtful that this can be true then "The Seven-Day weekend" may convince those :) But anyway it takes some guts to run business this way. Not only it triggers standards mode, but that's the sole purpose of this declaration in HTML5 (well, strictly speaking you might want to use it for something else, but that may not be the best idea). If you serve your document with application/xhtml+xml you can omit it — this MIME type itself triggers standards mode so doctype becomes redundant. No, omitting version is intentional (and version number did not mean much in the past). HTML5 spec defines parsing algorithm what should be used for all html versions and will never require browsers to do anything different for different versions of html. If the future browser will be capable to parse HTML8 it will be able to parse HTML5 just fine. It may sound backwards but is it not. It is a broad topic and much can be said on this, but the short version is: it is always advisable to develop looking at more standards compliant browsers and then tweak it to work in IE. Usually it will take less effort. The reason for this is that IE let's you deviate more from standards, and then fixing it for other browsers will take more time. Also, other browsers albeit having own quirks are much more consistent – that means that if it works in Safari it is most likely to work in Firefox and Opera too. Of course IE does not support a lot of things other browsers do. Maybe it is time to weight you options there: are you sure you want site to look the same across all the browsers and is it worth the effort? Or can you live with simpler version for IE but gaining advantage of having to write and maintain less code? Highly recommended site ;) : http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ Why would he downplay that? And Gruber was never a blind Apple fanboy — when apple does BS, he calls it BS (just search for "shit sandwich" in the article and follow the link). I have a feeling that you completely missed the point there. Well if benchmark was against nighty build of chrome it would make more sense to benchmark with WebKit nightly. Drag and drop is present in HTML five and works in FF3.5, Safari4 and… Internet Explorer! It is actually based on MS implementation which was first introduced a while back in IE5. My list is jEdit (used on Linux), SmartCVS/SmartSVN (Linux/Win/OS X still get used sometimes, but much less - moved away to git/bzr), Azureus (on OS X, least used of them all thanks to Transmission and now uTorrent). What blunder are you talking about? HTML4.01 has DTD, XHTML1.0 has DTD, did it help in any way? Tag soup is already there and will stay for a long time. From all the specs so far HTML5 has the best description how to deal with it. First, not having DTD is not the same as not being able to validate: there is a validator for HTML5, validator.nu. You can also use XML serialization of HTML5 and XML tools to make sure your document is valid XML. Second, having means to validate markup does not mean that authors will care and do that: what portion of document having doctype with dtd slapped on top are actually valid? Good markup is not produced by tools, but by those who care. Where all these companies just put there for their names? Article just doesn't make sense. There is the talk by Jason from 37signals, where he specifically talks how he does not get this obsession with failing: http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1798-jasons-talk-at-big-o... No need for that. Mothers with toddlers usually have a little mobility and heightened desire to socialize — being online is about perfect way to do that. So, how many plans at the beginning of 2008 had recession in mind? My guess that no one was that "ignorant" and those who were were fired at the spot. So much consideration. Yeah, if you are in the business that does not depend on the market and other people, you can plan. Otherwise you are just guessing. BTW, HASH is default index type for MEMORY tables in MySQL. It was not found. Daily Express report was fiction: http://twitter.com/bnjacobs/status/2374782343 Bob Jacobs is NASA Deputy Assistant Administrator for Public Affairs. Think. Rocket launching from the Earth had to bring EVERYTHING up, had to fight six times greater gravity and atmosphere. Now do the calculations. No, there is no wind on the Moon cause there is no air. So? Take a rope and swing one end of it. You will see a nice wave going on. You can have waves without the wind. I hope when Zed is done with Python he will turn to Erlang. Now THEN will be the time to watch HN front page. I would not call relying on a hack to use third party (which is not at all interested to support you) software a solid business practice either. I now see the opposite effect: everyone is scared to look sexist so everyone ends up putting "she". Maybe we should call programmers "it"? It does, albeit too slow. According to our ranking site http://ranking.lt/ IE share felt below 50% for the first time. One should have in mind, that this is not stats from some geek/webdev site, but collected by online advertising company, so it is even more likely that the stats are skewed in favor of IE. DRM free Amazon music store was just a tool for the record industry to put pressure on Apple. Sadly this is true. I've removed his blog from my RSS reader quite a while ago. Seth Godin got ditched for the same reason :( Seth Godin has dropped the ball recently (imho), but talking about evolutionary angle there is one his book I highly recommend: "Survival is not enough". Somehow I get an impression that this book is undervalued. Or maybe it just me reading to much into it. I am not sure that consumers prefer netbooks. I still don't know anyone owning one. I must admin I don't believe in netbooks market—one part will be taken by smartphones, another by proper notebooks. Speaking of which: Apple's computers sales grew only by 4%, but notebook sales grew by 13%. Going into low-end, low-price and nonexistent margins market would be the sure way for Apple to die. Where do you see those numbers in Apple's press release? Or did they gave them in the press conference? If not, since when did NPD claims became Jobs RDF? Regarding best non-holiday quarter in company's entire history —it is not something to be shy about and not exactly cherry picking. Unless you did expect Apple to beat its best holiday quarter in ordinary quarter during recession? When you sign up for Vendor ID you sign under these words: Unauthorized use of assigned or unassigned USB Vendor ID Numbers and associated Product ID Numbers are strictly prohibited. http://www.usb.org/developers/vendor/VID_Only_Form_withCCAut... Would you find some random guy using you SSN (or equivalent if you are not from US) obectionable? It's not about what it is. It's about how would you feel if someone else would use it. Especially when it is clearly forbidden. I don't see how can it be more popular than iPhone/iPod Touch and successors. That bothers me too. I would not call myself AGW denier, more like agnostic with some inclination to believe, but this attitude that if you don't believe in god that makes you believe that the Earth is flat is just stupid. The whole GW issue to me looks most alike to faith from them all. speed does not kill, it's acceleration (o rather deceleration ) that does :) Was there ever a "X killer" that actually killed the X? I cannot think of one example. If something is branded that way, must be a loser already. True "X killers" are like ninjas that come unnoticed and unexpected. http://www.google.com/search?q=focus+groups+site:headrush.ty... I have ordered mine on March 11th and got them July 11th. Maybe already having millions of users does make technology a bit cooler? The title should be "I quit AT&T". Many mobile devices now use WebKit based browsers and easily kick IE's old ass. No, the point of email is not attachements or being paperless. It is the speed. I would not call making record profits in the same quarter when others report loses the lost war. Unless you are talking about market share. Apple indeed does sing the same song, only it is: "we choose profits over market share". Honestly, it took me this headline to recall that thing exist at all… The book on time travel describing model which made most sense to me for years: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Technicolor_Time_Machine This novel presents a clear use of the restricted action resolution of the Grandfather paradox. The actions of the characters can not have changed the past because the past is what their actions brought about. Javascript is not the most awful, it is the most misunderstood :) I am just confused as to what these iPhone converts are doing. That's exactly why iPhone is superior (so far): it is not about what , it is about how Btw, anyone downmoding me cares at least to say, which part you disagree with: do you think that Andoroid phones are superior, do you think it is not about how ; or both; or are you just not happy with the way things are? :) it is about user experience, not about style. Ok, imagine 12 hour transatlantic flight. What is about what you did — you flew across Atlantic. Then ther is the how part — it can be either in economy class with no legroom, crammed between to sweaty, drunk and snoring gentlemen or it can be in private jet. Is the difference between what and how any more clear now, or is is still vague? Update: I do not say that Android phones are economy class and iPhone is private jet. The point of the above is to explain what I meant by difference between what and how . Finally. Let's hope now the more meaningful race for quality high-ISO images will gain momentum. That's a funny rant considering that Opera is closed source and WebKit is opensource. In HTML5 that you can use any syntax you prefer. Whether you live in XMLland is defined solely by MIME type you use to serve your pages—if it is text/html then it is HTML serialization, if it is application/xhtml+xml only then capable browsers will switch to XHTML parsers. Of course this is the same story as with XHTML1.0 only in HTML5 case XHTML5 syntax does not pretend to be something it is not. The added benefit of HTML5 not being the child of SGML is that stupid controversy regarding "/>" which means completely different thing in SGML applications and XML is finaly resolved. Actually there are two different things—the parser and the rendering mode. The choice of the former depends solely on the MIME type—no matter that docypte you use if your page is served with text/html MIME it will be parsed by HTML parser. And keep in mind, that every slash in "/>" is treated as invalid attribute by this parser, so serving your XHTML page as text/html may be not the best idea. BTW, do "view source" of such page in Firefox 3 and you will see all slashes in red. And if you did happen to server XHTML with proper MIME there could well be the case that your page would take longer to load on Gecko HTML engine choses rendering mode (standards, almost standards, quirks) depending on DOCTYPE (for XHTML parser it is always standards mode). HTML engine must be always ready to recover from markup errors (and HTML5 does a good job describing what to do), XHTML parser can just die on the first error it encounters. The best upgrade for my Flash experience on Mac: http://rentzsch.github.com/clicktoflash/ Well, all those points were discussed and there are sound reasons why they are as they are in HTML5 Versioning — it just does not make any sense. Browsers render web content to their abilities, not by spec. Some my not support parts of HTML4 but support other parts from HTML five. No doctype — creators of HTML5 would be glad to get rid of it, alas, it is required to force browsers to use standards compliant rendering mode. Without doctype they fall back to quirks mode, which is bad. CSS — unified rendering would be nice, but that's not the subject of HTML spec. And reset stylesheets are just plain stupid. Self closing — historical reasons… :) Custom tags — what? You can invent any tags you like and modern browsers will allow you to style them. If you want custom tags, you don't need a spec. The point of the spec to define agreement on what which elements means. Custom attributes: HTML5 has that in the form of data-* attributes and elements get element.dataset accessor. Yeah, I have click to flash installed, so my first reaction was "what, flash?". It would be so nice to see it done with http://www.rgraph.net/ or something similar. touch somefile.txt Care to elaborate, which of the points are incorrect? How was using multitouch on that nice screen (half the resoliution of the iPhone and 35k colors only)? Was the WiFi integration seamless? How was browsing experience with mobile IE? Installing all those apps was an one click deal, right? Was distributing them a breeze too? Yes, you refer to many . I am too dumb to decipher that, can you name those many by numbers? What exactly is incorrect in my assumptions about the screen: is not 240x320 half the resolution of 480x320? Is not 16bit color space not as deep as 24bit? Did that HTC indeed have multitouch? How did that WiFi work seamlesly? Connected on demand to the known networks in the backround, without need for you to do anything? "Prety decent" can mean many things. But it does not mean that you could see the page looking exactly like it did on desktop. Not to mention JS and CSS support. Regarding apps: I am not talking about installing the app once it is on your phone. That's zero clicks on iPhone. I am talking about the whole experience. It mentions nokia, motorola and the other manufacturers as being unable to create such a innovative product like the iphone. It is not true. So they did make one? If they did not, how is that not true? You dismiss many of the point on the ground "existed, but maybe not as usable". That's exactly why iPhone became popular: because it made many of nice features actually usable for the John S. User, not only for John Geek. I think you have missed "quite" from the title, and this bit from the article: I hear two complaints most often when this talk comes up. The first is that eval() is dangerous. That usually means that we could take in some malicious code from a user and pass it into eval() where it would destroy our hard drive, or worse. Only, I'm not doing that. I made the variables here and user input is not involved. I think we're safe this time. _Full linux experience_ Sounds scary. That's exactly how internet is supposed to work. Or did you mean www? That is not the same. They are using http://www.apple.com/itms/ namespace, not the w3c one. It does not make much sense for XHTML1.1, but trying to validate their markup is not making any more sense either. atheist zombies Did ever something named "X killer" actually kill X? My favourite password: passphrase. Something like "some easy to remember phrase. With some punctuation and 1 or 2 numbers!" Either this, or derivative: "setrp.Wspa1||2n!". Psychology is yet to answer how brain is capable of simulating future, how does it work with time or just the "simple" question—why we sleep among other things. Kurzweil overestimates our understanding of how we work. And the guys who will have to maintain that promptly shipped code will say a lot of "wtf?" and waste 10x more time on it. Some of his books are not bad actually. At least I did like „Survival is not Enough“ and did agree with many things he says in „Permission Marketing“. His recent activity however is not interesting at all, I quit reading his blog long time ago: http://rimantas.com/en/archives/2008/04/29/bye-seth/ :) Iteresting, how new language will solve problems with have little to do with the language itself? I saw "lots of evidence" in lots of places, then I saw "there is some evidence" in some places, but I don't recall it going further than that. This is sad, because it makes the whole subject a matter of belief. Even worse, anyone having a bit dissident opinion is likely to be treated as nay-sayer, heretic and the enemy of the Earth. I don't see that as scientific way to tackle the problem. Does the judge have an Gmail account? I may want to send some sensative information there and the ask him how should I deal with that. Sometimes I want to retain my freedom not to have freedom in certain cases. Seems like not many know about sql_mode in MySQL :( http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.1/en/server-sql-mode.html And the Earth is smoother than billiard ball: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/te... Proper protection in a car crash means two things: you must be safe from being crushed directly, and deceleration must be slow enough to keep you from internal organs injuries and injures to your neck. The first is taken care by firm safety cage of the car, and the controlled crumpling/deformation of the front of the car slows down the crash taking care of the second case. More time = less deceleration = less stress on your body. Sturdy cage only is not enough—you would not want to be dropped from sixth floor in metal safe, would you? The safe itself may survive the impact "without a scratch", but that would not help you much… I guess suggesting to read http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1555-learning-from-failure-is... would not count as a good answer :( uhm, if we browsers do owe something and then all ads business shifts from pay-per-view to pay-per-click model does that mean that we will be obliged to click the ads? I do not use ad-blocker (to be fair I do use clicktoflash plugin but the main reason is subpar flash performance on OS X) but I don't click on ads either. I am not sure one can use civilization and population interchangeably, for one reason: population either adopts to new conditions or dies, civilization, on the other hand may change environment and survive. That's how human species differ: they are alloplastic, while other are autoplastic. Will it work as well as Flash now works on OS X? If so, then thanks, but no thanks. > They are real needs. So, not having these features means not to satisfy some user requirements. Not necessarily. Some are needs, some just wants. Software should offer solution to user's problem, not features. Often features are wanted just because user has a particular vision of solving his problem which requires these features, but that does not mean that there is not more elegant way to solve the problem with less features. > I'm afraid UI/feature minimalists will never understand why on earth so many people will pay $650 (or whatever) for MS Office, the mother of all feature monsters. I am afraid many who paid for MS Office won't know themselves. And I bet many of those still use spaces instead of tabs in Word :( Hm. If it is content, then it should work in such a way that it can be accessed no matter what tries to get it: webcrawler, javascript incapable browser or user with a "normal" browser but JS switched off. If user agent is ajax-capable, then use ajax. Google for "hijax". If it is a webapp, then making it crawlable does not make sense anyway. Why would anyone want to discard the end result there? It matters. CEO did not make his point by yelling. The point was made by explanation that followed the yelling. So yes, you are right, yelling did shut down the brains of the author for a while, but wasn't that the idea? To get him out of "know-all" attitude? To reboot the brain and feed a new program into it? Not that I like this way of getting the point across, but in this case it did work. except that source code couldn't possibly show on piratebay. Somehow I doubt norwegians would have any of that white guilt. The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry The Inmates Are Running the Asylum by Alan Cooper Does "explode" mean that it will be fragmented to a zillion of unmanageable pieces? :( That's nothing. I remember putting webiste into a frameset just to avoid having scrollbar in Netscape 3 \o/. I think Tom DeMarco would argue, that you can blame the management for that. In Slack a part of the book is dedicated to change and growth and he tackles the timing of change and the responsibility for it among other things. DeMarco believes, that change (reinvention) must be driven by middle management. The funny thing is that both of my Mighty Mouses did last six month before they got clogged uncleanably. Does that take into account R&D? Repeating the bit about spending "EUR 40 billion in R&D during the last two decades" adds more weight to it? I just hate when people criticize things they know little about. Article is full of incorrect statements: There are at least 3 browsers to pass acid3 test: Chrome 3, Safari 4, Opera 10. There ir a way to have equal height divs: check out display: table-* properties. Supportend in IE8 too. There is a way to have rounded corners in CSS, supported in Safari, Firefox, Chrome. There is a way to have box shadow, and gradients in CSS. Even animation, transformation and transitions. They don't charge for minor point (that would be y part in 10.x.y) releases. More than that, upgrade from 10.0 "Cheetah" to 10.1 "Puma" was free, and upgrade from 10.5 "Leopard" to 10.6 "Snow Leopard" is only $29. To prevent that in he future: 1) Test in all browsers you are supporting 2) Learn about BTW article linked in OP suggest you can use any format for the image, and suggests .jpg. This is very bad choice—save jpegs for larger photos, this format does not work well for icons/buttons, PNG (preferred) or GIF would be much better option. How is running Windows on Apple hardware hard? > I think only Ars could pull off a 15-page review of an OS. They have 23 pages for Snow Leopard, not sure if that's the record. Forget XHTML 2: http://www.w3.org/News/2009#item119 "Lost in translation" is like a good parfume or wine: you need some time to pass to get the best of it, be it true scent or fine aftertaste. > How long does it take you to write 140 characters or less? The proper question would be "how much does the context switching costs?", and the answer would be "a lot". Some estimate it can take 30 minutes to get back into working mode. The proper way to put it would be "technological progress reduces the value of the knowledge of outdated technologies", which is then reduced to "Doh" at which point one can question the need of blog post about it. When I see what Flash does to my CPU on OS X I somehow doubt that it is more efficient. Future is bright in EU regarding this matter: http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSTRE55S1XZ2... "Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men." - Kin Hubbard Talking about 37signals it is not exactly random number and random word: http://37signals.com/33 > But the truth is, the answer to that is not much. This claim may sound like truthful only if one never used git indeed. EDIT: I think I should expand this. There is what I would miss if git is taken away from me, in no particular order: Speed, speed, speed. Operations which SVN performs over network (and not in the most efficient way) git performs locally and it's blazingly fast. Ease of branching and merging. Local branches, squash commits. Rebase. Staging area. Stash. Having entire history at my fingertips and not having single point of failure which SVN central server is. The fact that entire history in git often takes less space than single checkout of SVN is a nice bonus. Not having each and every directory of my project littered with .svn Github. There is more, of course. I was kind of Subversion fan when I first saw Linus talk on git ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8 ) and I did not like it at all. Then I did try git and saw the light :) I am still using SVN, but only because I have to. Now it looks dated (mature?), slow, clunky and fragile. My impression is that Mac users tend to look down on Windows—the OS itself not its users, while liking Apple products makes you douchebag, sheeple and brainless victim of Apple marketing. Maybe that's because the most of Apple users do have experience with MS products which is not always the case on the opposite side. Some nice graphs: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/001015.html Is there any hope that someday people will stop to think that more Mpx is more quality? It's just bigger size, that's all. And if more Mpx are crammed on the sensor of the same size, that usually means more noise too. I just did try it. Gitx has nothing to fear for a while. What makes you think so? Just a thought: if said work is of substantial length then you have enough context/space to express all the subtleties by other means. In case of the message limited to 140 characters or email one-liner you need some crutches to the same. Are we trading 5 lines of email for one ":)"? Well, we do have PHP5.3 now and it has namespaces as well as PDO. http://michelf.com/projects/sim-daltonism/ Because we live in the global world and you can never be sure where will your code end up. I have had to deal with comments and DB schema which were neither in English nor in a language I speak, there was little pleasure in that. Having at least schema and indetifiers in English would have made everything much much easier. All programming languages I work with are more or less English based, so having schemas, comments, etc. in English is just a good fit and makes code easier to get should it land on the lap of some guy in another country. Meh. Apple does understand software. A bounch of peope hired to do reviews for thousands of apps flooding into App Store daily may not. Not sure what was more thrilling to read "Dracula" or this "Old journals". Interesting that this was not mentioned yet: http://haystack.com/ Norway. "Perl works the way I think just as jQuery does" Never ever say this again. If the Greenhouse effect was the only effect affecting climate, you'd have a point. In Poland the global consensus is that God exists. The problem is "overwhelming scientific evidence" — turns out it is not that overhelming. If you try to dig deeper you will get "there is some evidence" and "our models show". I don't deny GW or even AGW, but it is sad to see how in this case science is somewhere in the background and all is mostly polictics and beliefs. 1) Nobody moved away from XML syntax. You can still use it if you want. 2) In most cases XML syntax is pointelss. 3) HTML5 has nothing to do with CSS, and CSS is doing fine, far from being "massive failure". Uhm? Maybe you mean "unless browseres have predefined CSS rules for new elements"? What new syntax are you talking about? There is no new syntax in HTML5. In this case, they do. As do and and any other element you can come up with. Can you list _worthwhile things had workable implementations before HTML 5_ and the stuff they implemented before HTML5? ? ? local storage? It is even more impressive keeping in mind that the planned duration for the mission was three months (90 sols, to be precise). Also, the page looks very 1998-notepad-hand-coded html. Not the best calling card for a computer geek dude. Go get some Dreamweaver time somewhere and make a nice layout. Sorry for being a bit off-topic there, but I'd like to comment on that bit. 1998-style code would be a non-semantic mess of tables and other elements thrown in just for a visual effect. Code of yangman.ca however is very clean and semantic. I wish all those zillions of web agencies and "professionals" who are stuck in last century would be able to write code as good as this. Getting DW won't help a bit there. Adding some niceties via CSS may. What's interesting, David links only to OpenDNS policy, but does not provide a link to Google's which would make an easier to compare… Already migrated. Less than three minutes from submitting the ticket I got the response and started the process. It took some time to get disks copied, but overall everything went flawlessly. I am impressed. he put some gravel in (not sure why) The further away the center of mass of a rocket is from center of pressure the more stable the rocket is. Apollo's Launch Escape Vehicle, which was essentially a rocket with the payload below the engine, had a few hundred kilos of depleted uranium ballast placed at the top exactly for this reason—to move CM far enough for the vehicle to be stable. Not sure what you mean by "those" things. In LES case the reason was the one I stated for a simple reason: LES did not have gimbaled engines and had to rely on aerodynamics to be stable. Launch Abort System for the new Orion spacecraft will have attitude control motor and thus no need for ballast. See http://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/2008001... for more. I will quote just a bit: Another key difference from the Apollo launch escape system is with regard to control. Apollo utilized a passive system that relied on ~1,000 lbm of ballast to keep the abort vehicle passively stable during the escape rocket burn HTML has a reputation of being "easy" and it just sad to see how many luminaries just don't care enough to educate themselves at leas a bit about such easy language. "CSS class" my [censored]. Luckily a lot of commenters set things straight. Let's hope the web-ninja they hire will know that one does not need to put "javascript:" into onclick event handler, or better yet, that this pseudo-protocol should be avoided. According to statistics an average american has one breast and one testicle. The chart mcormier cited is for w3schools.com There is nothing surprising that or pretty much any webdevs-oriented site has a low share of IE. Browser stats for two websites can vary wildly depending on the site itself, and even country. For example Opera is very popular in Russia—27% ( http://www.rankingru.com/en/rankings/web-browsers-groups.htm... ) and Ukraine where it tops the browsers chart: http://www.ranking.com.ua/en/rankings/web-browsers-groups.ht... . Related: http://my.opera.com/dstorey/blog/2009/03/16/a-look-at-deskto... I have used SmartCVS and SmartSVN on Windows, Linux and OS X. Got the same nice interface on each of the systems. TortoiseSVN is Windows only, afaik. I might try SmartGit too, but I doubt I will use it as much as I did SmartSVN—I think I prefer GitX and command line. I am pretty sure that many do choose "free"/pirated/whatever becaus it is simply more convenient to get and manage content this way. Consider all the hops you need to jump buying physical DVD and torrenting the movie. Or think about this scenario: you here a song you like somewhere and you want to get it. Digital world: launch your Shazam/Sound hound, let it identify the song, press "buy". Physical world… I will let you to work out this one yourself. And you may end up buying 10 more songs you don't like just because they were on the same album. There is the reason why ITMS is #1 music seller in US. Alas, producers are stuck in their world of physical copies. They do have a problem there—in the digital world they are pretty much unneeded middlemen. Let's remember that if one got illegal copy of some piece this does not directly translates to lost sale — if there was no way to get it for free our hero could just as well decide "to the hell with it". However, illegal copies and copyrated material on youtube, etc. can sometimes work as an advertisement for an artist and mean more ticket sales for the next gig. So, unbeatable DRM would probably mean slightly more sales, but less revenue for the artists. > I can't even remember the last time I used them to do anything where it wasn't a hassle. I can. It had never been a hassle to me. If there are several payment options available I choose paypal—it knows my shipping address and saves me from filling the same borring form again. Somehow it did not help IE with neither rendering capabilities nor speed. And no, Acid3 does not test for "random features"—it test for stuff that is essential in web apps, mainly DOM manipulation. What would I do? I'd continue to make money by selling hardware, which is exactly what Apple does now. Sure, ITMS, App Store provide nice revenue too, but the bulk still comes from hardware. Nope, there in Lithuania show was delayed by 30 minutes for the same reason. Another one went without sound… You know, times has changed recently. Now we have not only web sites, but the web apps too. And there different rules apply. On windows. It makes a lot of sense to specify an OS in these cases. Only if you do not know CSS or do not know the capabilities of modern browsers. But in this case you should be not writing HTML or CSS at all. I guess I should clarify a bit: every modern browser (and in this case IE8 is also counted in) has support for display: table-* property. On the other hand, 2003 was the last year when I did layout using table. I did pixel-perfect cross browser layouts with CSS five years ago, and they had to work in IE5 back then. So yes, I do know what I am talking about and stand by my position. Yep, mostly semantic markup. Sure then you could not avoid some extra div there and here, but that did not come even near the mess. I've tried to stay away from divitis and classitis as much as possible. http://a.deveria.com/caniuse/ Wikipedia: "With the exception of insects, hummingbirds while in flight have the highest metabolism of all animals, a necessity in order to support the rapid beating of their wings. Their heart rate can reach as high as 1,260 beats per minute, a rate once measured in a Blue-throated Hummingbird.[9] They also consume more than their own weight in nectar each day, and to do so they must visit hundreds of flowers daily. Hummingbirds are continuously hours away from starving to death, and are able to store just enough energy to survive overnight." Can't wait till someone tries to get explosives on the plane weaved into clothes. Actually you may let the one you are showing the trick to to choose the order, you need just to notice where did the column with the card go. 2 if it is on the bottom, 1 if in the middle, 0 if on the top. When you got your three digits, reverse them and convert from ternary to decimal—that will be the number of cards above yours. In the case you are putting column with a card to the middle you'd get 111, that is 1 3^2+1 3^1+1*3^0=9+3+1=13. Hence your card is #14. I think this was in one of the books by M. Gardner. Corrections: bottom-2, middle-1, top-0. 1×3^2+1×3^1+1×3^0=9+3+1=13