I got the impression from James's post that he wasn't actually "giving up" his millions, he was locking up all future profits in the business and reinvesting them. He converted HotOrNot from an S-corporation to a C-corporation. You can certainly reinvest profits from an S-corporation into the business or pay out profits from a C-corporation as dividends, but the incentives go different ways. S-corp earnings are taxed as ordinary income (none of the double-taxation of corporate profits) and S-corps can't give out different classes of shares, so there's an incentive to distribute the profits out to the shareholders. C-corp earnings are taxed once at the corporate level and then once as dividend earnings, yet they can have multiple classes of shareholders. The incentive is to build up the business and eventually seek an IPO, acquisition, or other liquidity event. It almost looks like James is positioning HotOrNot to get big and get bought. I did the first 7 semesters of my undergrad in physics, and still have a lot of friends doing Ph.Ds in physics. A bachelors in physics opens up a large expanse of possibilities - finance, management consulting, economics consulting, computer programming, high school math teacher, and of course physics grad school. A Ph.D in physics qualifies you for exactly one job: physics professor. There are far more opportunities for a physics drop-out than a physics Ph.D, particularly for someone who doesn't absolutely, positively love the subject. Is there anyone doing case studies of *unsuccessful* internet startups? The successful ones are helpful, but it's easy to fall prey to survivorship bias, i.e. there's no guarantee that any commonalities have to do with them being *successful* rather than *internet* or *startups*. A group of unsuccessful startups would be a nice control group, and maybe then we could draw some better conclusions about what makes a startup successful. And support paragraphs! Most informative, insightful comments take more than a couple of sentences. Currently, that makes them unreadable. This is a really cool idea...too bad it's over across the pond. There any gatherings like this in, say, the Boston area? In a good OS (I believe Linux qualifies), you only need to save the contents of the registers. Each process has its own address space, each thread has its own stack, and so there's no need to much around with memory beyond that. Stacks aren't actually copied around, the processor simply restores %esp and %ebp from the saved process data structure. IIR my OS design course correctly, the big performance hit is the switch from user mode to kernel mode. I'm not sure *why* that's a big hit, but it seems to be a slow operation on most processors. You can use user-mode threading libraries in C/C++, but Apache doesn't. Perhaps that's why it's slow. (The main reason it doesn't is probably that user-mode threading blocks the whole process when one thread performs IO, which obviously doesn't work well in an I/O bound application like a webserver.) There are other C/C++ webservers - like Lighttpd - that use poll/epoll for I/O. These should run even faster than YAWS/Erlang; anyone have any benchmarks to compare them? That's what PHP/MySQL are for. ;-) Many startups begin without VC funding and then take it as a mezzanine round before the IPO. They don't need the cash at that point; oftentimes, they're already profitable. But the VCs have connections to investment banks that can smooth the IPO process. Microsoft is the best example of this. I think ViaWeb may have done something similar before its acquisition. A lot of them may have been from the startup school(s). Sacca, Wolfram, and Woz were speakers at the first startup school, and the dates on the audio files are right after it. Only 1.045? ;-) Release it. I once worked at one startup that decided that their product sucked too much to even put into the hands of beta customers and went about rewriting it. The VCs canceled the rewrite 2 months later and shut the company down 6 months later. A little later, I was at another startup whose product IMHO sucks *more*. They, however, are profitable. They manage to get customers to fork over several hundred thousands dollars to use the product. There's almost *always* a buyer if you look hard enough. Entrepreneurs are usually the most critical of their own product; they ought to be, that's what makes them improve. But chances are, somebody somewhere really wants what you're making, and your job is to find them. Multiple founders != multiple programmers. Many startups with multiple founders have one founder do most or all of the programming work. As I understand it, Reddit is like this: Steve does the coding while Alexis does all the other miscellaneous work. Sun had 4 founders, but Bill Joy did the programming. AFAIK, DHH did most of the initial programming for 37signals, though they obviously have more now. Their advice (in "Getting Real") was to start with one programmer, one designer, and one person who could do swing work - a little server admin here, a little CSS work there. This also squares with Fred Brooks's advice in Mythical Man Month - a programming team should be organized like a surgical team, with one lead programmer and 5-7 people running support so he has no distractions. There're some big advantages to this structure, mostly involving communications overhead. With one programmer, you don't need to coordinate who does what. You don't need to explain what needs to be done. You don't waste time fixing broken interfaces. You can move quickly and add whatever features the customers want. I've worked for two startups that have both suffered by starting with a team of 4-5 (1 founder + 3-4 employees) instead of a single founder. It's very hard to get everyone on the same page on the requirements, particularly if the employees don't know the domain well. And when startups change direction frequently, multi-programmers tend to get demoralized (because the switching costs are higher and comparatively more effort went into the previous product), while single tech leads just throw away the old code and write whatever they need. Well, remember that he's selling bugtracking software. ;-) Many of Joel's articles are very good, but remember that they are designed to sell his product. You do need *some* sort of bug tracking system, but I've never found one that I like. I've used Bugzilla, Mantis, FogBugz (Joel's product) and reported on Jira, Sun's bugtracking system, and SourceForge, but the only one I halfway-liked was Jira. At work, I use pencil & paper along with fixing bugs as they're reported. For my startup, I'll likely roll up some custom solution, as I haven't seen anything that comes close to meeting our requirements. I'll take a second look at what's out there first, though - I've heard good things about Trac, and maybe someone somewhere has come up with a decent bugtracker. I'd amend that to "Never partner with someone who is not technically literate as you, *if* they think they are as technically literate as you or believe that technical literacy is not important." It can often be very productive to partner with someone with people skills, or business skills, or finance skills. Those things *are* important, and yet you won't have spare brain cycles for them if you're doing hardcore programming. That person just needs to realize that *you* call the shots when it comes to technical decisions. Warren Buffett's advice applies, as always. "It's not how much you know that matters. It's how realistically you assess what you *don't* know." The prequel "Built to Last", however, is great for startups. He studied "visionary companies" in that one (including HP, IBM, Merck, 3M, etc.), and includes a lot about *how* a visionary company starts. I heard echoes of Built to Last in Woz's presentation at the startup school, so it's not just old-economy companies that it applies to. "In my opinion, startup founders hit mid life crisis in their early 20s." I'd agree with that. I'm 25 and sometimes wonder if I'm over the hill. Then again, my boss in my day job (sole founder and CEO) is almost 50. So it's not *impossible* to start late. I have noticed that it makes things difficult, culture-wise. The startup I'm at has a very 9-5 culture and tends to move fairly slowly, which is frustrating for young, ambitious hires like myself. It does have customers and manages to turn a profit, but I worry that we're falling behind the technology curve and may find ourselves without customers if a major market shake-out occurs or a competitor invades. The examples given also support JWZ's theory of social software: software exists to get people (or dogs) laid. I'm the tech lead. I make all technology choices, figure out the overall system architecture, and so far have done all the programming (we may pull other founders over to some of the easier programming tasks later). I did not have the original idea, nor do I have any talent at graphics design, so I'm glad I have cofounders for that part. There's one other problem with single founders that I don't think gets enough press: When you're a single founder, it's very easy to think in terms of "You against the world", with other people being mere tools in your quest for global domination. Because, well, a single-founder startup really is you against the world. ;-) Unfortunately, that attitude can carry over into dealings with employees, investors, etc. No employee is going to give his best effort when he thinks he's just a tool for some entrepeneur's quest for world domination. When you have cofounders, there's much more of a shared sense of working towards a goal. If your smart, that'll carry over to employees too: they'll feel like they're working for the company and customers and not just for you. That kind of culture is very difficult to generate after the fact. You can start with it and lose it, but you can't start without it and hope to gain it. It's interesting that one of the more successful single founders - Bob Metcalfe of 3Com - said that the secret of his success was "giving away his company". It's that kind of attitude that you need. This article has some wonderful correlation-vs-causation confusion, eg. "Job-satisfaction levels tend to rise as the hours worked per week increase" could be better phrased as "People work more hours per day as their job satisfaction rises (but start to hate their jobs once they start working 60+ hours per week)" and "respondents who expect to remain in their current position a year from now reported higher satisfaction levels" could be better phrased as "People with low job satisfaction do not intend to remain in their current position a year from now." How about hooking up previously-successful YC entrepeneurs with new applicants? At this point, I'd value the Reddit guys as much as mentors as you or RTM (no offense). YC would then grow like a B-tree. In the beginning, all founders are on the same "page". As the page grows beyond its size limits, the page is split, successful founders are promoted up to the parent level, and there's more room to new founders at the leaves. You'd need to run it by former YC-entrepeneurs, and it'll probably be a few years until their startups are self-sustaining (or bust) enough for them to take on other projects. But if they're like other entrepeneurs at all, they'd probably love to take a role in mentoring new YC applicants. I'm curious - why is a pre-launch startup hiring a COO to begin with? Don't you have to launch in order to have something to operate? (I'm of the opinion that founders should avoid hiring anyone for as long as possible, instead bootstrapping off their own abilities until they gain some traction in the marketplace. In addition to saving money, this also gives you a better idea of precisely what you *need* so you don't hire for the wrong qualities. It'd suck to hire a COO with experience scaling Java enterprise apps to 99.9999% uptime, only to find that your actual business model demands a Python consumer webapp with few uptime requirements but massive social scaling challenges.) Second-tier university endowments and pension funds, the ones trying to catch Harvard & Amherst in endowment performance. They know that if the fund performs well, they look like a genius, yet if it fails, the poor college students and retirees are left holding the bag. The whole economy has a huge moral hazard problem. There's a reason why John Nash won a Nobel Prize. There was some study - I think it was linked to on Dharmesh Shah's blog (onstartups.com) a month or so back - that indicated the success rate for first time entrepreneurs in VC-funded tech startups was 18%. For entrepreneurs with a previous failure it was 20%, and for entrepreneurs with a previous success it was 33%. I suspect that the success rate is somewhat higher for bootstrapped tech startups, because you're given the option of failing and trying again with the same company, different idea. Usually if you fail with a VC's money, they liquidate the company. If you fail with your own, you can take the assets you have and try to redirect them to a new line of business. I thought I saw another study somewhere that said that the average number of failures a bootstrapped startup goes through is 4. That squares with the success rates for VC-funded startups above, if you assume that each failure simply means the entrepreneur tries a new idea. You have a 18% chance of succeeding on the first try, a 33% chance of succeeding by the second try (82% * 82% = 67.24% chance of failing), a 45% chance of succeeding by the third try, and a 55% chance of succeeding by the fourth try, for an average of 3-4 attempts necessary before success. More selective doesn't necessarily mean a higher success rate, if VCs can't pick the winners at a higher rate than their general frequency in the population. Wasn't there just an article on here about how VC-funded "A teams" do no better, and often worse, than VC-funded "B teams". And I thought your "Unified Theory of VC suckage" mentioned this too, though rereading it, it seems more about how VCs take winners startups and make them fail rather than how winners avoid the VCs to start with. That said, my high school math teacher and first employer was an angel investor, and he said his success rate was *well* under 10%. A lot also depends on your definition of failure. When Ludicorp shut down Game Neverending and launched Flickr, would that count as a failure? If they had taken millions in VC funding, would they have been able to shut down GNE and say "We're going to build a photo-IM client"? I'm currently working for a (profitable) startup with 4 products. Only one of them is generating any revenue. If that had been VC-funded, it likely would have been 4 separate companies, 3 of which were failures. Reading and keeping up with the news is kinda odd. 99% of what you read is absolutely useless. It will never make a difference in what you do, and you'll probably never use it. However, that remaining 1% can save you *huge* amounts of time or open up massive opportunities. Just a couple examples where procrastination has changed my life. When I was 16, my family went shopping at the Tanger 2 supermall in Riverhead NY. I hate shopping. So, I did what I normally do: I found a bookstore, grabbed an interesting book, curled up on the floor, and read half of it by the time my parents got back. On that particular occasion, the book was "Learn Java 1.0.2 in 7 days" or some other tripe like that, the year was 1997, and the Java wave was just taking off. One book led to a second and third, and then a whole shelf full, and eventually an internship at MITRE corporation. While on the job, I was asked to learn Perl. A couple years later, immediately after high school graduation, my math teacher's wife was starting a company and had an immediate need for some Perl programming. In the year I spent at that company, I got to experience a dot-com run exclusively by teenagers, 3 different business plans, all the tribulations of a startup, and eventually an ugly VC takeover. While slacking off at that company because I had no work to do, I found Fanfiction.net and the Harry Potter fandom. I read a whole bunch of fics, then my workload picked up again and I promply forgot about it. I went back to it during college, and ended up joining FictionAlley.org, which was just starting at the time. Over the 4 years that I volunteered for FA, I saw it grow from 2,000 registered users to 100,000 registered users, from one machine to three, had my first experience managing teams of software developers and got to take my first major project from conception to completion. Separate thread - at an internship after my freshman year, I was goofing off at work and reading Ward's Wiki. I ended up getting pretty involved in housekeeping there after the internship ended, and struck up a few friendships. One of them led *directly* to the startup I'm currently employed at, via a couple of internships. Now that I'm co-founding a startup of my own, I'm finding that all the different internships and threads and so on pull together. I know what to expect in terms of growing a community. I've had experience with 2-3 different technology stacks (and found they all suck ;-), but at least that led me to one I'm reasonably happy with). I know all about scaling concerns and breaking an app out over multiple boxes. I've got some experience in judging whether a business model will fly or not. (I think our business model sucks, BTW, and really doubt it'll get us off the ground, but we've gotta start somewhere.) All of this came, in some way or another, from procrastination. Incidentally, running a startup seems much the same way. The vast majority of stuff you do is worthless, but the 1% that pays off really pays off big. Unfortunately, you have no way of knowing what that 1% is until you try it. People talk about how Bill Gates got lucky with the IBM deal - the thing is, Microsoft had a zillion balls in the air at the time, and if they hadn't gotten lucky with IBM they might very well have gotten lucky elsewhere. Caterina Fake: http://www.caterina.net/archive/000965.html Probably the worst (= most overdone) business idea in the history of the planet: internet games + social networking. Well, second worst. Worst would probably be "Find gold in California." Launching within a month, hopefully. I'd really like to see more of these - postmortems for sites that didn't succeed. There's a big survivorship bias in the accounts you hear - nobody writes about their failures. We'd have a more accurate picture if we had more information about things that didn't work. Come to think of it, I wrote a postmortem for FictionAlley a couple years ago that I ought to share... Some background, since this was written for HP fandom members who already know what FictionAlley is... FictionAlley.org is the leading Harry Potter fanfiction site on the net (a category that's larger than you might expect). It was small but growing when I first joined the staff, having about 2000 registered members and roughly 30-50 simultaneous users at any given time. Over the next 5 years, it grew to 100,000 registered users and 350-500 simultaneous sessions. This postmortem's describing the project to replace the original upload system - which was basically built on hand-uploaded HTML files and off-the-shelf forum and directory software - with a more modern database system. This project wasn't really a failure per se: it's in production now, people use it, and FictionAlley's still getting 350 or so simultaneous users. However, it took much longer and was much more difficult than expected, and the final result has fewer features and more bugs than I'd like. I initially figured on 3 months to finish; it took 3 years. I dunno about that: "Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 hours" became popular within 48 hours after it was published, and I have no built-in audience. I posted it to the Haskell-cafe mailing list, someone else posted it to Reddit, and when I woke up the next morning it was on the front page of both Reddit and Delicious. It's now the top Google result for "haskell scheme" and on the front page of results for "haskell tutorial". I think the secret to getting widespread publicity is to build something that people want and are eagerly awaiting . I wrote "Write yourself a Scheme..." because I'd seen complaint after complaint about how there were no Haskell tutorials that build a practical project or deal with IO, so I started with some practical IO in the first chapter. When the tutorial appeared, it merely fulfilled a niche that everyone wanted to be filled. FictionAlley was the same way, though I wasn't around for its birth. Basically, everyone was complaining about how Fanfiction.net sucked and the servers were always down and they eliminated the forums and arbitrarily removed stories. So eventually, some of the leading members of the HP fandom said "Well, let's start our own site then." And since everyone was already dissatisfied with FF.net, it spread easily through word-of-mouth. Would you recommend a similar tactic now? Anyone want to bet that their predictions will be wrong? Depend what your goals are. Are you looking to turn a hobby into a business and grow it with minimal cost? LiveJournal. Do you want to start small and opportunistically grow the business over a long period of time? Microsoft. Do you want to change the world and change it now? Google. Are you looking for examples of what not to do? Value America, or just go work for some startup off the street. Are you looking to bootstrap a company for very little money and the flip it to an acquirer? Reddit, ViaWeb (Yahoo Store), or Vermeer (Microsoft FrontPage). The latter took VC investment, so I wouldn't really call it "very little money". Are you looking to succeed in some business, any business, and do it on a dime? Flickr. This ties in with Clayton Christensen's work in The Innovator's Dilemma and The Innovator's Solution. Christensen's thesis is basically that technological change is continuously creating Local Mins like point C, in the form of disruptive innovations. These are technological breakthroughs that target a smaller, less profitable market. Since they're less profitable, they're unattractive to established players, who're stuck at point B. However, their performance can quickly improve up to point D. As a startup, you want to enter at point C and target point D instead of going for point B. If you head for point B, you'll face the incumbents, all of whom have more resource than you. If you head for point D, the incumbents have to go down through point C in order to catch you. They won't want to do so, because it's painful for them. Best guesses: a.) Because the VCs will fire some of them b.) Because the remainder will quit over the treatment of the employees in a.) VCs often like to install their own people in key positions within their newly funded companies. Oftentimes, the people they replace are well-respected nonconformists. The replacements are well-connected incompetents. There's nothing more demoralizing than some moron in a suit taking over for the guy who's helped you a hundred times. Windows Vista. The two aren't mutually exclusive. I went to the 2005 startup school and work at an existing startup. Also, judging by the people I met at the startup school - few have an actual business with customers and such, except for YCombinator founders (in most cases, not even them ;-)). If they did, they'd probably be attending to the business instead. Many, however, had an idea for a business or a very-early-stage business (some product development, possibly a small prototype in front of potential customers). I watched the dinner and aftermath, including all the pizza prank calls and various other abuse. I didn't see an easily-accessible feedback link (note to other startup founders: include this), so I'll post my feedback here: 1. Congratulations. In two days, you have managed to create a community more fucked up than YouTube. 2. I started watching because of the outrageous stuff other viewers were doing. When you go to curb the abuse, be aware of this. Many of your viewers may be watching only because folks are doing stupid stuff like ordering pizza and making yCombinator pay for it. Lose the hassles and you may lose the audience. 3. Reality TV shows succeed because they're unreal . TV execs hype up and dramatize all sorts of conflict, because that's what gets viewers to tune in. Nobody wants to see an ordinary person's life, because it's boring . 4. Who do you want to be - Anna Nicole Smith or Paris Hilton. Your success in attracting viewers is proportional to how trashy you are willing to become. Anna Nicole Smith and Paris Hilton remain media darlings because we can look at them and think "Wow, look how pathetic they are." It makes us feel good about ourselves. Unless you are similarly pathetic, people will not want to look at you. Respectable people like Tim Berners Lee or Steve Wozniak seldom end up on the news. 5. If you are respectable and still choose to go on reality TV, you're setting yourself up to be torn down. The justin.tv tagline is accurate: "An exercise in narcissism". Narcissism is going to prompt abuse. People think that since you've set yourself up on a pedestal, you've given them an opening to tear you down. 6. I initially had logged in watch the yCombinator dinner. That proved impractical because of the technology: the audio quality was shitty, the video would randomly drop out, and you couldn't really see anything anyway. Part of the problem for attracting a decent community is there's nothing for decent people to do. That leaves it as a festival for troublemakers. 7. Have you guys not read Shirky? Almost all the problems tonight could've been predicted from his articles. http://shirky.com/. 8. Lose the arrogance. Kyle was bragging about his 1337 MIT CS skillz in the chatroom. Emmett was talking about their being only a finite number of attack vectors, and he'd have them all patched in a week. In my experience, never underestimate the clever things people will do to break your system. People will still be finding ways to abuse it a year from now, assuming it still exists. The arrogance is just an invitation for them to try harder. 9. I won't be back, mostly because this is a complete waste of time. But I thought I'd give you the courtesy of telling you why I won't be back. Posted them here: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=5313 before this thread was open. There was a documentary done about one of the dot-com busts in 2000. I can't remember the title, but Google may be able to help you. The problem is that most of work starting a startup is boring . So either a documentary distorts what actually goes on and shows you the interesting parts (like the one above), or you lose interest and forget about it. My day basically goes: 1. Wake up. Start development VM. Check yCombinator. Reply to a post or two while VM boots up. 2. Implement a feature, or some administrative script, or setup some software package on server, while eating breakfast. 3. Go to day job. Work on somebody else's startup for 8 hours. Use breaks etc. to resource technologies I'll need for that night's programming. 3.b. Sketch out some feature longhand in a notebook on the train home. 4. Come home. Implement the low-hanging fruit that I just researched. 5. Eat dinner 6. Spend 2-3 hours working on some of the larger tasks that need doing. 7. Repeat. It's pretty productive, but hardly good TV. The documentary would basically be "Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer." I am keeping a blog (poorly - been 2 weeks since I updated) with the day-to-day stuff. But really, that's just "Here's the challenge we just faced. Here's how we solved it. Rinse, lather, repeat." Alternate title: "How to start a pyramid scheme in 10 days" Many startups already let you do this, if you find them on launch. news.ycombinator's a good example: it was incredibly bare-bones from the beginning, and you've been able to watch it grow. If you were into Reddit at the beginning, you got to see that one evolve too. A lot of the work in starting up a startup involves mundane things like setting up servers, version control, feedback links, testing, etc. There's really nothing to see there. I'm tempted to open up my Subversion repository eventually (I started checking into svn after 1.5 weeks, when the app was basically nothing more than a login page), but I can't really do that until: a.) We've launched, so that we actually gain any of the publicity benefits of being an "open" startup b.) We have enough of a technological lead that it wouldn't be disastrous to have someone download the svn repository and immediately setup a clone. LiveJournal, for example, has gotten about zero leverage out of being open-source and had to deal with some fairly significant hassles. Cal addresses that by arranging his book in roughly the order that you should think about things. He recommends that you think about: 1. Version control 2. Issue tracking 3. One-click deploy 4. Internationalization 5. Security before you start building your application, then you build and release it, then (and only then) start thinking about: 6. Email 7. Web services 8. Scalability 9. Statistics & monitoring 10. APIs This mostly squares with my experiences (both with my own startup - currently on step 3, with 4, 5 and a launch-ready app already done - and working for others). The only changes I'd make are: 1. Move statistics and monitoring up the priority list, before launch. You want that data available to drive feature implementation. 2. I'm of two minds on internationalization. I think that most apps can wait until they're popular before they need to internationalize. However, i18n is really difficult to do later, after you've already built an app. I watched LiveJournal go through the process, and it wasn't pretty. So even though you don't need it, you may want to do it upfront because it'll be much harder later. My list, categorized: Business & Management 1. Innovator's Dilemma and Innovator's Solution by Clayton Christensen 2. Built to Last and Good to Great by Jim Collins. Built to Last is more applicable for startups. 3. Mythical Man Month by Fred Brooks. Anyone who has to manage a team of programmers and hasn't read this will fail utterly, unless they've already failed before (or been on a failing team). There's a lot that's counterintuitive about software project management. 4. Peter Drucker's work. Kinda long and repetitive, but some good insights. Marketing 1. All Marketers are Liars by Seth Godin. I like this better than Purple Cow, Guerilla Marketer's Handbook, and The Big Red Fez. Most of those have fairly obvious stuff. 2. The Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell 3. Crossing the Chasm by Geoffrey Moore Technical 1. Building Scalable Websites by Cal Henderson 2. High Performance MySQL by Jeremy Zawodny 3. Pragmatic Programmer by...well, it's mentioned elsewhere here. There are lots of other technical books I like, but most of them aren't directly relevant to the startup I'm building I don't know about that. I'm perhaps a bit unrepresentative since my normal job is also at a (later-stage, profitable) startup, but I found my day job is far more stressful than the startup. When you work for someone else, there are a large number of factors that you cannot control. You can't pick your technologies: you generally have to go along with what the rest of the team is already using. You can't pick your company culture: it's already been established. You can't pick your market (okay, you can't really either with your own startup). You're stuck with the existing codebase. All this is fine if you also pick up your employer's values and expectations. But I don't know any startup founder that's like this. Usually, if you're interested in starting a company, it's because you have some internal standards for the quality that you'd like your code to live up to and the ease with which users can use it. So if you're working for someone else, you can easily get stuck with your own standards and your employer's tools, and the two may not match. This is really, really stressful. When I'm working on my startup, at least I know that any problems I'm having are my fault. And I can fix them. If I don't like the quality of the code I'm putting out, I can make the call to postpone feature X and fix bug Y instead. If I find that a framework is becoming more of a hassle than a help, I can rip it out and replace it with my own code without my boss vetoing it. There's a whole other level of stress that comes from mixing both day job and startup. Right now, the most stressful thing in my life is wondering whether I should quit the day job to work full time on the startup. It's stressful because there is pitiably little information and yet it's an incredibly important decision. I won't know whether the reduced time available has caused me to miss my market opportunity until I've actually missed the market opportunity, at which point it's too late. Similarly, I won't know whether the added time pressure has made me mortgage the startup's codebase until it becomes impossible to work with, at which point it's generally too late to fix. Hah, multiple wives? You sure that's only quadratic? This is a hard question. I considered dropping out multiple times in college, but ended up sticking it out and getting my degree. I'm still not sure if it was the right choice, but it seems to be working out so far. Anyways, I have no answers, but I have some observations. One of my main fears in college was that I would graduate, take a soul-crushing job, and then lose all desire to start a startup. This hasn't happened. I still want a successful startup just as much as I did in college, or maybe even more. You're not going to stop wanting what you've always wanted just because you have a degree, a job, money, and options. OTOH, having a job and an income fucks with your perceptions a little. I was lucky (smart?) and didn't change my spending habits; over the past year and a half that I've been working, I banked close to 90% of my take-home pay. Even though I'm financially much more secure than I was coming out of college, it feels much more precarious - I've gotten used to having a certain amount of money coming in each month. Quitting my day job wouldn't be an issue if I didn't have a day job. Don't underestimate the experience you'll learn on the job. I feel like I've benefited significantly from working in somebody else's startup for a year and a half before trying my own. It also creates a sense of momentum and gets your brain in gear; you'll need all the focus you can have when starting your startup. Don't overestimate the book learning you'll get in college. Honestly, I don't think a single thing I learned in the classroom has helped me with my startup. OTOH, a lot of college learning occurs outside the classroom. My impossible quest to complete a computer science major in one semester while the department would not let me declare one turned out to be exactly what startup life is all about. There will be many moments when you have to work like hell for what feels like zero payoff. It's a good experience to really fuck up and then recover from it, because you do that a lot with startups. If you skip the recovery part in college, how do you know you'll be able to do it with your startup? Also, I met my cofounders in college. Had I left after freshman year, I would never have known them. Had I left later, I probably wouldn't have kept in touch. Probably the biggest factor in my decision not to leave is that I didn't have a clear idea what I would do instead. That's probably the biggest determinant: if you know exactly what you'll be working on instead (like Michael Dell, Bill Gates, or Mark Zuckerberg) do that instead. If you don't, stay in school, because you'll probably end up doing nothing instead, and nothing isn't a particularly good teacher. It's funny, when he describes how he wrote Apple BASIC, it's exactly how a textbook compiler implementation works. His incremental symbol table is just a handwritten DFA. Then his noun stacks and verb stacks are basically how you'd write a parser, though they're usually just generalized into a single stack for a CFG. Oh, I'm commenting on how it's interesting that he stumbled onto the standard architecture independently, managing to reinvent 15 years or so of theory (at the time) on his own. Not trying to trivialize his accomplishment at all. "No intelligent investor would create a situation in which the founders had no incentive to succeed. They want founder's interests to be aligned with theirs." That's not necessarily true. VCs want management's interests to be aligned with theirs. However, there's no particular reason for them to care whether management consists of founders or VC cronies, and most would probably prefer the cronies. I've worked for startups where VCs liked the technology, liked the market positioning, but weren't particularly fond of the founding team. So they invest their money, and at the first sign of trouble, force the founders out. They ended up losing the auction for the company's IP (one of the founders bid on it through an employee proxy and took it to China), but that's not to say they didn't try... I suspect this happens more often than entrepreneurs would like to think. It's the same VC that was featured on an essay here by a certain prominent Lisp hacker... Greylock did almost exactly the same thing to a company I once worked at. "Facebook is all about innovation, I think they purposefully avoid old ideas." Are they, really? The only new idea I've seen come out of FaceBook is tagging photos by drawing boxes around the people. Other than that, they're your basic database-backed social networking app. There's very little new there: LiveJournal/Flickr/Friendster/MySpace did it all before. Google innovates. Thinkature innovates. Justin.tv (much as I think their community is heading for disaster) innovates. FaceBook seems to have positioning going for them, but they do fairly little technical stuff that can't be done by a hobbyist programmer in college. Which seems to be what most of their hires are... They should've called it SKI-combinator. Well, except for "in need of a programmer", "intricate", "without revealing too much information", "in the process of", and "extremely successful". Did I miss any? The alternative is anonymous comments, which usually lead to a significant drop-off in the quality of discussion. I think "Let the users see what they're getting into before registering" is a more accurate description. "I imagine a startup incubator where the founders are provided with salary and benefits comparable to working for a corporation, and they are encouraged (forced?) to maintain a reasonable life/work balance," Google. Except the work/life balance. They said they're a yCombinator-funded startup, but they also said they're based out of New York. Does YC now have startups in other cities, or did they move to New York after the SFP/WFP program? Typically, employers just don't care about ideas that are outside their line of business. After all, if I come up with a great social networking site but my employer is a financial software company, stealing my social networking IP will just be a distraction from their business activities. They're worse off for taking ownership of the IP. Do tell your employer what you're doing and clear it with them. Aside from being the honest thing to do, it also sets you up to get formal legal permission. If they're not willing to do so, you know that immediately and can weigh your options from there, including quitting or giving up the startup. In some cases, your employer may even give you money, advice, and customers. I once worked for a company whose CEO was the former CTO of Cybersmith (the gaming cafe company that went bust around 1999). She came up with an idea that was useful for Cybersmith's business but was not something Cybersmith was willing to put resources into. Cybersmith became her first (and only, it turned out) customer and gave them significant resources to fund development. "3) The CEO will sign a document releasing our specific idea from the IP Agreement. Has anyone heard of this happening with success before??" This happens more often than you think. The most prominent example is Apple Computer - Steve Wozniak was on HP's payroll when it was founded, and needed HP to sign away their rights to the Apple I. One of my cofounders is in the process of getting a similar release from Sony Entertainment, and I'll probably need something similar from my employer (I have verbal permission already). I bet Trevor would build it... They tell a compelling story that's interesting & new and fits in with the zeitgeist. That's really all that PR is. Right after I graduated high school, I worked for an all-teenage dot com. We were a dozen or so high schoolers, ages ranging from 15 through 19, building a "teen content" site with indirect venture funding (we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of a venture-funded startup). This was the summer of 2000, at the height of the dot-com boom. The NASDAQ had just peaked, but nobody knew it yet. We got picked up first by the local community newspapers, then the Boston Herald, then the local TV news. Then we ran out of funding, but we continued getting press inquiries for several months after we were technically out of business. We had a $20k PR budget (which we inflated to $50k whenever we talked to people), but we never spent any of it. Instead, our (18 year old) PR guy would just cold call newspaper editors with "Hi, this is Trip Guray, I'm at an all-teenage startup called inAsphere.com, and we have a story you might be interested in." If they weren't interested, fine, we'd say thanks for your time and try someone else. If they were, we'd send them a press release over e-mail or arrange for an interview. Press coverage tends to snowball: if you get a story published in a community newspaper, you're much more likely to get picked up by a major metropolitan newspaper. If you get picked up by a major newspaper, other major newspapers will go after you. If a bunch of newspapers are interested, TV will soon be too. One of my cofounders came up with our answer: "In 2005, Matt discovered the best way to deal with Nigerian 413-scams on CraigsList: when someone offers thousands of dollars for your stereo via some phony money-wiring organization, just request a receiver-pays-shipping slip and FedEx them 40 pounds of bricks." Also available in extended dead-tree form: http://www.amazon.com/Purely-Functional-Structures-Chris-Okasaki/dp/0521663504 I highly recommend the book if you're implementing or using a functional programming language. There're lots of data structures that aren't mentioned at all in traditional imperative-language textbooks. Some of them even have decent performance. It looks like they've reimplemented CORBA. Their implementation doesn't look all that bad - it's at least reasonably simple, unlike CORBA. But I think I'll stick with JSON-RPC, because it's transparent, open, simple, and available for just about every language imaginable. Yeah, as long as there are other Google-like companies that give me 100% freedom that I can go to when I get fired. ;-) Damnit! He stole my idea! When I was in undergrad, I had a bunch of conversations with my friends about just why we were in college. It all came down to three things: 1. We wanted to show potential employers that we were smart enough to get into an elite private college. 2. We wanted to show potential employers that we were docile and persistent enough to continue attending said elite private college, even though we had accomplished #1. 3. We wanted to get to know lots of other people who were willing to pay $40K/year for the privilege of #1 and #2. Of course, once you get out in the working world and actually get involved in hiring decisions, you quickly learn that there's not that much difference in the quality of education at various universities. Harvard's classroom instruction is not much better than any other top-tier college, and may actually be worse. MIT's is probably better, but it's nothing that a couple of guys from UVA (ahem, Reddit) can't pick up in their spare time. Instead, you look at the Education section on a resume because people have already done the hard work for you. Someone at Harvard painstakingly went through 18 years of that candidate's life and decided that they were good enough for Harvard. I've got code to write: I don't have time to spend digging through a candidate's background. If it's good enough for Harvard, it's good enough for me. So, the business idea I came up with was a simple certification program. We'd look at all your test scores, administer a few additional tests, have you complete a project or two, talk to previous people you've worked with, and generally decide if you're worthy or not. We'd set the bar high enough that the average Harvard or MIT grad would fail. And if you pass, we give you a college degree - all without having to put up with the bullshit aspects, like going to classes or forking over a couple hundred dollars. You're responsible for your own education, we just say whether you've educated yourself. I wonder if I should've put this down under "other ideas" on my yCombinator app. Addictions only last until you find something more addictive. OTOH, James has a few million in the bank from HotOrNot's previous profits. So he can afford to take some risks. "College is not so much about learning a set of data, but learning how to learn." I've heard that a lot. My high school was basically founded around that premise, and I completely bought into it then. IMNSHO now , it's complete bullshit. You don't learn how to learn by having someone teach you. You learn how to learn by butting your head up against a problem, reading everything you can about what other people have already done on the problem, trying different approaches until one works, and moving on to the next problem. After you've repeated this a few hundred times, you start figuring out which approaches are likely to work and which aren't. The Ph.D is a good example. There are plenty of people that are "ABD" (All But Dissertation) - they've gone through all the coursework, been taught all that their instructors can teach them, but nobody considers them "real" Ph.Ds. Why? Because the meat of a Ph.D program is actually going out and doing original research , and someone who hasn't done the research doesn't really know how to do the research. The point of a certification program is to decouple the act of learning from the act of judging how much has been learned. Right now, universities perform both functions, which in any other industry would be a ludicrous conflict of interest. And so we get grade inflation and colleges refusing to admit poorer students because it'll drop their U.S. News rankings. I'm impressed. I realized it immediately because I came from Reddit... This is true, and yet - how the hell do you stay on target with that page blaring at you? Don't forget the other YC founders. PG gets all the fame, but IMHO RTM has accomplished more. And I wouldn't mind working with Trevor or Jessica either... Premise is right, headline is wrong. If you look at the businesses that made people billionaires, the other point they have in common is that the owners aggressively pursued opportunities. So yes, Bill Gates slaved away for 6 years, with a variety of other products, before IBM came knocking. However, if he had turned them away, or been out of the office flying his plane like Gary Kildall, we'd be talking about the "Digital Research Monopoly" instead. My startup initially wasn't going to apply to yCombinator. We have a solid team, a product that I really want to see exist, and we're making steady progress implementing it. But I figured that if we have a decent chance of success without yCombinator, we'll have an even better chance of success with yCombinator. So why not spend 4 days or so putting together an application and see if they accept us? If they turn us down, fine, we go back to our original plan and keep working on the product. But if they don't, great ! It's advice, connections, a set timetable for when I leave my day job and work full-time on the startup (for me, this is a question of when, not if: yCombinator would just make the decision for me), and a cool hacker environment where you get to bounce ideas off other equally-smart people. Right, but it's usually possible to find another, simpler idea - even if it's just consulting - that will generate $15k and bring you in contact with potential cofounders or customers. Some of us contribute to yCombinator because we have day jobs and can't work on our startup while on company time. And yet we have bosses that tell us to hold up because they aren't done with the requirements yet. Time is fungible; might as well use our bored-time at work on something semi-productive and free up the time at home for working on the startup. Of course, you could argue that if one really wants their startup to succeed, they shouldn't have a day job. I'd probably even agree with you. But "when to quit" is a complicated question, particularly if you're gaining (or hopefully soon will be getting - damn boss!) valuable experience in addition to cash. Man, I feel silly now. I have several times more than $15K saved up. At grad-school living expenses, perhaps 3 years of runway. I'm not really sticking with the day job for financial reasons though. I want to see the product I've been working on ship. Get it into the hands of actual paying customers. Because I figure then I'll get to see a whole bunch of other problems that will likely impact the startup too. Much better to make the initial mistakes on someone else's dime. Problem is, my day job seems to move at a glacial pace. So despite having a 6 month handicap and about 1/5 the number of man-hours available, my startup may launch first. If that happens, I'll probably quit the day job whether it's done or not, because it's just a drag on the startup. PG et al. were not college students when they started ViaWeb. Actually, I think they were significantly older than the median YC-funded founder. That said, I'm a little curious about the money aspect too. I had no problem saving up more than $15k. I could easily self-fund my startup for a while. I'm far more interested in YC because it brings together smart people from across the world and fosters the sort of environment you'd see in a hacker lab or math competition. I actually proposed that (1% of startup equity in exchange for being able to ask questions and come to the YC dinners) when I got rejected from SFP2005. They ignored me. I suspect the problem is that time is their scarcest resource, not money. They want to spend their time mentoring the startups with the greatest chance of success. Until you reach the point where you have a reasonable chance of success, you're stuck with YC News. From what I read, Microsoft took a mezzanine round before IPO because VCs have connections to investment bankers, and Microsoft needed investment bankers to make the IPO process run smoothly. So yeah, it basically was a bribe. "Some simply like the control, autonomy and culture of a startup." But those are the people that work for startups, as early employees. And they can frequently make more than $15K from it. The folks applying to yCombinator are typically those that either don't want to be employees or have already been employees and decide they want to move on. They wouldn't even have a yCombinator app if they didn't have their own ideas. If you want someone to work on your idea, you have to compete with the hundreds of other Boston-area startups that are now hiring. I don't see any Hitler or Nazis... Doesn't look like it, unless they're coming from a home (i.e. not-resolvable-to-hostname) address. Actually, I think all the visits in our logs can be traced back to a cofounder. Which makes sense, as we haven't given out our URL to anyone but yCombinator. I'd actually be a little disappointed if they had looked at our demo, because it's rather disappointing. We've been doing a bunch of cleanup work so far this Good Friday, and will likely be replacing our mockup layout with an approximation of the real thing over the weekend. So I'd be grateful for a few extra days... Check your hosts and referers for domains that look like yCombinator. You are using a traffic-analysis tool like Webalizer or AWStats, right? (Even if you aren't, you can still get them by grepping the access log. It's just harder to compile statistics.) "For example, someone recently told me that in Python you can't have conditionals within math expressions." You can, but until Python 2.5 you needed to use a somewhat opaque idiom: x + (foo and 1 or 2) This works because the short-circuiting boolean operators return their second operand. So if foo is true, it'll evaluate 1, find that it's true, and return 1. If foo is false, it short-circuits over the 1, evaluates the 2, finds that that is a true value, and so returns 2. It's not intuitive at all, but most serious Pythonistas are familiar with it. I agree that this is gratuitously restrictive, and evidently the Python developers did too. As of Python 2.5, you can do this: x + (1 if foo else 2) It's a shame that it took so long for them to add it, though. Gaming the applications process already? ;-) The big advantage to working on the online demo is it gets you working on the product . Ultimately, that's what'll make you succeed or fail, not whether you get YC funding. I can't imagine anything else in the application process that matters more. My team isn't really focusing on the app demo for YC's sake. It actually looks kinda ugly, since layout and design is one of the last things we're working on. But we were planning to launch on the weekend of the 20-21st, and still probably will if we aren't invited to Mountain View. So in order to hit the launch date, we need to work on it anyway. He's wondering if PG should have been the one to post this article, given that PG wrote it and also wrote this site. And I dunno about news.YC, but Reddit at least doesn't work that way. I've written pieces that were picked up on Reddit and posted by other people. I found it rather flattering; it meant other folks thought it was interesting enough to post without my intervention. "But even if you have positive cashflow, it generally makes sense for young companies to reinvest those earnings instead of taking debt investment." Not necessarily - or rather, it's often rational to do both. It's rational for a business to take out a loan if the interest rate of the loan is less than their expected return on capital. Interest rates for business loans are what, 6-8%? It's not uncommon for a well-run, growing business with a strong franchise to earn a ROC of about 25%. Debt lets them grow faster, sooner, and then they can pay off the debt from future earnings. It's often far more capital-efficient than floating an equity offering, where the investors would get a share of all those additional profits. It doesn't work for web startups because web startups often have far lumpier earnings. It's not uncommon for a web startup to be bought for multi-millions before they earn a dime of profit. That's because their real "customers" are big companies, who are paranoid about losing their market to an upstart. A web startups users are effectively an advertising expense: spend a few thousand on bandwidth to show that if you wanted, you could take over the world, and then get a big company to buy you to prevent that from happening. There are some web startups that employ debt financing very effectively. For example, Akamai floated close to $300M of convertible bonds to fund its expansion. As a result, it effectively acquired a lock on the content-delivery business, which has allowed it to grow by leaps and bounds over the past 5 years. Without that debt financing, they'd either have to forgo their thousands of datacenters in strategically-placed locations, or they'd have diluted their equity so much that it wouldn't be worth it for them. "That thought, however, led me to consider the idea of making order of operations always evaluate left-to-right" Smalltalk does something similar. In Smalltalk, any infix operator is just a binary message send, and they're parsed left to right. So for example, 12 + 6 / 3 results in 6 instead of 14. This result seems perfectly natural to most Smalltalkers, but it drives me nuts. Personally, I think it's important to consider the audience when designing a programming language (or anything, really). Operator precedence is totally illogical and adds lots of unnecessary complexity - but it's drilled into people's heads from elementary school onwards. It's like Qwerty keyboards, American date formats, and English spelling. In most cases, though, it's better to work with people's illogical expectations than to say "No, you're wrong, here's a better way." Perhaps that's why Lisp never caught on. Boston, 2, [25, 24] I dunno about bots, but almost every social website I know is bootstrapped by having the founders comment back and forth with each other. There was an interview with Reddit where they said their first 2 months basically consisted of the two of them submitting every link they could find to their own site. When I was at inAsphere.com, the first thing we did after launch was "Okay, I want every staff member to create at least 5 fake personas, and have conversations with yourselves." So we created accounts and came up with backgrounds and personalities and stuff, and had mock arguments with ourselves on the forums. I know cross-x.com started the same way, since it was by the same founder. The only website I've been involved with which didn't seed things with a bunch of fake usernames was FictionAlley. That was largely because the site was intended to be personal, for a few friends only, and only randomly happened to catch on among the general fandom. Since it was started with more than a dozen founders, they had ample material to begin with. Of course; a site that's just the staff commenting back and forth to each other is really a circlejerk, not a webapp. That's what killed inAsphere: it really wasn't all that interesting. Even after getting all sorts of publicity, we weren't retaining visitors. And our existing userbase (we folded cross-x.com into it) was leaving not bringing their friends in. But there's a difference between a site that sucks no matter what you do and a site that could survive on its own if only it passed the initial attracting-users hurdle. Reddit's a good example of the latter: I checked it out about a week after it launched, and it was really quite boring. I came back a few months later, and it actually had a thriving community. If the Reddit founders hadn't stuck with it and just folded the site, they'd be out a few million dollars. We're basically starting with the cheapest dedicated server we could find (single $79/month Celeron from GoDaddy). No, it won't stand up to any significant load. However, there's really no reason to pay a lot of money upfront when you have no idea whether your idea will even be popular at all. Might as well save the cash up front, and expand once you know what sort of load you'll be facing. We keep all our config files in Subversion and try to automate as much of the setup process as is possible. Hopefully that'll let us expand quickly if we need to upgrade to a bigger box or split over multiple machines. We're using it at my day job, for search and indexing of financial news. I'm not directly involved with that part of the product, but I haven't heard any complaints from the programmers that are, and it seems to give us fairly nifty capabilities. Isn't this a little premature? I mean, except for PG, dshah, and perhaps a few other lurkers, very few of us have sold (or statistically, are likely to sell) a company. That said, I'd probably work on some of the other ideas I've had. Ones that are arguably more useful and more world-changing, but have little or no revenue potential. Believing yourself to be on the right side of this chart is a left-side mentality. Believing yourself to be moving from left-to-right is a right-side mentality. I actually noticed the opposite pattern: about 95% of the time, the double-check caught careless mistakes and I ended up with a higher score for it. Perhaps it was because of my typical test-taking strategy: I'd race through the questions and answer every one immediately, then I'd go back and double-check all the steps to make sure I hadn't done anything silly. I did notice that my score tended to decrease if I triple- or quadruple-checked my answers, though. GMail. It refreshes for me. Other than that - I'm trying to get some work done so I can get home at a reasonable hour and work some more on my startup. I was a latecomer to most of those technologies. I didn't get my first computer until I was 10 (1991), and didn't start using e-mail regularly until 1996 or so. Was an early adopter for the web though; first encountered it in 1993, using Lynx, and also used Mosaic and Netscape 1.0 in 1995. I think that the technologies you end up being an early-adopter of is mostly determined by luck, who your friends are. I wonder if PG has a FaceBook or MySpace account, or Twitters away, or plays Second Life. "In any case, I'd be really interested to know what people here are using today that they think everybody else will be using years from now..." Functional programming. It really does make that much of a difference. I'm a Haskeller by hobby, and my startup is Python-written-in-an-FP-style. I'm finding that almost all of my bugs are type errors, and I never get usually-much-more-common state or logic errors. Yes it is, or at least it is now. Congrats! I didn't, so I'm guessing I didn't make it this time around. Oh well. Here three. I'm in Boston and working on a startup. Yes, but we're taking a break on the original idea for about a week or so. The yCombinator rejection gave us another product idea; we want to push a minimal version of that out and see how it goes before returning to our original idea. We had similar ideas. We registered RejectedByYC.com, YCRejects.com, and I think CantGetFunding.com. We've also got a server available at the moment (we're pre-launch, so nothing else is using it...), though we may need to rescind that if the main product launches and starts taking up a lot of bandwidth. I'd envisioned roughly this feature set: 1.) Forums 2.) Startup profiles - list your logo, demo URL, description, launch status (pre-launch/launched), and maybe a few other fields. Linked to the user profiles of each founder. 3.) "Demo groups" of 10-12 startups, randomly assigned but ideally with a preference for placing startups in the same city together. Each demo group has a private forum and an area for news, feature releases, announcements, etc.. Each feature release has threaded comments for discussion and rapid feedback. Demo groups are expected to be each other's support mechanism, and give each other rapid feedback on new changes. For startups that are pre-launch, only people in the same demo group can see what you're up to. (If you want nobody to see what you're doing, perhaps you shouldn't register it on a website...) 4.) Karma, based on how many feature releases a team has put out lately and how many people click through to their startup based on that. This encourages people to "release early, release often", while the weighting based on clickthroughs prevents people from adding bullshit feature releases. 5.) Location-based meetups and events. We wouldn't organize them ourselves, but we'd have a place for people to announce their formal or informal gatherings. I'd like to move fast on this, because I still view it as a distraction from our main business idea. I'd like to use it, but am willing to cut every corner in the book to build it. Ideally we'd have something up & launched by the end of this weekend, even if that something is nothing but a forum with profile fields for startup info. There's nothing wrong with graduating and working for a year (or two, or five) to save up capital. If you pick a good employer - like another startup - you'll earn much more than money. You'll have someone who's just as accomplished as PG teach you, except they'll pay you for the privilege instead of you giving them equity. You'll face all the same pitfalls as the yCombinator founders, and learn nearly as much. You'll learn all the little tricks and skills that everyone in industry knows but they never bother to teach in university. That's why you don't date while trying to amass capital. ;-) I actually kinda like the concept. Some feedback: 1.) Every alpha test should have an easily acceptable "Feedback" link in the layout . I know you've got "Contact Us" on the about page, but most people won't look that far (I wouldn't have had someone not commented about ads on the About page). Feedback is for your benefit, not really your users, so users will not jump through hoops to give it to you. 2.) The front page is too cluttered. A lot of sites try to give a taste of every bit of functionality on the front page, but it doesn't work well. Which do you go to: Google or Yahoo? Why did AltaVista die (hint: it had something to do with "portal")? I'd take the Most Active and Last Registered users off the front page and onto a separate "Stats" page. 3.) You need to display more than a couple sentences of each story in the summary. Typically, readers decide whether they'll read a book after the first 2 paragraphs or so (that's an oft-quoted statistic from the dead-tree publishing world). I'd display about that much, and avoid cutting stories off in mid-sentence. 4.) The language links should also filter the stories visible to a casual browser. I can't read Italian, and so have no interest in Italian stories. Also, duplicate the language links on the story box itself. I was looking for some way to filter the languages and didn't see any until my eyes moved up to the top left corner. Self hosting = interpreter/compiler for the language written in the language itself. We're also on GoDaddy, and haven't had any problems so far (granted, we're pre-launch, so we haven't had a chance for any of the really taxing stuff to occur). We haven't ruled out switching services if there's a problem, but we might as well start simple. You have to take into account company size when weighing complaints. The bigger hosting providers - GoDaddy and DreamHost - will necessarily have more negative opinions, simply because of sheer numbers. But there are many, many satisfied customers of them. It seems like it'd have to be around that just for time constraints, though. If they give each interview an hour, 30 teams means 15 hour days all through the weekend. "I'm debating whether it means there was something fundamentally wrong with my app or if it's something fixable." The only way to know, for real, is to build it and see if people come. No investor, nor even an entrepreneur, can tell whether an idea will work just by looking at an application. They can only judge which ones are likely to work. They generated a return for their later-stage investors. yCombinator took a small loss on them. The Mises article is incorrect. Grameen Bank's website ( http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/) contains audited financial statements. The Grameen Bank broke even in 1984, hovered around the break-even point until 1993, and has made steady profits since then. It made approximately $15M on revenues of $112M in 2005. That's not particularly impressive from a financial standpoint, but it's certainly not a charity. It's more than most Web 2.0 startups make, after all. That's curious. In the Boston area, $15K is easily savable in a year, for a single person fresh out of college. In my graduating class, about 1/3 took jobs in engineering, consulting, or finance that pay $60-$80k (more in finance). The remaining 2/3 became graduate students, temp workers, secretaries and teachers making $20-30k/year. The ones making $60-80k don't live significantly more extravagant lifestyles (actually, I see far more engineers and consultants living with their parents than secretaries and teachers), so they pocket the $40K/year difference. What's a typical salary for a talented computer programmer in Alabama? Are there particular barriers to relocating to Boston or SF or Redmond or Austin and getting a decent salary? I'll take that bet... "In 5 years, i predict that the facebook will be a public entity, and easily a multi-billion dollar company... and that valuation will be justifiable based on actual business fundamentals, not on hype." Learn to program. ;-) Seriously, there are a bunch of reasons why coders turn down a startup: 1.) Not enough compensation. If you're paying them cash, you have to pay them market rates. For a bright but junior programmer, that's minimum $55-60K/year. salary in most of the tech hotspots. For someone experienced, figure at least $100k/year. If you're looking for hourly contractors, expect to pay at least $75/hour for anyone decent. If you give them equity - well, I personally would not join a startup for less than 20% equity, and I suspect many other technical founders have similar minimums. Actually, the only reason my current startup got away with so little (I'm getting 25%) is because it has 5 founders, and nobody else has more than 25%. 2.) Boring idea. Good programmers like to work on interesting problems. I joined my startup because it was in a problem domain that I waste a lot of time in anyways, I knew the area, and it'd let me try some cool stuff that I didn't know if I could do, but it'd be fun as hell to try. 3.) They don't trust you. Techies have a natural aversion to business-type people. Be straight with them, always. The second they think you're trying to bullshit them, they'll walk away. 4.) They don't think you add much value. Ultimately, it'll be the techie building the product. They need a reason why working with you beats building the product on your own. Usually, your best bet is to have a large personal network, or good people skills, or the ability to sell something. I don't think it's necessarily true that techies can't be good with people, but in my experience, I can't code and be good with people at the same time, so have a cofounder with people skills has been a big win for me. Remember, if you're founding a technical startup, you want the best coder you can find. He'll usually be young, because good experienced coders typically have families and will not work for stock, and you generally can't afford the $150K/year that they'll cost you. Don't try to skimp and get cheaper labor - lots of companies tried that in the dot-com bomb (notably Value America), and they almost universally went out of business. Average coders cannot hit the high notes; you need to hit the high notes as a startup, because all of the middle ground is taken. In my case, I met my cofounder at Homecoming. We'd lived across the hall from me sophomore year, so I went over to talk to him and see what he was doing. Turned out he was working on a startup in a field I was interested in. He introduced me to the other cofounders afterwards (2 of which I already knew from college). I didn't actually join until several months later, when their initial choice for a technical founder quit, but he kept my name in mind. "I mean, I am just the idea guy with creativity, they're the coder, they can live without me, but I can't live without them." If that's the case, you really have a problem. Ideas are worth next to nothing. If you did manage to get one to join you, he'd likely leave at the first excuse. Why? Because you're contributing nothing . Find some way to be of value as the startup grows. Learn some domain knowledge about the market. Talk to potential prospects. There are many things a technical cofounder can't or doesn't want to do on his own, and if you do them, he'll have a reason to work with you. But if you're just contributing the initial idea, there's no reason for him to work with you. Thing is - if your business will fail because somebody ran off with your idea, you have a problem. Because the moment it looks like you're onto something, somebody will run off with your idea. The only way to keep it secret is to never launch, and that means you don't have a business. It's more important to be able to move quickly once people copy your idea and stay ahead of them. That means finding a good coder, knowing a lot about the problem domain, and talking to lots of prospects. Basically, success is all about having many good ideas, one after another. The first one just gets you in the door - it's usually wrong anyways. It can't get you in the door if you never tell anyone though. Yah think? http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=11676 Never write an idea down. The ones that are worth pursuing are the ones that keep nagging at you long after you've moved on to other things. Well, you used to be able to cheat your way to the top of Reddit - http://reddit.com/info/1e7za/comments - but spez fixed that little hole. You probably can still do it on Digg - I went after Reddit because I figured it'd be harder, but I bet Digg is full of XSS and XSRF vulnerabilities. Search is a business with notoriously small lock-in and network effects. Eric Schmidt comments on this all the time, it's a significant risk factor for Google. Brand loyalty is a cumulative advantage, but it's pretty fickle. Customers will stick with a trusted brand as long as they continue to trust it, but all it takes is one or two screwups or a competitor coming out with a noticeably better product, and your brand evaporates. I first used Google in 1999, and it was much better than the existing search engines. Not a little better, not even just noticeably better, but orders of magnitude better. I could immediately find results that I'd previously have to dig through 10 pages of links for. They may not have that advantage now, but I don't care. Google is good enough. Until someone comes out with a search engine that's noticeably better, I'm not going to switch. I've already got my Firefox toolbar setup, and my habits - I see no reason to reevaluate them until there's clear evidence that I can do better. Google almost pulled off the same thing with GMail, but Yahoo and Microsoft stopped them. When GMail came out, it was orders of magnitude better than the existing webmail solutions. It gave you 1GB of space instead of 4MB, it had Google search integrated, and it had a clean AJAX UI. Like many early adopters, I switched as soon as I could get my hands on an invite (you only got 1 or 2 back then), and have since made GMail my default e-mail client. But it didn't completely penetrate the mass market, because Y!Mail and Hotmail immediately upped their storage space to 400+ MB, and Yahoo came out with a new UI. IMHO, GMail is still better, but it's no longer an order of magnitude better, so people who are just getting GMail invites now often choose to stick with their existing e-mail. That must be one of the things he can do to influence the outcome. ;-) "There will be a few stars who clearly should make the team, and many players who clearly shouldn't. The only place your judgement makes a difference is in the borderline cases." Jason13 is saying that there are plenty of cases where the "stars" often appear mediocre until they hit stardom, at which point it's too late to bid for their talent. It certainly makes a difference whether your team includes the stars or not, and since they often won't be obvious at the initial selection... Learn to hack? ;-) There're two possible questions in the title, and I'm not sure which one you mean. Are you asking how a non-hacker can start a tech startup , specifically one focusing on the web? Or are you asking how a non-hacker can start any startup, be it biotech, finance, auto-body, housepainting, or some other industry entirely? For the first question, you really either need to be a hacker yourself or convince a top-notch hacker to work for you. You can't expect to start a successful tech startup if you don't have good tech. I listed some ways that entrepreneurs repel potential tech cofounders here - http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=13000 - and also suggest some things you might bring to the table that might convince a techie to work with you. If you're just looking to start any startup and don't care about the field, the rule is always "Concentrate on your strengths." Basically, you want to go into business being more passionate about the particular project you're working on than anyone else on earth (or in your location, if you have geographic barriers to entry). That's what'll convince customers to buy from you rather than a competitor. It's a little different when searching for technical experts, however, because it's often not possible to tell a technical expert from a technical nincompoop without a solid background in the subject. There are a lot of folks out there who can play buzzword bingo with the best of them, but can't actually sit down and code something. Take a careful look at the number they're measuring. They say that only 0.2% of visits to Flickr are uploads. That's very different from saying that only 0.2% of users upload content. Even someone who regularly uploads photos to Flickr probably views 10 photos for every one they upload. Think about news.YC: in a typical day, I probably post 3-4 comments and submit one article, yet I read about two dozen articles and 50+ comments. And I'm #13 on the leader list, so most people would probably consider me a participant. IMHO, the article chose a very meaningless number and then reported it as a big find. Reads always outnumber writes, by a large margin. Your top contributors don't just post things, they're also usually voracious consumers, probably reading dozens of items for every one they submit. It's like saying that novelists read 100 books for every one that they write, and therefore they aren't really contributing anything to literature. Of course. I had Reddit blocked at work for a while so I could finish up my previous project. Alas, I find that taking away distractions really doesn't help that much. I usually just find something else to distract myself. I need to find something that's more engrossing than the distraction for this to work well. Unfortunately, my workplace is interruption-central. Open-plan office, cubemate working on the same project, frequent calls to help out on something. Makes me feel important, but hard to get anything done. Ah well, it's my employer's problem. If my startup ever gets big enough to hire, though, I think I'm going to splurge for private offices. nostrademons AT gmail DOT com As opposed to Random Big Company, who would otherwise be getting this $1million+ talent and paying them $50-60K? I was a teenager during the dot-com boom. I started calling it a bubble around 1997, which in hindsight was a little early, but was pretty close to when rationality started to depart. By the time it got to 1999/2000, there was absolutely no doubt in my mind that it was a bubble, and most of the people I hung around with did too. (A few of them bought tech stocks anyway because they have poor impulse control, but even they said it was a bubble.) The journalists who were saying "slam dunk" in 1999 were idiots. It's like Bush saying that "nobody could've foreseen the insurgency when we invaded": plenty of people did see it, it's just that he didn't. So it was with the dot-com bust: plenty of people did see it coming, but they got out of the market and didn't scream very hard when it actually did happen. Smart people a.) don't fall for bubbles and b.) don't crow about how smart they were afterwards. The four words you have to watch out for: "This time it's different." When you see them, you can be fairly certain that you're in a bubble. It's not that things aren't different, it's that the differences are always too subtle for a journalist (or really anyone not an expert in the particular field) to pick out. So when someone says that this time it's different, they've usually fallen for hype, and that's when you need to watch out. Not here. Cloudy, windy, and rainy. Stupid Nor'easter. "You have more free time now than you probably ever will again." I haven't found that to be the case. I have much more time available to work on my own projects than I did in college. Perhaps not in absolute terms, but in terms of usable get-code-out-there blocks. In college, I found that homework always got Parkinson's-Lawed so it took up all my available time. Either I was actively doing homework, or I was procrastinating on homework and couldn't justify working on other productive projects instead. Plus, available time in college tends to get broken up into 1-2 hour blocks between classes, after activities, before dinner, while waiting for friends to go out to a party, etc. Now that I'm working, I have significantly less actual free time, but everything I have is mine . There's no work to take home, nothing hanging over my head when I'm not at work. And it's generally in large chunks, too. It does kinda suck not having a social life, but it does leave decent-sized blocks available for a startup. 5% seems high for an employee, even the first. Usually the entire options pool is only about 20%, so if you give 5% for employee #1, there isn't much left over for anyone else. I'd read that about 1.5% is typical for employee #1, and it decreases exponentially from there. I was offered 0.1% at the first startup I worked at (high school grad, there only for a year, employee #13) and 0.01% at one startup I interviewed at after college (college degree, good credentials, employee #22). I ended up taking a job at a startup with no equity but a much larger salary - as in, $15K larger. I'd recommend this route. $15K is yCombinator funding in a year, any given startup is likely to fail anyways (my employer might actually succeed, but it's the slow-growing type), and if you don't have equity you're less likely to feel responsible for the success of the company, which means you have no compunction against leaving work at work and using your home time to work on your own startup. Lack of a social life takes care of that one. ;-) Did it ever need to scale beyond one server? Check the velocity. Is he not-perfect-but-getting-better? Or is he not-perfect-and-getting-bored? You want the former, you don't want the latter. Someone who's not perfect but listens well, is interested in improving, and is passionate about the company will likely soon be perfect, or as close to it as you're realistically going to get. If he's not really into it to begin with, then it doesn't matter if he's perfect, you still don't want to partner with him. Via Reddit. I submitted this because the incentives are very similar to those involved in startup equity, and the resulting proportions are roughly the same. Startups must choose how to divide the pot (i.e. equity) with each new hire. Each employee can then a.) accept the proportion, working hard to make the startup succeed or b.) reject it, slack off, and make them all walk the plank. There's another complication in that a pirate's coworker may catch him at b.) and tattle, forcing him and just him to walk the plank. Why does this work like the pirate game, where only the senior pirate walks the plank? Well, think about why the senior pirate ends up with all the loot. It's because he's able to play the remaining pirates off each other: he can get away with offering 0 to pirate B, because he knows that B will be outvoted by the pirates that B is about to screw over. Similarly, a shirking employee is "outvoted" by his peers in a startup, who stand to gain handsomely (even if the founders take the lion's share) if the startup succeeds. They have a strong incentive to tattle on any shirker, which forces the shirker to work hard or get nothing. 0.1% of the company is a lot more than 0, even if the founder gets 50%. This game also explains a lot of other accumulated startup wisdom, such as: Why founders typically own 10-25% of the company each, while individual employees start at 1.5% of the company and decrease exponentially. Each new employee has decreasingly less ability to make the whole company walk the plank, and so the founders can get away with giving up less equity. Why your first 10 employees are the most critical hires, and should be self-motivated hackers who want to see the startup succeed for its own sake. At this point, the startup has little peer pressure: if the founders are off negotiating a business deal, there's nobody to tattle on the workers, so if the founders own 80% of the company and each worker owns 1%, there's a strong incentive for them to goof off en masse. If, however, you have 10 people that don't care that the founders are making 10 times as much as them, then they will tattle on the next 10 hires that want to shirk, letting you give those hires very little equity. Why tolerating a single shirker often kills the whole startup. Employees see that they will not lose their 0.1% if they shirk, and they figure that working hard so that the founders get 90% of the reward isn't worth it. Why big companies are incapable of getting anything done. As the company grows and equity gets diluted, the options granted to any one employee become minuscule. Thus, employees have more to gain by making friends with their fellow shirkers than turning them in and boosting the stock price, and a culture of mediocrity settles in. Why certain big companies have managed to avoid this. There are two basic approaches, carrot and stick. The "stick" approach is used by Intel and GE, and consists of firing the bottom 10% every year. Employees figure that $60K salary is better than $0 salary, even if they aren't sharing in the company upside while the CEO makes $100M. Unfortunately, this approach often means the company loses out on promising new hires who don't want to work in this environment. The choice for them isn't $60K or $0, it's $60K and the constant threat of being fired or $55K and decent working conditions. The "carrot" approach is to give really generous cash bonuses for performance - often 2-3x the normal salary. This is used by Nucor and Goldman Sachs. Employees will not only work hard if it means the difference between $40K and $130K, but they're more likely to tattle on underperforming peers who bring their group productivity down. I've been hovering between #11 and #17 on the karma rankings and did not get an interview. Just guessing, but I think he means that when he types in http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=15250, it appears as a hyperlink, even though we don't explicitly add an anchor tag. The rest of the title is baffling to me: Python can do regexps through the 're' module, there are Lisp regexp packages available, and I'd imagine news.YC uses one of those. P.S. The hyperlink regexp seems to pick up trailing punctuation, like periods, commas, and parentheses. Any chance we can exclude them from the link target? I think several of my links have broken because of that. Touche. Anyway, very few people can spend literally all their time immersed in code and maintain their productivity. (I've heard that Bill Joy could, which may be why he invented an OS and made a billion dollars). For most of us, we're less productive if we try to code round the clock for days on end. This applies even to very wealthy people like Bill Gates (hobby: reading biographies of famous leaders) and Larry Ellison (hobby: yacht and fighter jet races). news.YC is a better way to fill that downtime than, say, watching TV or playing WoW. Besides, I've already spent all evening cleaning up my messy code, fixed like a dozen bugs, and am currently banging my head against what appears to be a bug in Web.py. A small break is called for. "Yet if this guy insists on getting funding before ANYTHING else, he might just be an excuser or nonbeliever hoping the funding will validate his idea." Possible, but it's also possible that he justs doesn't know that any other way is possible. I came into an existing startup as the first technical cofounder. There had been a lot of previous design work, but no implementation. The plan had been to do a bunch of UI mockups, flesh out the design, write a business plan, and pitch it to a bunch of VCs. When one of them gave us money, we'd hire a bunch of programmers and implement the darn thing. The first week after I joined, I started demoing. It was really crude at first - just a login screen in a barebones layout. (Heck, the product is still really crude - when we launch, it'll be yet another commodity CRUD-site, and it won't be until some months later that we'll have a useful differentiator.) But it was working code , and it got better every week. The effect was pretty incredible. The cofounder who was all pitch-to-VCs-and-hire-developers ended up learning Dreamweaver and coming up with a kickass layout. And then he learned Flash and started out fleshing out large architectural areas, actually writing some Flash code. We applied to YCombinator, got turned down, and decided we're gonna go for it anyway. Oftentimes, people just need to see that yes, this is possible, and that you can accomplish a significant amount on your own without waiting for a miracle to occur. I'm a big fan of the "flywheel effect" mentioned in Jim Collins's books. It's basically "Start doing the right thing anyway, no matter how useless it appears. Keep doing it, no matter how useless it appears. People will eventually realize that you're going to succeed anyway, and start pitching in. Then the flywheel starts spinning faster." Many folks expect venture capital because they never hear about startups that succeeded without it; if you show them what's possible on your own, then you often get both the cofounder and the venture capital. I concur, and I'd add that I think Python is better as a first language. The basic language features in Python are all fairly intuitive, and the syntax is about as English-like as you're likely to get. You don't run into weird stuff like all the __methods__ until you do more advanced programming, at which point you'll be ready for them. Ruby has a bunch of added concepts like sigils, blocks, weird operators, redefinable methods, metaprogramming, etc. These aren't terribly hard to understand if you've been programming a while, but they can be a little overwhelming for a newbie. I'd say Ruby is more suited for a Lisp or Smalltalk refugee that wants something a little more practical, not for a complete newcomer. In terms of actual programming power, they're both good. Ruby is a little bit more flexible and provides a few more shortcuts for common operators, but anything you can do in Ruby can be done without too much trouble in Python. I wanna know what the TechCrunch comment was. ;-) This one? http://forums.techcrunch.com/forums/thread.jspa?messageID=2929 Or this one? http://forums.techcrunch.com/forums/thread.jspa?messageID=6120៨ Or this one? http://forums.techcrunch.com/forums/thread.jspa?messageID=6796᪌ Edit: Oh never mind, TechCrunch's braindead Java forums don't seem to take well to direct linking, and yCombinator mangles the URLs when it attempts to hotlink. Yeah, it'll be replaced by FaceBook... And then FaceBook will be replaced by something that probably hasn't been invented yet. I wonder when folks will learn that "lock in" in the social networking sphere is vastly overstated... It's this guy: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=9965 Personally, I think he was joking, but I can understand why PG banned him. Potential YC companies have to trust that YC is not going to blab their secrets across the net; YC's informal commitment to confidentiality is all they have, and a lot more than most VCs give. It's all rendered moot if one of the other applicants sells their secrets to the highest bidder. Joking or not, it's not something you want to suggest that you'd do, given how much it matters to others. "For example, if a non-hacker can't find a hacker, he'll go hire one." You can't build a successful tech business with a hired hacker. By choosing to hire, you'll only be able to attract programmers who are willing to work for the money you can pay them. The cream of the crop will pass you up in favor of startups that give them equity. Your first technical person sets a ceiling on the technical ability of your subsequent hires, because bad programmers are not able to recognize great ones. If you're right and you do find a market niche that's extremely profitable, you'll invite competition. One of those competitors will inevitably have a top-notch hacker as a cofounder, and then you'll get eaten for lunch as their small, nimble team of elite hackers copies everything you do and then innovates way beyond it. Many companies tried this approach in the dot-com boom, with predictable results. For example, Altavista/Lycos/Infoseek got eaten by Google, Value America by Amazon, Friendster and now MySpace by FaceBook. I'd frame it a different way: "Stay in touch with the potential cofounders you've already found." I met my cofounder when we lived across from each other in college at the Arts Theme House. We just didn't know we were cofounders yet. At the time, I was a physics major - my cofounder knew that I had previously worked at a tech startup, but he had no idea that I was still into computers (I'm not sure I was, at the time), or that I'd done several major side projects. I knew him as a psych major who was a bit of an electronics whiz - I had no idea that he wanted to go into entrepreneurship or the Internet space. For that matter, I don't think he did either. I didn't find out what he was doing until I went over to catch up with him at Homecoming. I knew that he'd been at a consulting firm (via FaceBook), but usually consultants go into big business instead of Web2.0 startups. Even then, I didn't join immediately - he had someone else picked out as a technical cofounder. It was only after the previous technical cofounder quit (for visa reasons) that I joined up with him. Also - there's a common misconception that top-notch hackers spend all their time hacking. They spend a lot of time hacking, but most have other interests. For example, Guy Steele sings bass in choir and does swing dancing. Paul Graham writes essays and paints. One of the top hackers I knew at college was a CS/Theater double major. IMNSHO, these people often have better technical chops than the single-minded, socially awkward computer geek. "The best move would be to ask why they think it's a bad idea, consider it, and move on." Even better - ask yourself "What would it take to find out, empirically, whether this is or is not a good idea?" Many experts deal mostly with opinions, because it's to their advantage to do so. People listen to their opinions, people often pay money for their opinions, and the whole reason they're considered "experts" is they have (presumably) spent a lot of time in the past gathering facts to support their opinions. However, if you're dealing with something truly new, nobody will have enough facts to say whether or not it's a good idea. As an entrepreneur, your job is to find those facts, because nobody else is going to do it for you (if they do, they're the one who gets the money ;-)). So ask yourself, "How can I narrow this problem enough to build a prototype? What data do I need from users to decide whether it's worth proceeding?" The same applies to random advice you read on the Internet. This post is an opinion - I have no hard data in here to back things up, other than my own experience. However, it's a testable opinion: the next time you face a problem, go out and canvas the opinions of as many experts as you can find. Make a prediction, based on their opinions, of how you think the problem will be solved. Write it down. Then go about collecting data and actually solve the problem. Compare your prediction with the actual approach you needed to use. If they're basically the same, I'm full of bollocks and you can ignore me. If your initial assumptions changed significantly, hard data's the way to go. Actually, it was at Amherst. There must be multiple colleges with Arts Theme Houses ;-). And we're not live yet, but we're close. Damn day job sucks up my time. We may have something (not our main idea, but potentially useful) up by tomorrow though, and hopefully our original site idea will follow soon afterwards... I dunno...I think the first bubble was a boom through 95, 96, and 97. Netscape, Yahoo, Amazon, Craigslist, EBay all had real products that made money and changed how people did business. It didn't get to be bubblicious until about 1998, when people started getting venture funding for pet stores. It was right around 97 that people started crying "bubble!", and I think that we're at about the same point in the economic cycle that we were then. Tail end of the midcycle phase. Assuming the housing bust doesn't tank the economy, the real bubble years are still ahead. If we are in the midcycle phase, it's still a good time to start a company. Capital's not flowing freely enough that anyone can get funded, so those who bootstrap good ideas now stand to profit handsomely when money managers seek to pull all their capital out of the failing real estate market and into the stock and startup market. It's not time to worry until VCs start giving out $15M to any idiot with a business plan. You don't want to be that idiot. Presumably, it would be owned by Yahoo now. More to the point, most public dot-coms had zero earnings , which is even more of a signal for the smart investor to take the money and run. Over the long run, stock prices track earnings. Zero earnings = zero stock price. So, how do write-intensive sites like LiveJournal handle their updates? I was under the impression that LJ was all memcached + sharding + master/master pairs for the shards. How do you handle features that rely on frequent UPDATE statements, like say a hitcounter? Is UPDATE LOW PRIORITY (MySQL) enough, or should you work out some application-specific caching/batching mechanism and perform all your updates at once? Congrats! I think you mean multi-millionaires - basically all the billionaires based their companies on C and C++. Greenspun had other companies before Ars Digita. He took ICAD/Concentra public and also co-founded ConSolve and Isosonics. It may be true that no programmer with any sense would work for him - I don't know him personally. But given how cheaply you can start a company nowadays, he certainly doesn't need investors. And as I understand it, he's not entirely retired: doesn't he teach a course at MIT? As you might have guessed from the name, this site grew out of our yCombinator rejection. Like about 375 other applicants, we didn't even make it to the interview stage. I sat around feeling bummed for about an hour, read some of the forum posts, and then decided that there was something I could do about the situation. As I see it, there are 5 main reasons to go to yCombinator: 1. Money. The $15k or so that yCombinator gives can be useful for some people. 2. Connections. They're very good at making introductions to investors, and give you instant credibility. 3. Advice. They've been through the startup experience before, and have seen numerous startups succeed or fail. 4. Marketing. "A yCombinator startup" seems to get instant attention on certain venues, particularly with the influential early-adopter market. 5. Camaraderie. I suspect that a large amount of the success of yCombinator startups is simply due to having a bright, passionate peer group, all going through the same experience. Some of PG's comments have suggested this too: when groups have worked off-site they "looked like the plant that just didn't get the miracle gro". I can't do anything about #1 or #2. I'm hungry for #3, but there are other sources of information out there. Get a few dozen people that are starting or have started companies together, and a few are bound to know the answer you're looking for. I can do something about #4 and 5, and that's what inspired this site. This is basically a place for startup founders to show off their work, get quality feedback, and then release it for the world. When you register your startup, you're randomly assigned to a group. It tries to put startups in the same city together, though there's a random factor so you don't end up with 7 startups in one city and 1 by itself. (In the future, I'd also like to add the ability to pick your group.) If you have not launched yet, all your feature announcements - and the existence of your startup at all - will only be visible to your demo group. Once you have launched, they become public for everyone to view, letting you gain some publicity. I was inspired by organizations such as the Grameen Bank and the Harry Potter fandom. The Grameen Bank lends money to groups of people, never to individuals themselves. This produces strong peer pressure to repay the loan. Similarly, it's much more difficult to give up on the startup dream when you'll be letting down the 7 other startups in your group. When I add karma, there'll be both a group component and an individual component, fostering a sort of "coopetition" between and within groups. As for Harry Potter - in fandom, there's a "social price" to membership. You have to write fics. When you join, people want to know what you've written, and they want you to comment on the stuff they've written. Similarly, the hope is that the social price here will be that you keep pumping out features and gaining users. The site is open to anyone actively involved in starting a startup: the one requirement is that you do things and don't just talk about them. There's a lot more I'd like to add to this site: karma and stats are high on my priority list, as is Markdown for comments and announcements, and it could use a bit of a UI makeover. I'll try to keep up on feature requests and bugfixes, but I do have a day job, and this is a side-project aside from our main startup. Please bear with us; this was done on a very tight timetable (2 weeks from rejection to site launch), and hasn't had too much testing. No, this was a side-project inspired after the rejection. I figured that with at least 50 or so startups continuing their original plans after being turned down (including us), there might as well be a place where the rest of us can get the same sort of hacker atmosphere as the yCombinator companies. I likely will re-brand/re-position it based on feedback here. Different domain too. Unfortunately, my graphic design skills kinda suck (as I'm sure you noticed) - my cofounders usually handle that, but this was a bit of a pet project, and they've been working on our main idea while I tried to get this out without spending too much time on it. You mean the "4 main reasons to go with yCombinator" and then listing 5, or was there something more substantive? That's probably better, but I'm thinking it may be better off with a name that doesn't derive from yCombinator at all. After all, there's YEurope too, which got similarly panned for ripping off the name. Unless it were a name with an obscure wordplay in it. For example, we could call it Ackermen.com because the Y-combinator is a function that lets you bootstrap recursive functions, while the Ackermann function is one of the simplest examples of a function that is not primitive recursive. ;-) I don't know - "may be true" is just conceding the point to the grandparent, because I have no personal knowledge of Greenspun, and from his username, it appears that the grandparent worked at Ars Digita. I've heard that Greenspun's management-style was pretty abrasive and he could very egotistical, but this is all hearsay. "I got rejected like many of you did, but YC and anything YC related isn't going to influence my success/failure. I'm sure there are myriad of venues to launch your startup." That was sort of the point of this site - to provide yet another alternative for launch and development of your startup. The name and logo was intended to be tongue-in-cheek, taking a rejection and making something good out of it. After all, it could be read as "NOT rejected from YC"... Anyways, I'm looking for a new name & positioning. Ideas? Response here: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=16316 I wrote it at 3:00 AM. And there initially were only 4 points: I had put advice & connections together, but realized that advice was important enough to list separately. "This setup is difficult to replicate because not only do you need the right people, you need the right money, and the right money and the right people." I'm not really trying to replicate YC. As you mention, there's already Techstars, Highland, and YEurope for that, and any attempt to replicate YCombinator runs up against the fact that they're simply better at what they do. Heck, even if this site was successful, I'd still probably prefer YC funding. However, YC doesn't scale. So there are hundreds, probably thousands of other startups out there with worthy ideas that won't make the cut. Simply because it's a numbers game. Some of those are going to start up anyway, and probably apply either to a later YC round or to local angels. That's our plan, for our "real" startup. But many more of them will give up because they think nobody's watching and nobody cares. I don't think that's a reflection on their character, I think it's the rational thing to do. Thing is, everybody loses out because those startups don't get started. So the goal here is to provide an environment where the 90% of us who don't get YC/Techstars/YEurope funding continue with our startups, and have something we can show local angel groups. As I understand it, the main problem facing angels is they're afraid founders will give up and send the angel's money down the tubes. This would give founders a place to develop and test their ideas in the critical probably-a-flop-but-could-be-useful stage before taking it to an angel. Your idea must not be worth much then. ;-) I think the point is to throw off all your ideas that you'd like to see implemented but don't have the time or resources to implement. At best, you might manage to implement a dozen or so ideas in a year. I have a dozen or so ideas a week. Plus, startup success is much more about being passionate enough about the idea to do a bang-up job implementing it than having a good idea in the first place. You need many good ideas, not just one. You get more good ideas by letting people help you. It is, apparently. I've switched to SendSpace ( http://www.sendspace.com/ ), and there's also MegaUpload ( http://megaupload.com/ ) It depends on the market - some markets seem to support 3 major players, while others only support two. Think GM, Ford, and Chrysler for the U.S. car market; Toyota; Honda, and Nissan for the Japanese car market; ExxonMobil, ChevronTexaco, and ConocoPhillips for the domestic oil market; Apple, Commodore, and Tandy for the 1970s PC market; and Nokia, Motorola, and Samsung for the cell phone market. Oftentimes that equilibrium is unstable, too. Chrysler got bought up by Daimler-Benz, Nissan seems to have disappeared, all the 1970s PC manufacturers ended up as bit-players when IBM and clones took over the market, and ConocoPhillips is clearly doing its best to become the #2 U.S. oil company instead of the #3. So they're both right, it just depends on what time horizon you're looking at. YSI really is a good service - I use it all the time to send stuff to friends, or did before I switched to SendSpace. Many of my friends don't understand FTP, don't want to download a client, and just want to click on a link and get the file. Only problem is they have basically no barriers to entry, so it'll be hard for them to ever become more than a commodity. If they're lucky, they may be able to make a tiny profit by charging or advertising just above their costs, but if they ever get decent margins they'll be swamped by the competition. So, I was talking with my cofounder, and we came up with Bootstrapacitor.com. It has "bootstrap" in the name and also has the capacitor connotations of storing energy and letting it build up until it escapes like a lightning bolt. Also, there're tons of flux-capacitor jokes we could include (we - meaning the site users - are collectively inventing the future, after all), and the flux capacitor is even shaped like a Y! What do you think? Emacs. Use CUA-mode and tabbar-mode if you aren't familiar with the Emacs keybindings. That's what I do. I'm also fond of Wingware, but it's a commercial product. I found it wasn't quite enough of an improvement over Emacs to be worth paying for. Also, like many IDEs, it takes a while to bootup and requires a fairly large screen, both of which were annoying on my 1024x768 VMWare-inside-a-laptop instance. I prefer the opposite approach: every time you have a block of time, set a task list of things you want to accomplish in that block, and hold yourself to that. Problem with deadlines is they tend to back-load a task. If you know you need it done in a week, you might figure it'll take you 3 days to do, and hence start it in 4 days. Of course, things rarely take as long as you expect them to, so you end going over the deadline anyway or stressing yourself out to make it. With a task list, you'd start that task immediately, and it's done when it's done. If you go over, you have some padding before it's necessary, and you can decide whether to give up on your original task and start the next item, or push through with it and postpone everything else. It's also much less stressful, since things don't get bunched up around the deadlines. Lived across the hall from him in college, sophomore year. Brillant! When's the application deadline? There's also the i-RAM ( http://techreport.com/reviews/2006q1/gigabyte-iram/index.x?pg=1 ), a battery-backed RAM disk. My employer uses it for an app where disks simply couldn't deliver the latency we needed, and yet it had to be fault tolerant enough to survive a power failure. Edit: wow, totally did not see Sam_odio's original post, linking to exactly the same product. Oops. And yCombinator doesn't allow us to delete comments... Clearly, they need to be lazier. Brad Fitzpatrick of LiveJournal Bob Metcalfe of 3Com Jamie Zawinski of Lucid and Netscape One of the Sun founders. Probably Bill Joy, but it might be neat to see Vinod Khosla's POV too. An early employee of Microsoft. Doesn't have to be Bill Gates, but someone who was there before the IBM deal. Some founders whose startups failed - both in the early stages, before we've ever heard of them, and those who crashed spectactularly. I remember that essay, and my employer works a little like that (we have a platform that all of our products are built upon). IMHO, it doesn't work quite as well as it sounds like it should. Problem is, information is lost every time someone communicates their needs. Customers don't actually need what they say they need; there's always some detail that they forgot to mention that only shows up when you watch them use the product. That usually changes the tools that the programmers need, which often aren't the tools the programmers say they need, because programmers have their own preconceptions about how the solution should be implemented. Someone who's only done JavaEE programming will likely say "I need a tool that automates maintanance of my Hibernate and Spring configuration files", when they really mean "I need to store my user's session data between sessions." There's often a strong organizational pressure to use the output of the toolmakers, even if the tools aren't suitable for the job. In my case, I'm not sure that I'd use our platform if just given our customer's requirements and my choice of toolset. But I can't really say that, because it harms morale and makes me seem like a lone wolf who can't work with other people. (Okay, I have said that, with the expected result.) The nice thing about research labs is that nobody expects them to be useful. Other programmers can pick up or drop their work based on whether it actually is useful, not by some corporate policy. Unfortunately, the people most likely to pick up an interesting research lab project generally refuse to work for a big company. So there's a long history of guys in garages ripping off the best ideas of corporate research departments, and eating the parent company in the process. If I were managing a large, cash-rich corporation, I'd have a small exclave a mile or so away from the main campus. It would have two buildings: a top-notch research lab, and an incubator (and a shared cafeteria, of course). The research lab would be staffed with high-priced Ph.Ds and tenured professors, the best in their fields. The incubator would be full of high school dropouts on grad student salaries, but with $40M+ stock grants contingent upon building something that millions of people will use. All executives from the parent company would be prohibited from setting foot on this campus. Come to think of it, this sounds a lot like grad school, but without the bullshit. That's not actually that hard to do, given how little many teachers are paid. I made more straight out of high school than most of my teachers did. And a bunch of my friends were running $20/hour web design businesses while in high school, which (on an hourly basis) is more than our teachers were paid. This was 1998-1999...it's amazing how much teenagers can make in boom times. Debian on VMWare on an Acer Travelmate 4501. I had trouble getting any Linux to work (well) on it, because of the wireless card. This was a couple years ago, and driver support for the Centrino's built-in wireless was pretty spotty for Linux. Rather than beat my head against it, I shelled out a couple hundred bucks for VMWare and mooch off the Windows wireless support. VMWare gives a lot of other nifty benefits too, like I can burn my whole computer to DVD, swap it out, back it up, run multiple OSes, etc. Free imaging too; I have a VMWare image with a base Debian install, all preconfigured with my favorite settings, and when I start a new project I just pop that in and copy it. Some of us like to code in bed. Or on the floor, or outside, or while watching TV. For me, the convenience of being able to take my computer wherever I want far outweighs the bigger screens and hard disks of a desktop. And I've never found the keyboards to be a problem; I type 90+ WPM on a Dvorak-layout laptop keyboard. Joy's Law: "No matter who you are or what company you run, the majority of smart people do not work for you." My guess: the owners are uncomfortable with the privacy implications of Justin.TV. After all, everyone that Justin encounters ends up being broadcast live over the Internet. Many other tenants in the YScraper may not want to end up with their mugshot on the net. This also explains why they would evict anyone who regularly comes in contact with Justin: if they're friends with Justin, then Justin is likely to come over and visit, with potentially negative privacy implications for other tenants. I always assumed it was, and that the closures are stored in the user's session (in memory, on the server). You notice that if you leave a comment reply box up on the screen long enough, you'll get "Unknown or expired session" when you try to submit, and have to back up to the main comment page before you can try again? It is possible to live in multiple frames at once. Difficult, and very stressful, but possible. When I was first asked to co-found my startup, I immediately became very unhappy at work. It was just too much cognitive dissonance. Once I had a startup (which had been my life's goal all along), why waste 8 hours a day working for somebody else, where I'm so much less productive? Over time, I adjusted. I just saw work as having one set of rules and expectations, and startup as having another set of rules and expectations. So I gave up trying to introduce more productive technologies at work, because it wasn't going to happen anyway. And I adjusted my expectations for productivity downwards, because hey, my boss doesn't know that you can do better than JavaEE levels anyway. End result: I'm much happier at work, which is perceived as being more productive because most people judge based on attitude instead of results. And then I go home and do everything my boss tells me not to on my startup. Only downside is that my startup may launch before my project at work does, which renders moot one of my main reasons for keeping the day job. It's similar to switching keyboard layouts. When you first learn Dvorak, you will forget how to touch-type on Qwerty. But if you keep typing on Qwerty, eventually they'll start separating in your mind. For a long time, I would automatically type Qwerty whenever I saw a Gnome desktop and Dvorak when I saw Windows. Then it further refined itself into typing Qwerty whenever I saw Netbeans and Dvorak whenever I saw AIM. Now I'm basically fluent in both layouts, and can consciously switch between the two of them. Also, I suspect every startup founder will have to undergo another frame shift eventually: shifting from the general startup culture to YOUR startup culture. Right now, most of us are internalizing the values of Startupping, News.YC, Ruby on Rails or Python, and various entrepreneurial blogs. Eventually that'll have to shift to the cultural values of the particular startup that you found. Any past or present YCombinator founders around to comment on this? "Personally, I don't have the time for a chat room." I don't really either. But I lurk anyway, because then I'm caught-up on all the discussions and can jump in when I'm taking a break from coding. Personally, I like chatrooms because they're much better for networking. I'm much more inclined to visit the startup of someone I converse with (as opposed to comment with), I'm more likely to make introductions for them, recommend them for jobs, etc. Basically, I could consider someone that I spend a fair amount of time chatting with a "friend", while someone who I only talk to on message boards is a "professional acquaintance". This is mostly because of everything you dislike about chatrooms: they're disorganized, they tend to veer off-topic, they devolve into social chitchat, they're spontaneous, and they take up lots of time. You don't really know a person until you see how they behave spontaneously, when they aren't thinking out their response. Hell, I probably seem significantly less intelligent in chats than on here. But it's that vulnerability that makes me trust folks I chat with real-time more than folks I discuss with on a message board. BTW, I'm also in #news.yc on EFnet, along with Jey. Kinda quiet there at the moment (I think we're both working on startups), but that's just because it hasn't reached critical mass. That sounds like a good idea. I'd love to see more meetup posts here, but the problem is, they have only local appeal and so usually don't get voted up. I'm also in Boston, or rather one of the Boston suburbs. I'm pretty sure there are other Boston folks around. So if somebody could propose a time and a space... 'Course, the Dow also sets records roughly half the time that the U.S. is not in a recession. I do see some worrying signs - real estate for suburban Boston really is a bloodbath for sellers, the numbers on consumer debt remind me a lot of 1929, and some local restaurants seem to have reduced business lately. But if I had to make a call, I'd guess that we're midcycle now, at the beginning of a large boom. More is better, obviously, but you don't actually need to know that much to build a successful startup. If you just keep hacking at it and ruthlessly revise the code you've already written, you'll get there eventually. IMHO, the best benefit of learning a lot is knowing how to not write code. A journeyman programmer can crank out lots of code in a short period of time and quickly implement new features. A master programmer can recognize that by restating the problem a little, you don't have to write any code and a simple, elegant solution falls out of tools and algorithms that are already available. Of course, the best way to become a better programmer is to hack on your startup a lot. That's why you're best off starting even if you don't think you're ready yet. It's not a bad article, but there's a particularly cringeworthy mistake in it: "Another event that aided the growth of Reddit was a blog post about Reddit changing the Reddit site from LISP (originally created by Paul Graham) to Python." Oh? McCarthy might have something to say about that... ;-) I'm in. I'll float the idea by my cofounder too and see if he wants to come. This is the renamed, rebranded, and relaunched RejectedByYC.com, previously announced here ( http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=16234 ). Bootstrapacitor provides a place to show off your work to a bunch of other startup founders without necessarily launching for the whole world to see. When you register your startup, you're randomly assigned to a "demo group" of up to 8 other startups. (The assignment algorithm tries to put startups in the same geographic area together, to facilitate RL meetups.) You can then post feature announcements of everything you implement, and get instant feedback from the members of your group. Until you list your startup as "launched", these announcements are visible only to your group members, so you can put your startup up well before it might be considered ready for the public. You and your group get "karma" based on how many features you push out and how many people look at them or comment on them, so it's to your advantage to release early and release often. Our intent is to create the sort of friendly competitive atmosphere of a math competition or hacker lab. To me, this is the biggest advantage of YCombinator and clones: they create a peer group of motivated, passionate people that show off their work to each other. IMHO, that's far more valuable than money or even the advice and connections: most startups fail because the founders give up, not because they make a single mistake or can't get VC. Nope. He downloads it from the Internet and imports it instead of cranking it out from his head. No RSS feed yet, but I could probably rig one up fairly quickly. Is there something wrong with the login? Your login status says "Active"...