Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing? My opinion is that it is difficult to enjoy music we don't understand. I realise one does not have to love everything about a whole style of music, but not having a clue why this whole style may be enjoyable sounds like maybe you haven't been much exposed to it. So here is one (genuinely interested) question: how much do you know about jazz? I don't get the trap problem here. So I start with A, compute -B as A dot A, then continue my way until I decide to stop at E. So I had to compute the whole path, right? Now you give me A and E, why can't I just compute the path from A until I hit E? That looks like the same effort, so what did I miss? Oh that's actually the point of the exponentiation trick: I choose the private key first and then compute the path from it. Got it, sorry xD Where does a system like https://picterra.ch/ lie? They seem to provide a way to tune algorithms for your images. Are those "algorithms nobody want", or is that helping niche use-cases (by allowing customisation)? Disclaimer: never actually used their system, just saw presentations about it, which show how one can train an algorithm to count... stuff. For one, most people now spend most of their time in their browser or in a hidden browser (ahem, Electron?). So unless you want something specific (video games, a Windows desktop app, ...), I think they just both work. I'm guessing even Linux on a mac is probably okay (since so many people have the exact same hardware as you...) To me, TODOs are the equivalent to keeping thousands of tasks in a growing backlog. It just adds noise for stuff that probably won't be addressed ever. And if it is addressed, chances are that it will be from a new task. Just forget it! If it's important, it will come back on its own. I just don't write TODOs in my code, as I have never seen a useful TODO in a codebase... The worst being "TODO: improve this". Sounds like a way to say "I wrote shitty code, I know it, please merge it anyway", which is completely useless IMO. This. "We developers mostly read code, so let's optimise the writing part by writing bad code that will be slower to read." Am I the only seeing a problem here? I was recently looking into CoffeeCatch for Android. Are you saying that I'm losing my time? :-) One country unilaterally decides that it is fine to pollute the sky for everyone else in the name of profit. One company decides to produce more and more without giving a damn about their ecological impact, in the name of profit. Hardly sounds like a revolution to me. My problem with that argument is that the business requirement is based on what we can convince the user to buy. Users won't pay more for a better product if they don't understand it's better. And one may say that "if they don't make the difference, then the bad products are fine after all", but I think that's shortsighted. By continuously favouring the worse but cheaper design, it has brought the industry where it is today: "better write bullshit that ships now than a good product that users won't buy anyway, because they bought the bullshit from the competitor already". Misunderstanding. The Mozilla VPN is Mullvad (rebranded). Oh right, the US built GPS, one of the few GNSS systems out there! Yeah my bad, then private US companies should be allowed to pollute space, it's not the problem of the rest of the world! > One company will have accelerated our escape from extinction You mean by sending a few chosen people in space? Or do you believe that connecting smart devices to satellites will somehow solve the climate crisis? xD > it'd be as crowded as ad and social network What's your definition of crowded? I don't feel like there are thousands of successful social networks or ad companies out there... But I get your point: SpaceX is a nonprofit with the purpose of solving the climate crisis by launching as many rockets as they can to fill the sky with satellites. No profit planned, no investors, nothing. My mistake. > No non-profit will ever solve anything at this magnitude, by definition. So when I say they make that for profit, you disagree, and when I say (sarcastically) that they don't want to make profit, you say the opposite again? Choose your camp. Mine is that SpaceX exists because it is profitable. Then one thing that would be worth considering is that technology is the problem today. You seem to consider that cars made the world a better place, that's your opinion. But it would be hard to argue that the current climate crisis is not caused by technology. You're just blindly hoping that more of it will magically solve the problem which is: technology is destroying life on Earth. Because we can do something cool (nobody denies that SpaceX is cool) doesn't mean we should do it. > Earth will be destroyed even with no humans on it. In the long run, technology is the only tool for survival of life. I guess that's where we disagree. I don't care if life goes extinct in twenty thousands years. And I don't want to survive on Mars, looking back at how we destroyed most living beings there. I don't say that technology is bad in itself. Consumerism is. I don't get how it works. If I give my IBAN, then people can send me money, but they cannot take money from me. A scam would need to ask e.g. my credit card data, but at this point it's pretty clear that it's not to send me money. I am not in the US. Is that different there? Like do you use the same numbers for both? Or do people just not know the difference? My way feels so much simpler :-). It's a bit like public/private key: when I use my credit card, I know I'm paying. And if I pay from my bank, I do it from my e-banking and it's super clear. I can allow a company to withdraw directly, but still it's clear I'm doing it (and I don't use that, I hate that feature). Feels like it just prevents such scams. Of course then you can still convince people to "lend" you money ("send me 5k to leave my country and when I'm safe I send you 2M"), but that's slightly different. Does somebody have an opinion about GrapheneOS vs CalyxOS or /e/ OS? I would be interested, they all seem nice. How does it compensate for rolling shutter? Out of curiosity :) > A major reason for the quality issues is that the major drone manufacturers work directly with the proprietary photogrammetry software providers in the field to optimize the algorithms to their drones. Would you care to elaborate? My belief is that all the photogrammetry engine wants is that the drone manufacturer does as few processing as possible on the images, in order to not alter the geometry. I don't see what kind of algorithms coming from the drone manufacturer would help, and therefore I don't see how that's a problem for ODM. But none of that is private data, right? It feels like "tuning". Surely one could characterise Sequoia to improve the camera model, and I doubt they encrypt the exif data, do they? Also Sequoia is a bit of a special example here, that most likely has been carefully tuned by Pix4D. But DJI most probably does nothing for Pix4D that ODM couldn't access. Not criticising ODM (I love OpenSfM and ODM), on the contrary: I feel like those are not fundamental limitations of ODM, and one could put the work of improving support for specific cameras without the need for proprietary information available only to Parrot employees. Or am I missing something? The nice thing is that the drone is completely independent :-). You can use any frame (quad, heli, fixedwing, vtol, rover, boat, submarine, ...) with any autopilot (betaflight, ardupilot, px4, ...) and try it with any camera you want. At the end of the day, all you need is pictures taken "the right way" for the engine. Typically, you want: * Sufficient overlap between the pictures: you need multiple pictures looking at each point in the scene from different angles. * Don't change the focal length, because that changes the camera model and makes it at least harder for the engine. * Ideally have some fairly accurate GPS location in the exif metadata of the pictures. * Avoid motion blur (i.e. don't fly too fast for your camera), and blur in general (i.e. you don't want too much vibration, but you don't need a gimbal). Some Android/iOS apps out there do "flight planning" for you, so it may help (you select the area you want to map and the app instructs the drone to take the right pictures for you). Different apps support different drones, so that's something you want to check. But anyway you should try ODM, because it does not depend on the drone, it just needs pictures =). Hope this helps. What's the non-mediocre alternative to Windows, that allows you to choose your hardware (i.e. not macOS) and that is usable by everybody (i.e. not Linux)? Not sure this applies to Meta, though... I have been using Dockcross for years for cross-compiling Doesn't it "just" say that on top of providing the sources of the binaries you distribute, you must provide/document a way to update them? I call them UpperCamelCase, lowerCamelCase, Upper_Snake_Case, lower_snake_case. You mean that you want your compiler to say "I know that this will sometimes fail, but I'll let you burn yourself unless you enable a flag"? Should it also have a flag to say "Told you!" when it happens? xD Those are independent. Having root access does not mean that other parties do, but more importantly, NOT having root does not mean AT ALL that other parties don't. How do you choose what you put in your CPU? What when Windows forces you to have that kind of hardware? You can choose not to wear that gear, but choosing to not use Windows is much more complicated, at least for most people. Maybe it converged, just like other industries? Say, cars or planes have not fundamentally changed in decades. But would there be other designs that would make them so much better that it would be worth changing? That's not clear to me... Is that only that good libraries should correctly use semver (i.e. be backward-compatible unless they change the major version), or is there complexity somewhere else? My feeling is that dynamic linking is a pain because sometimes one needs, say, 1.2.5 for some part of the code and 1.3.1 for another part, and they are not compatible. Which hints towards the library author having messed up something, right? Feels like this completely misses the problems of habitat destruction, biodiversity, etc. I don't want to live in a big mall, so I'm not really in favour of plans that go "let's go live on Mars, the goal is only for the human species to survive". IMO we need to produce less, consume less, and stop destroying whatever remains of life other than the human species. More energy doesn't seem like the solution to that. > The similarities between the Hypertext Transfer Protocol and the Bitcoin Protocol are almost too perfect. Except maybe for the fact that HTTP was not looking for an actual, legal, constructive use-case that it solved better than existing technologies say... more than a decade after its creation? That's precisely why I said "legal" and "constructive" :-) > we manage almost 10x more without mass starvation Really? We're going towards mass extinction right now. And I think it's pretty safe to say that the growth that allowed us to get here is what's killing us. I don't think we can say we managed, we just haven't paid for it yet. Let's be honest: mass extinction means less people. We are going towards wars and mass starvation. Either we can admit we're not sustainable and try to save what's left, or we can bet that we need to do more (much more, according to the article) of what's killing us, and at some point it will magically work. Yeah waiting is probably good enough, at this point. Adding a data point to your statistics: I sign commits and packages I maintain (when it applies), not my emails. GPS satellites broadcast data, and the GPS receivers (e.g. your phone) only receive. That means that they are completely invisible to the satellites. You are tracked on your phone because it is connected to the Internet somehow, so it can send your location. But with only a GPS receiver (my Garmin running watch for instance), you are completely invisible. Depends on your definition of "best browser" I guess... My best browser is Firefox, precisely because it is not based on Chromium. I disagree. Startup employees care about making a good product, too. That's the rule when you join a startup: you won't have the highest salary, and maybe your startup bankrupts in 6 months, but you get to have more impact. If you don't want the risk and don't want to care, go in an established company. But that all means that you should be transparent with startup employees, because many decisions depend on that at all level. If you hire employees who believe that they have infinite time and money to get the product to work, then you probably did not hire well, IMO. I would argue that it is often relevant for the technical employees to have an idea about how business is going: who wants the product, how they (intend to) use it, and also who discussed a partnership and eventually did not go with the product. As you said, not everyone can be into business. Which also means that not everyone can be technical. Who says that the business people are good at translating requirements from potential clients to technical employees? Isn't it likely that the technical people know more about what is technically possible? If you share too much with your employees, what's the worse case? They leave with that data? So what? If the whole value of the startup is that the founder knows a bunch of business numbers, anyway it doesn't sound very promising. However, if you don't share enough, maybe you miss very good solutions that they would come up with if they had access to all the data. Worse: if your interpretation of what the customers want and what is technically possible is slightly wrong, maybe you will send your whole startup in the wrong direction. All that just because you thought you knew what your technical people needed to make a good product. Parrot Anafi is pretty nice. Haven't tried the Anafi Ai though. That won't be a Mavic, but that's european, and really not bad. Open source would be PX4, Ardupilot and BetaFlight, pretty much. But there you need to build your own frame. > Assuming I get four such emails per week and that it takes two minutes to read and respond to each one, automating this would save me about seven hours of administrative work per year. Am I the only one thinking that it's obviously not how it works? Not even considering the time it took implementing that. I mean it's a fun project, but I don't see the need to justify it with "it will make me more productive". Fun is reason enough. I guess try to use it as your main e-mail for a few years and you may see... This. Wut? Makes no sense to me. What about: "measured against the potential saved [...], before realizing that in the end, it probably won't change anything there"? Just like 5G could potentially reduce the overall consumption, before we realize that actually we use it to the point where it increases them. Or just like any other technology, after all. Why not? Wait, what? What about we start by not destructing our planet? "No no but look: we destroyed most life on a whole planet, but it will be different in a spaceship: there we will live happily in peace forever, without any problem we can't handle (because we destroyed them with our habitat)" One thing that has always been true is that we always put as much crap as possible while not getting unusable. Computers got infinitely more powerful, but websites are not faster to load because they are much bigger. QUIC won't change that, it would just allow for more crap. Because the only thing preventing you from living anywhere is the Internet connection? What abouy access to water, food, infrastructure, social life? That's the thing: not everyone agrees on all that. I personally don't give a damn about saving a subset of humanity by sending them on Mars. But by doing that, we pollute, and that's part of the problem here on Earth (which I care about). Worse: they're not just sending a couple rockets, they send as many as they can, and build services like Starlink, which are about producing and consuming more, which again is part of the problem. I am of those who believe that if technology is a big part of the problem, then more of it won't make it better. But it's not like I have a choice, so instead of waiting for a potential asteroid that will kill me while some (rich US citizen, maybe?) survive on Mars, I am here waiting for the catastrophes we are creating. And the biggest catastrophes we will experience in this modern life... are almost exclusively due to the energy credits we spent by burning the eons-old reservoirs of solar energy, of dead plants and animals. Honestly not sure it's a win. Maybe they had less, but they had not destroyed most trees, mammals and insects (which we have already), and all that for what? For a future where we will most likely have much, much less energy, and therefore where most our modern system... will collapse. Can we debate the "the world is so much better than it was pre-industrial revolution" statement? That's IMO the most interesting part here. If you run your own homeserver and talk to people on homeservers you trust, that's fine. Now chances are that you talk to people who are not on your server, right? I like Matrix a lot, but the way I use IRC: for public rooms. For private discussions, I use Signal Messenger, which seems to get e2ee right, and does clever stuff to reduce their access to metadata (pretty sure matrix homeservers have to know in which rooms I am to fetch my messages, right?) > As far as Signal goes, my main concern there is just how centralized it is. That's the whole point of end-to-end encryption: you don't have to trust the server if e2ee is done right. Matrix is decentralized, but as this disclosure shows, they have issues with e2ee. Signal is centralized, but I have never, ever heard of a security issue with the Signal protocol. So yeah... you may have concerns about Signal being centralized (e.g. they have the power to shut it down, and I guess they could ban users), but end-to-end encryption is not one. Actually Signal probably has one of the best e2ee out there. > and things like the server-assisted initial key exchange are both bolted-on and often omitted from security analysis in a way that I find very dubious. You mean the Extended Triple Diffie-Hellman? What do you mean by "bolted-on"? Would you consider it "bolted-on" too, if it was just a normal Diffie-Hellman (hence not asynchronous)? And the zero-knowledge groups still don't give that capability to the servers, do they? > Signal has security bugs line the best of them. I was talking about the Signal protocol. > it’s questionable if this counts as “issues with e2ee” Fair point. It's not a problem in the encryption protocol, but it is a design problem on the group membership control. Now I think it's not completely fair to compare that to the Signal private contact discovery, which relies on SGX enclaves. First, because it's private (if you trust the SGX enclave technology), and second because even if it was not, I believe it is a pretty different level of "design problem": "if the secure enclave does not work, then the server can access a hash of your addressbook" vs "if the whole system works as expected, AND you don't constantly keep an eye on the group members, it could be that a malicious actor reads the content of your messages". Or am I misunderstanding something? They are actually pretty damn good for some criminal use-cases... Money laundering is one. What about ransomware? What about malware mining cryptocurrencies? Also I think North Korea is using cryptocurrencies to get money out of cyberattacks. It does not feel like all this is prevented by trivial analysis, is it? Note: valuable as in "people are willing to pay for it", not as "it is solving a use-case better than alternatives" Yep. I think the one place where blockchain shines is cryptocurrencies. If it's not a cryptocurrency, then there is a better alternative. I wonder if Darknet Diaries will someday become the XKCD of security stories: "there is a Darknet Diaries for that" :) Well the stupid popup is coming from the stupid website. If they stopped collecting data they mostly don't use (let's be honest, most websites probably don't do anything useful with most of the data), then they would not have to show the popup. Does it? I mean China is not exactly as free a market as the US, and I wouldn't say they are lagging horribly behind... on the contrary in many cases You mean, like the Internet? Or GPS? Also the US government is injecting a ton of money into private companies, so it's not necessarily visible. Technology is the problem, not the solution. Doing more technology increases the problem, as can been seen from the data over the last decades. What you're looking for is magic. Magic would solve it. Because surely you were an expert on covid and its consequences early on during the pandemic, and surely you have proven (and published) that the measures taken (given the knowledge at the time where they were taken) were counter-productive in the long run, right? While entire countries will keep the imperial system versus the metric system, I'll never believe in global standardisation. Even if it's strictly better, there will always be a cost to changing, and therefore not everyone will agree. Would someone happen to know what that means for MFi/accessories? Hint: Apple themselves don't seem to be aware that USB-C does not have an MFi program. > Didn't need to be an expert to see where all of this was going. Sure, there is never a need to be an expert to claim knowing more than them. Also, I'm not completely convinced that it's exclusively related to the Covid lockdowns in Europe. For instance, many companies were very quick to restart (or were not even stopped) in Europe, but struggle with the IC shortage... which is not coming from Europe, is it? It's simpler to think "technology will save us" than "we as a species screwed up and have already destroyed 2/3 of wild life (not talking about the consequences of global warming, that's yet to come), maybe we should change drastically". Right. Yeah it seems to make sense that a pandemic followed by a war would have an impact on the economy :-/. Feels like the typical extrapolation: "Look how fast we've done the 80%! It is only a matter of time until we reach 100%". Except that it never works like that, does it? The further we go, the harder it becomes. It's impressive how fast they went from nothing to almost-fully-autonomous cars, but actually-fully-autonomous cars may never happen, who knows? As a developer, I honestly feel more threatened by the energy crisis to come (end of fossil fuels in the next couple of decades) than with AI replacing my job. Not ridiculous at all, depends on your threat model. It's perfect for me. For clarity, you allow the open source client app (which you can audit and compile yourself) to securely share your contact list with a secure enclave (which is open source so you can audit it as well). You can audit your Signal client app (which is open source) and see exactly what it sends, and how. Now realistically, most people can do that, so they have to trust that somebody who can actually did it. Security experts have been and are looking into messengers like Signal: they have an interest to do so as security researchers, because that would look good on their CV. Of course there is trust somewhere, you cannot do without trust. But Signal is amongst the best you can find. There is always trust involved. The question is: what's your threat model? You can compile Signal yourself, but maybe you don't trust your OS, or your hardware, or your cleaning lady, or your wife. Signal cannot do anything if your phone got compromised by Pegasus, but they never claimed they could. That's exactly equivalent with decentralised software. Because of their threat model. Signal has very good e2e encryption, but somebody could take over the account over SMS (note: they would not access any encrypted message, and that would reset the key so the contacts would know that a change happened and could verify the key if it matters for them). Telegram, on the other hand, is mostly not e2e encrypted, so their cloud can read all of your messages. Pick your favourite. Except that if you are not using secret chats (most people are not), then Telegram is not end-to-end encrypted, is it? Meaning that the server can read the messages. The problem is that people misunderstand the security model in Telegram, and believe that it's e2ee. Except that most features are not, only secret chats are e2ee, and people mostly don't use those (because the whole point of Telegram is the nice group features). You just said it yourself: "normal chats are not end-to-end encrypted". The normality on Telegram is messages that their servers can read. The problem is the social graph. You need to know the ID of all your contacts at some point, right? Either that's stored on the server (e.g. your Facebook friends), but then the server has access to it, or it's stored locally in your app, but if you lose your phone then you lose your graph. Signal has been working on a way to store your graph securely on their servers, but it's hard, and not there yet. The great point about your contact list is that it is decentralised, and it exists already (so you don't have to exchange an ID with all your friends manually). This. You have to trust something at some point. What you trust just depends on your threat model. The Signal server knows your phone number. Not your contact list, just your phone number (hashed or not, I don't really care). Your contact list is only ever shared with the secure enclave, which cryptographically ensures that nobody else can read it, and the code being run in the enclave is open source and authenticated (so you can verify that the enclave is not sending your contact list to the Signal developers). If you trust the secure enclave, then your contact list is not shared with the server. Wrong. That's exactly the point of the secure enclave. I think it's not that hard: - Number of scams/crimes enabled by crypto in the last decade: a ton - Number of constructive, noncriminal use-cases observed in the last decade: zero By "constructive", I mean a use-case for which it is the best solution, which rules out every single blockchain use that is not a cryptocurrency. And the cryptocurrencies are the ones enabling the crime and scams. Question makes perfect sense. My understanding is that hackers could forge transactions and send money to their wallet. So they took the money from many wallets and moved it to one (or many) of their wallets. Nobody can cancel those transactions, even if everyone can see them. That's by design (and that's what makes it great for criminal use-cases, among other things). Wait, maybe not. Seems like it was taken from the BNB chain. Not sure if that's "created out of thin air", though... maybe closer to printing money from the central bank? Not sure xD Not sure what your point is. You're saying that you can live without trusting anything at all? Say you don't trust that absorbing any kind of liquid is safe, how do you survive more than a few days? Do you prove it first? Based on what, if you don't trust anything? Trust is all around us, we constantly choose to trust (or not) things. I don't want them to have access to my messages and make a profile out of me, even less of billions of people. That's why I also care about metadata: social graph is valuable for profiling. I don't write anything that would be interesting to the NSA, I'm not a target for them, so I don't care if they see I use Signal. BTW, say you have an anonymous Telegram username, I'm pretty sure it's trivial to find your name from the content of your messages. Or just from the metadata. Yes, their blog posts are really good. Read about the sealed sender, too! And then realise that even with sealed sender, if you send from your home IP, then you are identifiable. So you should send from a reasonably anonymous IP (w.r.t. your threat model) Just build it from source... Not impossible, but that's definitely not trivial to do. If it matters to you, you should build it from source. If it's just out of curiosity... yeah reproducible builds are a thing, but generally that's not super straightforward in practice, I would say. Yep, you have to trust the secure enclave for this to work! Because you forget that you need to build your contact list (if you don't use the phone numbers), which for 99% of users (including me) is a major pain. Then your backup idea works, but kind of sucks in terms of UX (at least in Signal's point of view), and therefore they decided to go with phone number first, and work on going towards usernames later. Don't worry, you haven't invented anything. It's just that your idea is not at the level of UX provided by WhatsApp/Signal, and the solution is more complex than you think. Let's be honest: if you want privacy, you use Signal. If you want the nice UX (at the cost of lower privacy guarantees), you use Telegram. The problem is only when people fail to understand that the only private chats in Telegram are the ones that remove all the UX benefits, and instead believe that their "normal chats" and groups are private. Yes, and that's a choice. You can choose UX (Telegram) over privacy (Signal), and I am fine with it. Just don't pretend that Telegram is private. That's not an addition: e2ee requires a way to verify keys. Without that it's not proper e2ee. Which you mostly don't want to use if you use Telegram. The nice features of Telegram are the ones that are not e2ee!!! Having secret chats is mostly for marketing, to pretend it's private. But it's mostly confusing. Exactly: it's not a secure messenger. It has an option of secret chats which is not as private as Signal. If you want privacy, use Signal. If you want UX, use Telegram. Just don't pretend Telegram is private. Both are fine, but people need to know what they are doing. They thought about that, but it's harder than you think. They even explain why on their blog. Yes, and they are working on it. It's just harder than it seems, and it is not as important as people seem to think. I value much more the work Signal did on metadata than the username vs phone number debate. Ask them how many users choose to sync their contacts :). I did. A big mistake you make is to think that someone would be powerful enough to find you personally on Signal, but would fail to find you on an insecure chat in a video game. If you are not interesting for the NSA, giving your phone number to Signal is fine. If you are... run. The counterstrike chat won't hide you. Half of the world phone numbers have leaked already (including with a Facebook leak a few years ago). But that's not what's valuable. What's valuable is the social graph: who are your contacts, and who are you writing to. Signal works very hard to not know any of that. And it does it better than the alternatives I know. The whole point of e2ee is that you don't need to know what the server is running, just check the (open source) client. The point of their private contact discovery is to leverage SGX enclaves so that you can verify what code is running on their server. Sealed senders allow you to send a message without revealing to the server who you are. The whole point of Signal is to build something that you don't have to trust. But of course you need to put some effort to understand it (and what it means, e.g. if you don't trust your OS running the client or if you don't trust the SGX enclave). You miss the point. The point is that you have to trust something at some point. It's your choice what to trust, but you cannot live without trust. Don't trust Google Services, that's great. Trust your favourite alternative instead. The whole point of e2ee is that you don't have to care about that! Yeah that's harder. If it mattered to me (like for my own physical integrity), I would compile it myself. I looked into it, and it was technically interesting, but honestly much harder than compiling from source. Do actually secure smartphones exist? Ever heard of Pegasus? The secure enclave guarantees cryptographically that you are running the code you say you are running. That code (private contact discovery) is open source and authenticated by your client using remote attestation. It's not just a hash, it's an SGX enclave. At that point, your phone is vulnerable. As is your computer, and your connected fridge. If your threat model does not allow it, use manual e2ee with pigeons. Otherwise, well secure enclave will get better with time, which will make Signal better too. Does that mean that the secure enclave technology will die? Feels like: 1. SGX is just an implementation, could be replaced by something else. 2. SGX still works on CPUs that have it. Again, no. You have to trust your eyes before you walk on a bridge (maybe there is no bridge, and your eyes are being magically tricked into seeing one?), you have to trust that the bridge will not collapse while you are on it. Don't want to trust the bridge? Trusting means taking risks, for sure. But there is still trust. Sure. I just don't get what your point is. Since you don't trust any communications at all, then let's use whatever has the best UX even if it is plaintext, and live with the consequences of mass surveillance? I don't get what it does. Is ActivityPub used like some kind of RSS feed that people can follow? I kind of get lost with the ActivityPub/Fediverse story. When I subscribe to a blog's RSS feed, it's a decentralised and anonymous way of "following" the blog. Now if the blog uses ActivityPub and federates with Mastodon instances, then it's not a blog anymore, right? Or similarly, if Lemmy is supposed to be like Reddit, then it should not federate with Mastodon (everything that federates with Mastodon kind of becomes a Twitter alternative, doesn't it?). Probably I haven't understood the idea yet. Well it's far from easy with Telegram, too. Exactly what I was thinking: I don't see the point of running a server on an old Android device. Just install Linux there, right? And typically there pmOS seems like a promising project! Sure, but not everyone has the same opportunities. So I'd say we should focus on the best we _can_ do personally. It's better for me to focus on recycling my electronics than focusing on the ecological impact of the modern commercial satellites madness. Because I cannot do anything about Starlink and the likes, but I can recycle my phone. The whole point of the covid measures was/is not to avoid getting covid, but to slow it down. Because if everyone is sick at the same time, it's extremely bad. There is a balance to find between living the rest of your life with a mask and refusing to help slowing the pandemic down by doing a small effort, because YOLO. But that's far from being globally understood. Personally I don't want fun names, but I wish people used unique, writable, pronounceable names. Try to search for "camera" and see if you find this project. On the other hand, v4l2 is pretty unique. If all text editors are called "TextEditor", maybe the name says what it is, but the name is useless. For a company, you just use the company name ("Microsoft Word", assuming that the company name is unique enough), but for an open source project... "Is Numbers a calculator? Or an accounting app maybe?" "Is Calendar the one I just installed, or is it the one Apple is forcing me to use?" "Wait, so there is an app called Mail that I cannot remove, but my e-mail app is called Thunderbird? Let me note that." 1) People will learn the name of the apps they use, it's not that hard 2) Not all browsers can be called "browser". Sorry I meant it as a general comment for project names, not for this one in particular. And it is just my preference: given that "names that say what it does" don't really help me discriminate projects in general, I feel like "unique names" would be better. And if, like many company, a ton of money will be put into infinite brainstorming sessions by people with a good salary, I feel like maybe just going for a fun, unique name would be cheaper and not less effective. "Apple" does not return the fruit in the top results, but I wouldn't say it's a good name for a new project in 2022. Same for "word", I wouldn't advise you call your project like this, even if the top results are "Microsoft Word" and nothing related to the actual meaning of the word. I come from an industry where everyone uses the same prefixes/suffixes (related to the industry) together with names that "mean something". As a result, it's never really unique, and the only way to differentiate them is to always name them together with the company name. There is one in particular where the company name says what their product does, and it is similar to another product. For that one I _always_ need to Google it and go check the geographical location of both companies, because that's how I differentiate them: the names (and in this case the company name) do not help me. Coming from Europe, I was very surprised in Vegas when I needed to spend 10min crossing a road with a taxi, because it was hell to do those few hundred metres by foot. I think that there is a lot of work that can be done for public transportation (and pedestrians) in the US. At least in dense cities. My guess would be that HTTPS checks the certificate, but SSH does not (does it?). First time you connect to a server with SSH, you have to accept a fingerprint. And once in a while it complains for some reason, and the typical move is to erase the file that stores those fingerprints, right? Well this is not the right way to do it (vulnerable to MITM), but that's how I see most people use it. Your hardware key mostly ensures that nobody steals your private key, but it cannot magically authenticate the remote server (which is what you need against MITM). Because you think that the US government does not benefit from all that data going through US companies like Facebook/Apple/Google? More privacy w.r.t. those wouldn't hurt non-US countries, I would say. And 15 years ago it was cool, wasn't it? I did not know it was a thing in English! This said, in French it is "tout de suite", but apparently both are correct in English. Counter-examples: I have had expert teachers that were really good, and others that were really bad. I have had non-expert teachers that were really good (at explaining what they knew), and others that were really bad. Sounds to me that being a good teacher may be orthogonal to being an expert. With the caveat that you need to understand "enough" of what you teach: I have seen teachers giving wrong explanations (in a non-constructive way) about topics I was more knowledgeable than them about. Yeah, they "partially agree" for some point, and "partially disagree" for some other point. Does not sound like they "debunk". Yes, in French it tends to be pronounced "tou tsuit" (if I can spell it this way :D). If the encryption is good, shouldn't it be fine to say that you use it? E.g. I need to share my public PGP key, but it does not make me particularly vulnerable, does it? For one, it's not so clear anymore that Elon actually wants to buy Twitter, is it? Then Bluesky would have to succeed, for Twitter to move there. How many web3 projects have succeeded yet? Maybe this is the Year of The Web3 project. For anything to be a universal handle, you need everything to support it. Will every single project start using this protocol? Probably not. So it won't be a universal handle, just another account. No, we shouldn't. The world is running on fossil energy, and that energy is going to go down. We should primarily work on preparing for a world with reduced energy. Much better in that it is open source (so you can audit the e2ee), and it does a lot about metadata. It is actually better at protecting metadata than many decentralized alternatives. Nobody said it was perfect. It's just better. Why not IRC? That's old fashion, and amazing :) Is it also the time to remind about the fact that Telegram is not end-to-end encrypted? I mean, the "secret chats" are end-to-end encrypted, but if you use Telegram that's the last thing you want to use. If you use Telegram with only the secret chats, then Signal is better. If you use all the cool features of Telegram, then your communications are not end-to-end encrypted (i.e. the Telegram server and whoever can hack them can read everything). They say they do, but you have to trust them. You don't have to trust Signal, you can audit the sources (or trust some third party to do it for you). > The fact that it's closed source just means that we can't verify that for ourselves. That's really the whole point. As far as we know, it could be that it is not e2ee at all. Also from the moderation article, it's not clear to me what that means: if I report you, does that mean that the moderators will get access to all your recent conversations? Could be, right? But then the FBI could report you for no reason, and then ask WhatsApp to provide your recent conversations. Which would effectively act as some kind of backdoor, right? "Just quickly add this one more feature, you'll have time to refactor after the release" Honestly, if it really mattered a lot to me (i.e. to my own security), I would compile Signal from source and install it on my device. Which I could not do with WhatsApp. But they make the compilation slower, don't they? If the library is open source, I'm fine compiling it once and then linking it. Not a big fan of header-only libs to be honest. Technically Musk paid people to do it. Pretty sure he doesn't know how it works. Well there is an IRCv3, so it is evolving. And honestly Slack/Discord don't bring that much IMO, at least for the cost of running on a damn ElectronJS app in a proprietary system. All that for what? Reactions to messages? The fact is that average users don't make any considerations about privacy/freedom/technical merit: they just jump on whatever is used by their own contacts. Nobody is using Mastodon because nobody is using Mastodon. It feels like one solution to that would be marketing. And given who is behind ATProto, they may have a shot at convincing many people to use their new shiny app. No shit. I wonder: could one possibly run a custom ROM like bangleJS on a Garmin? Are there projects reverse engineering them? Something like BangleJS? The market works in mysterious ways :). That also explains why ElectronJS is so successful. There are the people who don't want a specific message to leak (politicians, journalists), and then there is the whole surveillance capitalism story. We need e2ee so that companies cannot profile entire populations using the content of their messages (they can still do a lot with metadata, admittedly). This reasoning is the reason why better alternatives struggle. "I get that it would be better, but I don't care so I won't use the better alternatives". That's debatable, since WhatsApp has e2ee and Telegram doesn't (nobody uses Telegram for the secret chats, let's be honest). You mix up concepts. The client app is responsible for e2ee, you don't have to care about the server. So you can actually audit the client code and make sure it is e2ee, which you cannot do with WhatsApp. In other words, for e2ee you must trust WhatsApp, not Signal. I presume that for the outdated code, you think about the server code. That's different and would imply metadata, not message content. Signal is e2ee, and you don't have to trust them for that. Moxie is not at Signal anymore. Federating is hard, and Signal is trying hard to solve the metadata problem in a fundamentally different way (which I happen to believe is better). I see you want federation, that's fine. I want private metadata. Don't use Signal if it doesn't do what you want, but maybe try to accept that not every project should do what you want. They have their preferences too. "Don't get me wrong I get that making encryption the standard should be the way to go" That did sound like saying "it would be better to make encryption the standard", didn't it? That's wrong. If it is end-to-end encrypted, then the server admins still cannot read it. Use e2ee messengers (like Signal) for DMs, use Mastodon (or whatever you want) for public posts. Decentralisation is orthogonal to privacy. Your messages can be end-to-end encrypted on a centralised system (e.g. Signal) and not on a decentralises system (apparently here Mastoson). Decentralisation is about control: the Signal admins could shut down the server and kill the service. For Mastoson, if you stop one server, the others still work. That's wrong. A "website" can do e2ee. You just need to do the encryption/decryption on the client side. Protonmail does that, Mega, etc. > I just get a greasy feeling from the lock-in, the heavy marketing, the fact that everyone refuses to speak critically of them unless it’s about anonymous usernames. There are two things: First, say the Android apk they distribute has a backdoor, and someone realizes that (it's distributed to millions of people, could be that someone checks). Then that's the end of Signal, right? So that's a big risk for them. That's for the "mass surveillance" scenario. Not perfect, but that's something. Second, if you fear a targeted attack, then self-compile Signal. It's not that difficult if you care about it. It is only downloading, right? Is that tolerated? Anyway it's a cool post! Would be nice to see a follow-up for the upload/sharing part! That's what lucky people say. > And what about this 'looking for twitter alternatives' crap? Well every opportunity is good to try to promote your network, isn't it? IMO because hydrogen is less efficient (by a factor of two, I believe) than using the electricity directly. So given that we are going to have less energy in the future (because fossil fuels are not unlimited, e.g. we passed the production peak of conventional oil back in 2008), then we should use it wisely. And we need hydrogen for other applications (steel, methanol, fertilisers), so probably we should keep it for those. The fact is that you need energy to produce hydrogen, and then car engines are less efficient with hydrogen than with electricity. And the other points remain: we need hydrogen in other important fields (probably more important than cars, right?), so we should keep it there. If we get more efficient at producing hydrogen for those applications, that's good. No need to add cars on top. Was that worth a downvote? At least, if my question was that stupid, could you point me to the part of the blog post where it shows how pieces are sent to other peers? No. I'm thinking that a BitTorrent client, in my naive understanding, should share the file while it downloads it. Otherwise it's just a client/server system, isn't it? That code is only downloading, as far as I can tell. Never sharing the file. I was just asking if that's tolerated in BitTorrent. My guess was that it is not. > It is a client/server system, but pulling from $n hosts instead of just 1, spreading out the load and also downtime risk across all $n hosts. Well the point of peer to peer is that peers share while they download. Otherwise, if everyone only downloads, then it doesn't really get distributed. Also I meant client/server in opposition to p2p. Many non-p2p systems "on the cloud" spread the load and downtime risk across machines, that is independent from the p2p part. > using BT to download, but then exiting without attempting to seed anything I am not saying that you should keep sharing after it is downloaded. But typically BT clients "force" you to share while downloading. > And the reason I mentioned the "ratio currency" is your use of the word "tolerated" here: BitTorrent isn't the mafia, it's just a protocol that offers the ability to share pieces back to the Internet. Sure, sorry for my english, not my mothertongue :-). I know it is not the mafia, and I know it is a protocol. I used the word "tolerated" to ask whether or not, in practice, that gets you banned. Thanks a lot for the insights! It's already really instructive, for the download part! And it changes from all those Twitter-related posts recently, to be honest :-). Thanks for the nitpick. Now let's read this again as "Apps implementing the Matrix protocol...". If one app found a way to make a nice UX for it, all the others would follow. So in practice it seems perfectly reasonable to say "Matrix" when talking about the general UX found in apps implementing the Matrix protocol, doesn't it? > They will lose a lot of people if they don't. I don't think they will. But the same question applies: why? It feels very weird to have both a very good end-to-end encryption (the Signal encrypted messages) and a very bad system (SMS) together in the same app. People should just move away from SMS, it's not like it's hard. I can accept that it is a real argument, since so many people mention it. But I just don't get it. People have multiple apps for their social networks, and are completely fine with them. Snapchat, Facebook, TikTok, WhatsApp, Telegram. At the end of the day, I think it's just an excuse. They don't want to install Signal because they follow what others do, and it seems like others are not on Signal. Instead of saying: "Install Signal, it will be your new SMS app", if you said "What? You don't have Signal? That's the new thing man", I'm sure they would try it. Then realize that they don't have contacts there, and uninstall it (because they reaaaaaallly need to save those 6MB badly on their phone, for some reason). People don't use what's best, people use what other people use. They don't want to think. Still they have many. Really how many people exclusively use SMS on their phone? On Android, I have been using it for a while with Unified push: for Tusky (Mastodon client) and Element (Matrix client). Works well, I wish more services were using UnifiedPush (so that I would not need the constant Telegram notification, for instance). Don't check what Slack (or WhatsApp before) is, then. I think people mostly don't care, but I personally sign my commits. And if you rebase, you lose the signature (well, maybe the person rebasing re-signs it). But then it means that my commits are not signed by me anymore. Feels like an interesting point against rebase workflows to me, but nobody mentioned it, so maybe it's just me. I have been working remotely for a long time (before covid). I think you can link that to my degree of engagement in the meeting. If my camera is off, chances are that I'm doing something else in parallel (meaning that if I could politely refuse to participate, I would) :-). For 1 on 1s I always have my camera on, even when the other doesn't (happens to me). An exception would be if I take the call on my phone (e.g. in the train), in which case I explain it at the beginning of the call. So if I organized a daily meeting and most cameras were off, I would actually question the very existence of the meeting. But standups are a popular cargo cult ceremony, so it seems difficult to question them when they don't seem to make sense :-). IQ is to intelligence what counting lines of code is to developer performance. They are paid to work on what they see as an extremely cool project. They feel special because they work there, and for that I can totally imagine that they are fine having that guy as the CEO. This. From his point of view, he was pushed to that. Of course I condemn it, but if we could accept that he does not perceive the West the way we do, maybe it would help. From where he stands, democracy is a threat. The fact that we disagree won't change it. Just wanted to note that neither Tesla nor SpaceX remotely solve global warming. But before Putin, Putin was not in charge. One could argue that he improved his own situation, yes? Except that maybe, just maybe, users won't stay if Twitter suddenly is not Twitter anymore but some kind of WeChat. Users are what gives it value, but users are here for the app, not for the brand. That's what Metasbook seems to have forgotten when making Instagram look like TikTok. If people want TikTok, they will go to TikTok, not to Instagram. And I feel extremely targeted because I did a similar tunnel recently