It sounds like a very dramatic series of events on all accounts. The Guy, Amélie, Kelly, they were all up to weird and bad behaviour. I would say the way she handled things wasn't anywhere near ideal, but that doesn't justify her improper treatment at all. The chair incident is just bizarre. I would say what went wrong here is that the others weren't fired as well - not that she shouldn't have been. That sounds shitty, but I think the most egregious inequality here is that the others got to stay employed. No one did anything right. Unfortunately I think this is just tech for you. I've witnessed so much sexism in this industry, I just don't know what to do anymore (besides ask people to stop it). Indoor (and outdoor) growing is a really fascinating, information-laden, brain-stimulating endeavour. For what it's worth, marijuana growers often learn and share really awesome info that's applicable to all kinds of grows. Loads of neurons firing over there. You can go even faster with some effort! The other day I was frequently hitting well over 50kph, maxing out around 62kph (30-38mph) and I was trying to conserve energy. It's a hell of a lot of fun. I'm not even that fast or fit - any half decent bike will absolutely fly on a good descent. https://www.strava.com/activities/954036327 (Shows top speed recorded by my GPS) I know you've had a heap of responses already, but regarding eating after you get home: Prep something in advance. Make dinner the night before, but double it. The next day after the gym just warm it up, eat, and relax. You'll spend ~10m extra the day before preparing extra and save yourself tons of energy and time the next day. It'll make working out seem a lot less daunting. Try to fit a bunch of these in and eventually you'll have quite a lot more time. Prep food in advance, work out at home, you're saving well over an hour already. I feel your pain regarding wanting to go part time so you have time for what you care about. I have many weeks where things pile up until the weekend, then it's all errands and chores all weekend. Such a drag. You can make it yourself fairly easily I guess: const awaitAll = Promise.all.bind(Promise); async function foo() { var [val1, val2] = await awaitAll([func1, func1]); } It isn't ideal but it's a little cleaner It would be great to see a larger study, but it's interesting nonetheless. Something I thought about fermented foods is that they tend to have more bioavailable nutrients. So, sourdough contains less phytic acid than quick breads, making it so the nutrition in the bread can be digested more easily. Amongst other things. If this is true, that seems like a good enough reason to choose it. Flavor and texture is good enough too, really. The point about individuals discovering what works for them is critical. One of the best things you can do for yourself is just pay attention to your diet and how it makes you feel. Maybe the crappiest white bread is just fine for you. Maybe it's totally not. I believe there aren't many absolute truths about nutrition, so often the onus is on individuals to try and discover these things about themselves. If they did, I would hope people around them recognized that their conflation of neurotoxins in water and largely benign electronics makes very little sense. I think I understand the sentiment, but I don't think the three are the same. And if they had similar results, hypothetically, they would be for entirely different reasons. edit: I'm interested to know more about peoples' concerns about smartphones and other devices emitting harmful radiation. I've never seen anything conclusive at all, but my girlfriend is positive research will eventually reveal something, for example. Very curious if anyone knows more about this. Perhaps I'm totally incorrect. I agree with that to a point. It does count for something for sure, but I think the analogy breaks down pretty quickly from there. I don't want to be pedantic or overly demanding of the statement either though. I just thought, when I read it, that the issues are much more complex than that, and the analogy overly simplifies the matter. I'm a big fan of electronic devices, and a huge believer in them being a medium for addiction and escapism. But I think societies need to look at the root of that issue rather than dismiss any medium for dopamine addiction as harmful (as harmful as lead in your water in this case). That becomes extremely subjective, and maybe not worth pursuing because I admit, I'm not educated on the matter. I simply believe that (based on my experiences) the misuse of electronics will often stem from a lack of stimulation, satisfaction, and/or engagement coming from other aspects in life. There is too much room for this form of addiction in modern life in many parts of the world. If we blame the devices, we fail to blame ourselves for better educating ourselves and striving to develop society in such a way that people feel they have better things to do than escape into a screen. I'm totally open to being called out as clueless or full of it - that's just my take on things. It's a very fascinating conversation, but probably not a great one for the internet. I worry I'll come across as thinking I'm an authority on this stuff or something, when it's quite the opposite. I guess it could be argued that raw food dieters now have access to rich foods like oils, avocados, sprouted legumes and grains, nuts and seeds, etc. That makes the diet far easier than it would have been even 100 years ago, I think. I'm not in favor or opposed to the person you're responding to. Just thinking about how humans eating a raw diet are different from other animals doing so. I agree. The stack exchange is a place I whitelist in my adblocker. They seem to take ads and ad quality seriously, they provided very useful and interesting content, and they employ a pretty excellent team. I don't see the problem. It seems like what you'd hope for from the situation. This reminds me of a trilogy called Remembrance of Earth's Past by Liu Cixin. He creates a sort of analogy in the second novel, saying civilizations in space should be like hunters in a dark forest (The book is called The Dark Forest). He hypothesizes that you should sneak around quietly, looking to kill others, lest you be killed yourself. I won't say more - it's a great read. >Playboy: One of the experts in the field says that for this industry to really flourish, and for it to benefit the consumer, one standard has to prevail. >Jobs: That’s simply untrue. This is a little funny given the walled garden he oversaw the creation of (It seemed like it was intended to improve chances of success by implementing a single standard for an ecosystem), but I'm excluding some context and just poking some fun. Overall it was a good read - he had some excellent foresight about computing and the culture around it. Very cool. That's the key thing here - everything's connected. You can rarely contain pollution well enough that you can say 'yeah let's revisit that in 100 years, it'll be fine'. Often these places that are polluted are really only diluted as the waste moves from one central location to wherever watersheds take it, destroying life as it goes. This is the problem. The tar sands are an ecological disaster! They are not contained. My best guess was that they couldn't get their own car on the necessary schedule (I have the impression you can't just go ahead and buy one and have it inside of a week, but it could just be a stock issue like you suggested), so maybe they were willing to face the consequences of repairing a rental instead of delaying. Perhaps they had a short window of time to work with special people/equipment. Definitely an interesting story. It's just a fleeting term. It'll be Pro until it's not - then you need to buy a new one. Some pros are fine with that. Lots of them can write this stuff off, or request it from their employer. It's not much sweat off their back. A signifiant point of the post is to say that they learned something, and they hope others can learn from it too. Maybe the issue is you didn't read the full article? Isn't it 'Okay Google'? Either way, I do find Alexa rolls off the tongue a little easier. That may be because I have trouble enunciating verbal transitions. Is it really disappointing to get hired at one of these places so many people admire and desire, only to find it's nothing special at all? Or is the problem something else? I've wondered about that. My job isn't spectacular, it's pretty good. I used to want to strive for a spot in a bigger/high impact/significant company like Amazon or Apple for example, but eventually came to realize I'd probably never do anything interesting there, even if I was capable of it. I don't know. I used to feel like I missed the boat and my career would never be as rewarding because of it. These days... Starting to feel like I'm actually doing alright, making the most with what I've got. I stopped pursuing that career direction because I'm geo-locked, so to speak. I can't leave this city. Anyway, sorry you're having a terrible time. I've been there. I hope the situation improves soon. Maybe you should bank everything you can, take time off, then get back to finding work with a fresh mind. Good luck. I don't think the impact was great for me, honestly. And that was 15 years ago. The internet is a different place now - maybe not for the better. I have to agree with maxhallinan. These aren't analogous at all. One time I was riding my bike when nearly the exact same thing happened to me as this woman, only instead of a small child the person was an older man. He, looking for traffic the wrong way on a one-way street, mistakenly thought it was safe to run across the road. I was doing the speed limit (60kph) when I hit him, full force, and sent him tumbling down the hill about 15 feet. It wasn't my fault at all, but that guy was totally wrecked. I was a bit sore, but overall I was fine. Him on the other hand - his body helped break my bike frame (bent one tube, snapped another right from its welds, broke my wheel, ripped cables free), he had nothing to protect his head, and he looked frail to begin with. It was bad. Should I have been charged for that? I don't think so. He did it far too suddenly for me to do much more than hit my brakes. I felt awful about it, but I definitely don't feel responsible for it. If I'd been going the wrong way, he was at a cross walk, or something - something where I should have been more prepared to stop or avoid him - then absolutely. But sometimes pedestrians make really bad calls and road users just aren't at fault. This happens everywhere, not just India. This happens in the United States in the prison system, for example. Haha, you caught that moments before they replaced it with a "we'll be online within 24 hours' message. I find it useful because I don't use github directly, but some of my software's dependencies do. It's a nice heads up, because I probably won't be checking otherwise. > Autopilot used incorrectly can kill people. Sorry, I don't get it. How do you use something incorrectly when by definition you aren't really using it at all? It seems like an oxymoron. Interestingly, this feature is one of the first I recall using on Android maybe 8 years ago. It was very visible and easy to turn on... Not sure why they made it harder to discover. Or have they removed it? They do offer manual route trimming from both ends, too. I've found this useful mostly when I forget to turn off my watch after running. Is this a joke? I just ran it and got something like "macron colo-con letter to underscore macron" And that's... The best I can interpret, it's very muddled. edit: Ah, I see your response to someone else. I'm going to try Allison. edit: Ha! It is Allison! "Shrug". What a time to be alive! It's a marginal difference, but you're not wrong. I don't think it would matter in this instance though. This isn't a sustainable solution to that problem. In Vancouver, rapid gentrification is simply pushing these people around once again anyway. We need long term solutions. Social nets which work to help these people get back on track, prevent people from getting on that track, and soften the blow of hitting rock bottom. I have a strong sense that supporting mental health issues more effectively is at the heart of this. I really appreciate this comment. I was trying to figure out why I wouldn't use native data types and functions, but this makes it clear. In your opinion, where would someone be storing the json such that they'd benefit from a tool like this? The only time I use json outside of pulling it from an API (where I can convert it to a native object) is probably storing it in postgres, where I've already got json querying tools. Oof, I'll chime in here. My helmet has saved me from two head injuries I'm so glad and grateful I didn't have to endure with my skull alone. I suspect I'd have some terrible scars and possibly some concussion damage if I took your advice. > Bloomberg is adding it's own spin to make the leaks more salacious. How is it salacious? Doesn't that imply a sexual undertone to the spin? No, I think you're probably right. Enticing seems well enough aligned. My dictionary doesn't agree but I believe it's used at least colloquially in the way you used it... Ah, such a dream job! I use Strava more than any other app outside of web browsing and messaging. I would jump at the chance if there were remote opportunities. https://about.gitlab.com/roles/engineering/developer If you scroll down about 2/3 of the way, you'll see it. It's not competitive for me at all. I'm right beside Vancouver (Canada) where living costs are about 95% the same as Vancouver, but if I enter that, It says my salary range would be considerably less than I earn now. This seems like a really cool opportunity and I want to apply, but my family can't afford the hit (I'm the only source of income we've got and this place is crazy expensive). Kind of a bummer - it's hard to find jobs doing cool things and also earning decent money. This is all there is to it. Outline clear goals, don't let too much creep in to your to-do list, and accomplish your goals. If stuff tends to creep in, find out why. If you have to, allow room for that - make one of your goals 'handle unexpected tasks'. If possible, defer things to your goals for the following week. If your goals are set by a manager's expectations, talk to them about the unexpected work load. I make a habit of recording unexpected work. It's helpful for avoiding feeling bad if you miss your goals (you can see why you missed it - it's easy to forget otherwise), and it's helpful for anticipating the same work in the future and understanding why you didn't expect it. Goals all the way! Give yourself purpose, keep track, and make sure you've got a manageable work load. I think sarcastic. Psql has great support for json - they were probably taking advantage of it. If you've already got psql set up in your project and have minimal json storage requirements, it can be all you need. You also gain the possibility of retaining some normalization of the data if necessary, which is a lot more complicated if you throw it all in an entirely different database. Oh geez, you're right. It's really the only way I use postgres so I kind of equated the names, but yeah, different tools. What if needing to search and replace in the first place is inefficient? Also, what if that engineer is female? Is he still inefficient? I'm finding these comments hilarious. No true programmer! Saying America was discovered is correct terminology from the colonial perspective hundreds of years ago, but I think today the proper term would be when America was colonized. It had been discovered a long time before then, and it might strike native Americans and others as a eurocentric way of speaking about history. Also what the hell, those little corns are great! I don't care where they came from. I'll add my recommendation here too. You can get going with it over at digital ocean with one of their single click images, whatever you call them, and run it fine for $5-$10 per month. I recommend $10, but I believe it'll still install and run fine for low traffic sites on the cheapest tier. It's also really easy to install yourself. They've done a great job on it all around. If you have a blog, give it a shot. It's not a WordPress replacement if you use tons of plugins but it's great writing software. It's also really easy to theme. I hate to admit it, but I sat in a room with these guys and heard them discuss the Ted Cruz stuff a while back. They spoke incredibly candidly about their intentions and fully acknowledged this was morally questionable. They even offered me work - their cut of the ad spend was huge and there'd be plenty of work for a dev. I think this was before Aggregate IQ was officially a thing... Possibly before they had dedicated developers. I politely declined. They laughed; it was funny to them to have a conscience about this stuff. I said I'm too burnt out from adtech. I'm glad I was, because earlier in my career I might have been more eager to take on responsibility and make more money. When this stuff first surfaced, I knew Aggregate was going to come to light. I know a lot of people who've contributed to their ad buying and I know they have no boundaries. We need regulation for these kinds of people. They were making incredible sums of money for doing this work. You've got a point. I've intentionally distanced myself from these people (At one point they were my clients), but now the distance has only made it so I can't easily expose what they get up to. It might necessary for own sanity though; working with these types of people became a substantial burden for me. No one cares about anything but they payout. It got old fast. I suspect if the potato was encased in ash and mud, floating in average ocean surface temperatures (away from the poles), it would attempt to germinate. Tubers love trying to grow. If it did, it would break apart its case in no time. That's just a hunch I have. Maybe you're right, and the ash or something in a particular clay would inhibit germination. There are so many variables. It's fun to think about - I often wonder how some plants haven't ended up in certain places over the last millions of years. In Vancouver, BC, many business did go out of business when a skytrain line was built through a few communities. It can be devastating. Inevitably you support the company with virtually every transaction. The vendor will pay a fee for using Visa, for example. I believe it's a percentage of the purchase. Jesus, me too. Same keys. Are we able to replace them at all? I keep reading mixed opinions and I'm not sure where the facts are. I found some replacement tutorials but it required buying an entire keyboard's worth of keys, haha. Maybe at this rate I'll need them... Easily the worst keyboard I've had on a laptop. It's pretty awful for a $3000+ CAD investment. I'm with you to a point on AvE - I mostly watch him for kicks. However, the guy's used a lot of tools for a long time. He might actually have the experience and appropriate exposure to know what does and doesn't fail or endure under regular use. But yeah. He says it all with virtually no reserve, haha. Take most of it with a grain of salt. He does seem to know a lot about materials, though. Definitely not a dumb guy. His brain is chooching at around 50% at least Since I've started applying FP (I'm not very strict about it) I've been finding ways to reuse code more which lets me reduce my test footprint and increase the reliability of my code. I've also found it's easier to isolate my business logic without scoping it too strictly to an object or implementation, allowing me to think largely in coding to interfaces or contacts. This is totally doable with strict OO, but honestly I'm pretty lousy at that in practice. So FP has helped me with that too. I lean towards organizing my applications into very dumb objects which are supported by FP-style business logic. At a glance you can infer what's going on quite easily due to the idiomatic use of the objects, but the object orientation mostly ends there. My business logic is organized into isolated modules that are as pure as I can manage without being a nut about it. The objects recruit or are operated on by that logic, so their implementation is very light and clean as a result. Like I mentioned, tests for this kind of code are really nice. They tend to be concise. It's not perfect, but I feel like it's a way FP has greatly improved my code and what I deliver to my team in general. It's an attempt to merge the benefits of two paradigms, I suppose. When he finds you does he squeeze you a bit? That's my son's thing. Waves the arm, makes contact, squeezes and pinches for a while... Then back to sleep. It's nice. Well, why were you on one when you commented here? Sometimes screens are a great distraction. Sometimes they're not. The latter fact doesn't take away from the former - it's just on the user to make good judgements. There doesn't have to be something so fascinating on the screen to justify usage. Maybe it's news, maybe it's an ebook. Maybe it's HN. It's fine if the phone goes away when the kid's done taking a dump. I love this: https://recursive.recipes/recipe/refried-beans?amount=10&tim... Totally absurd, but fun to play with. I do find sometimes it says it'll be cheaper to buy it, but in several cases I'm positive it's not, or the price of the product in store vs from the recipe isn't directly comparable. The example of refried beans is complicated. If you buy a can of refried beans, it won't be as high quality as the recipe provided. The recipe is rich in butter and onions. A can will likely have lard or vegetable oil in it, and very little onion (likely powdered). It also claims it's cheaper to buy the can, but it's because initially the recipe suggests buying cans of beans. If you use dried beans, you're probably spending about the same amount but getting far nicer refried beans. Anyway, it's a fun project, and the things I noticed aren't really problems and are easy enough to negotiate in the interface. I had fun with it. You're right (I didn't realize this): https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/faq#why-would-i... Interesting, but what's to say we won't find older hominid bones in Africa next year? Is it wise to be so certain that Europe was the birthplace of mankind based on a single discovery? Really, the same goes for Africa. Why are we deducing that each oldest bone means _that_ is where humans came from? A fun thing about them (in the PNW at least) is that you can plant piles of them in fall and they will grow with very little assistance (or watering since it rains so much) and you'll have heaps upon heaps of beans in spring. I planted $10 of Windsor beans 2 years ago and ended up drying about 300-400 seeds (far more than $10 worth) and still had too many to eat. Some of my new son's first solid food was a hummus made from those same dried beans (really delicious!). Such a fun plant to grow. Processing the beans is a bit of work, but wow, it's worth it. Unparalleled flavour in the bean kingdom. You also get convention. jQuery didn't offer much of that once you started gluing its functions together... I can usually jump into someone's react code and get what's going on pretty quickly unless they did something really gnarly with incredibly nested props. Even then, at least I still know where to drill down. With jQuery soup, you didn't get that luxury. Being able to have an entire team know how to build components and provide them with functionality is an incredible advantage. I don't love everything about react either, but the ecosystem, somewhat enforced convention, tooling, etc - it's worth it (so far). I love some things about Vue, but it isn't a silver bullet either. Brad seems to be pretty butt hurt about react. If you've worked on a large team without something like react, then worked on one with react, it really shines. It's a major productivity booster. It's not perfect, but it's very good. I agree that the library has great convention. I actually learned quite a bit from that API when I was starting out. The only problem was you could really abuse the usage of the API. I'm realizing now that this isn't a fair comparison. React 'wins' here largely because it has a smaller scope. It's for giving functionality to templates built in the library using a certain approach. jQuery was far more open ended and far less opinionated. That was as much it's strength as it's weakness. It's definitely not a direct comparison. But I do think react is a nice safe tool for larger teams. I think it's actually that the particles are forced to collide at relatively high speed due to the pressure behind the small opening. A mesh could eventually get clogged with minerals or debris, but this approach leaves less room for failure. Basically you're just ripping the fluid into mist with high pressure. Do you think there's a better alternative or are you addressing that lodash is pretty old now? I was doing that for years. I was riding my bike huge distances (400km in a day for example), I followed a solid lifting schedule and managed to reach a 370lb deadlift, and I ran far and relatively fast when I wasn't cycling. I kept that up for years and really loved it. In fact I miss it still. But it didn't keep depression from getting to me. These days I'm in alright shape still, but getting back on that wagon is hard as hell when you feel like trash. I've done it before, I'll do it again, but I think for some of us it unfortunately takes more than exercise. I still also highly recommend exercise as part of any effort against depression. If you're able bodied, chances are it will only be able to help. Rebuilding the autoloader became a normal step in diagnosing issues for me. You never know... These days I deal with npm which in some ways is nicer yet it can still eat afternoons. Haha, fair enough. The other day I was getting this bizarre mismatch of versions of a dependency and I couldn't figure out how it could even matter. Like, who cares if they're two minor versions apart? Neither of them were global so there was no conflict for their parent modules. _That_ is the kind of stuff that kills me about npm. It can be really reeeaally hard to figure out what to do in those situations. Also, package.json is arguably a pretty gnarly way to organize... Well, everything? It's the kitchen sink of configuration, but it's supposed to be for managing packages. But no, you can also configure your packages in there, configure scripts for your application, etc. It's nuts. Even so, both of them are miles ahead of what we had 10 years ago! It's worth checking out Visual studio code. It is a fairly advanced JavaScript IDE in my experience. Using it with TypeScript is amazing if you're willing to put up with the overhead of compiling to JavaScript (though you can run TypeScript without a compile step in the server using node-ts). These tools make JavaScript a lot nicer for me, and actually pretty enjoyable! I've considered this because I love the idea. I just assume I'd start seeing tons of skipped tests, haha. "I'll fix that later". I think the process would include having the team become aware of the situation and improving their editor configuration to stop littering whitespace everywhere. Otherwise I agree, that seems like a waste of time to do in isolation. I'd probably address it more completely if so many files are going to be touched, and whitespace is only one symptom of bad formatting connections. Perhaps everyone should employ the same formatter on save, for example. There is far more value in that. Getting rid of only superfluous whitespace is a bit of a time sink for what you get in return (as much as it drives me nuts). The thing is you can have a simple aesthetic and have it look nice. Not that this looks bad, but I mean, it can suit a product and stay performant, easy to maintain for designers, very little cognitive overhead to work with the design system, etc. Sometimes I feel like people lean on a lush and complex design system to draw eyes and attention away from how thin their product/data/whatever is. Welp, this is boring. Let's slap some lipstick on it. I'm not a python dev, but isn't less dependencies generally better? Or is attrs in Python natively already? Hopefully hockey will change as well. https://www.theplayerstribune.com/en-us/articles/nick-boynto... Every dependency is one more thing that can go wrong in my mind. I always drop them at every opportunity. There are some exceptions. Like I really don't want form building to be in the standard library, and I don't want to write it myself. It is nice when your package manager only takes a short manage to fetch and build though, and you can have more confidence that any mistakes will be your own (under your control) rather than someone else's. I've lived on the strait named after him my entire life and didn't know about him and his controversy. There's also a wonderful hiking trail named after him (mentioned in the article) which is well worth visiting if you're ever on Vancouver Island. It takes most people a couple days, but it's beautiful, not too difficult, and not too busy. So fascinating to think people explored these waters in hopes that it would connect to the Atlantic. Not even close. Probably something to do with being greasy and full of carbon. This was the value I perceived mostly as well. I likely wouldn't use reminders at all. In my experience, if a client isn't on the ball and can't remember or be bothered to send content, I probably don't want to work with them. Making it easy to send the content though, that's great. Keeping it all in one place is even better. This would be great if you could host it at your own domain (or can you already?) so clients just go to your website to do it rather than a totally different service. Just drop a widget into your own web page or something, tell clients to go to yoursite.com/content/clientName where they log in and start viewing. I suppose that would complicate things in other ways, but it would be nice in general to not make a user remember yet another service and url that's totally disparate from your own company. That keyboard was awesome! My new MacBook has lost 3 keys in 1 year. Welcome to the future. I really miss my MacBook air. I really, really miss pivotal. I have to use JIRA these days. The access to information, speed, clarity, and simplicity of pivotal makes JIRA feel borderline masochistic. That's also the fault of my process-obsessed co-workers who, in my opinion, often prize how we do work over actually doing work. Our workflows are hilariously over engineered. Even so, pivotal is great. I'd choose it again in a heartbeat. I like using containers as a reliable build context. I think it makes tons of sense. Once the container's done building, throw it out, take what it built, and serve it. I'd personally do this separately from the rest of the web app if possible, though. I keep frontends in their own repository. Why does half the world think they taste good and the other half thinks they don't? They must be fine... Right? I know it's not a huge deal but touch id is less secure than a good password, so it's not a complete solution. You also can't use touch id in all circumstances... It's actually quite inconsistent in that regard. Where I live I know many people who do both of these things (including myself). But we're surrounded by water and forest! It makes good sense to get out into it. I have a 7mm wetsuit so I can swim year round. Explain? Not to mention all of the professional projects which failed and fell off the radar entirely. It's hard to say what has merits without giving it time. Why I like AJV or similar options is because you get to declare what you expect with a simple schema and it rarely needs to get complicated. It's more overhead than simple functional approaches combined with conditional statements, but I think it's more approachable. Otherwise I find it doesn't leave too much of a margin for error and it's reasonably fast. It's a personal preference, but I prefer it far more than a fluent interface. I actually avoid those now despite really loving them in the past. I suppose some people would argue that 'no known side effects' extends to 'no known effects' as well in this case. Scientific evidence that it does anything at all in humans appears to be non-existent to very weak at best. Is it not 250GB Data Transfer? That would be a lot more than 250MB. Still hard to guess how they would get over that limit. There are so many people with tattoos and bank accounts larger than yours This looks cool. I think it could resolve some of the noise at the company I work for. For example, a lot of #javascript-specific chat happens in the #developers channel, but we have a #javascript channel. This is actually really annoying. I think people would more easily recognize they should put the message into #javascript if they could clearly see the dev -> javascript stream structure. Hopefully anyway. There's no way our company would migrate to Zulip though. > Zulip has modern apps for every major platform, powered by Electron and React Native. I'm not sure the underlying technologies matter to most users. This might not be good marketing, but I don't know. I know someone could have chosen to use this language with reason but figured I'd put it out there just in case. Interfaces are excellent for defining structures in both FP and OOP paradigms in my opinion. They simply describe the shape of data. This is useful in most situations I can think of at compile time. I use ajv's schema-based validation at all entry points to my application (user input from forms, urls, whatever comes back from an API, etc) and find I can very safely assume all data after that point is totally safe, so I'm using TypeScript to ensure _I'm_ not doing anything stupid. Hopefully that makes sense. Runtime type checking would be neat for sure, but I'm mostly worried about the dumb things I'll do. It's not too hard to strictly and cleanly validate foreign data at runtime, but it's historically very easy to shoot yourself in the foot with JavaScript. So I'm very happy. I think it would largely depend on the display technology. I know for some technologies a black pixel uses nearly no energy, but for others, all pixels are equally 'lit' by the same backlight. I loved the idea of the yotaphone and bought the second version (using it to write this) but it's actually the worst phone I've ever owned by a wide margin. The hardware quality is not great and it's stuck on a very old version of Android. The eink display is neat and great for navigation especially, handy for visual notifications on a desk, but otherwise not as useful or as cool as I expected. I kind of regretted buying it. We need a year or so to be sure. It took about that long before my last MBP started getting stuck keys and losing keys. For what it's worth, I type like anyone else does - but I do it a lot. That keyboard was in terrible shape by year 2. I hope the new keyboards are fixed... I have to use one for work (it's issued by my employer). It feels weird to not want a brand new Apple laptop. I was just so disappointed by that keyboard and the touch bar though. Unhealthy office food is the worst. I have a hard time avoiding it. My house has absolutely none of that stuff because I know it's a weakness... Then I go to the office and 'accidentally' eat two granola bars. 400 calories of oats and HFCS later and I'm still hungry. I feel like people want swagger to generate good docs for them, so they jam all the auto-gen annotations and what not into their code base and pump out the default generated docs and more or less leave it at that. And it's awful. The code base swells up with annotations and the docs are permanently neglected. I haven't come across many swagger-based docs that I liked. Having said that, I agree that it's a problem with the user, not the tool. Swagger is fine, you should just put some effort into using it well. Likewise. I've been considering converting my 1998 diesel Mitsubishi Delica to electric, but something fully intended to be electric from the ground up would be much nicer. Also feels weird putting a new electric drivetrain into such an old vehicle, although overall it's still in great shape. I can't imagine buying a sedan or SUV though. The Delica is incredible for so many things - the utility and comfort is unmatched. Plus it has a cool glass roof! I hope to keep that thing running for a long time, and new fancy cars look great but they're functionally lacking in a big way to me. That's what Elon looks like. I liked flash too, but it being owned by Adobe killed it. If it was open, I'd be a lot more sad about it dying. Squabble squabble Agreed. I think that community taught me a lot more than I can even recall about writing good code collaboratively. I was totally floored by 4. What a bizarre regression. 3 was relatively good so I had my hopes pretty high... I literally never used either of them again. If that's the future of the app, let me out. I always thought it was so strange that something as relieving and safe as vomiting makes us feel like the world is ending. That's stunning that (evidently) no one noticed the patents were for a physically impossible design. Was the legal battle even about the designs or more so for posturing? I'm not sure why you're voted down. Mobile Safari has thrown some really bizarre and awful bugs at a few projects I've worked on, and given how critical mobile experiences are these days, it's genuinely a pain in the ass. It's a very nice mobile browser for the most part, but what it gets wrong is enough to make me kind of loathe having to deal with it. I found I stopped hitting walls and levelled out my pace a lot once I started running while fasted. I was doing IF for about two years while running 20-30km once per week or so, and I liked it quite a bit. Eventually I moved in with my girlfriend and her and her son found it too weird that I didn't eat with them - I'd just hang out while they ate the food I made. That's the big barrier with IF. Everyone wants you to eat, so I stopped doing IF consistently. Likewise, I found my energy was slightly lower but it was also very consistent. Like burning hardwood. You don't get explosive power, but you can go steady without hitting walls. In my opinion, and I believe my opinion has largely been informed by relevant experiences (I grew up in a very racist, anti-indigenous community so I feel as though I had to overcome that before I could see this more clearly), the first nations of Canada and native indians of the United States (like other minorities in the same places) have historically been victims of others rather than of themselves. I watched awful things growing up. The extent of bullying, the disillusion of first nations kids from _very_ young ages, the poverty - very little of it was perpetrated by first nations. If it was, I strongly believe you can trace things back to deep wounds put in their culture by non-indigenous folks. As a child I didn't understand much of this, but as I get older it brings me an incredible amount of sadness and disappointment in how insensitive my family and even my peers and colleagues have been towards this situation. A few years ago I learned from a friend surveying in northern Alberta that several bands up there were living without clean water, with overtly depressed children, terrifyingly high suicide rates, traditional territories ruined by development... And that this isn't uncommon across Canada. This is heart breaking. All of this is to say, I think it's important to recognize that many of these people are suffering not because of the internals of their culture and communities, but because of the negative and destructive external inputs from those around them. It is crucial to understand the extent of this in order to move towards eradicating the racism which feeds our countries' complacency with this situation. I hate being political or pushing my opinions on the internet, but this one is too important to me. It really deserves a thoughtful, constructive conversation, at the very least to open others' minds to the realities of what's going on. I find I tend to see a lot of bugs during hatches. You only see one kind, it lasts a few days, and then it's back to normal. Maybe that's what you saw. I love this! It looks dangerous as hell, but they're having a ton of fun experimenting and goofing around. I had no idea you could get so much power so quickly from batteries without something catastrophic happening. Also very fascinating to see how resilient the graphite is under that kind of stress. It's frequently said wrong by the educated and uneducated alike. I love this excerpt of your life. I was pretty young at that point, but had similar experiences (though shorter trips) going up and down BC as a teenager. Instead of techno records I had CDs in a case on my lap. Eventually (after 4 or 5 years) someone was decapitated on a bus and my parents insisted I take a car. Strange times and a much worse ending than yours. I'm sometimes nostalgic for the trees, rocks, lakes, etc. No concerns other than my discman running out of batteries or running out of change for drinks at bus stop vending machines. edit: Remembering now that toward the end I had an iPod mini. That would have been 2008. The problem with the iPod was that you couldn't swap batteries. This was actually the exact reason for me to stop riding, at my parent's insistence. I wasn't worried for my safety, but they were horrified. I don't disagree at all! I just understand why someone might be surprised at seeing the proper usage. Wow, that really does sound incredibly relaxing. Coincidentally, before my first child was born, I was planning to take my bike to Japan and ride/rail around doing much the same. Hopefully one of these days I'll finally get to do it. Your description of it makes me want to even more. Brokers typically have social mobility, and a choice in their type of work. Their sacrifice to make ends meet is incomparable to that of someone selling their body. I'm confused how you can draw a likeness between the two. Perhaps there are moral threads to pull, but I don't think they end up going to the same place. People _really_ need to stop laundering synthetics. The amount of plastic and other material that sheds into our water is stunning. It can harm small organisms at the very least. Things like zooplankton can have their bodily processes interrupted by ingesting the materials. This indicates it can result in death: http://www.ices.dk/news-and-events/symposia/zp6/Pages/Effect... Other studies indicating harm are available, while others have shown mixed results. For example, one where polystyrene microplastics depress and then appear to stimulate growth of algae: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S004565351... It affects people differently so she may be better off than the person in this story, but no doubt it's a real burden to most sufferers. My good friend has it and I've watched him struggle for fifteen years now. There are alright years, terrible ones, and some in between. It's a terrible disease. I have ADHD and hunting and fishing are some of the most engaging things I can think of. Spearfishing can keep me focused for an entire day. I also love working on my equipment and researching hunts. This is all boring to everyone I know. I guess the key thing is that ADHD isn't an inability to engage or focus at all - there's a degree of selection involved. For what it's worth, I never hop out to examine rocks. Some people with ADHD might suffer from impulsive distracted behavior like that, but certainly not all. I came to love climbing as a sport partially because of what you're describing. You could be able to deadlift 450lb, do 10 pull ups with 100lb hanging off of your body, what have you, and still be an awful climber (like I was) despite having so much grip and upper and lower body strength. It's all about technique, and it takes years to nail it down. That feeling of progression is a lot of fun and it isn't linear at all. I love bouldering most because sometimes you can brute force problems, sometimes you absolutely can't - you'll spend a few sessions trying to figure out this one pain in the ass movement or hold, then one day... You've got it, and you don't lose it. It's a ton of fun and I like to think it's actually great for your body and mind. Sometimes it feels a bit like wall-yoga. Likewise in Victoria, BC, Canada. I have no excuse not to eat ethically and sustainably because the options are never more than a short walk or drive away. Not all people have this luxury though. On one hand, I have to make the choice to eat ethically but also spend more money. When I lived up north, options were a lot more scarce, and the average income was a lot lower. The community I lived in heavily relied on the cheapest options available. Remote work was a life changer for me too. The pay is far better, the hours are better (if you keep yourself in check at least), and... Well, I spend a lot more time with my family now, so there's nothing worse to say about it really. In the past I worked for a lot of "performance marketing" companies, but also a few more legitimate companies like Checkfront. Even Checkfront left me feeling deeply unsatisfied despite being an good group of people and decent work. I think there's just something weird going on when companies identify as startups, especially if they're seeking funding. Things deteriorate as they grow, "perks" you mentioned like dogs in the office don't make you feel any better about not seeing your kids after school, and the free coffee tastes like shit anyway. Worst of all though, you're blowing 8-10 hours a day on Canadian pay. If you're in the west like I am, this is a giant fuck you to your bank account. Going remote was an immediate $25k raise with better hours and no commute. Where I live, Whole Foods tends to offer mid to high grade foods (for the middle class person at least). What makes you think it's low quality? I can get live mussels and clams, relatively ethical and fresh beef, good cheeses, decent produce... There are much worse options. Is Whole Foods not always like this? I went to one in California (just North of Monterey as I recall) and it seemed nice enough too. I live in Canada though, so maybe in the rest of the US it's not so great. Speaking as someone with an average vocabulary: Not that I can think of. After a quick look it seems as though it's known that some non-English languages do include singular words for this, but in English it's called "cute aggression", "playful aggression", or similar terms. I agree - I have to keep sweets to a minimum with my 1 year old because he really, really prefers them over normal food for hours or even days after eating them. He also loves very salty foods. He's like any kid really, just smaller (which causes me even more concern about him eating a lot of salt and sugar). Interestingly, Japan still has some stellar products, but they are falling behind as Americans have in many types of manufacturing. It's a shame to watch countries lose touch with the importance of strong domestic manufacturing; particularly when they have a history of excellence. For those of us who appreciate simple little distractions, this is a really fun and easy way to blow away a few minutes. It isn't that easy to build such intuitive but fun mechanics into a game, so it's impressive that a newcomer nailed it so well. Some people tend to require something more engaging or rewarding, and you might fall into that category. Definitely a different strokes thing. This logic appears to presume that women are responsible for changing themselves in order to avoid being mistreated, and that their desire to change their looks is at all intended to draw catcalls, harassment, and unwanted attention. I understand wearing makeup (for example) is an external thing meant for other people to see, but it's reckless and illogical to go down the path of assuming who the makeup is for and why it's worn. It's also unfair to say they should or could have taken steps to change themselves in order to solve a problem unfairly imposed upon them by other people. If a farmer has problems with raccoons eating their crops, would you ever suggest they should simply destroy their crop fields to make the land less appealing to raccoons? This is anecdotal, but I've typically fasted in a similar way (eat between 4-8pm only) for around 5 years. A few years ago I was running 20-30km while fasted without issues. I was running slow (5:30 per kilometer) but I felt pretty good, with steady energy and no weakness or crashing. I took a while to adapt to not eating first, but I'd say it was a matter of a month at most. I personally did (and do) drink a lot of water if I feel hungry. I usually end up hungry the next day if I allow myself to eat past 8 or so - it's always a mistake for me to do that. I allow myself to have tea and coffee, which some people say isn't true fasting because you have to metabolize the things in the tea or coffee. I don't mind. I'm doing this to maintain control over bad eating habits which lead me to be very overweight. I have ADHD and I suppose it comes with poor impulse control in my case - I tend to be very "all or nothing", so fasting works very well for me. I have nothing until I can have it all :) Unfortunately this doesn't work in my experience. The credit card company will absolutely back you if you've been sold bad goods or services, but they seem to need to see evidence that you've already done your due diligence in trying to recover the money yourself. The evidence needs to show that the seller isn't willing to reimburse you. I find email works best for this. The last time I encountered this was with Air Transat. I had to submit my twitter and email correspondence to my Visa provider. I was never issued tickets but I spent nearly $3k on my card, then had to do it AGAIN so I'd get tickets in time for my trip. So I went on my trip missing pretty much all of my spending money, and Transat and Visa were both just playing a waiting game for the entire two weeks. Thankfully my accommodations were paid for in advance and food in Puerto Vallarta is delicious and cheap. I didn't get my money until about 3 months after they took it from me. I've heard Mastercard will do chargebacks with no questions asked, but I've never actually done it. I might have agreed once, but PayPal's UI/UX has been dramatically improving in the last year or so. This visualization reliably crashes my mac. Anyone else having this problem? It happens within ~10 seconds of loading the model. This is so toxic and tiring. It's worth paying for tutorials these days because not only are there thousands out there who want to promote themselves, they want to do so by pretending to be experts. Some are very convincing. If you're a junior or unfamiliar with a technology, you can find yourself reading some of the worst trash out there. I'm fortunate to have enough experience to tell the wheat from the chaff usually, but holy hell there's a lot of sifting to do. I'm currently studying Python for the first time and the amount of garbage writing on the language I find is frustrating. If you've ever handled bugs like scorpions or larger arthropods, they're remarkably similar to crawfish or crabs. They're virtually the same thing. There are aquatic and terrestrial arthropods which are literally the same type of 'bugs'. Whales and deer are not alike in the same way. I did this. I helped build the Air Installer network. I truly regret it. If you look up that name, all you get is people worried that it installed viruses or malware (guess what... it did) and how to remove it. The other results you'll see include the owners trying to sell its virtues. As though it's anything other than a way to exploit unsuspecting internet users for money. I was young and naive, and I didn't think we were using it for malicious purposes. It ended up being worse than I imagined in the end. I left on bad terms and felt like a complete fool. These days I hear adtech companies pay well - I didn't even get that. Just a genuine waste of life and career time. I discourage as many developers as I can from going into adtech. I met the worst types of people in that industry. I think you're absolutely right. I think the fight for living wages will likely be T-boned by the juggernaut of automation. That's why (to me) the conversation about universal basic income is far more constructive and durable than minimum wages. I'm also not convinced the minimum wage debates are as helpful since so many workers don't benefit from it. We certainly need to continue the conversation and ensure workers are paid fairly, but you're right - the more labour costs, the less companies will employ them (to some extent). There is a very short-lived benefit to focusing on raising minimum wages, such that something longer-lasting needs to be considered immediately as well. I think the sigmoid-like adoption will be incredibly pronounced and fast in some industries. I think about this a lot, and when friends justifiably argue and debate for higher minimum wages, I worry that they'll be totally blindsided by the reality that minimum wage is useless when you have no job. I do, but for a significant portion of my life I didn't. I'm also not saying we don't need better minimum wage - not at all. I think nearly everyone should be paid a better wage, and people should absolutely be protected from being paid less than a living wage. I do think a substantial UBI combined with reasonable minimum wage would be a better goal than hair-splitting and squeezing as much as possible out of minimum wage. I'm also concerned that minimum wages are only useful per hour worked, or for employed people in general. It's not as widely beneficial as it should be. That doesn't make your parent comment wrong, though. Another side of this is that there's demand for full stack competency. Even if it isn't perfect comprehensive knowledge, it's enough to get difficult jobs done. I think this person was striving for perfection where it's not really feasible for most people, or even necessary for most jobs. I've tried several times in my career to focus on a skill but because I was able to do many other things, I was asked to by my employer. I rarely say no. My last job was originally supposed to be 'make these products faster' with a focus on the backend, but it turned out the frontend and anything in between the two was as much a part of the problem. Not only did I fix issues on the server, but I re-architected the frontend to a degree, moved all assets to a CDN, significantly improved the js code's tree shaking, code splitting, and lazy loading, tackled minutiae like compressing images better, using a faster and more secure alpine image, and the list goes on. I didn't really want to do that stuff, but I could and it needed to be done. And the reality is that even though I'm not a master of anything I do, no one else at that company had done those things despite having the opportunities (indicating they didn't know how or didn't even know it needed to be done), and the main application I worked on was sped up a ridiculous amount. I remember we had accounts that took an actual honest to dog minute or more to perform an action, and when I was done it did the same thing in a few seconds. It was a game changer. The people I worked with were awesome at what they did, and in a sense I was only standing on their shoulders. But they don't understand the entire stack well enough to connect the dots like I did. So that's where full stackers really shine, I think. Sometimes I think I get too much credit on teams for my contributions because all I do is make sense of things and break it out into tasks that most of the team is already able to do. But I suppose there is real value in bringing the bigger picture together for your team. I suspected bolt invests in them, but I don't see them here: https://bolt.io/portfolio ... Am I mistaken or was it a study of 20 people (two slightly different groups of ten, at that)? I'm deep in that too, right now. My partner badly wanted one last kid, and knowing we were already resource-tight and having no family around, I was very hesitant. Logistically I knew it would be a disaster but I agreed to it. I love the hell out of this kid, but "totally emotionally crushing" is apt. I'm not new to this, but I can only do so much. Working my job, being a stay at home dad, and having to maintain our relationship (plus my relationship with my son and adopted son) is genuinely outside of my ability. But it's what we have to do here. Expensive city, no connections, 3 kids. I know it's stupid to go into it knowing it'll be hard, and I can't complain. I'm not. This is just what it takes, and I went into it knowing it would be temporary. Kids get a lot easier as they get older. A lot of things that are worth it in life take a lot of work. I'll feel better in a few years. At the moment I feel like I'm dying. At any rate, here's to things getting easier. I'm sure our hard work will pay off soon enough. > 1 hr before you have to go to bed and do it all again tomorrow This is very real. Sometimes I sit to do some more work before bed and think wow, I'll finish this... Go to bed... And wake up as early as I can to work some more. Then my son will wake up, and I'll be with him until 6 or so in the evening. While he naps I work more. Rinse and repeat. It's a gauntlet. Things being on pause isn't really a bad thing at all, but it certainly feels bad in the moment. I have two 9 year olds though, and it's true. Eventually they want to read before bed on their own, they want to play on their own during the day, and the pressure is off. There's a lot more time. I also have the luxury that on weekends, during the day my older kids will play with the baby and give me a bit of a break. Sometimes even for an hour or so. It's usually an opportunity to catch up on work, but it's often badly needed and a big relief. Thanks, it's nice to be reminded of these things. I try to remind myself partially to ease my mind, but also to take a moment to appreciate how (perhaps subconsciously) grateful kids really are, as you mention. They do accept us (sometimes to my surprise) and they are loving in return. It's part of the 'glue' at times, holding together the structure amongst the chaos a bit. We all do our part. Kids are good people though, regardless of the daily grind. This is interesting and I hope they find success. I couldn't tell if the data resolution is intended to be better than their posted minimums, but it seems very coarse to me if they're using state of the art multibeam tech. Even so, more information from non-invasive and non-destructive exploration of our oceans is very helpful and welcome. At first I thought they may have intentions of making this data useful for hydrography, but it seems that type of work will remain separate. My partner does hydrographic work for Canada's ENCs (both above and below water), and the sheer scale of their data collection and processing from surveying to QA is just crazy. This project probably can't touch that degree of detail. I believe there are piles of liability involved too (hence the rigorous QA) - if someone sinks their boat using your ENC, it's your problem. > We know the topography of the Moon and Mars in greater detail than that of our own planet. On the surface this might seem strange, but people should understand that charting oceans is seriously demanding work, and they're very, very big. If we could do this more autonomously it would help, but apparently it's not that simple. It involved a lot of people doing both manual and mental labour for a long time. I've witnessed something similar, and I later discovered the person was developing schizophrenia. It seemed like the drugs were setting him on a bad path, but I believe he took them to self medicate in retrospect. I suspect that's fairly common now. He's still very intelligent, but all of his mental resources are wasted on fighting his illness so to speak. To some it might seem like he ruined his brain with drugs but I sincerely doubt the drugs did much damage at all. Should google stadia be a part of this list too? This happens in the ocean, too. There are places around my island which were turned into ecological reserves, and the result for surrounding habitats was incredibly positive. Not only does it help stabilize the ecosystem in the reserve, but it results in overflow for crowded species looking for new habitats, improves feeding opportunities for roaming predators, results in better vegetation growth in the general area, and more. Recreational fishermen still get very upset about it despite how positive it is for fishing in waters that are still open. It seems like a decrease in fishing opportunities, but in reality the reserves function like wells of life for the surrounding ocean to draw upon. I'd love to see even more reserved established. I know it's anecdotal, but I have the most recent MacBook Air and I already get concerning keyboard behaviour like I did with the TouchBar MacBook Pro. I don't have a good feeling about this. Like you, I needed an Apple machine to develop for the App Store. A $2500 computer's keyboard really shouldn't get stuck keys after a month. I'm absolutely crazy about keeping food/drink/any kind of debris away from it after what happened to my MBP (although that wasn't totally preventable anyway). Here's hoping, I guess Location: Victoria, Canada Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: TypeScript/JavaScript, NodeJS, React, Angular, PHP, Symfony 2-4, Slim, Doctrine, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase, Docker, K8s Web: https://steve-adams.me Resume/CV: https://standardresume.co/steveadams LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-adams-b0026426/ Email: steve@steve-adams.me One thing I like about paper and pencil is that I tend to have a better signal to noise ratio in my to-dos and notes. I guess the extra effort to write encourages me to trim the fat. I also can't check my mail from my note pad, so there's that. I worked at a company that used sqlite on a fairly data-intensive app until it had around 2500 paying customers, with something like 600 of those customers being active, heavy users. Scaling and availability started to kneecap our customers left and right so we migrated to postgres. It was a world of difference. When customers had specials and sent piles of traffic to their stores, they'd stay online the whole time. Everyone slept better. As much as I disliked that specific use of sqlite, I learned a ton about how awesome it is and came to really love the software behind it. It was also super impressive that it took the company so far, both in terms of the efforts the devs made and sqlite itself. Part of the appeal of TypeScript is that you could fairly easily migrate a team to it from JavaScript if they're all fairly comfortable and competent with the current JS ecosystem. For most JS devs I've worked with, this wouldn't be true with a language like C# or Kotlin. I'd argue that buying into a more comprehensive language would probably be worth it if everyone was into it, but in my own experience JS devs really, really like JS and have very little interest in learning something better suited to the problem they're solving. This is true outside of software too. People love familiar tools and methods, even if they aren't the best ones. There's also the fact that your team's output will be best based on their enjoyment and engagement. Even if the tooling isn't perfect, they'll probably build better software if they're enjoying it. JS and TS are good enough in most cases to get teams where they need to be. I'm not sure about histamines, but animals accumulate heavy metals in their bones and teeth (including humans). Some lipid-soluble forms of metals will accumulate in fat too, like mercury in tuna or marlin. Unfortunately there's evidence that metals like lead, arsenic, and cadmium are increasingly present in animal feeds. This is especially true in fish feed. Since farmed animals don't typically eat other farmed animals this won't have a biomagnification effect, but it's definitely happening in the wild (hence fish feed made from wild fish being especially contaminated). The bottom line is that if you eat the bones, it'll dramatically increase the possibility of you metabolizing and storing the contaminants in your own body. You'll be fine if you have a bit here and there. I personally believe (with no solid evidence) that this is where pasture-raised animals in most areas will be superior to feedlot livestock from who-knows-where. Heavy metals can be everywhere, but we know that they're increasingly present in feedlots. If the farmer near you has pastures, organic certification, and the cows aren't downstream from a pulp mill or landfill, chances are pretty good that it's worth the extra few dollars per pound. I feel like so many people lamenting jQuery might be remembering the pain and frustration of dealing with the monstrosities people built with the library rather than the library itself. As libraries go I think jQuery's one of the nicer ones I've used. I don't use it now, but it's pretty good software in my books and I'm glad it was there when I needed it. I struggle with this occasionally. My partner is a hydrographer and her job is to create electronic navigation charts for the Western Canadian and Arctic coastline. This involves surveying the waters, studying tides, and generating the charts from all of the data. Sometimes she gets to go for weeks or a month at a time on the surveying boats, or they fly out to check on remote tide stations. The rest of her time is much like ours, just sitting at a desk tapping away at a keyboard or mouse. But 1.5-2 months of her year are booked by her employer to be off surveying. They see whales, go fishing and dive for food in their spare time, visit remote waters in the arctic or BC coast, stay in interesting communities along the coast, and all kinds of neat stuff. Of course it isn't perfect and the ~10 months spent charting is so tedious that it gives me mild discomfort from a distance. I think the value of having quality navigation charts for the ocean is a little known but incredibly important asset to any place in the world though. Vessels travelling safely is the backbone of trade, tourism, fishing, and many kinds of recreation. I suspect there's some satisfaction in that at least. Things like this make me feel very out of touch. I went into Indigo the other day with my kids to use some gift cards from Christmas, with the idea of getting books to take on a short trip. We ended up in what felt like a bizarre home goods, toy store, book store, quasi-junk pile store. There was shit everywhere. My kids needed constant reminders to look for books, not junk. Everything was plastic, cheap, very disposable, and very much intended for conspicuous consumption. Some part of me feels like we've fallen very far if literature, one of the pinnacles of human accomplishments, can only be sold if you can also buy the kind of garbage that's rapidly filling our oceans and landfills as well. There is a bizarre dichotomy between books - the things that can potentially last a lifetime and satisfy countless readers - and the impulsively purchased and remarkably unnecessary items which will be bought and lost or disposed of within a year. I might be overly pessimistic about it. I want my kids to have more wholesome experiences when it comes to the type of media (especially books) they consume. I'll keep taking them to the library the majority of the time, and otherwise, go to local book shops which just sell books. If they still exist. I feel a little bit like Abe Simpson. "I used to be with 'it', but then they changed what 'it' was.". Maybe Indigo is just fine. Anger is such an interesting experience in that (if this study is correct) we tend to actually lose agency while angry, but internally I think we actually believe we have dramatically increased agency in the moment. That's part of what makes anger so dangerous. We're basically at maximum stupid while angry. Do you ever get angry and suddenly feel a loss for words? Difficulty articulating arguments? Resorting to less effective and more hurtful strategies? Regretting it later? Anger, for the most part, is useless in most modern human interactions. I think it's the sort of thing that's good at convincing a brain that horrible acts are justifiable in the moment, such was killing in war or serious altercations. Anger and fear both seem like tools for survival in a world most of us no longer live in. As for the ethical aspect... I've dealt with an ill temper my entire life, although not many people who know me would think so. As a kid I was bullied a lot (both of these are likely direct products of me having ADD), and I used to get in a lot of trouble because my reaction was to let my rage boil over and fight these bullies. The best advice anyone ever gave me (Thanks Mr. McAneny) was that we aren't a tool of our anger, but instead, it's a tool of our creation. We're responsible for what we do with our anger, even if we're not the instigators. Anger typically leads to brutal solutions, both emotionally and physically, and it's so rare that this is necessary or remotely helpful. That really stuck with me. I grew up with so many people telling me to use my anger against the bullies, and I think that reflects our cultural belief (or desire to believe) that our anger is justified, and what we do when we're angry is as well. I believe the truth is that it's almost never the correct response. The adults and peers around me who told me to embrace my anger probably didn't have a good understanding of why they believed that or perpetuated that belief. All that is to say: We should stop believing in our anger so much, and start being responsible for what we do when we're angry. That seems like the most ethical solution. I agree. No emotion or sensation is 'useless', because they all serve to tell us about what's going on inside and around us. I suppose that's the key here. We can listen to anger and fear all day, but we don't have to connect that high-charge wire to whatever machine it's telling us to. It's really important to observe the feelings and not let it get out of control. It's also critical to understand why the feeling came, how it developed, and what it means about ourselves. I think those two parts are often ignored. The same can even be said for attraction which can lead to crazy infatuation, or the desire to relax which can lead to chronically getting nothing done. Mostly these are very positive thoughts and feelings in moderation, so it's also difficult to observe and reconsider in the moment. Fear and anger are very important as well, but the product of both can be devastating when unregulated. This is hard to teach to kids. I have kids, and one of them actually gets angry far too easily - maybe even more than I did as a kid. Trying to explain the idea of being responsible for what his anger leads to feels like a Sisyphean task at times. It's so important to me though to have them understand that ultimately, they decide how they react to what happens to them or around them. And of course the same applies to all those other feelings. People are complicated. > 16MB of RAM would have been laughable in a workstation in 1999 as well For sure - I got my first computer that year. It was a G3 iMac with 64 megs of ram. The salesperson assured me that a mac with 64 megs of ram was like a pc with 128, haha. I chose to believe him because I wanted to believe my purchase was worth it. I guess I was 13 back then, and that thing is still running today. It wasn't a high-end purchase so I assume many computers had more ram than that at the time. It's hard to define "safely" landfilled as well. Many places still leak out toxic leachate into water tables due to a lack of barriers on the landfill. They also severely disrupt large tracts of land. They also vent off tremendous amounts of methane. There isn't much safe about most landfills out there. People thought we couldn't make a dent in the ocean's resources too. My gut tells me there'll always be some sort of catch... I don't disagree, but starting here is still very, very close to the starting line. To me it feels like lazily standing up to begin walking to the starting line, rather than having already left on the race. We're all very far from doing anything remotely meaningful in this endeavour. If I had a project to Show HN and got this much feedback, I would actually be totally stoked. When feedback is mostly positive, you can't tell if people are sugar-coating or flat out lying to you. This stuff is largely very constructive. The main points are: - No one really knows what this is, or what problem it solves - If it's a Make replacement, why not just use Make? - Is this a new syntax or just YML? - The marketing approach seems to miss the mark With that alone they can refine their presentation and message quite a bit. That's quality and honest feedback, even though it might not feel good at first. I love this so much. I'm such a sucker for simple gaming mechanics, and I have some faith that these specific people could make this work. I know devices like this often fail to thrive in the market, but Teenage Engineering has some experience making this sort of single-purpose device work for customers. Panic seems to be very passionate, quality and delivery oriented, and good at doing an exceptional job on familiar products. There might be some potential here. I'd absolutely take my chances on this thing if I could get my hands on one! My kids would love it too. I think you're right that nuclear energy is an excellent solution in many places, but I think it's actually becoming the case that solar and wind are cheaper in the short and long term and much cleaner in the long term. I'd personally like to see all 3 used in conjunction. Nuclear is very stable, but wind and sun are highly variable. Interesting; your meat consumption data seems to contradict what BBC's article on meat consumption in India seems to imply. It makes it out as though Indians are eating a lot of meat. Perhaps it's simply that a lot of Indians do eat meat, but not very much of it (relative to North Americans for example). https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-43581122 The verbage is 'use or promote'. The US Army literally blew up civilians with bombs for years after 2001. I see why they'd be excluded from this rule. And I don't really care to put my opinion forward here. Perhaps other verbage in their TOS excludes entities like the US Army. Perhaps you're just most comfortable with react and vue seeming inferior is only a product of that. Both are great at what they do and allow people to be very productive. I personally like both and don't agree that vue only copies react. I definitely prefer how react manages state and redrawing, but both approaches have merits. As always, pick what suits the problem you need to solve. Absolutely. I was only pointing out the use rather than promotion because there was an 'or' between the two. I can't prove promotion of violence, but I didn't think I needed to. It's mostly interesting to me to consider what the rules actually mean, and why they're there. It's clearly not intended for entities like the US Army, but why? Why leave the TOS so vague on an important topic? I guess it's just a blanket to cover any appearance of condoning terrorism on their platform. I also grew up eating crazy amounts of meat here in Canada. I'm steadily moving towards a vegetarian (though with some fish and other sea life I harvest) diet despite still absolutely loving meat. I just can't justify it anymore. To me (and I know others don't need to feel the same way) it's practically immoral to eat in a way that wouldn't be sustainable if everyone else did. It's incredible to be born in a place and time where I can afford dry aged sirloin, fresh bacon, roast chicken, or smoked duck breast with my meals... But to partake in it is a serious disservice to everyone else in the world, however minute that disservice may seem at the global scale. Having kids robbed me of the selfishness I required to isolate myself from the externalities of my lifestyle. To be honest, some days I wish I still didn't worry about it. Eating lots of soy is not a requirement of a diet without red meat. Cattle can eat grass, but most of them in North America eat very little grass. They eat a lot of grain that is intensively farmed. That feed farming has a significant impact on the environment through regular agriculture practices. By growing food for humans instead, the impact would be reduced simply because not as much crop is needed. Red meat does have a good nutrition profile, but a balanced vegetable focused diet does too. People underestimate how much protein and fat can be had from plants. I'm not sure why you think people won't do this if they stop eating red meat. Why isn't that realistic? I speak as someone who absolutely loves meat and thought much like you do recently. Life without, or with much less meat is fine. I've come to realize I largely eat it out of convenience and comfort. Honestly, I can't. It makes me feel bad for doing that to others and also for what the world might become for my kids. I wish I was kidding. This sort of thing has kept me up at night. I see where you're coming from and I largely agree. In fact if we do go hunting, we will eat meat. Obviously if everyone near me was hunting for meat, the forest would be emptied in no time. But they don't, so the impact is still less than buying beef for example so I think that's acceptable. I also hunt for fish and crustaceans when I dive, which wouldn't be sustainable if everyone else did. I suppose my desire is partially to exit a commercial food system that I know is unsustainable. That system doesn't look like it will become sustainable any time soon, and I don't want to vote for it with my dollars and contribute to the issue with each meal. I also don't necessarily do it to feel good. It feels bad at times, otherwise neutral. It feels like doing too little. There's no warm fuzzy feeling from half measures like this. I wish I could do more, but I struggle to figure out how. I've read all of your comments now and I did miss your position on this. Sorry about that. That's not really fair still because it's about OS fragmentation, not hardware. Whether Google or Apple has full control is beside the point, isn't it? I find it fascinating that at the time, a holistic diet-based solution was considered flakey and rooted in ignorant traditions. And yet here we are almost 200 years later and many common illnesses are still closely related to diet, and many still feel as though treatment through diet is flakey or inferior to modern drugs or surgery. It turns out one of the best things we can do for ourselves is eat well and strive to prevent disease before it occurs. If I recall correctly, this is a core tenant of many traditional medicines including traditional Chinese medicine. I'm not saying we should all start practicing traditional medicine. I just find it fascinating that we have and still often discount traditional knowledge, even after it's been virtually proven for milennia. It's like we throw out the baby with the bathwater. I hope modern science can find more concrete conclusions around health and diet such that more people might have faith in food as a preventative medicine. To many of us it seems obvious, but to much of the world I suspect it isn't... Just like it wasn't in the Japanese Navy. To make matters worse, varying gut biomes and environments tend to yield different nutritional requirements. Amongst other things. I'm not sure we'll ever nail that down. Again though, traditional medicines were aware of this and it was typically recognized that diet was specific to an individual and their environment. There were (and still are) complex systems outlining how foods may affect different people and what it could mean. Still, I'm not claiming anything here other than that it's interesting and worth considering. I take advil when my head hurts and I go to the hospital when I'm sick, and I'm not going to start treating cancer with fungus from my back yard. I just suspect there's a lot of useful knowledge in this tradition. I agree, I love profiling JS in Chrome. I'd switch to FF or Safari in an instant if they compared. Last time I checked, they were both nowhere near as easy or productive to use. The other day I had to shut down a chrome tab that was utilizing 1.5 gigs of ram though. That's crazy. There's definitely no perfect browser. There's not much in this world I find more fascinating than sea life. I spend hours at a time free diving and looking at the same stuff, occasionally something new, and it's endless intrigue. When I find something special it makes my week. Finding species like this in person would totally make my year! So cool. I love stacking terminals in a vertical monitor. I usually keep some code in tall columns as well if the project has longer files. It's great when it suits what you're doing, but I had my doubts like you as well. FRP and MVC seem like different types of patterns to me. Functional reactive is about how you manage state and flow while MVC is largely about separation of concerns. In my (possibly poor) understanding, you could actually use them together. I'm interested in your take on that though. I'm self taught and I've got some weird ideas about things. Huh, that's actually a great way to do type inference. Swift seems like an excellent language. Same, for me it was them and Apollo. I can't find anything about either of them in my mail, but both claim to have notified their customers. That's very suspicious. I don't delete anything... Perhaps it found its way into my spam and got auto-deleted (entirely possible with Apollo, seems very unlikely with MFP). This happened to my mom when she had breast cancer. I wonder if this is a normal progression with that type of cancer? I have no idea why they did it, but they did do an autopsy when she died and her doctor basically said she was riddled with tumours throughout her entire body (she lived 7 years with cancer after diagnosis, who knows how long before). When I saw these images that's immediately what I thought of. It's very unsettling. For what it's worth, we currently externalize those 100s per year into the commons, which is where this tragedy came from. We need to start paying real prices for living instead of building up a debt of damage to the earth. If that means more subsidies to those in need, great. I'll pay more in taxes _and_ inflated living costs if it means the cost of living is more realistic. I'll gladly forgo so many conveniences in life if it means systemic changes which reduce pressure on the planet. The reality is that food, energy, and many other natural resources should cost far more than they do. The primary way they've become more affordable is through externalizing costs and it's been a huge mistake. This entire launch feels like what you've described. Things like these tool tips are absolutely killing me: https://cl.ly/365a42db2db9 It feels rough on the edges. Food science isn't a linear process based on the evolutionary complexity of the organisms we eat. Arguably cows have been impacted by as much evolution as any organism. It's not as though cows spontaneously generated 100M years ago - there were hundreds of millions of years leading up to cows becoming what we recognize today. I imagine it's similar to dry aging beef. With the right temperature and humidity, you support only bacteria that are safe to eat and you end up with a dry protective exterior before long which allows the fish to begin safely fermenting. You can do this with a surprising number of things. The trick is to have the correct initial conditions which prevents the proliferation of counterproductive bacteria. They also dip the fish in a brine to promote the right bacteria and prevent others from taking hold. As for insects, it's likely that it's too cold outside (I think the article mentioned that it's kept outside in cool weather). Once it's done doing the cool weather thing it goes inside. I'm with you. It occurred to me that what I love about things like react or vue has nothing to do with SPA capabilities. It's just developer ease in building reusable, composable, testable components. I've had similar experiences with scaling too early into microservices for example. I need a seriously compelling reason to consider building around these paradigms now. The overhead is unreal. Both great ways to solve a problem, but not really a problem I've yet encountered - ever. I'm still glad I've had great opportunities to learn this, at least. I don't have many suggestions, but I think it's great that you're making an effort to make this work for your coworker. I can tell this would be a challenge. Getting people going with merge requests can be hard even with good vision. Is it possible for this person to do merge requests with another person present, like pair programming? It might seem counterproductive, but more eyes on the code can't hurt and it'll hopefully fill any accessibility gaps until this person finds better tooling to solve this problem. I like this a lot. I think it's on point and worth remembering. The more you let the busyness and stress take hold, the deeper that hole you're digging gets... That's a tough thing. Imagine someone was telling you that you had to change your career because people decided it's no good. What will you do? Put your life on hold and go retrain for something you never intended to train for? Possibly (probably) earn less? Potentially need to move for work? It's complicated. I think it needs to happen. The US and Canada both spend major subsidies on oil and gas, and that money would do wonders in supporting and retraining these works. However, we'd need a very good plan and very good acceptance of it amongst the work force and tax payers. This would all be incredibly expensive. People would resent the retraining because it would cost tax payers to benefit a small subset of people, while less oil production equals higher prices for... Everything. People would be very upset, both workers and citizens. It's going to be so hard to get people on the same page. I hope the disasters that push us to act aren't too awful. It's much the same here in BC, Canada. Mines, forestry, fishing - different resource extraction jobs have fluctuated enormously over the last century and we effectively have ghost towns all over. Some places look absolutely dead and you wonder why anyone lives there. At one point, most of them were booming. The gold rush was probably the original boom, and from there many others stemmed. Forestry is probably the most tragic, long-tailed bust in this province though. I just discovered this, only it was called 'property based testing'. Do you recommend any resources for learning to use it effectively? I haven't dug in yet, but so far it hasn't clicked when thinking about it. I like the idea a lot, but I guess I don't see where it would be most useful for my own code. What are the implications of this? What could go wrong outside of runtime errors? When I've used this pattern in the past I've used a reusable 'getter' object which implements `hasOwnProperty` on itself for the sake of being sure I'm getting only the stuff I want. But it's not quite as concise as what's shown in the example, apart from getting the default internally rather than externally using ||. I didn't do this for security though, I did it for sanity - I don't want to get false positives when accessing, and the prototype has a ton of properties. A wonderful thing about TypeScript is that if you decide you don't like it or need it, you still have recognizable and refactorable JavaScript. On the other hand, if you have a ton of relational data and get excited about the latest nosql DB, you're going to have a hell of a time unravelling that mess. If everyone is using a bidder like this, isn't it essentially like a blind auction? This is anecdotal and people should be extremely cautious if they have RC injuries. Talk to a pro, look into proper exercise progressions, and start with baby steps even if you feel strong enough not to. But: My right shoulder was a piece of trash for over 5 years. I couldn't use my trackpad or mouse some days at work because it became incredibly hot and excruciating. I couldn't throw rocks at the beach, ride my bike as far as I wanted, drive in comfort, you name it. Just standing could be incredibly painful if my shoulder needed rest. You don't know how awesome shoulders are until they stop working. One day I decided to try the exercise route after avoiding it for a very long time. I did because someone shared an anecdote of exercise helping on reddit. I started a pull up progression using elastic straps to assist at first. I did push ups from my knees. I started doing stretches in door ways and on a big inflatable ball. I rolled myself on a lacrosse ball like the cross fitters do. If it fixes them it'll fix anything, right? Within a year I was 'cured'. I was doing pull ups with a 45lb plate strapped to my body and push ups with the same plate resting on my back. I began weight lifting fairly seriously and made it up to a 400lb deadlift by the second year. My shoulder was a limiter in my first year, but once I took up yoga as well it never bothered me again. Now, having said that, this all took a lot of time, energy, and will power. It's not easy and it's not a silver bullet. Your body will strengthen though and you can overcome biomechanical issues by working the system carefully, methodically, consistently, and with good sleep and nutrition. But again, don't jump into it and don't expect it to be easy. My experience was positive in the end, but it's a total dog along the way. If you have the money, find a trainer who understands injuries and recovery. Get on a program and commit. The best thing you can do for your body is use it. But never go too hard, and go as slow as you can handle at first. You can make it so much worse in one little moment of overdoing it. Hopefully someone is motivated by my anecdote because someone sharing theirs on reddit ten years ago really did change my life. It can be hard to imagine for some of us, but sometimes those bottom rung progressions are essential. Injuries can set you so far away from 'barely acceptable' levels of strength that you end up doing wall pushups for weeks before you can consider doing them from your knees. So absolutely, if that's where you're at, it's a pushup exercise. > But I think finding a trainer that understands therapy/recovery and that things need to go slow is..... let me say "difficult". You're totally right, and I think finding that certain someone actually requires a lot of specialized knowledge to know what you're getting into. Failing that, very good references from people with past injuries. There are a lot of people out there who'll tell you they're professionals, but have never opened up a kinesiology text book or worked through a significant injury themselves. Hopefully having someone at all would be better than going it alone, if only for the external motivation... But going slow is paramount, and if they want to make your recovery happen fast, it should probably be a deal breaker. That's a tough one. I think sometimes some of these can be great strategies for relieving your mind from more difficult tasks. For me documenting or writing tests isn't a real mental break, but it sometimes feels like one if I've been hacking away at a tough problem for 4 hours. It isn't complete relief like going for a walk but it can be a better use of your time. I found working in labour jobs the same. Say you're packing sacks of cement up a hill for 2 hours to a lot with bad access, and you're burnt out. You've got another 2 hours of hauling sacks to go, or you could take a break and paint some siding. If you push through the cement job you're going to be really burnt out today and probably tomorrow too, and if you paint the siding, you'll recover a little and feel way better today and tomorrow. Work will still get done though. If the job is urgent and taking a walk isn't really an option, painting the siding is your best bet. We can't manufacture the sand we need (yet).