Ok, others have tried a little bit of the math, but this is a difficult form for that. So here is a very intuitive (i.e. hand-wavy) way to think about the type of relationships we are talking about. Suppose you have a (finite) cloud of points in three dimensions. For example, a bunch of GPS measurements. Lets just imagine that they are roughly elliptical, stretched out like a football. For simplicity we'll subtract the mean from this, so our co-ordinates come from the middle of this cloud. I can take this set of (x,y,z) points and and find the eigen (which means "characteristic") vectors and values for this set of points. The first eigenvector will point along the long axis of the "football" (right through the pointy bits) because this is the strongest, in some sense, single direction that is represented. It won't be perfectly aligned with a finite number of points... The second and third eigenvectors will between them form a plane perpendicular to this. So essentially what you've done is found a co-ordinate system that is aligned with the data (modulo some details, this is essentially what a procedure called Principal Component Analysis (PCA) does. Now that's the vectors, what about the values? The eigenvalues tell you the relative importance of each direction. If you stretch the "football" out, the first eigenvalue, which was associated with the first eigenvector pointing along the long axis, will be larger relative to the others. If you use a basketball, they'll all be the same magnitude. Does that help? The idea generalizes a lot from what I've told you, but there are a ton of places you can look up the details if you'd like. > That's NOT healthy at all This statement assumes facts not in evidence. There is a lot of argument about what the best distributions are, without any real resolution at this point. The author reasonable chose to target a standard without claiming it was the only way to go. This is what "no real resolution yet" means: every few years we get a pet theory or two. The reason this so easily devolves into a `religious` argument scenario is because the basic science is still too weak. The author did the right thing to stay well shut of all that in this article. It seems that often articles like this overstate their case to the point that it really detracts from the message. There is a valid point, that a naive analysis of linked list vs. static array based on intro CS course descriptions of their properties isn't a good model for what is going on in a modern system. The real lesson is: if you want to achieve high performance you simply must understand the impact of things like cache localization, vectorization, hardware prefetch, pipelining etc., and how your data structure operation will interact with them. "Never use a linked list" is a silly lesson to take from this though. "In these situations, linked lists might not perform as well as you expect" is more like it. "Use the right data structure for the job" is still as good advice as it ever was. Going into a Ph.D for the money is a bit like going into a sport for the laughs. You might well find some, but it's not the point. Synaptive Medical - Full time in Toronto. Newly formed Medical device start up in Toronto, young and growing quickly. We're building equipment and applications for neurosurgical procedures. It's a great group of engineers with a lot of energy and applications we all believe in. Current looking for people in many roles, such as: - Software development - Software test - Scientific software development - Embedded systems - Mechatronics - Optomechanical - Systems - User interface Highly relevant areas of experience for various roles: - Medical device industry - Medical imaging - MRI and MRI physics - Spectroscopy and endoscopy - Data converters (ADC/DAC) - FPGA - High performance interconnects - Realtime systems - Data streaming - Signal processing (image and/or video) - Neuroanatomy - Surgical suite equipment - Standards: ISO 13485, IEC 60601, ISO 14971, IEC 62304 Posting and application details at: synaptivemedical.com (or contact me: simon at the same domain.) I think the efficiency of these sensors is quite good, latest generation full frame camera sensor operate well at lower ligh t than you can see in, for example. Fitting more of them into tiny arrays and maintaining exposed surface is more of a problem, and noise properties could be better. At the end of the day though, there are limits to what can ever be achieved with tiny sensors like we currently see in most cel phones; you can pack things in more tightly but you can't avoid the optical physics. This property is quite intuitive. Small and big here are relative to the variance of the underlying distributions. Simple case: think about trying to decide if as normal distribution has mean 0 or mean 1. If the std dev is 0.001, it won't take you very many samples to be fairly confident to this resolution, but of the deviation is 1000, you'll need a lot of samples. Similarly if the std deviation is only 1, but you are trying to decide if the mean is 0 or 0.001, Far more samples needed. The intuition generalizes quite well. In the OP case, typically requires sample size estimates will be proportional to the square of the ratio between the size you want to measure and a deviation estimate. The article does mention this, at the end of the correlation paragraph. How does this project relate to crossroads IO, if at all? I don't think that's quite right, if I understand correctly you could have the interpreter so long as there was no download and run of external code. I'm sure I've seen a Lua environment like this. Not in my experience. I've worked both as a research mathematician and as a programmer working on production software. Even applied to the "same" types of problems, I've found them to be very different in day to day activities, goals, incentives ... really they are quite far apart. To expand a bit on what Shinkei has said, and mostly this applies outside the brain as well: CT is basically xrays in the round. You'll nominally use a radon transform (the actual approach is usually a back projection algorithm) to reproduce 3D position from a number of individual images. There are many good properties of this, it is relatively fast and cheap, it has very good spatial accuracy (e.g. a distance you measure on the image corresponds to a distance in the subject), but you have very little flexibility with tissue contrast. If an x-ray won't differentiate the features you are looking for, mostly you can only hope to add a contrast agent (typically expensive, fiddly, and more dose) where that is applicable. By comparison, an MRI is more of a programmable imaging machine. You can get a lot of different contrasts by use of different pulse sequences, so you may be able to see features that are completely invisible in CT. On top of that, you can do interesting things with the time dimension and how things are changing while you image. This leads to approaches like functional MRI mapping which most people have heard of, but also diffusion and perfusion imaging. This can give you an idea of what is happening functionally, particularly in the brain. Downsides: time consuming (hence expensive), poor spatial accuracy, artifacts. So for diagnostics or surgical planning, you get a lot more information from an MRI, but this also can take a lot more effort to interpret and understand. also useful - 3D slicer: http://www.slicer.org/ This is a cross platform viewer that is fairly capable (although very limited in 3D) and has some dicom communication capability. That is highly improbable. This action is a core function of what the FDA does. (expanding a little on nknighthb's comments): The primary path to approval to market for a new device or drug is the PMA (pre market approval). This is fairly extensive an costly for the company (e.g. clinical trials). A 510(k) filing allows you to take a short cut by identifying a "predicate device" that is "substantially equivalent". In other words you are saying "we do the same as X but we [also do Y/do this differently/etc.]". At least, you are claiming this for the scope of your "indications for use" (which are the only uses you can market your device for). This doesn't let you off the hook entirely at all. You still need to demonstrate safety and efficacy, perform risk analysis, follow standard manufacturing and product development methodologies (e.g. ISO13485, IEC60601, etc. ), but it is a lot faster and less involved than a PMA. If you don't use one of these accelerated paths, you'll need a PMA before you can market your product in the US. The key issue here is that 23andme has filed one or more 510(k)'s, but have failed to support them properly. For what little it's worth am somewhat surprised at the naive misrepresentation shown by many here of what the FDA does, how they do it, and what they are actually expressing in this case. That's not true. The FDA position is unchanged. They have been in talks since 2009 to help 23andme understand what they need to file, and how to do it. 23andme has (repeatedly, it sounds like) failed to do that. This notice is a standard corrective action taken by the FDA after failure to complete 510(k) submissions. But is it so similar? There aren't many (any?) real world problems that you can apply economic theory to and get incontrovertible answers to. Studying mathematics can get you there at least some of the time. I agree it is very important to understand something about (beyond introductory) various approaches to economics if you want to understand how key people involved were thinking about these problems. Here the use of the methods are more important that their accuracy or precision. For that matter, understanding politics (something neither maths or economic thinking does well) is probably much more important to your stated examples. Generally speaking, yes you do have to do this but there is a waiver for smaller amounts (such as typically would be encountered during a vacation). Often in the crypto world, these are exactly the good intentions with which the road to hell(pwnage?) is paved. Knowing this, I hope you can appreciate why the burden of proof on your unproven team and approach is fairly high. The author is fairly obviously suffering from selection bias when claiming that "Lisp programmers tend to be ignorant of applied mathematics." In the past I've been part of the overlapping communities to some degree, and that wasn't my experience at all. I really don't understand this sort of response. The right way to understand the behaviour of computations on a real machine is inherently mathematical. This is why, for example, we have an entire discipline of numerical analysis, just for starters. Programmers very commonly make elementary mistakes in computation precisely because they don't understand this, and don't approach the problems mathematically. Ignoring overflow, or pretending floats have infinite precision is antithetical to thinking about these problems mathematically. Conversely, any mathematician worth their salt will approach computation on a computer not as a black box, but as a concrete implementation. Mathematicians make lots of programming errors (some of them quite egregious and easily avoidable). Misunderstanding floating point representations or the overflow behaviour don't tend to be among them in my experience. By the way: Knuth used a hypothetical machine to avoid the quirks of a concrete one distracting from the discussion. A more important and often overlooked adage - make it correct before you try to make it fast. My confusion at your (and others, not meaning to pick on this one) response is more fundamental than that. There is no way in which thinking about these things is somehow divorced from thinking about things mathematically. To me "Merely depending on a mathematical model" isn't a problem that actually happens much. Failing to think about these things, on the other hand, very much is. Are EMC/RSA denying that they took money from the NSA? That alone seems damning, since I can't think of any way that the existence of such a contract for any stated purpose doesn't undermine the credibility of the company fatally. Sure, it's exactly the sort of request you would expect. It's also exactly the sort of request you need to stay well shut of if you want credibility as a crypto provider to business and consumers. Any interactions with agencies like the NSA taint you, regardless of the intent. By their very nature they are suspect in this context. Better late than never, I suppose. Assuming this is a legit leak. You don't have to assume the NSA is evil to understand that its mandate means you can never trust their incentives in something like this. You don't have to have any bad guys to have conflicts in purpose and incentive, and this has clearly been true for the entire existence of such interactions. This is the real reason. CM works pretty well right out of the box (and by default, so if you don't care that's what you get) for mathematics, very few fonts do and most of those are expensive. What people seem to forget is what a terrible, terrible state of affairs it was that drove Knuth to spend 10 years or whatever on this stuff. Prior to that the options universally sucked. Even now there really aren't many viable alternatives for typesetting mathematics, and TeX/LaTeX is by far the best of them. But it only comes with one (or two if you count Euler) with full symbol support. The main problem isn't supporting other text fonts (including TTF), but the fact that those fonts don't properly support the symbols. So all in all it's a bit of a nasty aesthetic trade-off. There are several packages that attempt to create symbol sets to match things like palatino, with varying success. Some are just terrible. And there are a few commercially available ones that do support most if not all symbols, so if it's worth a few hundred dollars to you there is that route. Nothing has great solution for web, really. We're slowing moving from execrable to ugly but at least it is progress. I think you may have hit on the crux of it. If any stronger repudiation were offered, would that be the government opening itself up to 25000 expensive lawsuits? JPEG isn't crude, agreed. But your comments seem off to me. The core trick isn't DCT per se, it is transform coding, Which both DCY and wavelets are, followed by (usually) quantization and then entropy coding. Typical wavelets used are orthonormal transforms, no loss there. The "lack of texture and softened edges" are a choice of the model used, not a consequence of the transform. True also of DCT and blocking artifacts. This should be obvious since both approaches allow for lossless encoders. Typically wavelets will beat or match JPEG in any situation both in terms of psnr and the like, and perceptually (though this latter is much more controversial and poorly defined -- and to be fair I am not up to date on the literature here but I would be surprised of that has changed in the last decade). The real reason for the huge popularity of DCT in still compression at first and video codecs later is that it is cheap to implement in hardware. And once there becomes very cheap to use. JPEG 2000 is needlessly complex, at its core a wavelet codec is also very simple and elegant. The real (and all to common to run into ) problem isn't having 100x the samples you really need, it is having 1/10 the samples you really need... And not knowing that. That's not quite right either. It's more like: "You will have the opportunity to work hard (at something that people value) and become successful." It's the first part that's the kicker, and contentious here. Having lived and worked in the health care industry in both countries, I'll have to respectively disagree. I can see how your personal experience must be very frustrating, and I'm not attempting to belittle that. However on the whole the Canadian system is better at delivering the health care that is needed. Overall, it works better for more people, more of the time, and much more efficiently (i.e. cost effectively). The latter point means that sometimes people with non-critical issues have to wait -- usually not very long notwithstanding the stories people sometimes focus on (the dramatic failure modes of the US system are much, much worse). That being said, if you a) have the right insurance, b) live in the right state, c) have money, and d) live in the right part (typically urban) of the state -- you can get very good care very quickly in the US. Unfortunately that leaves out an awful lot of people. Weren't Senn momentums available at that time? People have already pointed out the specific problems with this approach so I won't repeat them. It's worth reiterating, though: If you are writing c++ these days and find yourself reaching for a preprocessor macro, I think that's a good sign you should think really carefully about what you are actually trying to do. Chances are really good there is a (much) better way. Are you sure of those numbers? Sources I've seen has the area of Canada larger than that of the US, and US close to that of China. Russia is significantly bigger, as you note. This may have been how you were taught, and that's unfortunate. It is not, however, "how mathematics is taught". I assume you mean the "reduction" process. The "redaction" process is an important part of the scientific process! I know you were being sarcastic, but I think you are also being a bit unfair. Publication is necessary these days at perhaps an unfortunate rate, I agree. However at least most research mathematicians publish largely to share ideas. After all, that's the best part of the job. Certainly this is true of the vast majority of them in my experience, and the ones weren't motivated by this tended to be very focused on teaching and very good at it. "and it pretty much just boils down to intuitive addition, multiplication, and division." Or does it? After all, probability is one of the very first mathematical tools to be divised, but a rigorous theoretical underpinning for probability and statistics had to wait until measure theory, millenia later. And this was not for want of trying. Part of what makes things "boil down" to the simple and intuitive is years of hard work. Reading Newtons original work on the calculus is painful and convoluted, it took many hands to polish it to the point you might have seen it in. If we've done our jobs well as mathematicians, eventually the essence of an idea will be easy to understand an apply. If you really want to understand it though, you may have to dig into some much deeper work. And often, as with many thing is in mathematics, human intuition will just tend to be wrong about it (e.g. the Monty Hall problem). FYI: "unsolicited" probably isn't the word you meant to use there (perhaps "unsupported"). This is literally unsolicited advice. Ah, yes, it is plausible that I was being too literal minded and it was merely grammatically awkward with a different intent. I usually wouldn't comment but I think many here are not native English speakers (so might appreciate it), but more telling the setup appealed to my sleep deprived brain. Always perilous, amusing yourself. Can you elaborate why this "sucked hard"? Hiring your boss can be a lot better than just being handed one, after all. It sounds like the company was growing quickly and running into organizational issues because of it, makes sense they might be looking to hire some people with more experience than any 25 is likely to be able to offer. Or did you mean you were hoping for a Valve style structure, and they weren't going there? It could have been a mistake on their part, but actual "parasitism" is pretty rare in practice. It's a shame if you haven't experienced good technical management yet. It is typical for a company to outgrow its early hires capability to manage that growth well; approx 50 people is a fundamental transition for most. This is difficult, often painful, and is likely to go more smoothly by adding relevant experience and maturity to the team. When the dust settles it's a different company and, if done well, capable of much more than it was. Isn't that easily avoided though? Surely you could protect existing franchises or franchise regions without constraining a manufacturers ability to sell without franchise, or in regions where no franchisee exists. They aren't comparable products, that is sort of the point. The idea is that until Tesla shipped the model S, there was a "gap" in the market offerings, but the closest thing to that gap was the Prius. So people bought Prius, but as soon as a better (for them) option was available they jumped ship. In a much larger and more destructive way, this is what happened to RIM. The blackberry had many users who, given the option, actually wanted something else in a smartphone and happily left RIM for alternatives as soon as they existed. There is an important lesson in this for all businesses. It is dangerous to assume a customer is "yours" if the real issue is that the market isn't meeting their needs very well. In this case someone else can acquire a huge number of "your" customers in a very short time.... Of course the real problem there isn't that everyone looked at the (roughly iphone shaped) hole in the market and said to themselves "eh, that won't really be a problem"; the real problem is that this existed in a blind spot, or its practicality was underestimated. I think this is extremely likely for you. It may be partially due to my training as a researcher keeping my eyes open to it, but it is a pretty rare month that goes by where I don't run into an interesting problem I could easily spend a year or two working productively on. Many of them don't come out of my current work or even during my work time. The idea of running out of "good ideas" is unfathomable to me, honestly. Running out of time is very easy to imagine, though. The "wisdom of crowds" part of the title is a bit unfortunate. While there can be systemic problems with that type of approach, this does not really demonstrate them. What is demonstrated is when you give the students an algorithm for a biased estimator, the estimate they get is biased. This is good; empirical demonstration is useful... but it isn't the wisdom/unwisdom of crowds, really. edit: good responses! Unfortunately I don't have enough time right now to properly clarify how/why I'm looking at it this way. But that misses the whole point of why the "wisdom of crowds" actually works when it does. To wit; the individual biases and estimation errors can tend to cancel out. This is exactly the opposite of the demonstration, which is a systemic, biased estimator. No, I didn't miss that. It the lack of "crowd" that is the problem. There is no crowd, really, there are a bunch of people performing a sampling algorithm. But crowds don't work that way. This is a perfectly good demonstration of bias in statistical estimators. It just doesn't have anything to do with crowds, their wisdom, or their unwisdom. re your edit: yes it was the latter interpretation that I had a problem with. The "group of sweets" == "crowd" doesn't really work for me, but I'll have to think about why. But they shouldn't all be doing the "same" thing! Ok, I think the simple version of this is: You are basically constructing a situation where the dominant bias is the same for all of the measurements (e.g. pairs of students). So you have a problem with your method of sampling being biased in a predictable way. So far, so good and this is an interesting lesson. But they are all using the same estimation method from this biased information, and they are all (by construction) creating the same bias, and that is very much not crowd-like behavior. Applying this as an example of the problem with "wisdom of crowds" seems to really miss the point to me, because you created a situation where they didn't behave like a crowd. No, fp (IEEE-745) + and * are both commutative. They aren't associative or distributive in general. It's hardly a new approach - people have tried this sort of thing for decades. I don't know of any significant adoption analysis, but it pops up as an idea fairly regularly. edit: There is some confusion; this was a response to parents "More importantly, this opens it up a new approach that can be used in lots of places.", not to the article. It doesn't really open anything up. I think it was a fine school project, fwiw. Yeah, but he was just that good. Looks like Zidisha is taking a page from the payday loan folks playbook, not exactly a desirable role model. I think you are right that things will improve, but for exactly the wrong reason. Truly efficient markets are the toy problems of economic modeling, not typically achievable in real problem domains. Perhaps counter intuitively, I think we will gain efficiency by getting better at modeling the inefficiencies... but the end result of this is no more a "pure" (in your sense) market than a modern particle model consists of Aristotelian atoms. I didn't mean that they were the same thing at all; the "page" they are borrowing is the hiding of fees and service charges behind the bold text of a "low rate". Your example is fine, by the way. Yes, that $50 is costing you 500% APR. And yes, that is exactly how you should think about it, and how they should advertise it. Anything else is problematic. It doesn't matter how the cost is arrived at, this is the cost to you of borrowing that money, and it is this entire cost that must be balanced against the value you will see from it, not any nominal rate. There is absolutely nothing wrong with doing the sort of loan they are talking about, and the costs may be perfectly reasonable too; certainly microlending is a different risk landscape that typical bank loans. However, the only ethical way to handle financial details like this is to always be as transparent as you can. Lots of sectors get this wrong, by the way -- payday loans are particularly egregious but the auto finance industry is pretty slimy on this too, in different ways. By the way, payday loans as an institution obviously meet a lot of market need that wasn't being addressed before them, or they wouldn't have popped up everywhere. I don't think they should be run out of town, but they should be honest about the costs. And that's why in the latter case, an early stage startup may not be for you. You join later, with a higher salary, when it has stabilized and looks to be going somewhere. And without the risk, you don't expect the equity to offset it. Pretty simple, really. Recent usage seems to be more "it's un-American" == "you are doing something I don't like" The author confounds (fixed points of) iterated function systems with fractal geometry. Always unfortunate when introductory discussions confuse the reader. Nothing is a panacea. Regulation can encourage better engineering practices, and that can certainly make for better software. The existence of false positives doesn't mean the whole exercise is pointless. In analysis, people generally mean Lebesgue integrable unless otherwise specified. Agree that you have to actually be committed to improving the quality, you can't paper over holes in this and expect good results. If there is genuine disinterest at the management level in making better quality software for whatever reasons, you're probably screwed regardless of what you try. You can lead a horse to water... Good engineering practice: you have an untried technology operating in a complicated environment and in-house testing can only get you so far. Looking at this "in the wild" in a constrained way where you control most of the variables is an obvious next step. That is far to narrow: metadata is literally "data about data", be it structural or descriptive. It's also worth remembering that this is not categorical, particularly for descriptive metadata. In one context a piece of information may be metadata, in another data. "So what do we call the feminists who ..." A parody. That one's easy. addendum: this was teasing and perhaps a bit snarky, but there is no rational analysis in which the parents characterization is typical of feminist practice or rhetoric. Which is a very different thing from finding someone who claims the label "feminist" and espouses these views or any other. This sort of characterization by outliers and strawmen (women?) is ridiculous, but also damaging to the possibility of reasonable discussion. Shame on you for engaging in it. That said, it was silly of me to engage in this sort of discussion here, it's not likely to go anywhere useful. I should probably just delete this and be done with it. One of his main points is about specific statistical codes being done properly. In other words, yes, it will be hard to solve in Clojure. It was hard to solve in other lisps, it was hard to solve in fortran, and it will be hard to solve in any other language you pick... unless someone else has already done the heavy lifting. This isn't the sort of thing you whip up in any language, good numerical analysis libraries are typically often decades of work by people with specialized backgrounds. Interesing. I'm not familiar with how much of the R library is implemented in R, I expect some of it is tried and tested fortran because it's a waste of time to reimplement. My comment was really addressing "it won't be hard to solve in Clojure.". Some things are just hard to get right, period. That makes sense. This is the real kicker for some applications. After all, Knuth didn't write TeX because he needed a typography solution, he wrote it because he needed a typography solution for mathematics. All these years later, and TeX (with or without LaTeX) is far and away the best solution I know of. As for the mass market: Word's typesetting of mathematics is terrible, as is the interface (for anything but the simplest expressions). MathML is an interesting idea, but has a long way to go on the actual typesetting, as well as being much more painful to use than LaTeX... Matthew: interesting project, thank you for releasing it. I've always thought lisps were a natural fit for this sort of thing; the cl-typesetting project ( http://www.fractalconcept.com/asp/cl-typesetting ) didn't get a lot of traction but was pretty effective, are/were you aware of that one? Any intention to tackle higher quality typesetting for hardcopy/pdf ? True. When last I looked it wasn't quite competitive with TeX but still pretty good compared to, say Word. But it is also a niche system. knitr does this reasonably well for letting you drop LaTeX directly into R reports with a delimiter... if you haven't seen that might be worth a look at the interface in some examples (e.g. http://yihui.name/knitr/demo/showcase/ ) Q: How can you tell there is an topologist in the cafeteria? A: Because they can't tell their coffee cup and donut apart. Fundamentally they both have only one hole through them, so under the right sort of deformations you can turn one shape into the other: They have the same topology. RapidMind was in Waterloo, not Toronto, and purchased several years ago now. aperco perhaps is referring to this one http://www.newswire.ca/en/story/722543/intel-corporation-acq... It can't be that simple though. In general rent-seeking can be very lucrative, as can be positioning yourself between a good/service what funds it. Example: American physicians are not generally more effective than French physicians, but they are vastly better paid. Far more so than can be explained by any linear relationship like hours worked, and far more than any impact analysis would suggest. Many examples in, e.g. finance exist as well. That doesn't contradict what I said at all (and it is also an oversimplification). Again, that is just one (partial) mechanism by which the comment I was responding fails to capture what is really going on in practice. The details aren't important, it was just one example. Pedantic: they are still a commutative monoid without 0, under multiplication with identity 1. You need 0 as the identity for addition, which is fundamental in these constructions. Conversely, that is exactly how I remember CL. (e.g. http://weitz.de/ ) Fwiw, 2min/slide (averaged) isn't a bad heuristic to start with. MaRS has a bunch of issues, but that piece is off base. He seemingly missed the part of that building with actual start ups in it... Sounds like a 2014 variant of emacs' "M-x spook", for tracking rather than the NSA In my opinion you are missing two very key points. 1) Saying "well, you could just find this information some other way" may be true but useless - everyone has different mechanisms that work well for them. If it takes a device or app or whatever for someone to stick with a change they want to make, then good for them. 2) While there is definitely some general health and fitness advice that would benefit most people, it's terribly naive to believe the story ends there. Population averages are just that, every person will also have specific mechanisms and effects that are important to their own wellbeing and not particularly generalizable. It seems to be fairly universal, but cabbies also drag their feet a lot on using them, in my experience. Whether this is because the remote units are fiddly and slow, or they just don't like having a paper trail on the tip & fare, I don't know. Aside from the pressure cooker comments elsewhere... Dry beans really do need a soak. When you bring a pot full of cold water legumes to a boil (assuming you haven't presoaked over night in cold water) turn them off the heat and let them sit for 1-2 hours. Even though they are off of direct heat, the cooking time is similar to if you had left them boiling that whole time. Not only is it not clear, intuition from other areas of optimization would suggest it's unlikely to be true. I've asked a couple of economists about this, but didn't get a satisfying answer. To be fair, it wasn't their area at all - and I may just have misunderstood what they were saying. This seems to boil down to "I don't understand things written in a language I don't understand" which is fine and all but haven't you ever been curious why so many people will assert it is worth the time to learn? I think the second part kind of misses the point, as someone in vim has already implemented the feature you wanted, the way that you wanted. So you are basically turning on a parameter. What is much more important to ask here is how would I implement that functionality [in whichever editor] from scratch, and can I even do that? It probably makes even more sense in the right comment thread... It's been around a lot longer than that (15-20 years?) but only been practical for video and VFX more recently. People have been doing architectural images etc. with pretty complex BSDF for ages. For those who are interested but new to this, some of the earlier global illumination stuff is a good place to start for the fundamental ideas, because they aren't concerned so much with fast paths in the rendering architectures. I'n my experience, crunch mode only "solves" problems that could have been avoided by better organization and/or engineering practice. I can't think of a single deadline that was "saved" by crunch mode that didn't also have some additional cost - if we had done a better job in the run up and avoided the crunch, we would have been significantly ahead or where we actually were. Ymmv, naturally. The most effective way to influence this as a consumer is 1) Don't buy these products (in any form) 2) Do buy products from people who are doing things differently (in ways you approve of) even if very expensive. Vegetarians do #1, but not #2 - which doesn't encourage a change in practice at all, just a reduction of amounts. It can be hard to stick to #2 when faced with a $20 roasting chicken, but that's the nature of this sort of change. editing additions (above is unchanged) because I was obviously not clear enough. I was responding to a post asking what can be done to change a market like that, not saying anything about the choice of being vegetarian itself. If you decide to become vegetarian for whatever reasons, that is a market signal. However, it is not a market signal to change how meat is being processed, it is a market signal to reduce how much is being produced under any method. DeusExMachina's point is fair, eggs are a valid (for some versions of "vegetarian" [1]. The rest of his comment is exactly the same as what I'm saying - by participating in the market but choosing to buy products that are more expensive because of the way they are raised, you are signalling a value for that practice. This is much more effective for change in how that market produces goods than simply not participating. So to be clear - I'm not making a value judgment on choosing to be a vegetarian, I'm just pointing out something fairly obivous - that not participating in a market is not a very effective way of changing how that market produces things. [1] in my lexicon vegetarians don't eat cheese or eggs either, which is different from vegan's who wouldn't eat honey for example - but that's not really important I've responded to most of this in the original comment, but to one particular point. I think you are exactly wrong about the effect of buying the expensive version of something early on if it meets your needs. I think of this as necessary but not sufficient to change. Typically these sorts chickens, to stay with the example, are expensive because they are being raised in small numbers, without the advantages of scale and the sort of research that goes int the big producers. Sometimes the farmers themselves haven't really worked out how to do this as well as they can yet, too. If some people who can afford to don't choose to support these people at the price that makes it viable for them, then it will never get past this point, period. If enough people support it though, the interest will be noted, the scale will start to get better, and the price will come down a bit. Not, obviously, to the levels of the price-is-everything practice, but cheaper. Much like some tech will never really get off the ground without early adopters supporting it. This thread is dead now, but a quick response - it's not (just) less of a signal, it is a very different signal, which is important. I wasn't addressing at all the issue of whether some group of people want to get rid of a product entirely which I had hoped was clear. "The market for food" is a very broad category and contains many markets. If I recall correctly it is required for all engineering degrees, and quite popular in programs like CS as well. From the hiring end, it works well. These graduates are typically very competent. You have a strange idea of what "really bad" reputation means. That university certainly isn't a peer to Oxbridge, as you note. But like many research universities that aren't in the top handful, a big part of the reason is inconsistency. They have departments with a very high reputation internationally, and they have departments that are decidedly mediocre. I suspect the reason this school shows up often on HN is because as far as I can tell the (engineering/CS) programs are consistently appreciated by industry. Very few schools have the reputation of producing graduates who fairly reliable do very well in industry, and can hit the ground running. This seems to be one of them. My experience hiring from Waterloo co-op is that it is both well run and supports even the most junior students well. The systems design and mechatronics programs there are very strong. Given that your friend was in a competitive engineering program aimed at putting graduates into good industrial positions, the inability to find a position in two terms is probably a good sign they needed to re-evaluate if they were in the right program for them. There is nothing arbitrary about this, and they communicate it quite well. It sounds like the system was working as designed, although I understand how this could have been a rough time for your friend. Then again, that's one of the things college is for, and it's hardly a unique situation. I'm not saying they need to leave the program, just that whenever you are struggling with something like this it is a good time to ask "is this for me?". Sometimes you do poorly at something because you lack skills, sometimes because your heart really isn't in it. If the answer is yes, then next thing is to figure out how to improve in that area. I think that's a bit of an oversimplification. Straightforward reporting is in very good shape right now, particularly due to the effects you mention. Long form journalism and in-depth reporting is not doing nearly as well, and is not well supported currently. I feel like C++11 was a sea change, but '14 is mostly cleanup and adding things they couldn't quite get into '11, and suspect this to be similar with '17 when it actually gets down to standardization work, not proposals. It would be nice if they start deprecating some of the older syntax. It remains to be seen how well vendors keep up, but I think that's more a measure of interest than technical limitations. If the modernization of the language reinvigorates its use, they'll resource the compiler teams for it. That particular market is incredibly distorted. Available funding is constrained complicated ways, and the whole incentive system is a mess. Departments/PI's can't hire for the positions they would choose, so they hire postdocs for very short terms (often 2 years or less) because they can. Candidates can't get the positions they want (e.g. TT positions) so they take post-docs until they age out or find/settle on something. Everyone understands that there may not be a classic TT position for everyone interested, but the system has so far mostly failed to come up with any sort of viable alternative for long term employment. Not that TT is what it used to be, either. As a result, continuity in labs is very difficult to maintain as the senior people rotate out too often. Couple this with the growing tendency for PI's to spend more time fund raising than doing research and you have a lot of lost and wasted effort. Isn't this fundamentally similar (as an idea an purpose, not an implementation) to the Internet 2 effort, which started in the mid-nineties if I recall correctly? I don't think he's talking about courses here. He's talking about his role as an advisor, not lecturer. This issue comes up all the time with young researchers (i.e. graduate students). There are a huge number of free and open source packages that can help them implement and test their ideas, but actually getting them to work together can be an exercise in yak shaving. That being said, having facility with command line tools is a valuable skill for any researcher. Part of the reason that people still use the *nix style interface is that the large number of people who thought they'd come up with a better design were actually wrong about that. It's harder than it looks. One part of what marriage is, is a contract between two people. But remember that you don't get to decide the terms of that contract for them. One thing I think you are missing here is 4) Elements of numerical analysis Under standing how matrix inversion works on paper is very different than a computer implementation. If you don't understand how floating point really works, you are bound to make fundamental errors in this kind of work, etc. Even if you aren't implementing things yourself (and past pretty basic usage, you'll have to do at least a little), you need to understand how these things work at so you can tell when or why the packages you are using are failing, and what to try after that. Beyond fairly basic modelling, almost none of this stuff "just works"... ... and then it's a short step to adding multiple dispatch in a clean way. I'm pretty sure that's not what Bjarne has in mind, though. In this, as in all classification schemes, there is a real risk of falling into a "dropping FN will raise FP" category error. The core issue may be be that your algorithm is bad, and you can find another with bother better FN and better FP. To my recollection, WinNT didn't acquire much of the unix server base at all - that pretty much migrated over to Linux, with the exception of massively parallel machines. IIRC they had a half-assed kick at it with the O2, but that was too little, to late. Interesting, thanks. Color me much less sure then. "I don’t see anyone on the list whose ancestors bought a great parcel of land in 1780 and have been accumulating family wealth by collecting rents ever since." What you do see though, in the same Fortune 400 list is that 6 of the top 10 people on that list didn't build their companies (in the sense that Bill Gates did), they inherited them. I don't know how much the current crop Kochs or Waltons are responsible for the current success of their ventures, but this is the type of thing I believe Piketty had in mind as much as the "parcels of land" approach. Also rent seeking is a problem distinct from a rentier class. Can you argue convincingly that these people would have been just as successful without the advantages of their births? I suspect that would be quite difficult. Does churn from super-wealthy to "merely" wealthy address Piketty's thesis? For that matter, does it matter if the names change? Distribution of wealth skewing towards a small number of people is still inequality in the sense that Piketty is talking about, even if the names of the people change every 10 years, let alone every few generations. In other words I think what Piketty is getting at is if there is a decay term, it has to act fast enough that the wealth is distributed broadly before it is all collected up by some other small group of people, otherwise there is little functional difference to dynastic wealth. FWIW the only way you can really avoid it by the structure of your operations is either: 1) Never handle any US protected health information in any way at all, or 2) Push this off entirely to a partner. If you are operating in the US in healthcare, at the very least you will need to audit yourself to ensure (1). "I also like that political is a dirty word now" I think the word is acquiring dirt from that acts; the slimier and more partisan the political conversation is perceived to be by people, the less they want to associate with it in any context. "Is your position that when the government brings in a whole company from the private sector to do work, then that's perfectly fine" I don't know about "perfectly fine", more of a "has significant problems with revolving door corruption and lobbying" but be that as it may, the conflict of interest seems pretty clear to me. Given your premise that the NSA is necessary and it is in our general interest that it is effective, then the NSA's CTO is exactly the guy who should be playing companies off against each other to get a better deal for the public money he's spending. It's pretty hard to do that well if have any ties with one of the companies in question, let alone strong ones. It would be a different story if part of the deal was that IronNet would never bid for, or in any way be involved in any NSA contract, but that doesn't seem to be the case (unless I missed something?). Intuitively that might seem like the case, but it isn't true in the systems I'm familiar with (UK, Canada). Ironically, often in the US I've had less choice in providers due to network constraints on insurance. I've seen this stated this as another occurrence of the 80/20 rule, which close enough to 75/25. It doesn't really have anything to do with after a certain age, either. Some percentage %x of your 5 year experience programmers haven't really moved much past their first year at all. To be fair, I think of it really as a series of plateaus, not a hard and fast rule. People get stuck at a level of professional development for all sorts of reasons, internal and external. The thing is, it gets more noticeable the longer time period you are talking about. Comparing two people with 3 years experience where one of them hasn't really progressed past the first year or so, and the other has 3 solid years is a lot different than comparing two people with 30 years experience where one of them hasn't really passed the 10 year mark of development and the other has a solid 30. And "useless" is the wrong way of looking at it. There is a lot of use for a developer with 5-10 years of experience, so long as you don't expect them to perform like a developer with 20-30 years experience. This is true even if they have 30 years on paper, which can be a bit of sticky point w.r.t compensation, but that's a different issue. This absolutely happens with lawyers and doctors, by the way. A real difference is that a doctor has been forced into a good 10 years of professional development before they take the training wheels off, so the base level of competence is much higher. Some of them don't progress significantly beyond that for the rest of their careers, but that doesn't mean they aren't productive for that whole time. As an industry, I do believe that software development is pretty weak on developing talent internally, particularly beyond the entry level. I don't think this is as simple as specialization vs. generalization. Considering nearly any situation your team encounters, junior people, experienced people, and very senior people are likely to take different lessons for it, because they have different perspectives on what happened and what could have/should have happened. To me, a "same year of experience, 30 times" person is someone who runs into similar situations over and over, but fails to grow in how they understand and react to them. This is true of architectural issues, interpersonal issues, schedule management issues, ... everything really. Technology stack isn't so important here. If anything I expect the experienced people to pick up a new stack faster, if they've done this before, all else being equal. I'd expect insight and ideas from a 20+ year developer I'd never dream of asking a junior ( A bright kid with a decent social support system may not find a place in the schools, but will make a place forthemselves outside that system. A kid who is struggling to read at grade level, who comes from an impoverished and/or abusive social network - this kid may have two strikes against them before they show up at all, and warrants the extra effort to try and help lift themselves out of there circumstances. You're pretty far off the mark here. Not that I necessarily endorse the approach either, but it comes from a social welfare perspective, nothing to do with raising averages. More to do with raising citizens, as it were. Except it doesn't, really, scale well in practice. Even now, writing and maintaining large documents in Word is typically an exercise in frustration. Don't get me wrong, there are many things it does well. Books aren't one of them, and neither is technical content (e.g. math) or other complicate typesetting and structuring. This may just be an implication of mixing typesetting and writing tasks. I think it probably is "essentially" complex, but that doesn't mean that all tools are equivalent. Sometimes the issue isn't making something "easy", it's making it possible. Sometimes with Word you end up working your project around the tool because anything else is impractical - but that's exactly backwards from how it should be done. The whole point of the continued popularity of tube amps is to drive them too hard and get interesting noises ... people have been trying to duplicated that in digital for decades, and failed. That was the first thing I thought also, but I guess you can't argue that tube amps (for headphones, guitars, whatever) is a pretty niche product these days. But isn't it this same minority of elite programs looking for ways to carry academically incompetent students? Most student athletes are students first, not looking for an opening in a professional league. It's true that home-schooling does not necessarily short on social interaction, but I've met enough people who were home schooled and did poorly in social setting to wonder how many people do well at this aspect of it for their children. Outings, sports, music etc. are great but not enough on their own. For a lot of people doing home schooling, it must be difficult to arrange for several hours most days in the company a largish group of children with varied backgrounds and personalities. Not having this can make it difficult for children to develop socially. Hey, it's great if you manage to get your kids into several hours of group activities with a mixture of kids on the majority of days. But in my experience, many parents who home school mostly fail on this "not hard" task. So maybe it is harder than you're making out? Or maybe my sample set isn't very good, it's not like I've done a broad study, I'm just taking this from families and adults (who were home schooled) that I know personally. This may be a bit of unfair stereotype, but in my experience there are plenty of real world examples backing it up. Sure, I get that - but how is that a response to peoples perceptions, which are based on averages in some sense. You said "it's a myth", maybe you really meant "it doesn't have to be that way". The latter is clearly true. Or pedantic: it's an observation that "home schooling" correlates well with shorting social interaction. Why is left as an exercise to the interested reader. This approach is much more clear when you use inner product notation. Another benefit is you can see exactly how it is similar to other basis like (orthonormal) wavelets, and dis-similar to so-called "over-complete" basis (complex wavelets, various frames). It also becomes easier to see what the projections onto basis vectors are doing, how/why energy is "concentrated" under a wavelet transform of natural signals, etc. One thing that's missing here is that college really is a "you get out what you get in" situation. As a prof, you see people like this all the time, and hopefully you take the time to try and engage them more, but at the end of the day it isn't your responsibility if they choose to waste the opportunity. The "challenge" in college isn't to make a 4.0 GPA, it's to push yourself to find your own boundaries. Many profs will bend over backwards to help a student who is doing this, and (unlike high school) you can scale up your program to meet and exceed any persons abilities. Sure, maybe you can skate by and manage a decent GPA, but you aren't doing yourself any favors, your basically telling us that you half assed four years of personal development, and you should know that it is probably obvious to those you've worked with and for. The corporate world has its share of people too, skating just like they were. Typically they are the ones not being considered for rapid advancement and grooming for bigger things. Of course, you may just be exceptional. And it's not like you can't recover from this with hard work. But consider this as you head out on your own: Sometimes you just get lucky, but it's more likely that you will succeed or fail now largely on the back of hard work (and here's the tricky part) applied to the right places. Consider an alternative universe "you" who grabbed hold of college with both hands and squeezed until it gave up as much useful stuff as it could.... That guy would be eating your lunch right now. Not because of the college, per se, but because of the attitude and experience. Ok, "half assed four years..." was making some assumptions I shouldn't have. You could well have been doing other useful things at the time. At ~2hrs a week, you didn't actually find out what you could have done there, so that's a waste, but I understand being afraid to follow that conviction and drop college in favor of whatever you were finding interesting. I'm the last one to support the everyone-must-go-to-college message, but I understand it feeling risky. Even in your circle though, I'm sure the (unfortunate) message was clear that the piece of paper was table stakes, not success. And every university has some variation of this message, repeatedly. Table stakes get you a seat at the table, that's all. It's the things that aren't shown on that paper that decide what sort of a player you are. And success, in the end, is most of the time dependent on getting good at doing many of the sort of things you describe as struggling with, not because it's what you want to do, but because it's what is necessary to achieve what you are trying to do. I think there is some truth to this, but it also seems to be true that on average the US is valuing quantity over quality (in food) more than many other economies that can certainly afford to overeat. "survival of the fittest" only really applies in a population sense anyway, which is often part of the confusion I suspect. I suspect the point was that this was this program comes from established companies that have no place making the same mistakes that startups make, or for the same reasons. For what it's worth, most programs really can't assume much about incoming classes having a solid background, so there is a lot of remedial effort in first year anyway. So yes, if you were basically competent but didn't put the time in in highschool, for whatever reason, then sure - if you're willing to do the work no reason they can't succeed. And given that high schools are such a mixed bag, I do think it's worth at least looking at giving more kids a shot. It might be interesting to have a slate of such scholarships reserved for students who wouldn't qualify on entry, but would after first semester/year. Which isn't to say everyone should go, I really wish there were more real vocational options. But if they want it and can do the work, absolutely. That sounds like a good program. I'm curious, why would you assume that? The primary benefit and cost, depending on your point of view, of clojure is that it runs on the JVM. I don't see how that would be a strong argument for or against using this tooling for any problem domain unless you were already committed to or against the JVM for other reasons. This seems an odd one to be "downvoted", enough so I'm curious why. I wouldn't have noticed except it changes the font color. One common view is that 4-6 weeks is, in fact, terrible. Of course it's all trade-offs, but the US is a long ways from most similar countries in this respect, and I can see people getting frustrated with it. In many places there are reasonable options to manage a combined year of parental leave, for example. Sure, but you are comparing federally mandated minimums. Elsewhere in this thread there is a lot of hay being made about how your company may offer more.... The same is true here. For example, I know people whose 50 weeks in Canada has been topped up to 80%. It's not just about pay either, but about what security (if any) someone has after maternity or paternity leave. In practice, I think you'll fund the in the U.S. This is much harder to do, not just compared to Canada, but to most of Europe. Actually, when I said "there are reasonable options" I wasn't referring to federal minimums at all, but I should have made that more clear. I know what FMLA is for, I'm saying that compared to many places, that is not much protection. You picked a couple of places out of that wikipedia page, but on the short end. What about Sweden's 13 months at 75% or so, or Englands year? Anyway, I'm not saying one approach is wrong, as it is all trade-offs. I'm just saying that this is made much more difficult in the US than in a lot of comparable countries, and I think that is pretty uncontroversial. Techniques like the chaos game are used to sample according to the associated fractal measure, which addresses the issue of bias. Issues or floating point representations and the like are a separate problem, but you can address them also. In my experience aspiring to this would be a mistake. You can pull off very high production numbers for a while [under whatever metric you choose] before you start babbling in a corner somewhere, but invariably i's mostly crap and you'll end up replacing every 100k lines with 10-20k lines later, but this time it will be well though out, tested, and maintainable. I've met a few people who have convinced themselves this isn't true, but nobody who has managed to convince anyone else. So you can paint yourself into a corner where all you can do is crank as fast as your tooling allows, but it's like deficit spending, it will cost you more in the long run than doing it right would. Of course, if having a long run at all to worry about this depends on your current output, crank away. An interesting idea, but a couple of things jumped out at me immediately. 1) Keeping track of surface and/or pan temperature is useful but it isn't nearly as useful as keeping track of internal temperature[1]. I'm not sure what the technical challenges are, but having one or more small wireless temperature probes would be far more useful to me than one limited use pan, which leads to ... 2) I cook a lot, but I have very few uses for a non-stick frypan, and very few uses for any pan that isn't oven safe[2]. That and the short useful lifetime of any non-stick pan (at any price range) make me wonder about this. [1] Otherwise you're just hoping your inputs are roughly equivalent to the last time you did this, or what the recipe assumes. [2] i'm making an assumption here, but couldn't find any info You hit on the key problem, which is: what if my salmon steak is 1 1/2 " thick? Or 1/2" ? Are you going to have a selection grid? What if I just took it out of a fridge? What if its starting at room temperature? A bit dry? One of the first things you need to learn to improve as a cook (professional or just out of interest) is to control temperature. And that temperature isn't what it says on a dial, it's what's happening at the interface of your food and the heat. But pan temperature is only one variable, and others are at least as important. At the end of the day, you are never cooking "a salmon steak", you are cooking this salmon steak, with all it's characteristics, on this equipment. Part of getting better as a cook is to be aware of this and always adjust what you are doing, not to your expectations of what should happen (e.g. any recipe, or what happened last time, or ...) but to what is actually happening. To that degree having a live readout of a particular pan could be useful, but not earth shattering. Anyway, I don't think it's a terrible idea and may well help people who are afraid to diverge from a recipe. Heck, it may be very useful to some people who are very experienced, I don't know. My initial reaction though is the form factor is too constraining, and the benefit too marginal, for me to get excited about it. Interesting. Re: "other [variables] are at least as important" being an incorrect assumption... I can see this being possible for some foods (your salmon steak being a good example, given you include thickness, but you'd need different models for many different types of fish), but really unlikely for others. How onion behaves, for example, is pretty regional and highly dependent on type. For many vegetables water content is highly variable and very important to how it cooks, but I feel like i've got better proxys for what is going on than cooking surface temperature would be.... "As we've learned from open-source, if you can get enough eyes (identity isn't actually that important) then all bugs become shallow." This is an often repeated claim, but I don't think it holds up. What is more accurate is that, given enough eyes most bugs are shallow, but the deep ones are not. Some things are just subtle, and some things are technically deep. Throwing a thousand naive[1] reviewers at a problem like that wont get you anywhere near the result of just one person who knows the domain. In the domain of peer review, this means that you can't replace (domain) expert reviewers with a random sample of interested people. You can certainly enhance the expert reviewers with additional people, and this is a good idea. [1] Naive with respect to that particular problem domain. There is a good section in here describing why not only do you not need it, if you use it (as a terminal/listening format) you are probably just making things worse. A system designed end to end to play 24/192 (not the DAC, it's the amps, speakers etc. you have to worry about) could do this reasonably, but you aren't putting that together for $1k. Or probably $10k. Mainly because there is no point, if the mix down is done right you can't physically hear the differences anyway. It's a good format for mixing, and a hopeless one for listening. The real stumbling block is the difficulty in generating anything embedable, and the need to iterate on the decoder side. You can get pretty good results for general images, but not "better enough" to justify this cost over, say as wavelet threshold plus entropy coding. You also can have artifacts of the shape Of the domain support, and getting rid of these makes the encoder quite expensive ( less of a problem) I haven't read that paper in ages, but Davis's points as I remember them aren't really fundamental. For example you can easily do IFS codecs in a wavelets domain and capture detail that zero trees miss, while still taking advantage of the energy concentration in that domain. This shows up in the focus on "fractal block coders" but the blocks here are not necessary. Not that I'm arguing for IFS codecs, mind, but Davis did miss the point a bit. The point is that the concentration of energy in lower frequencies (i.e. the reason you see sparseness in the wavelet domain) is separable from the issue of using IFS. After all, using IFS means you encode an operator, not the signal. One way to demonstrate this (which was shown around the time of Davis's paper, if I recall correctly) is to do the IFS codec in the wavelet domain hierarchically (on quadtrees in the case of an orthonormal wavelet basis). This gives you a similar advantage of spending your encoder bits (which should still be handled by an entropy coder, regardless of method) primarily get spent where the image energy is, but does not truncate information as hard as, say, a zerotree approach. The problems Davis points out with IFS codecs done on blocks in the spatial domain are issues with block/patch operations and with operating in the spatial domain, not with IFS per se. The fundamental idea behind IFS codecs is that you encode a transform whose fixed point approximates your signal, you don't encode the signal directly. The real problem is the difficulty in embedding them, and the need to iterate a few times to converge the result.. which is what you allude to I think. [note, I really should revisit Davis's paper before discussing , because I'm operating from memory here...] I think you are oversimplifying. After all, the map data isn't really the product here. But you are right the tricky thing would be to maintain an incentive structure. Waving hands wildly: imagine a mapping database that was owned by the government, free to use for non-profit uses, and licenseable by corporate entities. Here's the twist though, the license fees are proportional to the government doing a certain amount of upkeep/improvement on the database, and you are free to provide the same work block instead of a fee. That way, if you can do it cheaper, it will save you money up front and if your competitor can't do that, it's a competitive advantage. I haven't thought about this model carefully just pointing out it isn't necessarily as black and white as you suggest... That Lipshitz paper is really worth reading. "So what you are saying is that given enough time and some random events my tablet could actually come to existance all by itself?" Well, no. But there is nothing in the natural world that we know of that is implausible for development over the time scales involved. Which is really separate from the point here, that the various fractal and fractal-like structures is that complex looking behavior and structure can emerge from very simple rule or encoding. That's the precise situation the linked post is about, did you read it before commenting? I wouldn't go so far as the post you're replying too (I think you can do a startup without all the advantages named, but your risk looks different). However, I think you are falling into the trap of identifying outliers and then trying to reason about the general case from it - it's pretty hard to use that to say anything more that "it's possible for X to happen, because it happened here, and here." Is anything wrong with the warrant system? The fact that police are often trying to avoid/circumvent it is not evidence that it isn't working as designed, just that it isn't working as they would like (which is to be expected). Your second paragraph illustrates the issue with lumping ruby and lisp together. Lisp is already fast, in some common lisps (e.g. sbcl) you have a compiler that gets within about 2x of a good optimizing c compiler, which is pretty good. So in some sense, it already has the best of both worlds (more powerful than a ruby or python, faster than most languages when compiled). I think the reasons it did't take over the world have nothing to do with the technical core, and everything to do with ecosystem and network effects. Actually most of these compilers have pretty small teams, and in some cases part time volunteer effort has done a lot of the optimizer But language design really matters, for example one guy put together a JIT for lua that is roughly as fast as the JVM. He's good at it, but he wouldn't have been able to do the same thing with Java (or, I expect ruby) on his own.... Any reason to expect they have a stronger or more likely to succeed claim than, say, the Japanese-American families whose possessions were taken from them in WW2? On the other hand, the real-world is swimming in programs that would have benefitted from some of the ideas in this book... I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I care about capability, not credentials. That said, a BS from a decent CS program has some value, if only as a filter. And programs like these "bootcamps" have a similar value with a much lower bar. In both cases you need to know the program to really figure out how to scale it in your decision. Running an educational program is hard, I agree. And if you guys are doing a really excellent job of it over, say, 10 weeks the way I look at it is this: the potential hire is an entry level person who has about a 3 month jump on the approx 2 years it will take to make a developer out of them. If your program is a year long, they're maybe a bit over half way there. So given that: I'd have no problem hiring these people as entry level (i.e. developer in training), and if I knew something about the program itself that would count in their favor against similarly green candidates. I don't think I'm underestimating it at all. Immersive learning works best when you are almost ready to learn the material already; in this case you can achieve a lot in a few days if you are motivated, but there are limits. You can't compress years or months into days, and you can only get so far before you have to slow down and synthesize. I wouldn't hire someone just because they'd graduated from a decent CS program either, it's just a reasonable proxy for some of the skills (but not others) they will need to become a developer over time. I'd always heard that it was cost that drove grain finishing, nothing to do with taste. Is that a myth? After all, grain finishing is a bit of a strange thing to do with animals that can't digest it well naturally, on the face of it. It can even be hard when your career trajectory isn't stuck. I went to grad school because it was well funded and I could do fun research; I did the same thing in a post-doc with my own funding (much more than this article suggests, so I wasn't giving up too much salary compared to industry). But I got a good look at what the next 10+ years were going to look like if I wanted to be successful at it. Although I had tenure track offers I decided the life of a research academic, even at an R1, wasn't for me. The practicalities of maintaining funding derail a lot of good research ideas and make people very conservative. Time pressure from the admin and teaching on top of this leaves little left for actual research. This was topped off with the difficulty I was having trying to get outside collaborations really working and transition my research into practice. Maybe if I'd been better at it I would have had opportunities that changed my mind, I don't know. So I left, although many of my colleagues thought I was crazy to do so having "made it" past the post-doc trap. I can't complain at all, I made a decent salary for several years to just do research and learn things, which was great. But I couldn't see staying. It's a bit of a strange relationship: The manufacturers can't insist that google support older versions with proper patch releases for bugs like this, because they aren't paying for it. On the other hand, google really can't expect to drive the manufacturers test & release cycles. I expect that even a minor release is an expensive testing effort on their part, so they are understandably reluctant to do this off cycle. I think this is the point of some of google's recent changes, but it's unclear how well that will work in practice. Does it still depend if finding out what the offer is will derail you for 3 months and almost certainly result in an unsatisfactory answer (or worse)? I think that's his point: In theory you might like to know the answer, but in practice unless you are in a very strong or very weak position (and know it), you shouldn't let yourself be distracted this way, as it is incredibly unlikely to be worth the time. Even without physiological changes, multi-modal fusion is a made more difficult by non-rigid spatial transforms inherent to some of the modes (e.g. CT quite accurate spatially, but MR is certainly not, and can vary with pulse sequence also) "store of value" has a standard usage in this area, and you aren't using that definition. To be a good store of value means that you have predictable recovery, which is the opposite of what you are say. BTC may or may not be a good (high risk) investment at the moment, but it isn't a good store of value. Such techniques are often generally known as "Global Illumination". Often in physics based rendering you are attempting to estimate the BSDF (bi-directional scattering distribution function, often broken into T, transmission and R reflection) parts. This gets complicated by interactive media and subsurface scattering (i.e the photons go into a material and bounce around) but in the simple case of a surface interaction you are estimating an integral over solid angle for all light interactions. Monte Carlo path tracing is one way to do this estimation. Or at least reasonable & predictable liquidity, yes. Coil positioning and geometry is critical for field homogeneity. And the coil materials must be very consistent. Add to that you have to withstand heating/cooling cycles down to a few Kelvin -- the whole thing needs to withstand a lot of stress so it's heavy. As introductions go, this is not very good. For example, the first sentence "Simulated annealing is a method for finding a good (not necessarily perfect) solution" is incorrect in theory, while correct in practice. I feel that it is this dichotomy that brings the most insight to the strengths and weaknesses of the approach. Further, the post doesn't give any good intuition on why it works, or how it works, or how it compares to alternatives... everything you would want to know. It also gets other details not quite right, like the origin of the Gibbs measure (the name "simulated annealing" comes from analogy to the annealing process in metallurgy, but the Gibbs formulation comes from probability theory, and the application here via the Ising model and electromagnetism). This isn't very important to a practical intro I guess, but it makes it harder to find the right places to read deeper if you wish to. It's fairly easy to prove that simulated annealing done "properly" will converge to a uniform distribution over all global minima. The "properly" here involves a logarithmic cooling schedule and a little thought should convince you that this is in practice not going to help you any more than exhaustive search will. It's very difficult to prove useful properties about convergence or distribution on faster cooling: therin lies the rub. I suspect a big part of the popularity of the approach is that it is extremely easy to implement, but unfortunately naively application often doesn't work very well on complicated energy state spaces. Too late to edit the parent, but you are right to call me out on this, thanks!. Clearly without some ergodicity constraint you cannot have uniform distribution. I was sloppy with terminology, sorry. The original approach to this require weak and strong ergodicity conditions on an inhomogeneous Markov chain (but not stationarity of the chain, i.e. you don't have to run it forever). This was worked out in the mid 80s by Gidas and Mitra if I recall correctly, and several interesting updates since then. There are other probabilistic arguments made as well, after that. I can dig out references if anyone asks. If I recall correctly The sound originally came from cost cutting engineering choices. Beyond the fairly tight angle (a little over 60 degrees) which gives you a asymmetric "gap" between ignitions, they simplifies the ignition timing so that it fired every stroke instead of every other stroke. So the exhaust strokes had a little ignition going on due to unspent fuel/air, giving the quieter sounds. Not a good design for efficiency but it sure gave them a distinctive idle. Why hasn't the alice/master branch brought over all of the changes in master since branching, and tested them, before review and (eventual) merge? To be fair, disinterest and contempt are very different things. Saying "I'm not interested in X" has very different connotations from "I can't see why anybody is interested in X". "Taken more charitably, it merely implies that one does not understand the valid reasons for liking X." And therein lies the rub. Interpreting others statements charitably and trying to make your own clear and unambiguous can reduce an awful lot of social friction. It's the hardware costs that killed the unix vendors relative to commodity beige boxes, not the software Linux (and to some degree the BSD's) just gave a smoother path. I recall seeing side by side memory quotes from Intel (i.e. an "expensive" vendor in the space, when they were shipping servers) and SGI for the same amount of memory on smallish servers - from memory the SGI was about $18k vs $500 for the intel. Staring at that difference it becomes pretty hard to justify, even if the memory bus was much better. I could buy a couple of new servers for the cost of that memory upgrade. I suspect Sun's pulling the free c compiler was just one of many "cost cutting" (which end up being revenue cutting) decisions made by a company that saw the writing on the wall but couldn't see how to avoid it. I want to say my quote comparison came from '96, but I could be off a bit. At any rate, the unix vendors still all had pretty significant hardware advantages over even the beefiest PC ... but the bang/buck was already pretty painful. We had systems developed on Sun, but we couldn't afford to deploy them on Sun hardware. After briefly flirting with the idea that SunOS x86 would be a viable path, we gave up and moved to linux on commodity hardware. It was a new enough thing to do (in the market we were in) that we got a few raised eyebrows, but it turned out to be the right decision. I like the concept behind MDP, but not the term. Mostly this is because "disruptive" has become so hackneyed in the industry that its use has negative value to me. I've often thought half the confusion with these could have been avoided if U3 was called the "unemployment indicator". Academia already does much of the fundamental research. It's mostly the "D" part of the "R&D" that is expensive, and shapes the pharma industry. Some of this could be addressed by making clinical trials cheaper to operate and initialize, but it's always going to be quite expensive. Sure, a lot of discovery is done in industry too (and, as you note, is supported by academic outputs). But that's not the expensive part which is what I was trying to say -- obviously not clearly enough. I don't think anyone, regardless of their own take on the issues, would argue that current drug policy in the U.S. is internally consistent. Right, for service courses with lots of sections, the marking load can be pretty high (e.g 1000+ students taking the same course) and the difficulty in maintaining even marking policies both tempt towards scantron and the like. It is limiting, but if you put a lot of work into it you can even design pretty decent multi-part questions that reward partial understanding/success. Mostly people don't put that time in, though, and I've never been a fan of the practice. I'm not really a fan of this op-ed either, but the very least, the article/speech at least makes a much more solid argument than you have here. Basically you've made an unsubstantiated claim to write it off, and then prognosticated that there is little chance useful will come of it. How, exactly, does such an approach raise the level of discourse here in ways the original article doesn't?