One of the things about nginx is the lack of an organised community - for e.g. there is not even an official repository for nginx ( http://marc.info/?l=nginx&m=122153991029203&w=2 ). there are simply some mirrors of people who maintain a patch-based tree ( http://mdounin.ru/hg/nginx-vendor-current ). There is no bug-tracker (!!), just a wiki page ( http://wiki.nginx.org//NginxBugs ) and as someone mentioned ( http://www.wikivs.com/wiki/Lighttpd_vs_nginx ), very less activity on IRC. It comes down to the original issue of Linus Torvalds, Ingo Molnar and Con Kolivar: do you have a clear roadmap of where the architecture is going, vs a very cool technology that had a lot of support and was no doubt popular. I am in no way commenting on the technology behind nginx, but as an architect, making a deployment decision that is going to take hell to change later, I would be very concerned. the lack of a bug tracker and a SCM should'nt be limited by language barrier. Every project needs developers and testers. Contributing to projects may take different avenues and opens up opportunities to climb higher on the development foodchain as their experience matures. how does directed-edge compare to LinkedIn's OSS Project Voldemort ( http://project-voldemort.com/ >) ? You're dead-on about the lack of literature. I am no lisp expert (python stole me away), but something like the PythonChallenge for lisp could go a long way towards building a working knowledge. I really wish we could have books like Norvig's PAIP in the public domain - it is really one of the best books on lisp ever, however very expensive - more so in third world countries. Oh and I really wish that brackets were used rather than parantheses - there is RSI you know! is there a place where one has a list of the most popular wireless and sound cards ? Maybe the developers can use that as a starting point. mkxpud is an image generator, and a binary-level build system very similar to Woof of Puppy Linux. We don't want to handle the package dependencies, so we just leverage APT/dpkg. When running mkxpud, it reads project config (called cookbook), parse it into package settings (called recipe), strips directly from a working Debian/Ubuntu Linux, extracts them into root filesystem and finally generates image. Use autohinting [ http://www.spodesabode.com/discussion/51/making-ubuntu-look-... ] and Droid fonts and u'll see what a difference it makes The biggest draw in favor of git - especially for those people, who are already working with SVN or CVS - is the interoperability scripts for git. git-svn is freaking brilliant and is so convenient a bridge that several people maintain their SVN checkouts as git repositories and eventually checkin to the central SVN repositories using git. now... lisp.. if only wow. I never thought a comment of mine would be tokenized. But, I guess your parsing was spot on ... I like pylons and I cant understand why everyone is trying to scare off everyone else by calling it “glue”, “a hackers framework”, “it doesnt give you anything, allows you to choose everything” People would almost think it is the Lisp of frameworks (which it is). Pylons comes with “batteries included”. Its default setup with Mako, SqlAlchemy, Routes is quite good and I would say a Ruby-on-Rails for Pythoners. And like RoR, you can fire up “paster shell” to get a nice console. But my best part - how you can set “import pdb;pdb.set_trace()” to start a debug session in a console. I can wrap my fingers around pylons very nicely - and I like the fact that I can “hack” it if I ever wanted to. it would be interesting to know what problems you faced. If you could elaborate on the roadblocks you hit - and how other frameworks solved it for you, that would be great. Pylons: Python... check MVC...check SQLAlchemy...check Mako....check Umm... can somebody compare Juno to Pylons please - I'm kind of confused here i think what Arnold is trying to convey is mathematics needs to be "learned" intuitively, rather than in an abstract manner. Pure mathematics may, however, be practiced (though one can argue that intuition will continue to play a significant role ) The essential bit is about being able to visualize a mathematical concept, before being able to express it in mathematical language. For example, I think the visualizations of sorting algorithms give a intuitive understanding of how something should work, that you will be able to see quicksort in your mind, before you code it up. Physics can easily be interchanged for computer vision as a tool for aiding in mathematical intuition. Learning is hard, practice is easy. database newbie here - I always thought sharding was the only thing to do after your DB starts choking on the volume. I did not know there was any other way to go about it. Care to share any information on how you would scale DB (PGSql maybe) - any google keywords would be welcome as well Ruby's Gems ownzors easy_install - with versioned libraries, updates, etc.. And apt-get, pacman, rpm are not excuses, because I like to use Slitaz as my OS If virtualenv (which I love) is something that plays havoc with package management - they should be merged, rather than not do anything about it. pomodoro technique ? http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/ nice app - i also use timer-applet for nice Gnome integration on the taskbar to run it in VirtualBox, the livecd needs "xmodule=vesa" boot option. To install VBox/nVidia graphics drivers, you need to install dbrs-precompiled-linux-sources-2.6.28 (using apt-get). And OO 3.1 is at "deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/openoffice-pkgs/ppa/ubuntu hardy main" repository. Very lightweight on my 5 yr old laptop - with the OpenBox option. the difference between crunchbang and Debris is gnome. I like being on the mainstream desktop environment and being able to run it on older machines Once, while we were taking a break, I think we were actually watching the OJ chase on TV, there was a news program talking about him being in Europe with some little boy. I was sitting next to the guy while the news is making this crap up. He just looked at me and said this is what I have to deal with. http://www.gearslutz.com/board/4325168-post15.html http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 Riemann for Anti-dummies: Introduction and Critique I would'nt mind a 14 inch, Intel Atom, no DVD, minimum USB drive, ultrathin, 6 hour battery life netbook zsh does a much better job (with its right prompts and formatting) http://img194.imageshack.us/img194/2101/zsh1.png - this actually shows a git repository imported from svn http://img40.imageshack.us/img40/3738/zsh2.png - this shows a regular svn repo This is what you need in your zshrc # precmd is called just before the prompt is printed function precmd() { title “zsh” “$USER@%m” “%55 vcs_info export RPS1=”${YELLOW}%1v${NORM}” wow..thanks! '''I happen to think mathematics would be more advanced today if a little attention was paid to standardizing its notation''' ... as well as the tools available to render those notations. http://www.stixfonts.org/pub_geninfo.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STIX_Fonts_project Does'nt smalltalk have code=data behavior without s-expressions. I'm not an expert, but I thought that was the reason why Smalltalk has the IDE that everyone raves about along with image persistence Or can Smalltalk be modelled as an s-exp based language? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk#Image-based_persisten... nice .. thanks This reminded me of Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty (of Narayan Hrudayalaya, Karnataka, India) who created a very innovative Micro-health scheme ( http://www.yeshasvini.org/ ) of distributing the cost of heart surgery among the masses for a meager 10 cents (5 Rs) a month. Today, approximately 1.6 million farmers are eligible to receive heart surgeries (and 955 other surgery types) He has recently started getting traction in New Delhi for a similar scheme. http://www.hindustantimes.com/News/india/Delhi-does-not-want... http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/4585.html According to your philosophy, isnt ArchLinux the perfect middle ground ? rolling releases, BSD style init, a really good package repo (AUR) and manager (pacman) - no "-src" packages ... if you want to insist on Slackware like package management - use PKGBUILD . That is plain offensive. The special olympics are an even greater achievement of the human body as a machine, since it must push itself with far lesser degrees of freedom. Mnemosyne is actually very good http://www.mnemosyne-proj.org/ it works on Win, Mac and Linux - written in Python http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 Jonathan Blow, the developer of Braid, has had a thread on his blog (made from last year, when he gave up trying to port Braid on linux, till July of this year) about the (sorry?) state of developer tools on Linux. An interesting read - given that his primary editor was emacs and he has been using *nixes for 20 years. Long story short - sorry state of sound on Linux, sorry state of debugging tools on linux, OpenAL+SDL dont cut it. Use the Droid or Undotum fonts with antialiasing. Very, very good. http://tombuntu.com/index.php/2008/10/15/tweak-your-font-ren... is there a way to interchange ( to [ ? I have RSI. P.S. Not keyboard mapping please. thanks! doesnt this inherently lower performance? Message-passing rather than shared data structures implies you need to pass around heavy copies of data. Are Lock-free data structures (supported probably by atomic hardware operations) the middle ground? http://www.audiomulch.com/~rossb/code/lockfree/ Read first : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 then http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=772012 Why does'nt everyone publish their class notes in ePub format ? It is machine readable, reflowable and most ebook readers support it. is it really about network sound ? 95% of the desktop users needs sound to work [a] when two streams (e.g. a video game and music) are played [b] low latency sound in video games (a.k.a lipsync) Another 4% wants good audio tools to work on in Linux - which there arent many of. I dunno if this is a catch-22 because of the innumerable sound SDKs. In a previous comment I had posted described Jonathan Blow's (creator of Braid) problems with low latency sound and APIs on Linux. And this is a guy who has been using linux for over a decade now. The thread over at his blog has been going for over a year now ( http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 ) and makes for interesting reading. please, please have a Eastern Economy Edition. Just wanted to point out a few differences to people hitting PGSQL after getting their feet wet with MySQL. 1. While installing PGSQL get your configuration variables correct, or it wont work out-of-the-box (kernel.shmmax, autovacuum, shared_buffers) 2. learn about authentication. PGSQL depends on authentication of the OS ("sameuser" on pg_hba.conf). MySQL behaves by default as the "password" authentication method of PGSQL. 3. Learn about template databases. Your first database is a template database. 4. PGSQL has "pg_" databases and slash commands (\dt, \connect, \q) for system administration. Sorry - I should have clarified. These are specific to Ubuntu packaging. I worked on MySQL before I had to work on PostGres and these were the major turning points in my understanding. Hope it helps someone else. that is a fascinating account - could you elaborate on how you leveraged a compiler/custom language for your 10K machine management. I am not able to wrap my head around what was it specifically that you needed a language for - rather than, say building it on top of perl/python/lua - and whether you used the yacc/bison toolchain to build it. I think the best paper that explains the magic number (0x5f3759df) is http://www.lomont.org/Math/Papers/2003/InvSqrt.pdf Lomont traces the history of the algorithm and the possible way that the magic number was derived - including more magic numbers (0x5f375a86) not only does it have the most sophisticated eye - it has the world's fastest punch [[ http://scienceblogs.com/notrocketscience/2008/07/the_mantis_... ] Shrimpzilla FTW ! seconded. Ruby's gem might not be perfect, but it is much more intuitive than anything python has (no idea about "pip" though) I hear you - I'm an Ubuntu user and I see usability and driver regressions with every release. I cant disable the touchpad in Karmic (could do do that in Jaunty) - bug marked as wishlist. DEC Tulip drivers have stopped working from Hardy onwards. Audio drivers dont work well on Thinkpad R series - its quite a hack to get them to work. that was good... thanks wow...thanks! Does anybody know if the eye-candy+speed advantage of E17 is still relevant, after the advent of the Clutter toolkit ? Given that the toolkit natively uses OpenGL and people can hack compositing managers together pretty quickly for it( http://wingolog.org/archives/2008/07/26/so-you-want-to-build... ), is E-17, still the "sci fi window manager" ? Protect a user from himself. I manage IT for an accounting firm and I got a few ubuntu machines - they know how to use Synaptic (and know I need to give the password). However, it is highly unlikely any of them know how to drop to single-user mode and do "stuff". One of the things that companies like about Linux - is that it can be reasonably locked down against people who typically click attachments in mails, etc. ... not against hackers. I think this is the beginning of a new era of Linux viruses. A good middle ground is search rankings - users who are "looking for a job" have their ranking bumped-up on search results (shown to employers). Not to the very top mind you (too obvious!) - but enough to come ahead of non-lookers. This way - the employers get a good result on their search for prospective hires and employees get plausible denaibility. As a beginner to lisp, I have always been bothered by the lack of standardization - especially in terms of libraries. For example, a couple of weeks back, there was an article about a python-based tool on HN (I forget which). There was a lot of opinion, however was generally about BeautifulSoup vs lxml. Coming to CL, I dont even know where to begin for XML parsing ( http://www.cliki.net/XML ). Which is why, it seems like black magic when people make amazing software (quantz, postabon) . I just get too intimidated on where to begin... it is similar to the javascript library fights that keep erupting on comp.lang.js : you ask about one and are made to feel like you should have chosen another. it goes beyond CPAN - it would have been nice to have a "batteries-included" version that packs in most useful libraries (like Python's Image, lxml, etc libraries). The very argument that choice > standardization is something I dont get - even in Rails, you have the choice of not using the default templating engine, JavaScript framework, etc. But it doesnt mean that they dont package it in anyway. This accelerates adoption, since it gets out of your way - and later when you mature as a developer, you can of course customize it wildly. It may or may not also have the happy side-effect that the quality of the packaged libraries increase, because of a much larger user-base. I'd much rather that people fork mature libraries than hack the one-millionth version of an XML library that just does 2 things. thanks... this is something really interesting Actually, I am interested to know how much does it cost to get a hardware PROTOTYPE built. Say, if I have a really cool idea about a new 3g device , how much would it cost me to get it prototyped - what happens to the intellectual property rights in that case. Is it shared ownership or do I own all IP ? Anybody have any idea about pricepoints... Here is a zshrc with almost zero switching cost - especially with the esc-backspace behavior for path deletes, setenv declarations and integration with Ubuntu's command-not-found. Additionally, it displays the version-control information of a directory (works for svn, git, etc.) http://sandeep.wordpress.com/zshrc/ Which OCR - opensource or paid? What was your flow ? Its the only GUI which supports svn+ssh . TortoiseSVN is (was?) extremely clunky in this respect. We host our repository on a Linode slice and our developers work on various OSes. Since it is Java based, it basically runs on Linux, Win, Mac. Anybody know of any other alternative ? People dont know about this - but another company in Delhi (India) : Routeguru.com, does this too. But I guess you cant beat the mothership - even with a headstart. why is it in Ruby? As opposed to, say, Clojure or Scala ? Talking of Gobo and 0install - I am surprised nobody has mentioned Nix ( http://nixos.org/ ). The aspect of Nix which is relevant to "versioned OS" is the package configuration database which can be snapshotted ( http://lwn.net/Articles/337677/ ). In this approach, the static parts of a configuration —software packages, configuration files, control scripts— are built from pure functions, i.e., the results depend solely on the specified inputs of the function and are immutable. As a result, realising a system configuration becomes deterministic and reproducible. Upgrading to a new configuration is mostly atomic and doesn't overwrite anything of the old configuration, thus enabling rollbacks. I recently wanted to install the same configuration as my Ubuntu laptop, on a desktop. The thread to list manually-installed packages in Ubuntu is huge and has no deterministic answer. Perhaps, a manager like Nix could have accorded me this flexibility. Here's something that I am using (on Ubuntu FYI) - http://www.ecofont.eu/ecofont_en.html This is the Spranq Eco Font . It's a TTF font, designed with holes (invisible to the naked eye) that saves printer ink ... they claim 20% lesser ink, I havent benchmarked my usage. The ecofont Pro is a software (rather than a font) that punches holes into any font of your choice - dunno about its compatibility with Linux/OpenOffice, so havent tried it. OK I'm confused now.. I think what the commenter meant was the cathedral vs the bazaar model of development. Would'nt FreeBSD, NetBSD, etc all be in the same boat as Linux? Granted that Linux has a benevolent-dictator-aka-linus, but that does not make it deviate too much from the bazaar model. For all its flaws, git (and github) are becoming the preferred choice of hackers everywhere - I'm not staunchly one of them yet, but I can see the charm. Git only enhances the distributed development model that all *nixes are built upon. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. >I'm not sure why you'd say that is. That was my attempt at classifying the corporate umbrella of Solaris to be THE cathedral vs the bazaar of Linux ... and, as you say, the middle ground of FreeBSD. I dont have context here, but it was very surprising to read your comment about FreeBSD being closer to the cathedral model. I was aware of GCC and Emacs being unapologetically so, but I thought BSD had a more open development model - the myriad flavors of BSD being a proof of that. anyone know what kind of development work do they need ? It would be helpful to know what are they looking for - and whether we can contribute, with our specific skillset patent infringement ? could you elaborate how - I mean, if a developer uses their API to create a product tailored around IVR, could it infringe? Or is it at the infrastructure level? what about Honda vs.... I dont know.. Detroit ? That is a good example of manufacturing companies winning on cost. hmm.. quite interesting. I wonder which scheduler did they use - cron based or roll-your-own using Erlang, Scala or something hmm.. boxee could use something like this. ActiveResource ? http://api.rubyonrails.org/files/vendor/rails/activeresource... i concur - as of now, scaling up could (but not necessarily ) mean having a captive outsourced team and capitalizing on your brand. interesting... do you think the view-first model of Java frameworks like Scala/Lift would make it more attractive ? my primary barrier is maven (I'm coming from Ruby and gems). I wonder why the sbaz (Scala-Bazaar package manager) is not the default, rather than maven. it would be interesting to see LuaJIT as part of LuaTex. Super fast desktop publishing FTW ! Linux 64-bit Sunspider benchmarks FF 3.6 x86_64: 2940 ms Chromium x86_64 : 656 ms enuff said I'm wondering the same thing too - how did they build this ? ZFS (after pool ver. 21 I suppose) has deduplication - are they building on something similar ? Partial checkouts. I used to work in the semiconductor industry, where HDL Netlists can go upto several GB. If you are in the EDA industry and you need to test your tool on a Netlist or two, you dont want to be checking out the entire test-tree. I suppose partial checkouts are critical for several other fields - for e.g. take a look at a similar request for Mercurial ( http://mercurial.selenic.com/bts/issue105 ) Message 8102: Two of the features that made it difficult to 'sell' Hg for the main SCM of FreeBSD were the lack of partial checkouts and partial history And because of the way legacy code is structured, this gives rise to issues like this one - http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MRELEASE-457 For several use cases, this is a highly critical feature and the reason that SVN may win over finally - perhaps as SVK (svn's distributed revision control fork) The transition from cvs to svn happened very quickly, to the extent that it is now the predominant SCM. The migration tools are robust today, but they were not so a couple of years back - which is why it is even more suprising that people were willing to undergo the cvs2svn pain but are not willing to do the relatively painless 'git svn clone'. Maybe git truly doesnt suffice in a LOT of situations. +1 I think google would happily subsidize the cost of H.264 end-user licenses for the 100 million or so unique visitors that it had in Jan 2009. But I think it is going to be cheaper for them to spend a 100 million or so and buy out a top-end video codec developer and release the codec as open source.... or did they ? I did'nt know about this, but +1 to you. It would be interesting if this could be brought to Gruber and/or Adobe's attention. wow! dude.. save the earth. Choose the config with the lesser power consumption. that goes hand in hand with your package. I run only linux in all my machines - but I think that until KDE can get a decent network manager up and working or UVC webcams start working out-of-the-box, I dont see an Apple like presentation. One area in particular where iPhone web apps fall short of native iPhone apps is scrolling. This friction might make sense for regular web pages rendered on the iPhone’s small screen, where by “regular” I mean “not optimized specifically for display on the iPhone”. But it just feels slow — stuck — on iPhone-optimized apps. That was the Daring Fireball page on PastryKit I was replying to your question about why it is sometimes better to have a native app, even though you may not need direct access to hardware - user experience is another factor. Do understand that such a kind of experience may be deliverable today, with PastryKit or whatever someone else develops, but Apple can break this compatibility (which it cant do with its native SDK). A new business model may exist where developers make advertising money off free iphone webapps. It is extremely naiive to believe that Apple will allow you to deliver the same user experience by bypassing the App Store. not me - though I wrote in. Chrome/Linux works beautifully. I wonder now. in 3 years will we see a port Half Life 2's Source engine (with all its physics puzzles) on Chrome! please file a bug - this should not happen I hope what will replace Kenai will be similar to github and rubygems. That will probably mean a package manager like leiningen. There is a google spreadsheet benchmark ( http://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AlX1n8WSRNJWdGNQME5B... ) released by one of the developers of ZFS-Fuse. Makes for interesting reading, since it confirms this benchmark. but on Linux and shows comparable results with Solaris ZFS benchmarks. And SSD + linux BLOWS everything else away http://jerakeen.org/notes/2010/01/yay-more-email-clients/ The Android GMail client is a perfect example of what a client looks like in this world. It talks to the (secret / private) GMail API, it does offline mail reading, and queues actions so you can archive / filter / whatever mails while offline and it’ll push changes later. You can read and write mail. It doesn’t try to do anything clever, because anything clever done on one client isn’t reproduced on any other client. And if I don’t have a client on my current computer for GMail, I can use a web browser, and still get all the features of the server. I use the web gmail interface for everything anyway, because it’s better than any GUI client I’ve got. I dont know - this guy makes for pretty convincing arguments on why email should be done right on the server rather than the client. Which effectively means a new protocol. reMAP claims to treat conversations as first class objects. Given suitable APIs on top, I think you could build different views on different email clients. I think what is meant by a new protocol and server innovation is a change in the data model. I do not believe they are going to dictate views. confirmed - and nowhere is this more apparent than when dating/getting married. I have seen veritable geeks give in to the (strongly family enforced) sentiment of rejecting partners from different castes - it's not so much as marrying into a lower caste, as it is about marrying into a different caste. I am seeing lesser and lesser people even knowing about the relative positioning of castes - however their cognizance of being a different caste still holds. very nice - someone who has used sup should put it up on wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_e-mail_clients ). I see every other client - mutt, pine, etc. there Also check out Cherokee - http://www.cherokee-project.com/ - has a lot of similar features as nginx (small and fast), but also has a saner development model, public SCM, a bug tracker (!!!) and a friendlier dev team. Among the most famous sites using Cherokee are the (recently hyped) chatroulette.com and Lawrence Lessig's web properties. bug filed - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-power-manage... Could you elaborate on your setup ? In particular how does it compare to a modem feeding into a managed switch. Are you building a small-form-factor computer running pfsense (or something) with a wireless radio baked in ? same here - I just wish skype (with webcams) was better supported. For a lot of people (and businesses), that is a blocker. I managed to get a UVC webcam, but still had to get a PPA v4l repository and build some drivers. I think it is good that ipods will be supported out-of-the-box in Lucid (Rhythmbox). The same should happen for Skype. On that front, one should get rid of all the useless games and instead have : 1. a nice Twitter app 2.Scrivener-like app These are killer apps for a lot of people who use a Mac - especially the young student demographic. I used Droid for a long time and now am using Cantarell (another GPL font) for my interface... along with Inconsolata for monospace. IMHO, the UI aspect that makes the single biggest impact is high resolution icons. Take a look at the 512X512 OSX icons (or Win 7 ones) and compare them with Ubuntu ones. I think moving the top buttons is a terrible idea It is hard to think straight when one is out of a job and running on fumes for a couple of months - I do believe that most people will not think in terms of "hey this VC is not good, cos he does'nt get it". Most will think in terms of "how should I rehearse in front of the mirror, so that I knock the VC's socks off". But yes, the article is good reality check - maybe it is much more relevant on your second startup when, usually, money is relatively easier to come by. if you are clever with HN search, you will find a thread written almost a year back where a CTO talked about being sidelined by a VP-Engineering. The best thing I learned from that was, as a CTO you have to "measure everything and control the conversation" EDIT: got that for ya - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=509571 what about avro ? http://hadoop.apache.org/avro/ "pip install avro" That is'nt very surprising for a person working the semiconductor design industry. Actually there are no AND/OR/NOT gates fabricated on a modern IC. They are all NAND gates, since they have better electrical characteristics and are Universal Gates (they can form AND/OR/NOT gates in some combination). What is surprising is that they used NOR gates - while they are Universal Gates as well, their fabrication apparently leads to poorer electrical properties. oh wow.. I had completely forgotten about RTL. Thanks for the explanation. That is actually a very valid question - anyone know the stack similar to rabbitmq server + celeryd , but built around zeromq ? upvoted.. There are so many important things that dont work - * out of the box webcam support, * remote desktop to manage Windows Server machines, * IPV6 support that doesnt slow down my browsing ( https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/lucid/+source/eglibc/+bug/... ), * something like Scrivener for linux and a bit more decent Office format support. Along with decent H.264 support, the above are some of the things that I am willing to pay for - yet what Shuttleworth does with Ubuntu is left side buttons. rdesktop works only for RDP v5.1 - that means Windows Server 2003 onwards (if they have RDP TLS enabled) cannot be accessed using rdesktop Please add support for pip - it really makes life easy. seconded - please file bugs atleast. Or help in debugging. A lot of bugs, by a lot of people, are about their particular hardware not working. Please atleast install debugging symbols/packages and submit better bug reports. Ubuntu developers dont have access to _all_ varieties of hardware. Yes, delays do happen - but help the developers in helping you. Better stacktraces, log files, even debugging-enabled-but-slow-Ubuntu helps in fixing issues. the autopackage site has no (easily) locatable links that compare it with new installation systems like 0-install, Nix. Can you comment on what advantages does autopackage have over other package managers. Correct me if I'm wrong, but all package managers are essentially cross distro - I can run rpm/yum on my Ubuntu machine. And a google search turns up .... umm.. this - http://kitenet.net/~joey/blog/entry/autopackage_designed_by_... ditto on the USB3 - I think 2011 will have a whole slew of products (most importantly, displays) based on USB 3. I think the best powerhouse laptop is the Dell M6500 with 1GB ATI m7740 or 1GB nvidia FX3800M + USB3.0 options. The worst part is that the macbook pro has a max memory capacity of 8GB, while the M6500 has a 16GB DDR3 top capacity. No brainer IMHO. is there any good non-commandline way of using git on windows osx and linux ? SmartGit comes to mind, but what are you guys using ? upvotes for zotero - unfortunately, I have moved on to Chrome and zotero dont workee in Chrome. upvoted for powerball... it should be standard working equipment along with a Microsoft ergonomic keyboard (quit typing on that laptop RIGHT NOW) and a good mouse. These exercises ( http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2009/04/exercises-that-protect-... ) also help though they are for carpal tunnel. http://mercurial.selenic.com/bts/issue105 Two of the features that made it difficult to 'sell' Hg for the main SCM of FreeBSD were the lack of Partial checkouts and Partial history Bitkeeper (the SCM that git was "inspired" from), claims good support for large binary assets BAM solves this problem with a hybrid approach. BAM adds the concept of one or more BAM servers. Each BAM server contain all BAM data, but clones of the server (work spaces) contain only that data that the user requests. Typically this is the most recent version of each binary but in some cases it may even be less than that. BAM has been successfully deployed in the game development space with great success. Game developers continue to enjoy the benefits of distributed work flow without the penalty of carrying all versions in every workspace. have you figured out how to set up the whole toolchain of scipy + lapack + GotoBLAS (or something) ? My favorite of them all is the one by JJ at Graphicology (the one with a verbose text). I think a lot of the tickets are expensive (given the large size fonts and I'm not sure but large blocks of even black ink). The one with JJ is so, so easy to understand and maintains ink cost. "mindfulness meditation" = vipassana http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=587032 but would'nt that affect even the older tickets, because section title (e.g. Seat number, etc.) would also be in english. Given the popularity of smartphones and dictionaries, I think I can punch in that text and get back a reasonable understanding of what the ticket means - rather than a non-verbose ticket with English section markings and roman numerals (no - the entire world doesnt use Roman numerals) If you take a look at that ticket again: the only data that is variable-sized, is on a separate line - viz the Full Name of the passenger. I do not think the positions of any other information would ever change - which means it would be staff friendly. what are advantages of wget over curl - warm, fuzzy feeling aside ? upvoted. This is a very valid question - the system tray imho is just a moniker for a 16x16 icon. I would want the ability to either minimize any app to a normal toolbar or dock to a system tray. The problem with having different menus for different categories is that it optimizes the use case where a person has Bittorrent, IM, music and 10 different things in the background versus a person who only has one. The person with only one background service will see unnecessary cluttering with different kinds of menus. Take a look at the forums, a significantly large number of them ask about how to remove the messaging menu (because they dont use it) In addition, I have a clipboard manager in the system-tray. Which menu does that come under ? screenshot or it didnt happen. very true - take a look at the Klassik theme combined with Skulpture. I really wish someone would make a better theme - gnome themes look so much better. Would'nt the pypy project's self-hosting interpreter be helpful for Jython ? just do try mrxvt for the terminal. it is even faster, even more configurable and has true tabs (unlike urxvt with its perl bindings) I really feel it is the best of the breed of lightweight terminals - unfortunately development has slowed, so it doesnt have full unicode support. I feel the same way as you do... until I realized that for the vast majority of consumers FM I did'nt know until you mentioned it here. Fail! upvoted. We buy our linux-based office software (we do NOT use OpenOffice). There should be more paid-for apps that are of much better quality than what's available. I believe that Linux (or some distro) should incorporate licensing/DRM into the OS itself - which you have the freedom to turn on or off. More or less, it means an app store, but indie developers will not have to worry about building licensing into their software. Go with Dell XPS or Precision laptops - they are usually fully supported by Dell and are quite good hardware (USB 3.0, 16GB max RAM) Dell has incredible compatibility with Linux - somehow a lot of Dell specific utilities have ended up in Ubuntu (e.g. firmware-addon-dell for BIOS handling, dell-recovery for creating Dells specific recover ISO, etc.) Dell's support pages have a lot of info on advanced processes (bios flashing, etc.) from Linux - http://linux.dell.com/projects.shtml Softmaker - mind you that we need it mainly for the spreadsheet, but I think the presentation software is also quite decent.Note that they dont have very good compatibility with ODF (sigh...). The license is extremely liberal. Because you need to jumpstart the paid-apps ecosystem. I am not talking about approval processes, but something more on the lines of an Android app store than an iphone one. What you get by that is : 1. signed software 2. small time developers dont have to worry about licensing 3. Distribution channel 4. Payment gateway The windows or the mac system was never built on the basis of a package management system, which Linux inherently has. Dont we _already_ have an app store in Linux? Only, there is no way for a developer to make money off Apt or Yum. upvoted for pacman. I actually have only tried arch at a friend's place, because for some anal reason Arch does not provide livecds. Only a command shell from where you must build your system up, which is quite a pain. But I have only heard good things about pacman (and it's ultra simple package format). It enables Arch's rolling releases model, which means that you are always up2date without having to go from Beserking Baboon to Chittering Chimpanzee. It is a much saner model for a stable, usable desktop system. If you can manage to combine this with a kernel update technology like ksplice, you have a super stable, updated Linux desktop without ever having to reboot (which makes the whole splash screen effort quite pointless actually) No it does'nt, but it is DRM all the same. If you were an app maker, why would you prefer a closed source DRM, than an open-source security model in the OS ? I just dont get it: everyone likes Steam, but they dont like DRM in the OS - is it something so distasteful that a computer gets tainted by built in DRM ? And then you will find someone who gets pissed off with Steam, goes looking for alternatives... and the consumer ends up with 10 different kinds of app-store software (on Windows, I have Direct2Drive, Steam and StarForce for different games) I dont know how it can be managed with a built-in DRM, but I suspect something like a PPA (Personal Package Archives) would enable everyone to self-publish their software, yet still be part of a web-of-trust model. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=809493 use pip to manage this: pip -E INST install hg-git export PYTHONPATH=$PWD/INST/lib/python2.6/site-packages At this point you can use "hggit =" in your hgrc Enjoy. Two big reasons to not upgrade - if you are on any hardware other than Intel graphics, then your experience is screwed (since opensource nvidia driver is enabled by default, for getting KMS and Plymouth to work). The problems include bad graphics, no resume after suspend, etc. Two: 2.6.32 lucid kernel has huge backported patches (especially the DRM code). IMHO, the better kernel is going to be 2.6.33 and later (what with Linus fixing really quirky issues http://lwn.net/Articles/383162/ ) hmmm.. what distro is this ? Because AFAIK, ubuntu distros (and maybe redhat/fedora even) suffer from multisecond delays due to ipv6 lookups - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/lucid/+source/eglibc/+bug/... I thought this article had some solution to that (other than disabling ipv6, right now) - but dont think so I have a question - I am a linux user and am willing to pay a few dollars to get a patent-encumbered, high quality decoder - if it allows me to watch high def entertainment with low enough internet bandwidth expenditure. Is it that a vast majority of Linux users are unwilling to _pay_ : for content and software ? If it is as I suspect, then it could easily sound a death knell for media consumption on Linux. I wonder how much sooner would we have had Linux hardware-assisted H.264 playback (ffmpeg, vlc), if there money to be made off them. H.264 is evil for content producers - for content consumers, if (and _only_ if) the quality of H.264 >>>>>>>>>> Theora, then I can see why we would have to pay for it. I am not sure why this particular UI layout (and the infamous left-side buttons were at all necessary). There is another equally viable alternative, without all the complex re-engineering needed for "client side window decorations". let the window controls and buttons stay as they were pre-lucid. The left side button – the window control menu – will glow/shine when the application window has updated a status. Clicking on the window control button will show a drop down that has (in addition to the “To Desktop”,”Resize”, “Maximize”, etc.) an alerts subsection. Clicking on the events in the alerts subsection will behave exactly the way windicators work in the above design. Cons: rather than have all indicators in front of you at all times, you have to take the bother of clicking the window control button (or press alt-spacebar). Pros: My mother doesnt need to be puzzled about what the green shiny button is supposed to indicate, in the drop down, I can have text as well as an icon. With Chromium on linux, and ffmpeg-nonfree, this is the only player that works _reasonably_ well. Seeking is still a little borked for me and unreliable. Youtube' html5 player, jillion's player, etc. dont work reliably for me. I'm not sure whether that is chiefly due to difference of the encoded video itself. how does this compare with Beanstalk ? Just a suggestion - say if I skip ahead to the 20'th page, then Scribd will load all 19 pages and the 20'th page. That might not really be necessary and it does make the loading slower. chromium on linux - I skip ahead by clicking the small dashed bar (which has as many dashes as pages) Next time do try ZFS on Fuse (linux userspace filesystem) - I have a 1TB setup and it works quite well. You could try making a RAIDZ volume and see how it goes. Hey guys - this is a serious question : what is the alternative. Is there anything that provides 80% of the features of Wordpress at significantly higher security ? What about Textpattern ( php), Movable Type (perl+php), Expression Engine (php), Mephisto (ror), Type (ror)... what ? why would it be better than say fingerprints ? Is it the fact that fingerprints, or retinal scan cannot be cheaply integrated into a mobile phone... while this can be? So does Mercurial - Matt Mackall explained vulnerabilities (or lack thereof) in using SHA-1 http://selenic.com/pipermail/mercurial/2009-April/025526.htm... this is roughly the problem that KDE's Nepomuk (and its ontology) is tryin to solve. Though their implementation is a resource hog. Please, the needs of a multi-lingual Asian government is vastly different from, what is popularly construed, the popular choice. For e.g. Harfbuzz - the unified text layout engine for Linux. The competing technology is SIL-Graphite, which supports Smartfonts and compound alphabets. So what does Harfbuzz say ? For established scripts though, there is not much reason to prefer Graphite over OpenType. I am Indian and support this exercise - maybe 90% of it will be waste, maybe 10% wont be. Maybe finally we will have a Linux Desktop Summit in India, which is potentially the biggest market for open source software. use http URLs instead of hg:// We always (eventually) run into problems with Wikis, since we always end up with huge PDF or XLS files that we want to add to wikis. Currently, we are using Dropbox as a replacement for our wiki Is this a replacement for stuff like Python's eventlet, etc. ? I mean, if I am not building a web-app (but a network app nevertheless), does it still make sense to use Node.js ? For example, someone wrote the same example in eventlet, gevent, node.js, eventmachine, tornado and twisted. http://gist.github.com/376416 it's pretty obvious how to use gevent from your python code, how does one use node.js (without resorting to web frameworks, like Django etc.) what is the performance as compared to Enterprise Edition ? How does this compare to ActiveMerchant ? Why is git still a collection of bash scripts ? Does nobody care enough to wrap the core into a library (yes, i do know about the glacial libgit2 project) and put a Python/Ruby/Lua interface over it ? Dulwich exists, but it is not a drop-in replacement. When will I get a true platform independent Git (none of the msysgit stuff) ? I cant find the resource, but sometime back someone compared DVCS for large binary files (game assets) and saw they were absolutely inefficient .. and in several case incapable of handling large files we have selenium testcases that need to be run on IE. We need to have a revision control on windows. Please dont be dismissive of windows just because you can, some of us have to make a living. Is there a possibility/experiment, that the linux kernel be built using llvm ? As I understand, there is a lot of GCC specific code. What about Boost strings - http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_39_0/doc/html/string_algo.ht... and RE2 for regex - http://code.google.com/p/re2/ No comments about the Lift framework ? FourSquare uses it Any recommendations about what is a good printer to buy TODAY ? -monochrome laser -zeroconf -separate print head -long lasting toner upvoted - especially the large image (one of the links on Wikipedia) that draws a graph of the "events". Ever try qBittorrent? its very light(QT + C++) and low on resource use. It was the first linux client to build support for magnet links. I like it for its excellent torrent search. It is available in more than 25 languages and is also available as a Mac client. Oh and its open source. not sure whether you knew it or not - but peer id spoofing (as uTorrent) was added because it was being banned on several trackers. Take a look at the bug to see a few examples https://bugs.launchpad.net/qbittorrent/+bug/497450 I think most private trackers allow Ktorrent and Transmission as they are considered defacto. Question - is there a bug for this on Android ? if not, I suggest someone file it (I dont have Android.. yet). There are the Indian Golkonda diamonds - they are the legendary mines from where some of the most famous and treacherous diamonds were mined ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golkonda#Diamonds ) - or the Panna diamonds, but I would be very surprised if there wasn'nt a De Beers hand in there somewhere. thank you! Since the documentation is'nt working, here's one question - is there anything similar to Leiningen for Clojure or , to a lesser extent, SBT for scala ? does using Rietveld mean that one has to use the app-engine ? I also want to present the counter viewppoint - http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2010/03/why-ad-blocking... Newspapers were dying because nobody wanted to pay for news, which they could get for free at Google News. Newspapers were told to suck it up and instead move online - to an ad supported model. No more ads. I dont think the newspapers are the bad guy here. The good laptops (often classified as gaming laptops) are made by ODMs (like Sager, Clevo and MSI) and resold by small boutique laptop sellers powernotebooks, xoticpc, etc are the ones with good reputation on notebookforums. Typically these sellers allow you to customize down to the thermal compound on the processors. The VoodooPC notebooks a.k.a HP Envy is quite good too - check out the 16GB RAM capacity for future-proofing. isnt sony the one that deliberately disables vt-x extensions ? http://levicki.net/articles/tips/2009/02/20/HOWTO_Enable_Int... Given the existence of Incanter+Clojure plus the Leiningen project (similar to R's inbuilt package management) - how does R compete? Especially considering primitive types support in Clojure - http://groups.google.com/group/clojure/browse_thread/thread/... why does it just have to be books - I can see a usecase for classnotes. Have a scanner in the hallway of your school or college - at the end of the day, scan all your notes and drop the paper in the shredder to be recycled. This would take barely 30 seconds. I use Monofur on my terminal and Anonymous Pro for my editor (distributed under the Open Font License) Anonymous Pro includes embedded bitmaps for specific sizes. http://www.engadget.com/2010/03/29/exclusive-android-froyo-t... Android Froyo onwards, a lot of system apps are going to be downloadable separately, just so that you dont have to wait for your service provider to build an OTA update for you. has the Android market opened up paid apps outside the U.S. ? how does this compare to leiningen, which i believe does a lot of similar things ? More than syntax, I think the bigger issue is "thinking in clojure". There have been far too many tutorials about Clojure-for-Ruby-users, etc etc. But the problem is that clojure _strongly_ eschews object-oriented programming. But ActiveRecord and Django ORM are (or pretend to be) object-oriented. Therefore, there is a strong mismatch conceptually (e.g. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3067261/how-does-one-mode... ). More than an IDE, there is a strong need to migrate _thinking_ from Rails/Django, etc. to Clojure. buy one that is supported by Cyanogenmod. Period. This will reasonably guarantee you that you wont be left out in the cold, when the new ubercool Android release is out. In general, I have found Cyanogen releases to be better in terms of flexibility as well (CyanoGen "Spare Parts" app) As on today, the options are Nexus One, G1/Magic, Desire, Evo, Droid, Slide, Hero (maybe only CDMA) They also have an open-source code repository for some web applications that they are trying to build. http://code.google.com/p/khanacademy/ I daresay that they could use technical help from all the web/javascript gurus out there. Wordpress. Most widely used blog engine (CMS?) in the world - only MySQL. http://codex.wordpress.org/Using_Alternative_Databases Drupal is probably one of the few PHP CMS that work with PG - http://geek.joshwaihi.com/content/drupal-7-postgresql-suppor... Harfbuzz really sucks at asian fonts because of compound alphabets ( http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&... ) SIL Graphite smartfont technology is probably better suited for this - but I dont think that anyone considers that important enough.. even though there are all indications that Asia might be the biggest market for Linux. I run a boutique outsourcing company in India - we have been working (for some time actually) for 3 venture funded startups in silicon valley. This has mostly worked because in all of these startups, we engaged through people whom we are linked to through our past professional lives - we dont do odesk or any of that stuff. What has also helped is that we try to spend a couple of weeks at the client's site, which helps us to understand the culture as much as the technology. But what was key, as I later learned, was to get the clients to interview and choose from among our employees themselves (or hire new one) run your outsourcing team just as tightly knit as you would run an offshore development team - talk to developers (not just project managers) directly and you should be fine! Also, TCP/IP stack hardening http://www.cromwell-intl.com/security/security-stack-hardeni... +1 This ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1239067 ) is a question that I posed to Ubuntu brainstorm. The font hinting and rendering patents (held by Apple/Microsoft) are supposedly expired, therefore opening up the way for Freetype to jump ahead by leaps and bounds. Maybe a little money could be spent on patent due diligence. Are you talking about complex desktop/platform games or the whole social gaming phenomenon ? Here's an interesting article by Tobolds ( http://tobolds.blogspot.com/2010/07/another-theory-of-fun.ht... ) where he describes how the Metaplace virtual environment founder - Ralph Koster - turned around, created Facebook games and sold them for a pile of money to Playdom. The question is, if indeed you are going the low-tech-but-flavor-of-the-month social games route, would you consider things like outsourcing your tech ? If yes, then becoming a small but successful game studio means that you can drop #1 off the list. disclaimer: I run a outsourcing gig, that works on social games amongst other things Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress, phpbb, vbulletin, invision power board:: Together they are 99% of online communities + personal websites. If you want to use any of them. Then it is php. I may not particularly like PHP, but to deliver projects in reasonable time, you may have to leverage PHP The question is this - suppose you had to work with not-so-great developers or, more realistically, young freshers to software development ? would agile help as compared to not having agile then ? If yes, then what is the simplest methodology (books? blog post?) that is effective ? Anybody know how will the performance be w.r.t large binary assets? Git and Mercurial are notoriously handicapped there. and in the freezer http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-_and_left-hand_traffic#Sa... I always believed that driving on the left-hand side was safer because, a majority of the world's population is right handed. So, you want your good hand on the wheel, when you are changing the radio or using your stick-shift. Other than for legacy reasons, right hand driving is harder than left hand. The easiest way to illustrate this is to learn to drive the stick-shift: it is easier on a left hand drive car (with your left hand on the stick-shift) rather than a right hand drive car this is something that I wish would change - not being completely tied to MySQL. Concrete5 is tied to MySQL ... Webvanta looks like Ruby ( http://www.webvanta.com/technology ), so should work fine with PG Not sure about Zotonic. With a live snapshot, doesnt MySQL performance take a massive hit ? I have seen benchmark numbers from the MySQL Performance Blog people.