Agreed. We should be paid much more for building these apps that transfer so much wealth to investors. As far as I can tell the folks who do the actual work of making software companies money receive far too small a share of the proceeds. Bernie's fans aren't liberals in the sense of the word as describes Democrats who are "liberal" (please see: "New Democrats", "Democratic Leadership Council"). Possibly. Also, due to the nature of trading, they may have been wiped out in this hypothetical "reverse all trades" scenario before they were in reality. For example, they could have had one potent stochastic windfall early in their career that, had it gone the other way, would have wiped them out. The workers ("staffed") in the FDA are (mostly, probably) people who want to help but the bureaucrats in charge are part of the political system (e.g. lobbyists, political insiders, etc.). I think you're conflating the workers of the FDA with the people who, ultimately, guide it and make decisions. This isn't to say the leadership of the FDA is compromised by or somehow beholden to "Big Pharma" or some such. I certainly wouldn't disagree that we need rigorous demonstrations of efficacy and safety for medicines and devices, but I question in what manner and capacity the FDA is actually structured to pursue that end. Surely you're exaggerating. You can create a toy program or even a very basic (most likely web-based application) that solves some problem in a weekend, but there really are very few lucrative companies or ideas that can be accurately "tried out" in a single weekend. If these companies are "seed" stage companies, then I'd argue it isn't that any bar has been raised, but that "seed" has come to mean something entirely different. Any company that has $800k MRR is (well) past seed-stage. What users want is the same thing consumers of products have wanted forever: to pay the least and get the most they can. The whole "free with in-app purchases" model was driven by users' unwillingness to pay for apps. So in some sense this nickel-and-dime thing is a self-inflicted wound. On the other hand, (we) developers ought to be smart enough to figure out how to handle that. Have you heard of the term/phrase "bro science" with respect to weight lifting? I'd draw an analogy between them. Clarification: what I mean is there is a lot of ad-hoc stuff in these blogs that may be narrowly true or applicable to a given project or subset of a domain, but generally there is either significant evidence against some of these blogs' contents or the contents themselves have absolutely no formal, rigorous support. I'm not entirely in agreement. Use of object-oriented programming paradigms here would merely distribute the logic that is necessary to achieve the desired mapping over multiple points in the code. The example function presented is only marginally too complicated. I'd split it in two: one to obtain the book list given the same arguments as the example function, and one taking the result as its only argument to build the mapping. I find myself shying away from rigorous adherence to encapsulation more and more these days. I prefer small functions that operate on data explicitly. Edit: and I'm a bit confused how the example has anything to do with "JSON-driven development", other than the coincidence that a hash/dictionary is the core data structure being manipulated here. This example function could exist and be (mostly) reasonable had JSON never existed. I'd expect to see an argument that the JSON serialization schemes that abound are problematic, given the title. Sometimes many different values are related to each other and it is useful to keep them close together for explicitness (and other reasons). And better testability. Writing the code with the assumption that a key will change is on the same level with premature optimization, in my opinion. It might be reasonable to make the assumption for some keys. In these cases a function taking the data and key as arguments and returning the value is sufficient and appropriate. Frankly, if the code base is so littered with references to that specific data and key combination it might actually indicate a poor design. I don't have a GitHub (bitbucket, etc.) account, can't remember the last time I contributed to any open source project, and have very few hobby programs I work on outside of my job. Yet somehow I'm consistently rated very highly by my peers, to the point where I have significant influence on the technical direction of projects I work on. The reason I don't have hobby projects or dev social media accounts is this: by the time I get home, I have a spouse and two children who I have a life with outside of programming. I frankly don't have time to work on hobby programming outside of work to the level of sophistication that rises to the sort I'd feel comfortable showing in an interview. And picking some random toy project that does would quickly reveal how little I care about it. Edit for clarity: that said, I think this level of transparency is fantastic. I have nothing negative to say about it. I agree with the person you're responding to, mostly, in that not every developer (of any skill, including "rockstar", "10x" etc.) is compatible with every company. Filters like these help both parties make that determination before either wastes too much time, and I appreciate the transparency. I wish more companies were more honest about things like this. Of course, I've been on the interviewer side plenty, and have many times wished for more honesty in a candidate. It's possible, but it's much more likely that our society's embedded and implicit racism influenced her perception of the man. Laws still require enforcement. And from what I've seen California is a bit over-hyped in many ways, including how liberal/progressive it is, how hard it is to start and run a business, and how well it protects employees. This treats rights (legal) as though they were laws of nature. I have yet to see convincing data or argument supporting this notion. There is ample evidence from history that the legal construct called "rights" is in fact not absolute at all. In fact, all the data we have suggest that "rights" are in fact provided by the government. The mechanisms differ (e.g. the US's constitutional republic encodes government-defined rights in the Constitution and laws derived from it), but ultimately "rights" are something that people, in the forming of the government they live under, agree should exist. My experience is that startups uniformly pay less (significantly in some cases) than established companies. They also (warning: anecdata) fudge the pay schemes, doing thinks like counting a hiring bonus which can be clawed back as part of salary, or running a "stock options/equity" scam, etc. Controversial statement: the number of actual, honest-to-god "10x developers" that exist in specific, narrow domains or contexts is so small that using them as a standard of comparison in any context (including their domains) is complete nonsense, and the number relative to the entire population of developers is so small that one can do just spectacularly well acting as if such a creature doesn't even exist. I find it refreshing, as a near-40 year old who's been in the industry for over 10 years, that there is finally movement against the absurd notion that one must spend more than a couple of years at most (or all) their jobs in order to be taken seriously. There are two extremes. The one you point out leads to developers with lots of breadth and no depth. But the other is still the industry standard today: one that values depth in a particular (and possibly completely irrelevant outside of the company) domain. I hope we keep moving towards the middle of the two. No doubt. I've even encountered somebody who stomped his feet and said they weren't going to write test code for QA because that was beneath them. I think that's because the entire industry devalues both QA/testing and maintenance. Even in places that aren't the Valley these two roles are given a lower social status than other developer roles. The budgets and recognition for teams in both domains is typically much smaller than others, and QA especially is usually among the first on the chopping block during a retrenchment. We as a whole have made these roles seem less valuable and less values, so to me it's not surprising that folks don't want to do them. That a person is familiar with a framework doesn't guarantee they'll require significantly less learning for a company's particular project. In fact I'd argue that if one's use of a framework makes the learning curve so small, the project is probably not that complicated in the first place. That was an interesting read. I wish people in our industry were less hostile to the notion that luck plays a large role in determining success. Could you explain how that isn't circular? As I see it, opportunity is infrequently in one's control. Whether one can take advantage of it is less infrequent, but still often enough outside of one's control. The only thing about opportunity that isn't heavily influenced by luck is whether, having the means, one takes advantage of the opportunity. My point was that you're kind of defining luck as a form of opportunity, which is itself a product of chance. I think maybe you're just describing luck in different terms without altering what is meant by the concept. How is your explanation better? What studies and research support that? Yes, which is one reason why I think of the system in the US as being very much closer to a fascist system than many or most are comfortable contemplating. It's not like the federal and state governments dictate taxation and revenue (entirely), take their cut and leave the rest with local governments. Local governments can raise revenue with various kinds of taxes independently of rates and schedules at the Federal or State level. The real reason local governments typically lack resources for truly local needs is that the most vocal locals tend to be NIMBY typea and anti-tax types. I would also add a caution to constrain the scope of parallelism in the implementation to only those bits of code that actually benefit from it, and to be extra cautious when refactoring an existing serial implementation into a parallel algorithm. Plenty that you're missing: 1. At some point it's foreign money buying from other foreign owners who don't live there, and who use the proceeds to buy an even more costly money box/laundery 2. It reduces rental supply and prices out locals who then have to spend money on commuter expenses 3. Even if the above weren't true it's debatable how much of the purchase price actually flows into the local economy I want everyone to read and re-read your bit about data science and machine learning. Many times. I think even people in the software industry underestimate both how accurate and how difficult it is to employ statistics to produce something truly meaningful. My current job is on a data science team. I find it amusing that the business folks are able to sell our product, and then sigh to myself and do a little crying inside when I realize how it's possible. In the US there is a not small number of employers who take a very negative view of moonlighting. This is true in every industry, and in knowledge work industries like software it is compounded by a fear of IP theft. So whether it should be their business or not doesn't matter: they'll make it their business. Salary transparency is different from tax and income transparency, though. I agree that salary information should be more public. I'm not so sure individual income or other tax information should be. Depends on what you mean by experience. I'm skeptical, to say the least. No doubt there are 29 year olds who have been "coding" for 20 years and being paid for it for 13 of them. That's different from having experience. True, but companies don't care about those things, really, even in the supposedly developer-centric Bay Area. Just browse through any jobs thread or board, even (especially) the "Who's Hiring" HN thread. You're going to see a lot of "We're looking for an X developer" or "we're looking for a developer with Y years of experience in Stack X." Employers, even supposedly knowledgeable tech centric ones, routinely think the learning curve for a new stack or language is so great that they just can't risk even screening someone without specific experience. Not true outside of the Valley and other niche fields, like finance, and even in those places it isn't that often that folks retire early. The average salaries for developers tend to be higher across the board, but not "retire by 40 or even 50" higher. You represent the other extreme with your comment. Very few software projects have more than two or three years of "experience fertility," for the kind of experience you mean. There's a difference between someone who can't even last a year to get a project from prototype to some semblance of maturity and someone who wants to move on after one to two years when a project reaches the point at which maintenance overtakes new development. What's the difference between somebody who works on four different projects over 8 years for company X and somebody who works on four different projects for four different companies over the same period, in this context? It's unfortunate and also a terrible business model. In those cases it's clear the business isn't mature or ready enough to actually hire human beings, in my opinion. Not that I'd agree with their conclusion about who they need to hire anyway. There isn't an experienced developer out there who can't pick up the frameworks and languages (exceptions exist of course, e.g. for quirky languages like brainfuck or paradigm shifts like procedural to functional) these CRUD-by-other-names shops use within a week, and if their business is that close to failure without developer help they can't afford to be picky. No it's not. I see lots of Teslas around here but far more BMWs, followed closely by Audi and Mercedes. I see Priuses everywhere. And outside of the valley Teslas are very rare by comparison with any other brand. I spent the second half of my childhood there. Haven't been back since. I'll note that quantity is different from density (e.g. per capita) of ownership. And your point is? Possibly, if it were large enough scale to truly impact the supply of labor at a sufficiently lower price point to matter. There are a variety of remote work arrangements: 1) local employees who have employers with liberal work-from-home policies (they're "remote" when they don't commute in), 2) employees who are always remote, but still in-state (located in the same state as the employer), 3) employees who are always remote but still domestic (located in the US), 4) employees who are always remote and located internationally. The first two kinds of remote employee don't incur (much) additional cost to the employer. The third kind can incur non-trivial additional costs in the management of payroll (state income taxes, labor/unemployment fund requirements, etc.), especially if done at any scale. Larger companies can do this because they are already established in multiple states, but smaller ones tend to impose restrictions on where remote workers can live and even whether they're permitted to move to a new state and still remain employed. The last kind is a whole other ball of wax--it has the same tax and payroll management problems of the third kind, but additional complexity I'm sure. Then there is the additional overhead of managing remote teams. Having experienced being an "individual contributor" and coordinating with project management to manage remote teams I can assure you this is not a trivial thing and involves its own costs. So all these factors influence how much lower the salaries have to dip before they are worth it. Personally, I doubt remote work will impact salaries in this area much anytime soon. This is the most striking difference between software shops and, well, any other kind of engineering, this emphasis on "culture fit." There are lots of different components to culture. There is no rigor behind it, which is in contrast to the self-described emphasis on extreme logical rigor that the industry is allegedly built on. Why is there such an emphasis on "culture fit" in the software industry? This, too. Most startup compensation packages seem to be 20% (or more) below market rate + lottery tickets. For US workers that may very well run afoul of labor and tax laws (and in fact almost certainly does). For foreign ones it depends on their laws. Could you elaborate on why you think that would be useful? It's not stateless, either, in the same way it's not serverless (that is, it's somebody else's state). There are security and other issues that are important to consider when sending traffic over a network, and I find that calling this sort of thing "serverless" or "stateless" a bit misleading. I have to say that having used Slack for clients' projects and as part of a few political campaign teams, the primary value add is the organization of meta-information (files) in the same client as the chat service. I'm not sure I'd ever pay for that kind of service. Also I've never clicked on a Ryver ad. I read the blog post linked here, and while I find some merit in the idea that competition must be contrasted and that we're wired to focus on conflict, the aggressiveness is off-putting. Actually I would find a desktop client more appealing. I'm not a fan of browsers-as-poorly-functioning-userlands-on-userlands that seems to be the modern fad. Seek jobs for which a PhD is a minimum requirement, or else leave the fact that you have a PhD out of your application materials if you're dead set on jobs without that requirement (and it's possible to do). I've seen some success in both cases. Also consider that you may have some confidence/arrogance issues of your own. Not to be accusatory, and certainly I'm projecting a bit here, but having left my academic life behind some years ago, when I look back on it I see a certain arrogance in the pride of having a PhD that I'm embarrassed by now. If you're running into these problems for jobs that do list PhD as the minimum requirement, you should consider it a strong signal that avoiding working there is a net positive for you. And if you think you have it rough, try getting jobs after having dropped out of a PhD program a few years into it. For some reason, at least in the sphere of my friends and associates, this signals "quitter" and "not as smart as a PhD person". I've interviewed such candidates and I'd say it's a mixed bag with respect to whether I've preferred them over PhD candidates I've interviewed for jobs, but almost uniformly I've had one or more colleagues raise the question of said candidates' ability and determination. People (employers and PhD holders alike, really) need to understand that having a PhD is a strong signal for exactly three things, in this order: a person's willingness and ability to tolerate a certain kind of experience in the very narrow context of academia, some minimum level of expertise in the field above the typical undergraduate degree holder, and some further expertise in a very narrow slice of the field above a typical Master's degree holder. Define "much faster." I am seriously trying to think of a developer I'd describe as competent and smart who could not pick up a new language or framework with sufficient understanding to be minimally productive (fixing minor to moderate bugs, contributing to new if simple features) inside a week or two. If that's not fast enough, something has gone terribly wrong planning the project. This is among the least important reasons to vote on the POTUS. Most SCOTUS cases are actually far more narrow in scope and impact than the ones you described. Aside from that, in this particular election there is no good reason to favor either major party candidate with respect to SCOTUS, if one's agenda is a progressive one. So the motivation to GOTV for them based on SCOTUS is isn't necessarily there. On the other hand Hillary seems to be keen on augmenting the government's spying activities, criminal enforcement, and foreign aggression. There is no good reason to think that Clinton's nominees will in aggregate be better. It might take thousands of work years to recreate Office from scratch and with an identical timeline but I categorically reject the notion that a clone from scratch without that historical constraint would take that long. Deliberately bad planning. Polling locations and times are determined by folks with a vested interest in choosing who votes for them, not in letting voters choose who holds office. > Credit reporting system works pretty well Citation needed. > (where government forced banks to ignore credit ratings) This is simply not true. The mortgage bubble burst when big investment and gambling/speculation institutions could no longer cover the shorts against mortgage bond derivatives and the incentive for packaging questionable mortgages into the underlyings disappeared. These mortgages weren't all (or even mostly) to poor people with no ability to pay, and the government didn't force anybody to do anything. These same banks paid ratings agencies to ignore the bad mortgages in these securities specifically so they could increase the volume of mortgage bond sales. So your example is actually one that shows that ratings agencies' products are not necessarily accurate (some might call them fraudulent, even). Is 10% a reasonable value for that chance? Is 1% a reasonable value for the ownership stake? What about dilution and payout rights? A reasonable expected value of a lottery ticket is directly computable: jackpot times probability of a winning set. I'm not so sure the same is true for the value of startup employment. The published jackpot is a very accurate value to use, and the probability of being the sole winner is a very reasonable probability to use. The actual expected value is not going to differ from that product by enough to matter most of the time. Skepticism is the best policy with things like this. It's easy for an anonymous person on the internet to make claims like this. Sounds a bit like UML+Rational, visual programming, and every other one size fits all panacea, to be honest. The whole notion of HTTP as an application data transport is terrible. We've hacked at it to create a great number of wonderful web based apps, but I can't help thinking there's a better way. Can't emphasize this enough. This kind of mistake is common in our industry, though. I wish more software developers understood that when they say "human resources" they aren't lying: we are resources, like paper, electricity, and IT infrastructure. We are not their "colleagues," they don't see us as "colleagues," and it is damn obvious we aren't treated like colleagues. No, gnome is "largely" powered by C, like the vast majority of other performant software out there. This whole thing just stinks of forcing the browser to be a (terrible, poorly functioning, and inconsistent) abstraction over the OS. The browser/webapp model of application development is just awful. Yes, that is not just terrible it is embarrassing. That's amusing considering that the dilution and protection agreements they get for investing severely reduce or zero-out the value of most regular employees' stock anyway (except in the most successful of exits of course). Common user interface across any browser (platform) that supports it, you mean. Like any other language. >Machine learning is really starting to feel just like another trigger phrase. Yes, and its close cousin "data science" fits the same description, to me. They're quickly becoming what "the cloud" is: marketing jargon that doesn't provide useful information. Is that an accurate comparison? Gates was born into weatlh and a pre-existing social network. His company's success has a foundation of winning the genetic lottery. His company didn't spring into being without a history. He had access to educational and tutoring resources, specifically technology related resources, his entire life. I'd say it's very clear his parents' circumstances were a huge factor in his early successes, and arguably much more important than those successes were to later ones. Third party property management is generally done by a licensed real estate agent or their proxy where allowed. I am not allowed to provide property management services for my neighbor's house unless I'm licensed to do so. This is yet another area where Airbnb seems to be skirting close to breaking the rules. Those lobbies make it hard for anybody who isn't licensed to do provide any services related to real estate. I didn't see the part about piloting this in Japan, partly because I'm on my phone and the linked article has a terrible layout on my browser. I don't know what laws govern this sort of thing there, so my comment about skirting the law doesn't necessarily apply there. "Millions?" How do you figure? Gates was born well into the top 1%. Tens or hundreds of thousands is more accurate. Luck isn't the deciding factor, especially in what endeavors to pursue, but it is a prominent factor in the success of those endeavors. That wasn't quite my point. I do agree that "data science" is just marketing jargon for "statistics" (and definitely disagree that it's the same as labeling "programmer" as "software engineer", the way another person commented in response to you), but I don't think any and every programmer can "do data science". What you describe with respect to data scientists needing help is what I'd call "data engineering." A data science person who is supposed to be doing production-facing engineering should be a competent enough data engineer that he or she can extract information from the data stores without having to have outside help most of the time, but strictly speaking, in my view, these are two different kinds of development. There are already legal structures in place in every state in the US that define in excruciating detail the modalities of multi-owner real property. Many of these are used as vehicles to pass wealth on to heirs tax free and engage in a variety of other living arrangements (condominiums). All this seems to me to be is a sophisticated company attempting to pass off as new and innovative to the unsophisticated public something that already exists. That "grit" is entirely within an academic context and does not necessarily translate outside of that context. It's also debatable whether a PhD absolutely implies an above average IQ (or even whether that is a meaningful trait). As for correlation with success, I wonder if you could elaborate? What measures "success"? What studies are you referring to? What confounding issues (if any) are accounted for? The new C standards are okay. I am not a fan of the quasi-generics spec and implementations. If C had a robust generics specification it would be just fantastic. Most of my personal C++ code looks like C with some generic implementations via templates where applicable, because I find it easier to reason about and quite sufficient for most use cases. The gray area is where an owner engages in serial short term rentals in an attempt to hide the fact that they are basically renting out their property. Airbnb itself has tried to blur whether these guys fall under hospitality rules or not. I have nothing other than my personal experience and observations of fellow degree holders. I mostly agree with respect to the fluidity argument, but I think that's different from my point. I've seen PhD holders lack the grit to see a project filled with non-academic tedium through, for example. I've been there myself, even. There are two common schemes: one that combines vacation and sick leave in "Paid Time Off" ("PTO") banks and one that tracks them separately. It is almost uniformly the case for programmers outside the Bay Area to work for companies with one or the other (usually the former). This is one reason why I think it's funny when developers mistakenly think of their managers and higher as "colleagues." Software developers are much closer to blue collar workers than white collar workers from a social status perspective. The difference between the housing market in the Bay and almost anywhere else is an extreme caricature of your analogy, though. At some point all analogies fail to provide an adequate description, but yours fails almost out of the gate here, in my opinion. I don't about "exclusive" but the very first time a "data structures and algorithms" question ever appeared in an interview I had was in the Bay Area, after having spent 10+ years on the east coast. Prior to that interviews focused almost exclusively on design patterns (not just OO, but general architecture), project experience, and language specific questions where appropriate. I've been here a while now so I have no idea what the interview culture outside the Bay Area is like anymore. This area has a high density of people who conflate academic computer science with software engineering, or who think the latter is some easily learned demi-skill to be looked down on, etc. Some counterpoints: 1. There are a number of reasons one might choose C++ that aren't related to low-level performance in almost any application. For a particular web application it may or may not be a good choice, but I wouldn't categorically reject it, even for a class project or assignment web app. 2. Any language or suite of them has whole categories of errors, deficiencies in tooling and other issues that can make it suitable or not in the hands of a given team. C++ has more or fewer of these than other languages depending on the context. 3. This seems to be hurling a pretty broad insult at many C++ developers, and "good" requires context. Have you considered the possibility instead that JSON is not an appropriate serialization protocol or storage mechanism for the problem to be solved? Or that it isn't being used effectively/correctly (that is, it isn't being parsed correctly, e.g. with a library or some other mechanism that makes checking underlying types less cumbersome)? I noted in a comment downstream from here that plenty of C and C++ JSON libraries offer very easy parsing (e.g. "json_get_int(element, key)") that fails early. I almost don't even think about JSON twice if I have to use it as a data format in a C++ program I'm working on. It's just another library to link against and use almost effortlessly. Doesn't Java, or this Salesforce implementation of it, have something similar? Furthermore every dynamic language I've used has had tooling spring up, e.g. in the form of linters, that includes at least some basic checking for type mismatch where possible. I'm not so sure static typing leads to problems. It isn't problem free--no programming language or paradigm is--but I do think the lack of it leads to some problems that are easily avoided without too much extra overhead. I haven't used Java in a long time, so I don't what the library ecosystem for JSON is, but with both C and C++ there are plenty of parsers that make type casting and working with JSON data about as easy as in python. The difference is usually that the type of the underlying data one is interested in working with is explicit and, when the JSON data is malformed is caught earlier (at cast, as opposed to later, when trying to, e.g. add a string to an int in sane languages that break when that happens). The real world being dynamic has almost literally nothing to do with this issue. The concepts are completely unrelated. Although I'd agree that I find development with dynamically typed languages a bit more chaotic than static or strongly typed ones. And not necessarily in a fun, good way, either. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of any privacy settings they have? I've found ZeroMQ to be an immensely useful and powerful library for certain kinds of distributed queueing applications. It's just a library, not an entire application or web framework to drop practically pre-dictated code into. Also what "c++ concepts" does it enforce and how? And why is that a bad thing? Go is mainstream? In what universe? These are mainstream languages today: C, C++, Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, JavaScript, and C#. The vast majority of all applications written today are written using one of those languages. Go barely registers inside the Bay Area bubble, and far less outside of it. If a "Python paradox" even is a thing, Go would certainly be a candidate. I think the "Python paradox" is a silly concept, though. Quoting Politifact isn't a rebuttal. Also, "quid pro quo" as used by politicians who peddle their influence is basically unprovable. It's a great standard for them to make mainstream, but unfortunately fails to accurately describe all the ways influence peddling and bribery schemes work. That is the exact opposite of the truth. Depends on the perspective. I've had family who rolled their eyes when I'd tell them about seeing homeless people just walk up to trees and start pissing or drop their trousers and shit in trash cans, by bushes, on the sidewalk, etc. Invariably the ones who visit marvel at my relatively tame descriptions afterward. I'm sure the homeless find it quite a positive that they can relieve themselves without much interference, while I find it a net negative. I spend 33% more than that on just my rent (small, attached townhouse) and my commute to the city is an hour all together. So, yeah, $32k per homeless person seems stingy. This is definitely a very soft introduction for beginners to both Python and programming in my opinion. I didn't go past the first two exercise groups. I would omit the remarks at the beginning about 2 vs. 3 compatibility. Not only is it wrong as an absolute, it doesn't add value to the tutorials. The audience this is appropriate for is unlikely to care or even understand. Simply link directly to the Python 3 version to download. All the complaints about salaries are dismaying. Why not consider that plenty of other places seriously undercompensate engineers instead of trying to cut this organization's pay structure down? Yes what is and, according to the parent what should be, diverge. What this really tells me is that workers in Omaha and Phuket ought to demand more, and that they are selling themselves for far less than the value they create, or else that they aren't actually doing "the same job." Likely both are true. Most startups, including funded startups, seem to pay significantly lower than established tech companies in this area. My anecdotal experience certainly fits that. The last time I was job searching the highest offer I got from a startup was $130k plus a hiring bonus and laughable equity with poor benefits, while the young company (IPO within the previous four years) I accepted an offer from came in at well over 20% more than that all-in. I think startups undercompensate and more or less target lottery-equity chasers. Yep. The same phenomenon augmented by racism applies to certain demographic populations of the US with respect to minimum wage, welfare, etc. It's just completely irrational. That really depends on very much more than your skill as an engineer, and the ability to "present a business case for being paid like it" simply does not apply to the majority of employment negotiation scenarios--even ones involving the very best of the best engineers. Most, in fact almost all employers have fixed salary schedules for their positions and they simply will not deviate from these as a rule, nor will they entertain negotiation around them. It means exactly that it is so for almost all cases. There are always going to be exceptions, but those are just that: exceptions. There's a reason they're called "exceptions." Edit: the people who set compensation are very rarely the people that decide whether to hire you. The latter may communicate the salary HR dictates to them, but they almost never have negotiation power within their own employers' structure. I hadn't realized we were discussing R.R. Martin here. Perhaps it's some kind of homeomorphic encryption scheme. Hey it technically leaves the original message encrypted! Very true. I was just making a tongue-in-cheek conjecture about the justification/rationalization that might be employed. Yes, and the same reasoning would apply to folks suggesting that employers routinely are open to negotiation. On the other hand we have a plethora of anecdotal data (e.g. through Glassdoor and other self reporting places) and BLS salary data by region and classification ( https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oessrcma.htm ). The means and medians in these data are quite close. It'd be nice to see upper and lower extremes, modes and other information to gauge the actual distribution, but it strikes me as an extraordinary to claim successfully negotiating higher-than-average wages is typical. So if your point wasn't that employers routinely deviate from their prescribed bands ("as a rule") why did you respond to my comment? What I see is an anonymous Internet Person bragging without context (for all I know your non-typical experience could have been with 99 developers who were seriously below average). The next thing they should be taught is that even if an existing serial implementation can be made more efficient using concurrency, that doesn't mean it should be. That should be followed quickly by teaching that concurrency should be implemented over the smallest possible surface of the code. This is highly subjective and very much depends on many variables, including what you mean by "systems programming" (more specifically: what level of the stack is your boundary for "system" versus "application"). There is a traditional boundary. System programming is programming at a lower level, code meant for consumption by other software, and never directly used by an end user, while application programming is meant for consumption directly by an end user. Think "game engine's network stack" versus "text editor (that isn't Emacs)". It's possible to work as a very junior system programmer with no prior programming experience. Everyone has to start somewhere. I've put such people to work doing everything from debugging problems with some data structure implementation to debugging thorny concurrency issues. Generally I take the view that a person is no longer junior when he has had sufficient experience that he can do more than bug fixing in more than one sub-domain of system programming. That wouldn't mean he or she is necessarily senior at that point. This very thing has occupied my day job for at least four months now. It happens when a pre-existing system one has to improve has lots of DB-heavy and compute-heavy operations commingled. Counterpoint: if the data strongly suggest a set of profiles are far more likely to be accepted it is perfectly rational to evaluate one's own profile first against that information in order to assess the effort required to overcome differences and evaluate the risk. I'm not at all surprised by this. A similar phenomenon exists in many other fields and areas of life. Those who have a solid financial support system are simply more likely to be able to commit themselves more deeply to whatever they focus on. This has been the case for centuries: the wealthy simply have always had more means to do more things. Is there anything about ripgrep that makes its performance uniquely fast? That is, is it not possible to achieve the same speed and correctness of results using, say, C or C++? If neither condition holds, then the use of Rust is almost purely incidental. It isn't even interesting, from that perspective. Far more interesting would be a measure of how safe the Rust code is versus equivalent-results implementations in other languages. Yes, that was my main point, re: safety. I've been implementing a BLAS with Rust (pure Rust--not FFI wrappers around C-wrappers around Fortan or other bindings) and it has been interesting to see where the C-programmer in me gets tripped up and how the performance compares. I don't know about that (as in I haven't looked so I literally don't know). First of all, provided the tools produce identical results for similarly-complex regex patterns I'm not sure having to support all POSIX regexes is necessary. Second of all my point was really that the performance achievement is not nearly as interesting as the level of rust-guaranteed safety found as compared with similar implementations in other ("unsafe") languages. African-America men are incarcerated at a much higher rate than white men. Does that mean black men are more likely than white men to commit crimes? The answer is no, because there are confounding issues I left out. This should sound familiar, you just did it yourself. That sort of certification is a practice that should be made illegal. I've just been bit by that when we transitioned my family from one earner's plan to the other. It created a pointless hastle for us and our care team. Insurers don't need to know if I have coverage through another insurer. Yes, almost 100% in agreement with you. My only quibble is that we take care to really know about who is running the various vote reform efforts and initiatives. The Democrats and Republicans will do whatever they can to get reform in name only under the guise of more choice. See California's "top two" primary system as an example of how one party more or less locks up exclusive access to the ballot in more cases than one should be comfortable with. If we aren't careful, vote "reform" efforts will look more like that than PR. "Comically" is certainly an exaggeration. But her corruption, a resume lighter than GWB's, and dishonesty that makes other politicians blush (some with envy, others with shame), etc. make her qualifications at best questionable. Neither candidate would be a candidate if we had a functioning democracy. Rust seems very much like modern C++. Borrowing, references and the like have nearly direct analogs to C++ references, unique_ptr and other STL constructs. Except the compiler enforces them with (my opinion) relatively more clear error messages most of the time and in some cases the syntax is actually clearer (others not necessarily). My biggest struggle so far is overcoming the differences in the implementation of generics. I have yet to "fight the borrow checker," but the generics implementation is something of a hurtle for me. Wow, things have changed since I took my SE electives (17-18 years ago). We had to write code and there were final projects that required the development of a non-trivial application. One that compiled and at least nominally worked. Granted I only took a course of about three electives at the sophomore and junior level, so maybe I missed the "fluff" in other levels. Camp 3: those of us who think "shove something, anything that 'works' out as fast as possible" is a recipe for disaster, irrespective of the transport format or service infrastructure. I suppose folks in this camp would overlap significantly with those in camp 2, though. Yep. "Move fast and break things" is immature and inappropriate for anything that purports to be reliable. It's fine for toys like social apps, but for serious actual grown-up applications it's a juvenile hindrance. Nonsense. libc? A microservice for every function call! Surely if you can wrap your head around a library you can wrap it around a thousand little microservices. (Snark exists in this comment.) I think the rust compiler's enforcement of borrowing and explicit mutability make writing non-trivial Rust code as complicated as writing the same program with code that has equivalent safety (which isn't enforced) in C++. The biggest issues I've seen lie at the safe/unsafe boundary. Things that are trivial to write without safety guarantees in C++ become more verbose (at least) in Rust. C is considerably less complex than either Rust or C++. I regularly have used more than one compiler (Borland, cc, early Microsoft, and one or two other proprietary ones for developing drivers for embedded optics controllers), programmed for more than one OS (Linux, a RTOS flavor of Linux, MS, Apple, AIX), and have seen my fair share of UB issues. What you're referring to (programs and behaviors) is not what I was referring to (language details). Hmmm, that's a fair point, since "which C" applies, but I think that's a deficiency in the standard and larger in scope than the point I intended. Bonuses for executives or bonuses for regular employees? Every bonus item in any employment package I've had has always been tied to the company's performance and my individual performance. I have never once worked anywhere with an automatic, performance-independent bonus, from tiny shops working as government contractors to large and well-known corporations. This is anecdotal, obviously, but I'm talking about myself and literally hundreds of thousands of other employees across all the organizations I've worked for. I am not denying such bonus structures exist in some places, but I'm skeptical that it's common or not considered an extreme aberration. Yes, and that premise is controversial at best. Nonsense. Relative to the value we provide, even average or mediocre developers are underpaid. "Everyone" else is, too, who isn't in upper management. So your bonus is linked to your performance. Yes. It's the hacker/CS version of clique-based exclusionist and bullying. A better writer for the HN audience or in general? They are not the same thing. Humans are beastly, violent primates with marginal cognitive advantages over our cousins. Empathy is learned. I don't know if a 12 year old is more likely to kill than a 30 year old, but the former certainly has had much less social normalization toward empathy than the older one, other things being equal. Also kids are easily guided to do just about anything. They're easily impressed and even the brightest lack the experience to temper their judgement of what is a good idea versus what isn't. Who do you think the media's audience is? Perhaps he should have said "most people" instead of what he did say. No, healthy people learn empathy, they aren't born being empathetic. They should learn it very early, and certainly should demonstrate some empathy by the time pre-K rolls around. 0MQ is fantastic. It's how I first found out about him, too. That library is an absolute pleasure to use. What about working for literally nothing? Like, say, open source? In fairness I haven't seen anyone make a serious comment like yours yet in this thread. Ugh, that's the last thing I want to see. I didn't start diving into Rust until very recently for two reasons: 1) the instability of the language and 2) the terrible, juvenile hatred for C and C++ that seems to almost be a pre-requisite for participation in the ecosystem. Rust until recently was an anti-C hipster's wet dream ("upstart"-y, not really yet ready for wide-spread use, and a convenient goto for folks wanting to have a bit of trendy "bash C (or C++)" fun. Both items have diminished considerably lately, though, and that's something I can appreciate. Their business model was 1. Grow, 2. Grow, 3. Grow, 4. ?, 5. Profit. It baffles me that they ever made it as far as going public. Its only avenues of monetization are advertisement and selling user data. What else could it charge for? Charging users a fee would kill it. Keeping the rights to something you're giving away for free is the definition of meaningless symbolism in this context. What if they charged you a fee, say a monthly or annual subscription? You act as though CS knowledge is some high priesthood of supreme mathematical reasoning insulated from the internet. As a matter of practical use, most of the time details about algorithms and data structures, from implementation through complexity analysis, can easily be regarded as "mere facts." Those times when this doesn't apply are times when somebody applying formal academic level CS is surely required, but these are far less frequent than most programming tasks require--even at Google. This is neat. I'm writing a very badly constructed toy application to get used to Rust, and some of the differences have been interesting to note. In this case, when I first encountered Rust's enums the first thing that came to mind is the fact that C and C++ both offer the ability to support tagged-unions, but certainly not as a first-class entity and definitely with a lot more cruft, with or without safety checks. For me the jury is still out on where the best "fit" for Rust is. I really appreciate the enforced safety of Rust for higher-level systems applications programming. I'm not convinced yet it won't just get in the way pointlessly for much lower level programming (especially embedded). Perhaps that's just my relative novice understanding of Rust, though. At some point the browser becomes an OS, eh? I can't stand Apple, and their reasons for poor treatment of web-apps are surely from pure greed as you note, but I can't help but not care in this case. The web-app development paradigm is terrible and can't die fast enough. I can write reliable code requiring less maintenance in C or C++. What you're engaging in is language zealotry. Rust isn't a panacea. Ah, I see now. Thank you for clarifying. Not that I agree entirely, mind, just that your initial comment was clarified. What rise? I'm almost never fascinated when folks mistake opinion for fact. It's the primary driver in many language wars, as I see it. Some come to recognize that no language is perfect, especially their favored one. Others don't. Now if only I didn't constantly see "insufficient bandwidth" on Amazon or apparently-throttled downloads and streaming of other data with my "Performance Pro" package I could start being more upset about the bandwidth cap and less about being charged ridiculous rates for paltry bandwidth. Even most of Google is flattering itself as far as that goes. It's less common outside the SV bubble area, as are the penis-measuring CS trivia and "puzzle" questions. Plumbers can do significantly better than software engineers even today. We are paid relatively poorly for the economic value the companies we work for receive from our labor. Django devs are cheap, too. He missed at least one: functions should be "small" and broken up for "testability." No, functions should perform one task and perform it well. Not every conditional test inside the function needs to be its own function and have its own unit test. Sometimes a function that does just one thing and one thing well has more than one step to do that thing, and those steps don't necessarily belong in their own functions. Testability and composability are important, but that has to be balanced against locality of reference and context. When I see a colleague write in a code review that pieces of a function should be factored out of a larger function "just in case they'll be reused" I step on it hard. This is related to "over generalization" but not exactly the same. His examples may have been skewed towards webdev, but I've seen all these things outside of that sphere (95% of my career has been systems and scientific programming). Well, I've never really used FP outside of hobby/toying around programming so I couldn't say. I'd say it applies to any programming paradigm, including OOP or non-OOP procedural programming. Sure, and it's great when a balance is struck. Too often, at least in my experience, the smaller chunks get shuffled out of the same file and into a nightmarish Rube Goldberg concoction in "utils" modules, packages and whatnot. I use primarily compiled C-like languages (C, C++ and Rust, specifically). I tend to put chunks of code that might be candidates for factoring out in their own scope block with a comment. Then, if the function really does become "too big" (for the very subjective measure that is), bits can be factored out on an as-needed basis. Well, when those small functions are a series of other functions it can hinder "reasonability" just as easily as help it. There's no one right way to do it, really. My objection is mainly toward a zealous adherence to some subjective principle here. There are legitimate reasons to not want to use C, but I find around here it's mainly reflexive hate and language zealotry. It's popular to hate on C (and C++) because the languages are so ubiquitous and long-used that a large body of terrible, unsecure, and poorly written code exists using them. Other languages haven't had the same success as these two yet, so haven't had their warts exposed enough to be dumped in the "automatically hated" category. Java comes close, but it also is typically lumped in the "automatically hate it" bucket and for similar reasons. Couldn't agree more. It does seem like one of those many things where the team itself should probably determine a happy middle ground and stick to it. Except for relatively uncomplicated, or relatively low level programs I have had the opposite experience. Um, JFK begs to differ. HRC is also a fascist dictator wannabe. The difference between them is more kind and less degree. Anybody who opposes Trump and not Hillary on the grounds of fascism is, to be charitable, being inconsistent. Fear of premature optimization, fear of pointers, and fear of how computers work in general, yes. Pointers should be used very sparingly, and much of the time in code I've seen they could have and should have been avoided. But it seems like we've come to some far extreme other side of that thought to the point where seeing a pointer instills an exaggerated fear of memory stomping, leaks, and a variety of other things. These are important concerns, but, like optimization, ought not make a person afraid of their use. Anybody who needs to do non-trivial programming at the systems level had better get over those fears and focus on learning how best to use the tools they need to, in my view. I have just a couple of points. First, please be careful with the "experts" broad brush. Not all, and possibly not most, experts will agree on many things. Moreover, actual experts will understand that there are pros and cons that are context dependent. I would hesitate to label as "expert" anybody who categorically prefers one over the other for all cases. That's more like zealotry than expertise. Second, for my part the biggest hurtles are in two parts. One is that at the boundaries of speed versus provable safety. At some point I don't need and can't afford the cycles added by boundary checks and other Rust guarantees, and the mechanisms provided to mitigate them are as cumbersome as writing (unprovably) safe C++ code (e.g. "const&", "std::move" and other similar constructs) compared with the equivalent Rust. The other is a more a branding problem: gratuitous maligning of C++ is problematic, and projects a sort of arrogance that I find subjectively distasteful. Yes most, but not all. I'd switch it around: why Cython and not Rust, given their CLI is written in Rust? This strikes me as a perfect use case for Rust, too: it has great compile time memory and other safety guarantees with a speed that is likely close to (or perhaps even better than "safe") C or C++. Rust guarantees safety under certain conditions. That's it. It doesn't guarantee good design, bug free code, or code that never behaves badly. This is the kind of gratuitous maligning of code written in other languages that some Rust fans engage in that I find off-putting. Rust isn't The Solution To All Our Problems. I mostly agree. However I have this prediction: if Rust gains popularity, then in 5-10 years (or perhaps fewer!) someone will be complaining about memory issues in a Rust library that is peppered with "unsafe" blocks that don't properly respect the safe/unsafe boundary contract. Even the core under-the-hood Rust std library is a human-vetted set of unsafe code that the compiler simply cannot prove as much about as Safe Rust. Human-vetted things are prone to error, no matter how good the humans doing the vetting are. I suppose if I identified with any language, C++ would be it. I have the most knowledge and experience writing code in that language. I've been learning Rust lately and have written a few toys with it. I'll share my thoughts. 1. The main benefit of Rust is its nearly cost-free safety guarantees. It's much harder to write code that is prone to UB with Rust than with C++. The comparison is almost silly, in fact, from that perspective. It comes with a runtime cost (e.g. drop flag checks, bounds/other memory access checks) in some cases, but for all cases other than those requiring even that last bit of performance this cost is tiny in comparison with the work the rest of the program is doing and well worth it in my opinion. 2. The primary reason for choosing it over any other language is context dependent. This leads me to my last point. 3. It would be fine to use for anything, really, but I think in the sense of "most appropriate" that you mean, it's "most appropriate" for systems programming that needs to be as fast as C++, but not necessarily melt-the-metal fast. Primarily this is because: a) it's as fast as C++ in almost all cases (and probably faster than equivalently-safe C++ in at least some cases) and b) it's much less likely I'll write code that smashes stacks, has data races, blows up memory or does a bunch of other crap that's trivial in C++ (or other languages). Even in cases where melt-the-metal fast is necessary it seems possible to do in Rust, but it just takes a lot of effort. That's deliberate on the part of the Rust developers, and it's difficult to argue against the reasoning behind it. Where Rust might really shine is helping a new generation of programmers write performant code that is safe without having to learn by trial-by-fire. Who's being a moral scold or hampering "American Dream"s now? There are reasons, good and bad, that states and municipalities have regulations about zoning for commercial, residential, mixed, and other use. There can be a discussion about how well they're applied, misapplied or whatever. Here's my opinion: I think you, and other transient-rental aficionados, have the burden of showing sufficient reason for allowing you and AirBnB to avoid civil and possibly criminal (depending on circumstances) sanction for breaking the laws. You also have the burden of showing why the rules should be changed to permit your activities subsequently. That's a poor description of what is going on here. I suppose you'd argue that having to pay a property tax is the same as paying the government rent, and so that means one doesn't "own" his home at all as long as it's taxed? Where does that argument end? At what point can we just call it what it is: advocacy for disbanding government entirely? stdlib has plenty of unsafe blocks inside it, as do many crates. Claiming one doesn't use unsafe blocks because none are visible in one's lib.rs or whatever doesn't mean they aren't there. As a long-time C++ developer I find I can be very productive writing Rust. Many modern C++ idioms translate almost directly to out-of-the-box Rust-isms. Some (including some important ones) don't, but these are relatively easy to understand and work with. Compile times are actually not that bad. I've seen some real doozies in my day, and plenty of hacks to overcome C++ compile times (distributed compiling, pre-compile steps to collect many dozens or more source files into a single TU, etc.). Rust is just fine. Besides, for the kinds of programs Rust is targeting being productive isn't synonymous with belting out as much code as fast as one can. As for concurrency, I think having options is great. There is rarely a one size fits all solution for concurrency and having choice mirrors real use cases very nicely. Furthermore I really enjoy generic programming. One of the worst parts of C is the lack of real generics. It gets tiresome writing the same array, hashtable, etc. code for each different type. Hiding it behind macros is terrible. It's one of many things that make both C++ and Rust superior to Go, in my view. That said, I do perceive a certain "feature my preferred language offers is the most important thing ever" myopia about some aspects of the Rust community. It's similar to a certain segment of the C++ community zealously beating the drum of "performance, performance performance" to the exclusion of other important things. Rust hasn't the popularity or use in the wild for its warts to be exposed yet, but time will tell. Every language has flaws and proper (and improper) uses. I've been employed at places where that email trail is ignored or used as "evidence" against the engineer. I think the specific example can create a distraction because of the use of indirection, but that there is a more general point to discuss: at what point is a chunk of code "too clever?" One argument is that code should be written so that junior or average (or even below average) developers can be put to work on it. Another view is that part of a junior developer's learning experience ought to include not shielding him from alleged complexity or "clever" constructs, because sometimes they really are better or even unavoidable. Cleverness for its own sake is one thing to avoid, but I think that's almost too subjective a standard to use. Well the second snippet hides the loop and conditional which surely are implemented in "Where". Is that a code smell by proxy? I don't disagree. But then again I've had peers review code similar to this and flag an issue saying it's too clever because that poor soul might not know what "where" is doing or that the use of lambdas is "too complex." At some point that breaks down though doesn't it. I mean from one perspective a conditional in high level code doesn't describe "what is actually happening, either." That's especially true if an optimizing compiler or interpreter mangled it up. From another perspective your argument can be applied to any function call in library code. In either case I don't think your position is that strong. Yep. As long as the abstraction is tested and functions as advertised it can be very useful. I'd much rather see a few lambdas in a chain of function calls than blocks of conditionals and loops. Every keyword or bit of code that has to be typed is a potential source of errors, and abstractions of this sort help minimize that. Counterpoint: test code is also code and when unit test tyrants rule a team it can easily break down into a mess of maintenance (which suddenly more than doubles). I don't down vote, and in fact only recently noticed I could. I don't know who down voted you. To the other points, "no tests" is the other extreme from "test everything." I find both views are unacceptable in practice. I agree with you, about this specific example and in general. When I look back on my career, often when I've said something is "clever for its own sake" was only clever because of a lack of understanding on my part, and rarely for its own sake, outside of toys and obscurity competition where such cleverness is the point. Perhaps unintentional, but your examples are extremely biased. More than one politician has distorted reality and played fast and loose (to be charitable) with facts. Moreover, who checks the fact checkers? Politifact and other sites aren't unbiased themselves, after all, and we certainly have seen that the news media in America are easily manipulated (c.f. the tons of free media Trump gets and the collusion explicit in email dumps from the DNC hack). We don't have high quality, (mostly) neutral fact checkers in this country. That's a big contributing factor to the state of our current election, where the highest office is contested by a bigoted, stupid clown and a corrupt, deceitful and likely criminal woman, both of whom are likely to engage in terrible and aggressive foreign wars, while just about anything down-ticket of these two is ignored unless it intersects with the Presidential race or involves some completely irrelevant and salacious sex scandal. One data point isn't sufficient to make your case, in my view. And the bias isn't on a Dem vs. Rep axis but rather on an axis of class, especially as regards access to socially, politically and financially well connected Elites. Human beings aren't programs evaluating objective rules to come to an objective determination about raises and promotions. Your comment carries the implicit assertion that folks with kids are given special treatment. But what you fail to show is that it actually is "special," except in the context where it is defined to be so. Why should people who break for lunch get special treatment? We need to go back to the good ol' days when workers lived in company towns and got paid in company scrip. Who do you think you are, living outside of the company's property and using your own money? You're still defining that as special treatment. Why is that considered special treatment? I'm having a hard time seeing photo editing requiring 16GB of ram. For video editing it seems to me most use cases aren't going to have more than a few GB worth of frames at a time required in memory, but I can see the potential for 16GB being a bottleneck in certain applications. For "actual [computational] work", use a different computer suited for the purpose, not toys marketed to graphics professionals and hipsters. I thought the same thing. The only place I've ever seen "developers" use Mac products is when they must for technical reasons (e.g. targeting Mac OS specifically), or in the Valley where it's trendy. It's not even that suitable for the fashionable toy webapp development that seems to reign here in the Bay. I've seen the homebrew or ports hoops the 'webdev' crew at the company I work for have to jump through just to get a basic development environment running. It's silly. I fire up my linux-guest VM or else use my company-provided MacBook as little more than a terminal to remotely access our development servers to write my code (which isn't web or mobile application code). Outside of the Bay, webdev shops, or targeting Apple OSes specifically, if I seriously suggested using Apple products for development I'd expect to be laughed out of the room. And rightfully so, in my opinion. They're fine computers for the consumer market, better than linux or any other alternative for that purpose (in my opinion) but as development platforms they're...wanting. Most of the "difficult parts" have almost nothing to do with the kinds of textbook algorithms and dynamic programming trivia these sites test. I prefer to not conflate "computer science" with "software development." The majority of the problems with tech interviews in the Valley stem from an overabundance of CS grads who mistakenly believe that their academic trivia quiz questions have much value for developing software people use. Very few programming jobs actually require the more mathy end of CS. If you want an analogy with physical science and engineering, the the algorithms-and-data-stuctures interview is like giving a candidate for a satellite engineering job an interview laden with mid to upper level undergrad physics questions. It's just nonsense. > how much will that sloppiness cost the employer/customer in hardware and the maintainer and users in time? Next to nothing in almost every case. In fact that hash table is probably overkill most of the time. Unless you're dealing with keys that have a costly comparison, a large number of key value pairs, or a large number of lookups (for some context-specific value of "large") the most naive and "inelegant" of solutions you could imagine, an unsorted array of key value pairs, is sufficient most of the time. So in fact what you call a "sloppy" solution is probably, and quite by accident, far more powerful an algorithm than the problem truly calls for. Understanding complexity analysis is useful when the domain has performance demands or constraints that make it necessary. "Lowly" web dev is almost never one of those domains. What you describe is far more often a CS guy looking for a way to apply his CS education instead of asking whether he's identified the correct problem, and frequently that's because, having only an academic CS background, it doesn't occur to him there might be a more serious underlying problem that has a better solution. Have you tried comparing the performance of asyncio based network requests versus multithreaded requests? And also compared the relative complexity of the code? I have never used asyncio in Python, mainly because the very use case you described is solved with multitheading, but that doesn't mean it's solved best that way of course. Not that I disagree with (m)any of the points you raise, but with due respect I think it's a bit off-topic from my comment. Were it my choice, any time the need for concurrency comes up at my job I'd prefer to use a statically typed, compiled langauge like C++ or Java (or, once I've familiarized myself with Rust's implementations, that language), and this kind of discussion wouldn't even come up. I like python as a rapid-prototyping language. For the kinds of numerical computations and data-laden I/O bound work I do I find it sorely lacking, and consider it an unfortunate choice for production work. I...disagree. And I'll leave it at that. And in either case my view is concurrency is best done in a language where there is proper support for it, whether the model is threaded or processor based concurrency. Apple has for a very long time been a marketing and branding innovator. Jobs recognized something important: branding and marketing matters more than technology, but the technology has to be good enough to support the branding and marketing efforts. So he took the company in a direction that was quite clever: wait until the tech was good enough to wrap in a marketable package, then blitz the market with it suggesting they'd been the technology driver the entire time. It has worked fabulously. Just look at the number of people who think Apple innovated computing at any level: from portable music to smart phones to displays and on and on. These days you're a "tech geek" if you have a couple of Apple devices in your kit. This phenomenon has almost nothing to do with innovation in technology but quite a lot with their marketing efforts to present themselves as fashionable technology innovators. In the last 20 years or so there aren't very many technologies Apple has actually innovated on that didn't already exist in some form or another, just without the Apple Marketing Magic behind it. That's probably about right, if a little too lopsided toward theory. Physics is empirical. We need hypotheses to test, but we should emphasize "test." Instead of expressing a more appropriate sentiment for members of the lower class--that it's shameful somebody who is highly skilled doesn't earn as much as an unskilled laborer--many people in this thread only express anger at "waste" or "undeserved" remuneration. It's one of the best illustrations of the "temporarily embarrassed millionaire" problem in America I've seen in a while. And make no mistake: almost everybody commenting in this thread is a member of the lower classes, even those of us pulling down six-figure salaries in the high $100k-$200k range. That some of us are relatively higher than others is immaterial to the immense wealth commanded by those in the class above ours. We have far more in common with the "lowly" janitor than these elites have with us.