Taxes (excluding incentives / disincentives to do things as the collective (government) feels benefits society) should take a single exponential curve, a few min gives me this as a starting point: Taxes = PreTaxIncome * (1-(Ratio^((PreTaxIncome - BasicIncome) / BasicIncome))) * subtract basic living income from total * an otherwise equally applied curve where you /always/ take home more for making more (irrespective of how you made it) BUT the more you make the higher the percentage becomes tax. You're taking home disproportionately more of a society therefore your obligations to the society that allows you to make that much are also larger. If you're waiting for some background task and want to experiment use a spreadsheet program and the following: B1 = Ratio A2 = MinimumIncome A3+ = HigherIncomes B2+ = =(1-POWER($B$1,(A2-$A$2)/$A$2))*A2 C2+ = =B2/A2 D2+ = =(A2-B2)/$A$2 I'm not super happy about this particular curve as it's been too long since taking math courses for me to remember how to build in controls that make it easier to shape based on more meaningful numbers. Welcome to the incarceration nation. After the recent posts about RISC-V I'm more interested in that architecture. LowRISC: Open-source RISC-V SoC (9 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8137521 RISC-V: An Open Standard for SoCs (7 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8149658 Sort of. You can invite others to a calendar event. However it doesn't inter-operate well with the MS Exchange monoculture, largely because Microsoft, like with filesystems, hasn't yet met a competing standard that they would be willing to support natively. (Example, just look at the horrid IMAP support in practically every version of Outlook. I /think/ Outlook 2010 is the closest so far and it's still got tiny hiccups.) The left most lane (excluding HOV lanes) is for /passing/. Unless you are passing you should NOT be in this lane. Remaining in this lane, even doing the speed limit, while someone is behind you clearly wanting to go faster (that's their problem, not your's) is failure to yield. It would only be possible if a limit were enforced on all non-primary namespaces. However something that has been /possible/ for a while (but not in practice done) would be to elevate root process priority over other processes. Probably not done due to daemons needing to run as root (which is decreasing as they're able to drop privileges these days). With incentives like /that/ I too would buy a Tesla. Eliminate things from the list that are payment at service time (fast food, transit, stores, etc). Even cable, America's biggest luxury addiction, has some trouble obtaining payment. However what I'd like to see far more is a systemic solution. Instead of permatemps, part time workers, new hire probation (sort of), or even wellfare, 'unemployment' should mean more like a new deal program. There will be something for all workers to do, preferably in/near their training. If there is not, based on aptitude, retraining will be subsidized while more generic work is scheduled around the training. All initial hires/temps/etc will be paid for at full pro-rated cost (but less inherent risk/mutual solidity) by companies in question. The government will also pass on only a discounted rate of payment (but full benefits otherwise) to encourage the worker to land a job outside of the support system. My standard library does not contain any such rule. I therefore consider such a rule to not be common sense/knowledge. Please /define/ what you consider the 'standard' rule to be. Offhand, yes there are situations that I realize qualify as such (usually the gold digger style scenarios), however I have never heard of an actual logically applicable /rule/ to quantify that emotional sentiment. I'm not sure which country has it, but I'll generalize some criteria: * Able to make rational decisions for one's self. * Successful co-operation with already existing 'adults'. * Able to produce surplus survival resources to enable successful raising of offspring. By the above requirements I would suspect that if you removed an automatic assumption of truth based on chronological age, that a majority of American 'adults' would fail at lease one item on the above list. In some cases it really isn't their fault, but a fault of society failing to correct it's own conditions. It would probably be faster to directly 'hack' a raw IEEE 754 floating number: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 The helpful Examples section already contains the numbers 0 and 1. Let us assume that the output is supposed to be between 0 and 1; it seems that 0 should be inclusive and 1 exclusive for the most balanced 'quick' output. Those two numbers have the leading binary format: 0 (8 or 11 bits exponent) (23 or 52 bits fraction) For either 32 or 64 bit floats. Thus for a float (32 bit): 0 0 (7 bits) (23 bits) 30 bits of randomness are necessary, HOWEVER 0 01111111 is already one when the fraction is all 0s. The easiest solution I can see is to evenly drop some precision: A reference for the casting procedure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root#Overvi... Pseudo: uint32 randomNumber; ... set the random somehow, maybe rand() maybe /dev/urandom etc ... randomNumber &= 0x3F7FFFFF; return * (float *) &randomNumber; Now that you mention it, that would also be an issue for the technique you describe; specifiable to the rounding characteristics for truncated numbers. It's probably a better design idea to have a predictable sequence of float (like, application dependent) results and randomly select from within said sequence. In what way is this keeping the peace or beneficial to the public? Actions like the above are why many citizens do not respect the laws and those who apply them; because they are not acting in a fittingly honorable manor. So they have to become the Rats of NIMH for the experiment to be a success? Let us hope we never unintentionally go that far with an experiment. I would not want to create a cursed form of sentient life; if it is to be done it should be done to increase diversity and resistance to intelligence ending disasters. The current assumption should be that they are always targeted. This has always been the case, even before Snowden or any other events. It could also be that participating in the study addresses sources of depression by giving the subject a way that they are 'helping out' society, or are 'cared about' etc. There are probably many factors to depression which may include chemical or structural causes; however the human brain is a complex self adapting analog computer. It would be foolish to think that such a system can be reduced a single or even simple set of controlled variables. Your vanity is probably specked for something similar to 30 or 40 watt bulbs. You could replace with half as many bulbs (leaving old dead bulbs in place or using some other socket filler) that produce equivalent light to reduce the costs. Pick a 'usb stick' distro of choice (my choice is usually sysrescuecd) and boot that image off of media or virtual media if you have one of those remotely managed systems. Though it sure would be nice if said systems could pull the image off of a mirror local to the DC. Alternatively, build a similar rescue option in to your boot menu; if that's broken you've got no choice anyway. Translating idiot: they implicitly meant 'in the rest of the world' instead of 'the world' (probably wrote it that way to begin with actually... and someone else probably 'made it shorter'). I've often heard the phrase 'English borrowed' in relation to words obtained from other languages. English needs to /steal/ and should have stolen in all such cases. Sure, take how the thing is said and even the meaning, but strictly adhere to a single simple set of rules without exceptions for encoding that verbal language to written form and for decoding it back to speech. I refuse to participate in these wastes of my time (I have far more entertaining things to waste my time with). I do, however, make every effort to exercise my right to vote so that I earn the privilege of 'complaining' about results I dislike (what I voted for didn't win, what I voted for sold us out, the thing I wanted to vote for wasn't an option because of gerrymandering (which is what any form of distracting is)). Remembering that there's no possible way we could know how many years away a thing is; the numbers are clearly a guesstimate. They're more of a rounded (hence the clustering at or away from given numbers) measure of the remaining 'effort' versus 'difficulty'. Very likely there is some absolute time required (experiments take time to run), but throwing more people (and more importantly, more resources to run experiments and gather data) at the problem /would/ get to an end result faster (though how much faster is open to debate; it's sort of like asking how much effort does it take to win a top 30th percentile prize from a lottery). Do you use other data to correlate locations that might have different offsets at different times? (EG; slightly pressurized buildings with forced air circulation or vehicles in motion?) Or are such offsets too minuscule to notice? Duplication is a form of forward error correction. You would be amazed what various broken tools can produce for filenames. UI issues; on display format all /printing display elements/ (including spaces as spaces and things that look like whitespace but aren't spaces) with readable glyphs, or those numeric standins for non-rendering glyphs. The very worst enemy operates on the belief that they are helping you/the majority. The only way to win against such an enemy is to educate them on the error of their ways. Support transparency. Support sunset clauses (continue to justify a thing is necessary). Support full accountability. I had thought this was already discussed given that I usually see stories on Hacker News before other sites (and thus that I'd missed the discussion of this topic). Assuming this is a new posting; while I agree this is good from the perspectives of what IBM appears to consider it's core business and also from the viewpoint of having stronger competition among third party foundries I am curious about an aspect that was mentioned but not well discussed on those other stories. "With IBM essentially bowing out of everything other than R&D and GlobalFoundries licensing Samsung’s 14nm process rather than licensing IBM’s or developing their own, Samsung is now the strongest member in a party of 2. How GlobalFoundries and Samsung continue this relationship – and more importantly GlobalFoundries’ role as a developer versus a customer/licensee – remains to be seen." (Ref: http://www.anandtech.com/show/8631/globalfoundries-acquires-... ) How does this reflect competition between these third party foundries used by Intel's competition on many fronts (AMD and various embedded system/mobile device chipset manufacturers) with respect to narrowing or eliminating the process node advantage? I think your rough list is... Apple Google Microsoft (in terms of how lucrative developing for a given platform seems). I like how Blackberry is considered 'effectively dead'; I've felt the same way since they failed to react to the iPhone. I believe that reflection upon these results is critical to any attempt at raising the economic productivity of a region. It seems clear that infrastructure, education, and business development incentives (even if only in making it easier to found and afford to fail at making a go of a small business) are critical ingredients to economic vitality. "push 'tombstone' record to invalidate cache" For that /alone/ this is technically superior and that's frosting on the cake. Now if only we could also get DNS servers to reply with similar packages of useful data. At a glance this appears to be running linear reads of memory with different alignments and performing the same work. Thus the only difference between the two for any algorithm which fits within (even L1 cache in this case) would be a single additional memory read. The most fascinating aspect of this is that he sounds like an absolutely ordinary guy 'just following orders'; it's likely what he actually was and has been. The evil of legitimizing immoral actions is that they become what is, within that context, justice. This is the best that normal people can understand... unless you trick them in to being smart. Voters, thanks to mainstream media, understand the concept of 'voting off' or expressing whom they have the most dis-approval for. Thus get voters to construct a ranking from least to most liked; which you can invert to get the most to least liked. IRV also has poor behavior in the process for selecting whom to remove. My personal solution for that is to remove 'winners' until all that's left is a single candidate; that is the candidate that failed to win any election possible in that round and the one to drop. Re-calculate until there are the target number of candidates left and you have the set of IRV plurality winners (I wasn't even aware of the term plurality until CGPGrey's wonderful series on voting brought up the methods of voting in Robert's Rules of Order). You're asking for a persistent first class function; write it like one. Continuing that hypothetical: Most of the effects that climate scientists predict will happen as a result of increased global mean temperature are highly negative; from the extinction of many species to the loss of coastal habitats (for humans). In a non-political world we would compare the costs of climate engineering practices against the costs of taking the resulting losses from failure to act. The setup you're describing is, if at all urban, only barely so. Really on an area average you've just described a suburbs which happened to develop with a dense enough core that there is little or no 'free parking' for the businesses. It would be like me picking out the area called 'west Seattle' (one of the near by suburbs of Seattle) when I should really be talking about Seattle as the urban environment. Getting as little sleep as we do is 'un natural'. I'd argue that, including a nocturnal wandering break of some kind (as I recall hearing used to be normal prior to the widespread use of electricity) around 10 hours of darkness (on average) and 'rest at night' would be what we evolved as being setup for. To instead push the boundaries to midnight or later (as I tend to want to do my self) and then to be required to get up before even 8AM is really not leaving enough time for good rest. It doesn't help that the area I'm in is closer to the 49th parallel than the 45th and also has easterly mountains; thus making natural sunrise artificially later. It's no wonder Seattle has such a caffeine addiction. Even if this does work, all it validates (measures) is the accuracy of guessing outcome. It does not (as mentioned via reference to global score) actually measure what the best odds for likelyhood are. The system also does not account for new entry in to the surgical field, nor doctors changing in skill and accuracy over time (the data doesn't have aging parameters). Forward security typically means you make it possible, after the session is complete, for anyone to have said anything during the session. Thus making it possible for any potential log of said session to be forged and presented as 'evidence'; therefore implying that even a log which happens to exist on someone's computer is in fact forged (or more to the point, that any potentially recovered log or monitored log is forged; even if an identity has signed off on the session key). So if 'PFS' was used with a sent message then anyone/everyone would be able to read or forge the message. This is not the problem that PGP/OpenPGP was designed to solve. No, you should have written an array of values to begin with. Coercing data types is surely more wrong than taking the most recently supplied value for a given key in a map. Or just outright make this the equivalent of high school, but for students that actually /want/ to be there, instead of whom are /required/ to be there. That, and sports distractions instead of academic pursuits, are the most grievous reasons 'High School' isn't fulfilling the role that '2 years of community college' is supposed to provide. It's easier for things that are written in broken ways that work best with Apache because that's the only platform they targeted. I choose not to smoke or drink my self. What others decide to do to themselves within a safe context that does not endanger my self or others is the business of the consenting adults involved as long as it is only them involved. I fully support legalizing, regulating, and taxing everything . Some things might be too dangerous to allow outside of carefully setup environments. There will of course be things that someone could come up with which shouldn't be allowed and obvious reasons for that. However there are vastly many things which are safe, or dangerous mostly because they are not legal, and may be interesting that are not presently legal in many places. Open book, large project 'tests'. Do the job, make the thing, etc. If you have to observe the process. Different meaning of 'time'. Why can't we have two scales of 'time', one for marking what we'd now call 'absolute time' (an arbitrary clock that is the same all over, E.G. UTC) and another for 'time of day' (in a given location); they should also be displayed uniquely so that it's not possible to confuse one with the other. Let's pick an arbitrary time. As a high tech society no longer ruled by sun dials we should instead make the start of the scale 'dawn' (on average). 'noon' would be at 25% of that scale, 'sunset' at 50%, midnight at 75% and 'dawn' again would be 100%/0% where it loops. I think 00 Monday might be good shorthand for 'dawn' Monday, though most would still say 'dawn Monday', however 10 Monday would be a good marker for when you might want to meet someone for your daily dose of caffeine. 40 through 60 might be when you'd prefer to eat dinner. This makes me want a Tesla. That company actually seems to hire qualified engineers given the failure modes it's had in the exceedingly rare cases of accidents that have thus far made the news. Agreed. As I see it there are two main design methods for overcoming this issue. The first is better for 'anonymous' services; require the client to send a packet of the same size as the buffer they want to receive. It's network in-efficient but for small requests better than the delay in setting up an actual session. It eliminates the chance of amplification attacks. The second is to establish /some/ kind of session. This might be as 'simple' as logging in, or it could just involve a few round trip communications that indicate the client /is/ listening to server replies. That eliminates every DDoS style except for a man in the middle capable amplification vectors; yet if MitM is possible then why bother with DDoS. How about just measure entropy based on some criteria (using things from different sets MIGHT count as entropy for each new unique set) and letting the end user decide what goes in to the password and how long it is? Think about what you've just said. How insecure is sending the password (hopefully over an HTTPS connection!) to a remote server? Those characters and stories were not (substantially) created by Disney though. Everyone else /should/ be able to make those same stories in similar media. Disney /really/ needs to be more proactive about using their brand name's trademark within advertising as the consumer protection measure as that is the intended to function of trademarks. That, BTW, is what is stopping others from making a Disney(tm)'s Mickey Mouse(tm) in steamboat willy(c, expired); and not stopping others from making a more generic 'mouse piloting a steam boat' movie. I would do, 30 years, in increments of 10 years. The first 10 'automatic' and registration not required. The two extensions requiring substantial (say a flat filing fee of 100 USD plus 1% per year from creation (per year) of proceeds on use/sales paid as a tax) payment, submission of a 'master copy' of the work (in the clear) and a clear and easily looked up way of determining if that work was in fact extended. Extension searches would, BTW, be free as the database of titles, authors, dates, etc would be public bibliographic information. It's 'fake' in the same sense that 'investing' in say, trading cards or some other good mostly backed by the interest of the public to buy it is. In fact, it's very much like stock for quantities of stock too small to have a meaningful impact on corporate operations. The short answer is yes; such operating systems are required to run Docker, LXC and other approaches which all utilize similar tools. I'm not that familliar with Docker but looking at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Docker_%28software%29 it is built on the same resource isolation features as LXC which I am using on two of my test systems. The resource isolation features are, in fact, built on top of a large multi-user system, which happens to have powerful security context support and abstractions built in. The contained applications operate, from a userspace perspective, as if they are their own system when in reality their kernel is actually the host kernel and their users really virtually re-mapped to distinct accounts within the host kernel. It's worse over here in the US. At least in Europe the paper doesn't require a different shelf height when dealing with printed materials from 'across the pond'. I would find it ever so sensible if we would just let imperial measures die over here so we could end the pain of international business. Entering the address of 'all zeros' should probably transparently redirect to localhost. (If you're listening on all addresses, that should be the one; it should probably be treated as equivalent to a 302 redirect. (IE it should educate the user that the provided URI is being handled as localhost.)) I'd also like a shorter notation for 'this is not a search' I think ending a word in / is probably good enough for that? The difference is that 0.0.0.0 represents all addresses, while localhost is /one of/ those addresses. In response to the question of 'typical use', I think that it also depends on the context of birth control. There are types of birth control which are somewhat passive; they are renewed at a pre-defined interval which is not related to intercourse. Therefore, considering other types which are only necessary to be applied during the window of intercourse, 'normal use' might reasonably include times where that was the /plan/ but for which the users 'forgot'. I hadn't, looks like an hour of two of amusement. While there are some occasional good points that could be converted in to solutions, I can't help but think that this book is more amusement than actual constructive criticisms well packaged. It's easier if you think of it like a database NULL. There are only three possible outcomes. - Increase the death rate (war, disease, etc) - Establish an equilibrium and plan for a given number of living beings, preventing the formation of new ones until there are free resources. (Attempting to defy this will lead to the previous or next outcome.) - Expand in to new areas to provide more SPACE! Thank you. Adding the temporal domain and system states is what makes this easy to understand. At the time of selection you freeze the probability of the sets (as this is the macroscopic world and the implications of the state in the other rooms must have collapsed due to interactions with all sorts of radiation from the rest of the universe). Thus what you say is exactly correct. * T0 - {1/3} {1/3} {1/3} * T1 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {1/3} + {1/3}} * T2 - {1/3 Your pick} {2/3 = {0/3 Host Pick} {2/3 Remaining door}} This is an entirely valid point. The 'natural resources' that enable /easy/ development of civilization aren't anywhere near as common, if they even exist. What's necessary is a more adaptive approach and possibly some caches of resources that would be necessary to bootstrap once again; also a form of storage which won't degrade in just a few hundred years. It seems satire is lost on you. That seems optimistic. I'm in the category where I don't need ads, I need timely and well categorized (machine sortable; accurate) results for product requests that I have when I discern a need. I don't fell bad at all about running an adblocker because I would never have clicked on the ad to begin with (it also saves bandwidth and eyebleach); unobtrusive well placed and related text ads /might/ remind me of a need I had been meaning to fill. Don't people just sample the market to find out a brand that is to their tastes (performs as desired) and then keep buying it while the price is still of value? The average voter feels a burger/taco/burrito is tastier and 'American'. The average voter probably has also not had /good/ experiences with salads that are actually tasty for reasons other than bacon. (Can we PLEASE stop adding bacon to /everything/ (at least as a default?); some of us just don't like the smokey taste.) While I don't notice it because I, by default, deny all scripts. Minecraft is fun. However I'd clearly state that Minecraft, especially the early multi-player stuff that Notch worked on, /was/ a disaster. Only now, three numbering schemes later (alpha, beta, release), in release version 1.8, does the core game actually have features such as abstracting implementation IDs from object types (EG: now there is minecraft:glass to resolve instead of remembering decimal value 20. Though mods for r1.8 are only just beginning, so that scoping might not yet exist.) Fixing 5 requires the elimination of districts and restructuring across a popular vote. At the scale of the US Federal government, this would require some form of automation to help inform voters of which candidates are on their short list (given preferences they've expressed). Ideally this calculation could be performed on computing hardware that the end user owns and trusts (be that a cell phone, or a RISC-V system with a fully open stack from layout through firmware to OS; this BTW is the only type of hardware that I would consider to be audit-able for inclusion in an assisted /paper trail/ (for recounts and etc) instant tally at close voting system.) 'virtual stickers' == 'virtual scarcity' Many of the points seemed good and worthy of examining when considering policies locally, however that is one idea that I really think needs to die. Indeed, and now() is often good enough, if not better, as it represents the conditions at the time that the logic was executed. The author needs to examine carefully why a value is being updated so many times within a single transaction (first example provided), which by it's own nature is an atomic change (there's no reason to write the middle states to disk as it'll either commit or it won't). Second the author provides a multiple clients (writers) example. In this case if the ordering is important a LOCK is likely required; however it is more likely that consistency is required (in this case likely the psql specific functions). Which is a report on the report in which animals were harmed. Let us remember them as martyrs to science and the knowledge required to preserve many more intelligent lives in the future. The Forge and FML 'mods' are effectively the defacto modding API at this point. Sure, something official might be released, or maybe MS will do what Mojang should have done and somehow integrate this project in to the core; however at this point the modding community has momentum. As someone who's put an ed25519 key on github... I'm not actually sure (didn't verify). I also still have compatibility keys there, I merely installed it so that, opportunistically, it could be used when supported. Today, maybe not so much. However as we become a space-fairing species knowing the limits to which things must be designed (examples, blast shutters in films/anime and self-sealing blobs from scifi/anime) will help. Knowing the causes of death might also enable a better focus for pre/post treatment and medical research/supply staging. What, in your opinion, SHOULD he have done? Keeping in mind the contents of the very article we are commenting on. I think it would make a -lot- more sense for the banks to be open from 'just after lunch' until normal close time on the weekends, than 'why are we open this early' until lunch. The problem is entirely with how the 2008 bailouts were structured. There wasn't actually any market /correction/. I agree this seems reasonable and sane. However there are types of programs which aren't well covered by a test (demo) or set there of. Sometimes the program is being written to learn a value which is unknown, or for which a simplified example having success insufficiently tests the validity or scalability of the software. Tests in those cases may work at a unit level, but still provide insufficient insight in to the soundness of the overall results. To put this another way; as mentioned by the fence post example another poster above mentioned. If you label the fence posts with numbers, from 1 to N, the value at a given address along the length of the fence is the distance from the start of the fence. In this case 0 posts from the start is the value 1. What makes this confusing is the arbitrary choice of the value of the object at location 0. Dijkstra does a reasonable job of explaining why logically beginning numbering at 0 makes sense for the index/address, but does not reasonably explain that the fault in the logic of those whom would count an item is failing to use that logically derived index/address as the identity of the object. That is, the numeric id of the object at address 0 should also be 0, not 1, as many assume it should be based on the conventions that were instilled in basic education. The issue is also compounded by NIMBY people and clueless politicians preventing the construction of newer, safer, reactors and the correct operations of older ones until replacements are complete. A lot of those are actually just task specific business logic style applications in scripting languages (often python, sometimes perl, etc). In this case the 'library' is often the base programming language it's self, as the shipped parts are entirely glue and configuration. I too tried to test if it was only one pair that was significant. However I grew impatient and didn't try to come up with more tests when I thought I had a sufficient answer to explain my most vexing observation (negative, positive, positive out of combinations involving negative numbers). The observation to brainstorm for ways of proving that a statement is in fact wrong, and exhausting them, is such an eloquent way of wording the hunt for a negative. As someone a bit over 30; exactly this. The numbers do NOT add up and haven't at any point in my life. Then there's also the job stability issue as well; who wants to buy a house or start a family when you don't know you'll be somewhere for years? Also with many family units having two workers, what happens when one doesn't have a job? None of our social structures (including laws and tax incentives/disincentives) or market valuations reflect the necessary liquidity imposed by current job market. I happen to think that more nicely constructed MDUs are a good housing option (insulation could always be better). Sounds like that situation isn't going to change soon, and you should probably sell out earlier rather than later. Working within the constraints of a lower level language where it's difficult (you could use a struct, often in a typedef, but then all callers would need to unpack/work with it...) to return arbitrary tuples of data. Salmon makes for /very/ tasty sushi (I prefer the nigiri variety). Reversing the sides of the table does not make the 'game' fair. You did not read that wrong. The performance tanked because the working set now required a disk hit. Each, and every, query, required a disk hit. That many IOs/sec, irrespective of the size could be enough. About all I gleaned from reading it was a big list of reasons why 'RESTful' is bad, and that the main solution was to use HTTP(s) as purely a transport layer. What, exactly the 'solution' will look like depends on future posts... however https://xkcd.com/927/ (Standards) comes to mind. In my own observation, based on mostly the lower end Samsung SSDs (840/840 evo) in desktops and laptops at home and work, the SSDs I've been using (one even failed) appear to have problems reading back 'very stale' (year or two old) data. I've recently been backing them up, using the 'ATA security erase' (I'm doubtful this is really a security erase instead of 'factory re-trim' erase) command, and then restoring the backup. This appears to improve read performance, and I hope it also allows the drive to continue operating for it's intended lifetime. I hypothesized this might help after observing that magnetic hard disks also exhibited a recovery of read performance after a 'non-destructive write test' using the badblocks program. Indeed, that was my guess as well given the performance improvements re-writing the data. The facebook study also observes to another potential source for the performance variation. According to the paper on /some/ tested drives the presence of trimmed data (such as through OS updates/etc) could lead to more complicated re-mapping patterns and thus a longer tree search when finding the correct block to read. However that doesn't correlate well with the observed speed at which the backups were reading data over time. The read speed was highly variable; with an extremely slow initial portion that would likely correlate well to stable windows install files. First, the reason is because this whistle blowing was /necessary/ due to a /lack of oversight/ and to a lack of eventual release for that oversight to the public. Second, we don't know the number of potential documents, nor how they may have been divided among those to whom they were disseminated. Addressing the first point, it should take work and review, on an ongoing basis, to re-affirm the classification of that material. By default there should be a /reasonable/ and /short/ expiration time. If it costs too much to keep those secrets than that in and of it's self is a reason for not HAVING so many secrets to keep! The cost, otherwise, is to our freedoms; to the very liberty for which our government is supposed to be protecting. I'd argue that the unit liter was chosen as a nice power of 10 relation to a cubic meter (the obvious initial choice) as being the best for 'every day' common person transactions. Take a bottle of water, most commonly the sold sizes are 0.5 (about 16oz) and 1 liter bottles; a liter is also pretty close to a quart. As another example, it is common to find soda pop sold in bottles of 1, 2, and 3 liters (depending on the brand). Re parent: ~365.25 does not relate at all well to bases of 10, or much else. We can actually thank existing social patterns including religions for locking us in to a '7 day week' which is what many calendar systems try to promote. With (roughly) every 4 years also containing an extra day of correction (the solar orbital period is not quite 365.25 days) the concept of 'leap days' is necessary anyway. 360: 2 2 2 3 3 5 The IFC picks the 364 route, and puts the leap day in the middle of the printed year. The decision of where to put that date is pretty arbitrary, but probably based around a 'summer holiday'. 360 is 5 away from the closest integer orbital period of earth. Therefore 5 'extra days' (likely holidays) would need to be added. 5 is also a factor. It would either make sense to have an extra 5 day period as one long holiday set, or an extra holiday spread out through the year 5 times, though arguments for otherwise could be made. 7 and 360 get along poorly though. We'd probably also want to keep '12 months' for sanity/existing contractual structures (esp since we can't be in units of 10), and having 'months' close to current months seems to be an advantage. Taking 2 * 2 * 3 out of the factor set, we're left with 2 * 3 * 5 for each month. Stepping aside for a moment, let's examine a 'perfect' 28 day month in the IFC/current calendars. 2/7ths (0.285714) of the time is 'weekend' time. I'd propose a 10 day 'week' in the new time, I also think 2 days in a row off of work is advantageous, and I think that this time should be time 'normal workers' can expect to share off. I think that this number might actually grow over time as we increasingly approach a more Utopian society based around automation and abundance. The 10 day 'week' would begin with the following structure. * 2 days of work * 4 day period of 3/4th work (on each of these days about 1/4th of workers would have an 'erands' day) * 2 days of work * 2 days off work - weekend On this schedule half the workers would get a 2+5 or 5+2 and the other half would get 3+4 or 4+3; all workers on a 'standard' shift would also see 0.3 weekend time, a slight increase. The extra 5 holiday days could either be divided somehow over the year, or used up all at once as a burst half-week holiday. The necessary leap year correction would be added to one of those periods as a holiday as well. Since this is another example of a 'standards proposal', someone must have thought of this before... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Republican_Calendar This link seems to do a decent job of discussing some of the other aspects of converting to a 10 day calendar (many of which also exist for the IFC) http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-it-time-to-over... This type of news reminds me of that scene from the first (live action) Transformers movie where the girl hacker is telling the three-letter suit types that they need to be thinking in a whole other level of technology in order to understand their adversary. I suppose though, that this means if you have /critical/ security things it really just means you need to have the kind of physical security you hear about in scifi and fictional spy game settings. Not just plain airgaps, but proper Faraday cages, and even vibration dampening (for servers too, not just 'meeting rooms'). Probably even thermal regulation so that there's always /consistent/ output. The article mentions a comparison of spending and effect on outcome. Establishing that there seems to be a decided minimum effort required to educate a child to any degree; but that past that point there are examples of other countries having /more/ success with less funding spent (than the US). I think more granularity of data in that statistic would be useful; is this money actually being spent on the child or is it instead being squandered within a bureaucratic structure? Or does some externality that is a cost in one model but not the other left out of view? Why I drive to work and don't take the bus: * The bus still takes longer (2-3 times as long) This might change, but only if normal traffic gets worse. * Loss of freedom I have the option of visiting friends/family in other locations if I drive. Loss of freedom is also related to the very poor intra-networking; the entire transit system in the area is designed as a star pattern for getting workers to the city. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a shift worker: your hours and those of other workers aren't the same, you might not even have multiple workers from the same area at a small company. * Commuting in a carpool is hard when you aren't a full time worker: (I don't have this problem, but friends do) if your hours aren't consistent or you might be called in at a moment's notice. I think the answer to all of this is flexible pooled transit. Probably an extension of what we know of today as taxi/ubur; but much more Johnny Cab (80's Total Recall). I think you're not thinking critically enough in interpreting what he had said. More or less, he had said 'I felt it was unhealthy 7 years in advance'. The actual 'prediction' was only a year or two from the event in question; 'the market didn't make sense' and reacting to that. Fines should go directly to a federally recognized not-for-profit. This is how repaying the community for a fine-able offence could be made. Also they should be /on top of/ damages. (In the case of most non-accident traffic matters, the 'damages' are non-existent.) It would obviously send the data out twice; but once would be over the cell network and the other time over WiFi. Doing so would also help with the far more common Cell<>WiFi transition cases. However as the phone still only has once Cell radio set it would not help with transition between communication bands or carriers. Since the accounting that actually matters (to Google) is at the data center and based on the way that peering agreements work, I suspect Google would actually find /incoming/ data to be either unimportant or even a benefit to their overall cost operations based on bringing their usage closer to equal. The consumer would only normally care about the cell min used; unless their local ISPs have zero competition (see 90%+ of America). While they may be related by the subject of WW-II, the eastern portion of WW-II does not belong within this threading; the cultures, circumstances, and interactions are different. There are many things that our ancestors; on either side of that conflict, did which we can find moral fault in. Likely multiple rich threads of discussion are required to fully explore the special circumstances of that particular set of actions in their historical context; but this article is not the place for such a discussion. What would make things /really/ fast is optimizing an ad based around what brought a person to the page, rather than anything in particular about that person. In other words, use referers to figure out if they came in based on keywords from a search engine (ads targeted more towards that, but still biased to the page viewed) or otherwise just based on the content of the page. That's it; the first can be quickly memoised across a set of common terms for a page (and while doing so the faster content of page based results can be served instead). No more silly tracking, just showing what someone is likely to be interested in at that moment. Speaking of gender equality, neither he/she nor she/he (though I've been told by those who've focused on that in college that both are correct) is equal. True equality is the use of singular they; though they is really a set of any (unspecified) size. I am quite thankful to those who did the right thing. However at the same time, this same process is used for evil quite often; as the US Congress clearly provides many examples. The problem is that our society is unwilling to actually step back and look at the root problems so we know where to expend energy most effectively at providing solutions. Our social problems are ones that no single magic bullet can fix (except in the sense of destroying the problem by ending it all). If we want to be an advanced society we need to understand that every issue is a symptom. There is no one single cause, no one single solution. There are many contributing factors and each needs it's own solution that incentives the outcome we'd prefer to see. Why is someone homeless on the street? Is it because housing is too expensive, there aren't enough jobs, they lack the skills for jobs that do exist, are they suffering from untreated illnesses (including mental), or is it some combination of those plus other issues that I didn't happen to list. The above issues are also not in themselves entirely the causes of those issues. Our society is a complicated web of situations, and failure is both always an option and omnipresent among endeavors. Go one better. Provide them all of those things, as well as /a/ job (not necessarily one they're trained in) as well as time for and inclusion at, training for jobs that are open. I imagine that maintenance of public infrastructure is a thing which won't go away any time soon. If you define the above as a poverty line (and the re-education time slot is also usable for personal crafts/recreation/etc) then you've also very nicely defined a minimum wage which must be beaten. Providing the apartments at a monetary level in areas also defines a value level for housing in a given area, which is one way of eliminating price gouging (or at least giving added value when it is done). Only if you're not using a superior playback option, like livestreamer. It's the annoying times when your system forces you in to single user mode for repairs, and you have to enter something... or else boot up a rescue disk (the proper solution) to fix it, that make having a root password at all a sometimes good idea. Really though, that rescue disk sounds like a better idea every time I think about the situation. As I recall from my time in public schooling institutions, the presence of students that really didn't want to be there taught me mostly two things. 1) 'Respect my authoritah' (from (some) of those running the place, but enough that it was learned) 2) What I imagine (and thankfully have never verified!) are the skills necessary to survive in jail. Everything else I learned by reading ahead in the books, or from science programming before those television channels became infected with reality TV nonsense. Who says you need escrow services for that? Store your N'th fragments with /friends and family/ that you know well. You might also be able to get in on distributed backups together. I tend to have about 50 or so tabs, per /window/ (it's time for a new one when I can't see the faveicon anymore). I tend to have about 250-300 tabs open in total. Various things I mean to get back to, reference material for projects that I've paused working on, etc. In general when it costs you nothing to keep a photocopy of a reference on your desk, the desktop becomes nothing but photocopies of reference materials. I don't do it on the same basis, but I do have decay batches like that. I'll buy a bunch of undergarments that are frequently used so that there's a whole generation. When I feel a need based on function I buy a new generation. If the old generation still has some service life it becomes 'houseware' (the 'holy' stuff worn only about the house). Socks usually get culled completely once they have a hole of any size (evicted from the generation), while new generations tend to happen when parts wear too thin for comfort in shoes. As we had to pick /two/ numbers, and eventually the set will be released, I don't want to get too close to identifying my self based on these numbers. I chose two numbers that had some (basic) meaning to me and quickly came to mind. They were not related in any way to the month or day in month of any birthdays. I actually would like to comment here. My personal definition for (an unqualified) sandwich is that there must be two /isolated/ 'bread' sides surrounding a payload (the 'meat' of the sandwich). As a quesadilla is often made folded I at first disqualified it; however not /all/ quesadillas are folded. Some are actually made with two individual tortillas. Thus it is close enough to a sandwich to be expressible as a member of that class, while the others that are similarly close are always made with single pieces of bread (cut in the middle) and thus, they are not in fact sandwiches as it is not optional to select different types of bread for the two sides (even though I've /never/ seen anyone do this; it's still /possible/). I wanted to answer something in this class... Except that's no longer random. Back in the days when there were bad proprietary IDE controller chipsets that enumerated differently under Linux than they did windows... Well, as a kid I clobbered my windows install while trying to destructively check the validity of a disk. Checks to see if a filesystem is mounted won't protect you if it isn't. Since then I've been -extremely- careful for any destructive operation on block devices, and generally careful otherwise. Also, I don't know if blkid existed at the time, but it's /very/ useful in avoiding those types of mistakes. As I /really/ don't want to search those terms in order to confirm it... I'm just going to point out that it seems like meatysnapper is saying: Alfa sub hulls were done (, welded using,) plutonium (welding) rods; according to their memory. Not, as another reply speculates, made out of plutonium rods (which sounds silly from all sorts of perspectives). You mean like per process time spent active on a CPU? You could poll that ever so often and log the results to a database if you actually cared; but the act of measuring changes the results... I think you might want to make a distinction between a stream packet and a completed message. If you're going for telnet compatibility then you'll want to terminate packets in CR+LF, but possibly expect to see only CR or LF from the client (ASCII mode). Your stream could either be stateful (a message is always sent complete and in order, even if it takes multiple stream packets) or stateless* (different messages might have stream packets consecutively). It would be more future proof if you started with a message grammar and then defined your protocol on top of that. When was the last time that you, a practicing professional in an industry that has patents, actually used a filed patent's data to solve a problem (which wasn't perpetuated by the existence of said patent in the first place)? I'm worried about friends, family, and small businesses that run Windows with install updates set to automated mode... Shouldn't Microsoft be signing updates so that redirection attacks don't work? Edit: Elaborating on my question; I mean much more like Linux distributions which sign both packages (updates) and the index of those files. Some distributions use multiple hashs/digests to make collision attacks far less likely to succeed. Such an attack could be either the traffic at layer 3 redirected via router compromise, via some name resolution weakness (possibly even to localhost as a way of malware upgrading from being able to edit the hosts file to having system level services). The signing of both the update files and the list of updates could offer protection from an attack that would thus need to be valid for all of the signature checks, not just a single check. Who do you think is making money on running this system? Surely someone is, that's why (in their view) it's 'successful' everywhere... (Successful being to extort the upper middle class for an unfair share of taxes, and regressively dis-enfranchise everyone under them by making their commutes worse so those 'lucky few' can pay a premium to drive at least 45MPH.) The real solution, as pointed out above, involves incentives for desired behavior from all actors via taxes/tax breaks (stick/carrot). Parties that should be affected include businesses, employees, housing providers, and civic planners on all levels. The true cost of living rural should be felt (you should /pay/ for your share of the infrastructure required to provide /you/ with modern services; but you should /get/ them, including actual /good/ Internet). The true cost of employing should be felt (pay for the infrastructure to get workers to you, and for the education that trained them). Housing should be more consistently priced, in city and out, and should also scale up large enough to have 'raise a family well' sized dwellings. Also while you're at it, discount taxes slightly for better auditory insulation (or make it a side effect of /awesome/ fire codes). This way workers would be more likely to be able to afford to live, and thus move closer to their jobs. With the lack of 'lifetime employment' at a company, responsible living is now an apartment, not a house. It will, in a few years. The plans are already set and they've held the public meetings on it where the public doesn't get any chance to change the plans. Greed is the problem. You're missing the point. The answer to number 2 is to be more than your job. To leave work /at work/. I read this the other way. That the post you're replying to here was saying 'flip the table around and try to read the experience from the other side'. Are the engineers really flat and without life, or is it that the venn diagram of their mutual interests has a very small overlap and neither is particularly good at figuring out how to engage the other? The solution is increasing the supply (which is how you actually drive down prices). The real solution, as you point out, is fixing the supply. The reason the rent is too damn high is that the market has insufficient supply. You can encourage buildings with more store frontage near the market level(s) and more housing above by offering economic incentives (possibly with conditions like rent control) until you reach a more desired outcome. PS: While you're doing this please also include civic funding mandates. More transit, parking areas (maybe free parking transit PnRs at the edge?, better designed surface and skybridge interlinks. Parks (public and private, maybe roof top?) as well. A better question is why do we even have 'High Frequency Traders'? Wouldn't the market be better served by a window structure with a scale on a more human timespan? Say a 5 min process in which: * for 4 min orders are taken in confidential secret. * there is a 1 min blackout window in which no orders are taken, and in which any results of settling the outcome of orders is not published. * At the end of that period the new results are published. (It doesn't matter who reacts first, it's who reacts best.) The profit between what sellers are asking for and what the buyers are willing to pay still needs to be accounted for. This could be the market's operating fee (the cost of the sale's commission), it could be attributed to the government as a form of sales tax, it could be returned in some way to the parties involved (buyers pay less, sellers earn more), other, or some combination of the above. How about the impact of automation on jobs. Will this finally mean that we have robots perform more of the drudgery work? Maybe a return to artisans lovingly crafting luxury goods? That game has really taught me how poorly most drivers algorithms probably are. A lot of that is probably a lack of visibility about the actual conditions ahead of the drivers. I wonder how that would change if the actual cost (in time to that driver) of each potential route were known; even if that is in current time costs? (IE how would they operate if they had real time traffic enabled GPS?) Also, their refusal to bypass turning sims is inane. The entire problem is that people look at the effect (Full roadways) and fail to see the related causes (the rent is too ed high (because we aren't building enough valid working and living (not just homes) spaces in the city)). Even for physical products this is the wrong goal for success. For physical products https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continual_improvement_process#... is a good place to start. For intelligent creatures, instilling the ability to choose and learn about new topics at will, to filter bad information from results, and to think critically about the application of topics is a bare minimum set of tools. With that background, and a rich library of documentation, it should be possible to interweave the classical educational aspects in to a cohesive narrative that teaches history, engineering, math, general science, language and reports. School should be a lot more like an expanded version of Connections with James Burke. It can also be placing a file of authentication data at a chosen resource location within the domain in question. (which is, I think, what their tool automates doing) Part of that 'just works' is polish. However it is disingenuous to discount the uncounted thousands of hours of training //per worker// in products with nearly identical look and feel (prior year's versions). This is a result of the /monopoly/ that they have had for decades. You mean if you're trying someone of a crime related to a profession at least SOME of the jury should be trained in that profession? (I'd go for at least a third, or slightly less than half (half minus one) of 'closely related fields'.) Next thing you know you'll be encouraging parents to drink more so that the correct ratio of alphas to epsilons happens. The fact that you just said this, in this context, shows me how clearly embedded the AM/PM 'standard' is for people. Though that doesn't mean it's still a good idea to use it for meetings. It just signals to me that the only way of displacing this imprecise messy standard is to teach people to schedule meetings differently; and to have their smartphones display both the AM/PM time, and the standard meetings time. Unfortunately that would probably still be as a 'timezone', and if we're doing that it may as well just be UTC since every timezone library I've every used already has that and best of all is only off by a few seconds at most without updates. (Close enough for applications that care about timezones instead of leap seconds.) Updated: Having read the article, my own opinions miss a feature of libraries that I had forgotten existed. Human search aids that can better translate the questions of humans in to the domain of curated information that they might also maintain. I am happy to see that I was mistaken in my belief that they would be talking about just books, given their domain name. -- the remainder is my thoughts prior to reading the article. -- For me, it begins with asking, what is a library? If you ask any normal person they'll start talking about books. Books are just one medium for storing, preserving, and disseminating information. A library should be about more than books. A library is a temple for worship of and enlightenment through information; for some of the very aspects that separate us from our ancient ancestors and even more so from the other creatures that live in the ecosystems we share. Libraries can, and should, be repositories and distribution points for information, in all forms and medias. A library should be a well connected hub, not just for books, but also our networks. A library is where local content should be cached, and remote content mirrored. A library should work /with/ local not-for-profits of all types who share the goal of spreading education, enlightenment, and progress in the useful arts of science. More than that; you're forgetting about locale specific DST rules. It is increasingly common for DST to be observed at different times in different countries. Then there are also places (such as Arizona) that don't observe DST at all as well. This is a mess that can only be solved by isolating 'meeting' and 'appointment' times from local time. For local time you might specify X on date Y, but the software should, at the time of input, convert that to an actual hard time (in UTC). Given the other replies in this discussion thread, I am inclined to believe that they are /Good Stewards/ of the design goals they have. I believe a more proper examination of 'open-souce' or even Free Libre citizens might be found in examining the license selected for their works. They chose the GNU LGPL 2.1+ license. Given their other stated beliefs, I read that they believe in allowing others to build off of this work, but would prefer those developers fork it and to begin a sister work that is more optimally coupled to another operating system. No, but I'd argue it's only slightly above basic tools, and from Mythbusters episodes have seen that it can be HIGHLY effective. I can't speak for anyone else, however I can say that the reason that I, as an American, do not own an American made car (but I do own a car made overseas) is because I have no respect for the quality of engineering, workmanship, or value that those cars offered at the time I purchased. Event today, the only American car I can truly be proud of is a Tesla; and that is because in it I see quality engineering, workmanship, and, even as expensive as they are, value. Literally the only poor things I've ever heard of relating to Tesla's involve rare owner error, more frequently error on the part of others on the highway, and occasionally a design flaw that the company owns up to and fixes. I think most people who complain that X (car company) or Y (big bank) should have been allowed to fail (controlled orderly liquidation) see it as a lost opportunity for something smaller, nimble, and filled with the vitality of new ideas to take it's place. Being allowed to fail is the fire of the ecosystem of industry; in it's wake the green sprouts of a new better thing are possible. If nothing else, the cost savings in no longer having to actually worry about that vector of data corruption are well worth the small delta in cost. I'm actually rather amazed that at least error /detecting/ ram isn't more common. I agree. Source: I hate double-flushing toilets that are trying to save water, but always end up doing it. (I often also /pre/ flush on those low flow toilets because I'm not sure the water is sufficiently clean for splashback events.) They are thankfully rare and unpredictable, but always a psychological consideration. I also don't think I'm the only one who questions the sanitation of what is left behind by others. I find it interesting that the biggest threat to installing Arch Linux on a VM... is all of the other things they installed on to the VM. Playing games, installing old and new versions of windows, all sorts of things. Even detours in to immortalizing the process of posting 'proof of life' to various places. Back before I could afford the minor increase in cost of ECC ram, and the larger cost of using RAID 1 or 5 or 6; I got bitten by this very issue in my personal hardware. Just one of many times that I've been taught. Any data that is actually /valued/ should have a backup. Redundancy in operation is more a hedge against hardware failure, and unplanned downtime. Integrity costs; pay for it. This is true everywhere. Postgrads Youth / Young workers Entry level? (Though I still don't see enough of this to actually feed the demand for experienced developers of X). This seems to be entirely: "What Silicon Valley (founders) Think(S) About Politics (and how close are they agreeing with 'general' Democrats)" I was hoping for something more generic, at least 'what tech workers in silicon valley think' (given YC), not how a bunch of talking points line up to other talking points; but an actual sample of, 'here is a problem, what do you think the best solution(s) are?' (then ranked totaling them). It also has that new media style that I /hate/ on websites, where there's some full-screen image delineating sections. Yet they absolutely cannot serve you some clean simple web page, it HAS to have full, you must scroll through them, big images and dynamically placed text. I think this is partly a knowledge problem. People don't have knowledge that this even really exists, or what the expenditures they're asked to fund are actually providing (or not providing as the case might be). A transparent (open) budget from taxes to payment might help, as well as an easy way to compare the typical compensation for this task to others in society. At that point a more informed, and hopefully more humane, decision can be reached. Need? Nope. However it's a total non-starter if they can't archive email forever. Bonus, like faxing still is for some in business, today's worker (and end user) is going to force everything through that hole, because it's the magic service that just makes it work... and when it doesn't they can blame it. That doesn't fix the actual source of the problem; if traffic ingress costs you money then they're literally burning your money via that attack of attrition. The way that most of the 'protection' sites work is that they host so much aggregate traffic that it still totals out to more than the incoming attacks/normal traffic and they can literally just eat it at almost no cost (their service is doing that, and some form of filtering to keep it from reaching the actual target; the 'extra' cost for the attack is almost nothing since the processing hardware is nearly fixed in cost). The only way to handle this from a peer to peer perspective is to be able to send the electronic equivalent of 'gag orders' at hosts/ranges that are misbehaving (and have them stick, either by the other edge or by upstream providers there of). Said orders wouldn't be enough, alone, to warrant quarantine from the Internet, however a number of different sources indicating infected behavior would be. A more reasonable explanation is that irrespective of what he might /want/ to do, he doesn't actually have sufficient power to do anything about the actions, assuming he's actually being accurately briefed on the matter. It's probably more a symptom of how absolutely useless and ineffective at doing anything than consuming money to be elected for corporate interests the US congress has become. I think at this point I might actually be better served by having representatives and senators selected at /random/ from the entire populace. Good. It's too bad that this same stance can't be taken for other aspects of this industry. There just isn't market capacity in even semi-large cities for multiple convention centers so there is literally no competition at that scale and thus nothing to prevent predatory pricing and restrictions of all sorts. Also there is a tendency at the smaller scale for hotels to horizontally integrate so as to form a micro-monopoly on a 'full solution' for their building, meaning that you don't get to pick and choose different providers for different services, you only get to pick at a whole package (and availability) level. Please, the above outdated concepts, just go out of business. Couldn't you just use an actual device medium? The fact that a burnable CD should have no parts that can think actually makes using one for input and one for output probably safer (though you would then need the trusted application to include a CD/DVD burning capability). As an alternative, a 'raw' interface, such as an actual programmable flash device or maybe an SD card could work. It's in the public interest to have more population density and more units that will keep the pressure of competition high. It makes sense to provide incentive for desired development. Urban planning should balance office, housing, and retail space. The city/locality/region/nation should make those desires public, and if there is an imbalance incentive should be provided to correct it. This might be a tax incentive, or it could be financing conditional on some most units always being beneath market median as well as only a limited spread in rent difference. Planning might also want to focus on building a city at more than just a /building/ level. It makes sense to have parking at the edges and covered walkways, maybe with 'people mover' belts (like at airports and theme parks) for major routes. This would make for safer streets and more efficient pedestrian commutes. It's so difficult to keep latitude/longitude straight; which is both the reason for the correction and why I looked it up to be sure. Longitude is the measurement of east-west relative to another point of reference (the prime meridian). Latitude is the measure of angular distance from the equator. Even though the Earth isn't a perfect sphere, at this scale it's effective enough to consider it one. Latitude lines will be parallel with each other. Longitude lines converge, more closely on the greater latitude parallel. That urban planners should really have bike highways/trials. The point is, if you aren't going to do BIG, at least revive the 'new deal'. Unemployment shouldn't mean you don't have a job, it should mean you have the default job; sure that job might be underemployment and you might be underpaid relative to your skills, but you still have a job, a way of actually making the ends meet. Let's also finish the job of providing the other basic rights that a society expecting people to live in a city instead of carving their own village out of the wilderness should. Basic food, shelter, security, and health/death care. Think much more like a grenade; the dirty bomb is looking to use explosives to disperse and 'poison' an area with radioactive contamination. Feature. Progressively more difficult level design. Alternately, Feature, 100%ers can now sink untold hours polishing off those last few items they didn't quite get the first time through. I think it depends more on the intended target audience. The films you have issue with feel like they fit in well with the attention span, vibrant colors and little funny scenes for children in the 6 to 9 year old range to enjoy. I consider anything beyond that something added in to keep the parents awake and the animators sane (or functionally insane as the case might be). The second list of films you mention have emotionally moving plots and I'd consider them a good fit for the next demographic bump, roughly 9-13. I think I might have cried to a film for the first time watching ADgtH as a kid. Puella Magi Madoka Magica is definitely mature. It has intense situations, highly emotional plot, and story elements that younger humans would be less equipped to relate to. I still highly recommend watching at least the first 3 episodes. If you're still on the fence watch another 3 episodes. The third movie is new content... I couldn't resist it, but the series/first two movies are a complete story without it. Promote an over-supply of housing (many story apartments) and small consumer service establishments (ground floors) near job clusters. For mass transit to work best make it /fast/ above all else make it fast. If it takes longer to take the transit than it does to drive it's not a viable option. Another possibility for alleviating congestion is to provide parking silos at the edge of the city network and well connected local transit from them. However the best thing that can be done to end gridlock? Self driving cars save us please! No, it's a great idea. It denies them recognition and legitimacy. If we described domestic terrorists (bomb makers, mass shooters, killers, etc) as 'that waste that killed a bunch of people in X during Y' and never /ever/ published their names (in the news anyway, court transcripts would need to show them) then it would make those actions a lot less sexy. In that same way, we should also call the extremists in the middle east that; possibly picking an arbitrary flavor word that is of no relation to them just so we can make a distinction. There are /quite/ a few extremist groups in that area of the world. If we want all workers to have these benefits, why aren't we doing a 'single payer' style system where contributing to it is a form of tax dependent on worker utilization? When I saw the phrase 'Rent the Runway' I thought of airplanes and related equipment. Maybe the investors are similarly confused by this term, which was apparently a company's name even though it sounds like an action statement. I agree with the over-retailed aspect. Actual retail could mix very effectively as a lining along pedestrian paths, with domiciles above for a few tens of stories. This would pretty much also kill the concept of malls as it would be a return to the shopping arcade; in fact I'd prefer it if combustion motors were banned along the arcade and it were actually properly enclosed. If it weren't a market segmentation strategy, just like limiting the RAM capacity, then there'd be equivalent 'server' chips for most current 'desktop' feature sets and vice versa. However that is clearly not the case, both in my own shopping experience and in the experience of Jeff Atwood (this is in fact something he complains about in this very article). ECC would require running and connecting a few more traces, but that would /surely/ be offset by not having to create as many layouts or source/stock as many parts. In the past AMD used to have a competing/selling point of /all/ of their CPUs supporting ECC ram. Today that is not the case, as they too have mirrored (colluded?) Intel's market segmentation strategy. More interesting would be actually knowing /why/ this made things faster. Probably untrue. My main use case for my smartphone is watching videos while I eat lunch; audio over headphones is a requirement. Floppy discs were only used with computers. 3.5mm cables are presently the ubiquitous way for getting audio out of 'cheaper' electronics to an adapter for more professional audio situations (typically XLR). There is also a /wide/ array of hardware from other ecosystems (headphones in this case) which interact quite well with that port as they have become standards for interoperability and are dirt cheep. Wired, for all of it's potential annoyances, also has the benefit of being direct, isolated, and low power (lower than radio anyway) as well as allowing the whole system to operate off of one supply instead of also needing to worry about charging headphones. The best solution I see is standardizing on a power/data 'hub' that is a generic USB device. It would have the audio line and optionally HDMI/DVI ports that are expected while allowing for device recharging. However even that is seriously annoying. I am once again reminded that the ACLU and EFF are wonderful organizations that attempt to keep the legal system barely sane for everyone else. The context of the proposed data structure is more important for evaluating how effective it is at maximizing performance. This context includes not only the characteristics of the (typical) systems using the data layout, but also the typical use of that structure (read heavy, write heavy, some mix). The cost of memory is also an issue. For a typical end user program the bottleneck is almost always going to be the user. For larger scale programs or more performance intensive areas of a program (E.G. graphics languages or other large data operations) different tradeoffs should be evaluated. Facebook should not be the basis of a web of trust. To prevent abuse it would pretty much have to be pull based. Your area would be a website you own and control, which would have a process that on some activation polled feeds from your friends and aggregated it together for your use. Your friends might be able to hit your wall and see you do that for others; you'd control what you shared via that action. The reason that will not happen is because the average user doesn't understand their privacy, can't easily get a location they own setup like that, and doesn't exist within a web of trust (which you could roll out with this via a public key system). Maybe those problems will be solved someday when server time is so cheep that it's a shock if someone doesn't own a VM which the law would treat similarly to an apartment. I think a large source of the variability in those numbers is the (active travelers) per vehicle. It surprises me how carpooling is actually more effective than buses, but then I realize that it's a point transfer without a driver. I wonder what automated route pooling and 'johnny cab' style self driving cars would do to those numbers? What I got from watching it (during one of the political discussions in a later episode) was that the initial effort, what is seen in the opening scenes, was a combination of blind land grab and attempting to experiment with a new resource. Naturally, once the invading force had awoken the wrath of the public the SDF fought. A huge military base... you mean like Cuba during the cold war? I most frequently use List Comprehensions in a nested manor, whenever I do that I /ignore/ the normal python syntax and do this for readability. inserts = [ a + c + b for a, b in splits for c in alphabet ] It has the effect of showing the nested loops stacked like they would be in code, but without intending. I am not educated in this field, but anecdotally, I believe it comes from the more energetic movement of the atmosphere drawing coldfronts down from the polar regions more frequently. I also prefer to use the phrase 'Global Weather Chaos' rather than 'Global Warming'. Much like I also prefer the term 'Waste Reducing Reactor' to 'Breeder'. Why. Why does this even exist? It's bad enough that we aren't using hex-head but to have two different ones that look so similar an average person can't tell them apart without instructions, AND which not only fit in each other's sockets but wreck them? The end users should ideally not be prompted when they see a certificate renewed by the same CA. It should also ideally be a /renewal/ of the old one, and not an entirely new private key generated each time as well. Of course everything could be tuneable. I believe these are sane defaults. * Prompt on CA change? (Default Yes) * Prompt on private key change? (Default No IF the cached certificate is on the old CA's revocation list.) * Prompt on CA renewal? (Default No) The stuff that happened to this guy makes the precautions that 'mad eye moody' in Harry Potter took seem sensible. Never accepting /anything/ from strangers and distrusting absolutely everybody... It really makes me want to have a stronger social safety net. Designated, on the job, monitored for safety, public service workers who ensure basic aid and dignity is offered to all. It would be nice if this is what a 'peace force' did. I am honestly baffled why he had so much trouble getting a cleanly unmounted filesystem. From either Windows or Linux there are trivial tools for setting the 'check this filesystem on next boot' (if it doesn't do it then and there for you) flag. Let windows do it's check, then actually shut it down (don't suspend it). That should have been the end of that. If /that/ never works then something else is seriously messed up (at best some deeply integrated 'anti virus' software) and a re-install is warranted anyway. My typical procedure after that is to dd copy the start of the disk (up to a few 10s of MB in to the largest partition) and also the end (if GPT), re-read the partition table of the new disk, then use ntfsclone (linux command) on the big partition. If I'm feeling fancy I'll also pre-copy the end of the old NTFS partition to the same offset in the new one. AFTER booting Windows once you can grow the partition to take on the new space. My bet is until automated driving reaches a point where it can become cheaper than the insurance premium otherwise. At that point lies the critical mass where so many will buy it to save money that the price plummets towards zero/fully integrated basic requirement. At least D.C. has a metro/subway system. Seattle's own efforts are anemic, noisy, and above ground most of the time; in addition to being incredibly slow, expensive, and doing nothing to ease a complete lack of urban planning that has lead to a vast sprawl of suburbs and expensive rent in anything like city areas. I would expect that value to be highly speculative. It's like trying to ask the value of a stock/bond. A better way of aligning the tax code would probably be to have a low tax for uses which fulfill the desired criteria of the space, and a high tax (penalty tax) for deviating from that desired use. For high concentration of population urban centers (city cores) I would like to see something closer to caves of steel, where pedestrian levels share a given geographic elevation, and are setup like indoor parks/greenhouses. Building such a feature in to a building should lower the tax rate (as long as the building maintains the park along it). Limiting the vehicle size by weight is crazy. At 300lbs you're specifying nearly the bulk of a normal American adult (we have a lot of obese and nearly obese people; but a lot of strength trainers also qualify). The effort would be better spent more directly attacking the desired result; short-medium (intra small city) transit in extremely lightweight vehicles (bicycles are the traditional solution, but electric scooters are another option). Of course instead of those moving beltways might be a better use of one of the pathways (and promote walking). I think that a 'bill' should have a statement (which is not actual 'law') that clearly records the intended effects of the 'bill'. This could be seen as an executive summary. The contents of the bill that are actually the changes to the code of law would prescribe how that effect is to occur. I would also like to see bills define, in law, how they are funded (even if that is, 'this is funded from a general fund'). I think that the above should be true for every level of governance. The bill should be rejected (patch refused), in it's entirety, if any material not 'directly' related to the intended purpose of the bill is within it, or if it conflicts with existing law in a way that is not corrected by the bill's application to the law. This is what the legal system in a given jurisdiction should do. All law would automatically be reviewed for correctness and compatibility. I like how busybox cat does it, with a do while loop: https://git.busybox.net/busybox/tree/coreutils/cat.c I think they do. I also think they hire maid/butler services. zinssmeister is viewing the /approximate/ duration of a commute as a 'sunk cost' (in time) for the worker. If the jobs are all centrally located even insane real-estate and urban development practices that drive the workers out to suburbs can make economic sense once the workers are conditioned to put up with that abuse. They are saying that many, in fact most, 'local' jobs exist with relatively little opportunity cost for change. Contrast this with a hypothetical future of (E.G) New York, where in 30-50 years they've gone full caves of steel: banishing cars to the edge and having a multi-layer dense mesh of rapid electric motor powered transit and living which intermingles living, working, recreational and (deep underground) industrial productivity. There the opportunity costs might also be the same, but the cost (in time) of migrating might be less, and favor walking on moving belts for a combination of speed and exercise. That's my main issue with bitcoins (aside from how they're marketed to anyone; it is most definitely NOT anonymous!). Instead of 'proof of work' it should require actual, /useful/ work. I think it should be a mix of work /types/ to promote general purpose computing, instead of ASICs. Imagine if a comity decided, and the owners of existing coins voted on, what work was worthy of being included. Folding proteins for medical research, SETI, attacking DRM/bootloader encryption keys... things that benefit the world. It was easier to find the source page via a search engine than from the bug reporting details page... https://sourceware.org/glibc/wiki/GlibcGit https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/x86... https://sourceware.org/git/?p=glibc.git;a=blob;f=sysdeps/x86... It's been too long since I've done any assembly programming, but this really doesn't appear to have good documentation for maintainability; or anything resembling sufficient documentation at all. Imagine you have a user configurable buffer size. Then imagine that the user wants to throw as much ram as it takes at the problem and sets the maximum size to that value. It happens more often than you'd think. You're looking at the costs vs benefits in isolation. We'd get far more than just a trip to mars. Many of the technologies and research in to a wide range of medical fields (including long term isolation/social pressures) that are developed as a result of that endeavor would continue to pay dividends for generations after the trip. However I am very much in favor of sending robots up first; build a place to actually go to and live in, then stock it with a lower order ecosystem, and THEN send anything we forgot with the human payload. Which (including the default for windows of 4 and for *nix of 8 spaces per tab) is probably why Python went for breaking everyone's stuff if they didn't use spaces...