To me this was a huge WTF? If they went to the trouble of making the back easily detachable, why did they deliberately do that? Almost feels like they're trolling the user: "Ha! Fooled you!" Even more so when they officially refer to it as the "battery door" in the documentation! https://motorola-global-en-roe.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod... I can remember that out of all the code I've written, I've very rarely needed a +1/-1 except as part of accessing a next/previous element, so at least from this data point, zero-based indexing makes the code simpler and easier to understand. That second example of yours I had to spend a lot more time reading (and mentally doing increments/decrements) to figure out. I'm almost willing to bet there would be more off-by-one errors if one-based somehow became the norm. And that's something that can be done in a single line at the terminal in Windows, OS X, or *nix. Learning how to use that effectively before learning how to code would already be a big step. It actually has a lot more processing power than the minimum required to "connect to the Internet" - TCP/IP and web servers have been implemented on microcontrollers with KBs of RAM. Parsing and rendering HTML, however, does need more than that... ...or maybe not, as this C64 web browser(!) shows: http://csdb.dk/release/?id=30400 You can already do something like this with smartcards (stick them on a reader/writer), although the data transfer rate and capacity is much lower... More like two connections plus a ton of short circuits... I read the title as "$0 commision block storage"... This looks closer to Mathematica/Maple/MATLAB than a basic calculator, although still nowhere near the power of those. Of course 1/0 should be +Infinity, not ?... (Disclaimer: I have a Mathematica console always open on my desktop, and regularly use it for all kinds of calculations.) Interesting to see that they're reusing what used to be the REP/REPNZ prefices for this purpose, rather than assigning a completely new (and likely 0F+) opcode. I suppose it's because the existing instruction decoder already recognises it as a prefix (they would just be ignored pre-Haswell.) To make a game from scratch, you must first reinvent the universe. Python advocacy aside, I agree that OOP is best taught when it "comes naturally" and NOT the first thing programmers should be learning. That is, the ideal sequence of concepts I think would be (along with a possibly contrived but relevant example): 1. Very basic, sequential computation. Add two numbers. 2. Conditional computation. Find the absolute value of two numbers. 3. Computations over homogenous data: Arrays and loops. Find the average of the absolute value of a set of numbers. 4. Computations over inhomogenous data: Structures. Find the area of a set of rectangles. 5. Computations over "even more inhomogenous" data: Objects. Find the area of a set of shapes of different types, and find the centroid of them. That's where you ask "how would you do this with what you've learned so far", and the learners should start to build different structures with a lot of similar aspects and duplication of code (I realize I didn't explicitly talk about the value of functions/procedures above, I guess it'd go somewhere after 3), and then you show them how much more straightforward it is to do with OOP. Now they know the value of OOP and what "doing it without" would entail, and you end up with a bunch of more knowledgeable programmers who won't needlessly create baroque class hierarchies and write more code than they need to, but will use those abstractions when they have value. There is a huge difference IMHO between e.g. being taught dogmatically "you MUST use functions because abstraction is good" like it is something you should take at face value, and being taught by being given a problem in which you do not know about functions at this point and thus write lots of duplicated code and then being shown the value of eliminating that duplication via functions. I've seen way too many learners create half a dozen classes with a ton of methods in them when given a problem that could be solved in a single function of a few lines, then have trouble figuring out what to put in the method bodies... it's completely backwards! No matter how much "architecture" you manage to create with deeply nested objects, in the end all the functionality of your code is essentially based on a series of statements executed in sequence, much like they would be in a purely procedural language. The fact that many otherwise highly-regarded educational institutions are churning out programmers who can create dozens of classes with dozens of methods in them, and then not know what goes in those methods, i.e. the actual "meat" of the computation, is something I find highly disturbing. If you view OO as a set of organisational facilities above procedural code, then it makes a lot of sense. The article is arguing that abstractions like OOP are unnecessary for a beginner. It is only after you understand procedural code that OOP "makes sense". To take that example even further down the "procedural with OO-ish conventions": Window_open(window); Line aLine; Line_make(aLine); Window_add(window, aLine); Because that's how a computer actually works, and the sequential execution concept is something that is intuitive to anyone who has followed a schedule, a recipe, been taught how to tie their shoelaces, ... , in essence, done any sort of living. Definitely. Structures are data grouped together, classes are that plus you can define functions to implicitly operate on their contents (also known as methods), extend them, etc. Then it becomes even easier to move onto C++. > I'm on a Mac so there's no scrollbars. There's your problem. They are still in use for modern mechanical watches with a date display - to advance the date wheel one day per two revolutions of the hour hand. NO, that is the wrong way to go. HDD is important (especially if you have an SSD) because it shows when it's being accessed, Wifi is even more important because you're communicating over the network when that one activates, and if it's doing so without any reason to then you should suspect something going on (like malware infection). Ditto for BlueTooth. If they're implemented well, hardware indicators are impossible to fake. One of my biggest gripes is how MS removed in Win7 the little connection icon in the system tray that shows when data is sent/received (it even split send/recv into two separate indicators, rather clever I think.) IMHO the trend of "simplification" is going too far. How about educating the users instead of making them more ignorant by hiding anything that they "wouldn't know about" (and making it harder for them to even start wondering about - and thus possibly learning)? "flexibility" is the same reason for why we have software designs that are many times more complex than necessary, an IMHO it's a line of reasoning that should be questioned more. As a compromise, the indicator could be wired-OR: software can turn on the indicator if it wants to, and it gets turned on if the camera is on, but software cannot turn it OFF if the camera is on. Things like this are sort of like seatbelts and helmets: you usually don't need it, but when you need it, you REALLY need it. Indicator LEDs usually just dim (unnoticeably) over time. Catastrophic failures do occur, but tend to be more likely with high-power torch/backlight LEDs that are driven hard to produce the most light rather than indicators which are operated at "visible but not too bright" levels. I have a keyboard from '86 and its numlock LED is still working perfectly fine after nearly 3 decades. configuration. It's also cheaper to "just do it in software". Some laptops will seriously overheat if left turned on without an OS loaded, because the *s that designed them didn't even bother to hook up the temperature sensor to the fan controller and left the "hook up" to OS-level drivers. Care to show any Apple laptops that don't have built-in webcams? Sorry to burst your bubble but actually that "physical switch to disable radios" is, if I remember correctly, just another signal to the wireless card (which runs its own firmware as well). It's not a true power kill. IMHO there's no much simpler way to write a CPU emulator than as a huge switch inside a loop as that models quite well what a real CPU does. Anything more just obfuscates the essence of the functionality. Coincidentally it's very likely the new Furby also uses a GeneralPlus 6502 (CMOS) core. I can also get a good idea whether the CPU is idle or doing some particular task just by listening to the motherboard. This isn't any sort of paranormal effect, it's quite audible. I suspect most of it comes from the inductors on the CPU vcore DC-DC converter. For me, the sounds I hear are somewhat like this: Animated GIF = chuff-chuff-chuff, one chuff per frame transition Scrolling terminal window = low hissing, like someone slowly breathing out Dragging window around the screen = high-pitched whine CPU stress test = very high-pitched whistling Loading a big app = a more noisy hiss than scrolling the terminal window, interspersed with HDD sounds I was tested at a young age to have above-average hearing range, so maybe that also has a factor in how well you can hear these things; I don't listen to loud music or subject myself to loud noises either. The problem in your case (no pun intended) seems to be the difficulty of "finding the right branch". With a CPU emulator, it's not so hard: look up the opcode and there it is. Would you rather scan through a single file or several dozen? Interesting trivia I've wondered about (like "why are the registers in x86 named in A, C, D, B order), not really any issue though; you memorise them just as well in any case if you work with enough code. What autocorrect thinks of "mobile devices", I guess. But people do use them an awful lot for watching movies too... In the case that the value you're switching on is a byte, and all 256 values are present in the case (very common for an 8-bit CPU emulator), a switch is a single instruction. You can't get faster/simpler than that. A little hint for improvement: condition() could be implemented as a switch instead of a long if-chain. Did you use this for generating the opcodes? The Z80 ISA encoding is quite regular and octal-based: http://www.z80.info/decoding.htm Do you pronounce it 'stidder'? And before reading the article I already had the impression that it came from someone seeing error messages going to an awfully inappropriate place. > The researchers examined the printer nozzle after printing, though, and found that a lot of cells were sticking to the interior surface All the advances in science and we still cannot figure out how to stop a printhead from clogging. ;) They could've used a 32-bit comparison instead, which would remove much of the oddities (and probably run at the same speed on modern processors). There's always a pattern to the opcodes, even though in some cases it's not quite so obvious (like x86 - it's octal too). The reason has to do with how it's implemented in hardware. The 6502's is only slightly less regular than the z80 and here's an interesting article about that: http://www.pagetable.com/?p=39 IMHO the switch would improve both style and performance, what caught my eye when I looked over the code was that different flags would require different amounts of time to execute, which really seems an odd thing for an emulator to do. Intel does. http://code.google.com/p/corkami/wiki/x86oddities#register_o... I like the story of PHP because it is a very powerful reminder that ultimately what matters is that something works, not that it is beautifully designed or appeals to some other higher-order train of thought. It's a very grassroots-style of innovation where pragmatism prevails, and there is no "right" way that people dogmatically follow. You don't have to know much about data structures or hashing to do anything useful, just find a way that works. You don't have to worry about finding the "perfect design". If people can learn a language like English with far more irregularity, inconsistent function names are the least of their worries. Just do it. And I find that very inspirational and motivating because it says that anyone who puts enough effort into getting something done, will. ...like everyone who has learned C or its derivatives. It's just part of the vocabulary of the language. You could as well ask "what's a list comprehension " in Python, for example. Never seen that one, but I think it's cute. On the other hand, you now have something that could easily be turned into a regex for detecting spam. The majority also use unbranded/local/clone Android handsets (including ones that look like iPhones). > User experience while crashing improved; some users have reported over a 200% improvement here lolwut? > Directory listing is now more accurate It was inaccurate before? What I find when I work with "pointy" data structures is that it really, really helps to draw diagrams to clarify your thinking. I can write a doubly-linked list extraction with my eyes closed (and it'd probably help to do it with closed eyes, since I can more easily picture what's going on) but it very likely won't look anything like yours... what's dec for? And all the extraneous underscores in the variable names, I don't see why you need them. What's wrong with p and p? XML? For key remapping ? Seriously...? The first thing to come to mind when I read the parent was Sean Wrona too... I use StickyKeys which lets me hit Shift and then a letter, which I think is even faster since you don't have to "un-shift" like you would with CapsLock. I don't know when but very shortly after I started to use vi I learned about and used Ctrl+[, and have been doing that to this day. I still tend to use ^[ instead of Esc by instinct, even when it doesn't work in any other program. Indeed, a bootable browser has little use outside of... web browsing. Even an old machine with an old OS is more usable, especially when there's no network connectivity. That happens a lot more than you think with a laptop. > I still can't multiply two-digit numbers in my head but that never posed a problem in calculus, computer science, chemistry, physics, or anything else. How about daily life? Would you rather pull out a calculator? In my experience, (fast) mental arithmetic is very very useful for all sorts of things. Shopping, driving, eating, anything. Perhaps programming should be taught with smaller programs, if it requires syntax highlighting to "[break]down code into units". (Personally, I hate syntax highlighting because it looks like "like a clown vomited all over the page"; I find it incredibly distracting, especially when different colours have different contrasts against the background. The only time I find it a little useful is to match opening parentheses with their closing ones, and even there I prefer shades of grey to colour.) First read that as "Operation Vulva ". Oops. Kingston used to rebrand Intel SSDs (same controller, just a smaller amouht of flash) for the "value market", so not surprising they were good. I got an Intel SSD (G1 80GB) in my laptop to do OS development (drivers), which incidentally is a use case that requires lots of hard resets. Never had any problems with it, and it's been through dozens if not hundreds of hard reset cycles. In fact I got the SSD specifically because I didn't want to be spinning up/down a disk that much, and laptops tend not to have reset buttons (they really need one, IMHO.) >If a power loss causes the flash to scribble on the wrong SSD location (e.g. the tables that keep track of good and bad blocks), the SSD "dies". The problem isn't that data is corrupted in the flash, the problem is that the devices' own firmware (the SSD's embedded controller, which is a tiny computer in itself, "boots" from that) is stored in the same memory used for data storage. They could've gotten around this by not storing the firmware on the actual NAND used for data, but a separate device (or kept it inside the controller itself), so any power loss may cause data corruption, but not render the SSD completely unresponsible and inoperable. IBM/Lenovo has been doing this with their wireless cards, I wouldn't doubt Apple on this either. But instead of it being a whitelist it could just be they decided to strip out support/detection for all other members of the CPU family. I'm pretty sure Apple can't "fix" this since Intel doesn't offer Xeons in BGA. TCP is only complex because of all the optional bits for performance tuning, but if you are only interested in size, look on the embedded side. The actual core functionality is much smaller, and I would even go as far as to say that a lot of the widely used open-source TCP/IP stacks obfuscate this with their added complexities. E.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UIP_(micro_IP) As long as there are things like SeaBIOS, there is no need for UEFI. I think one thing has to do with the fact that you can find a lot more detailed information about Unix-like OSs than anything else (e.g. Windows), and the general principles being available on over many vendors/variants also makes it a more "generic OS" instead of e.g. tied to Microsoft. SIP/SIPS is nice. You can just use your IP[:port] as your phone number, and forwarding the required ports isn't too hard either if you're behind a NAT. The main issue is the firmware being stored in the same flash memory the rest of the data is, so it's subject to the same corruption. "bit rot" in NAND flash is real - the stored charges will gradually leak out, and especially with the shrinking of each bit cell and MLC, even data that's sitting there dormant will gradually erase itself so the firmware has to periodically rewrite these blocks, at the same time moving them around to do wear leveling (another thing that has been sacrificed in the higher density shrinkage is write endurance.) Corrupting data or BMTs if powered off in the middle of a write is not such a bad thing compared to if that data happens to be the drive's firmware. In the former case at worst you lose a superblock and the OS doesn't boot, but you can still recover from that fairly easily compared to the latter case, where the drive can become no longer responsive. > UNIX is defined by the idea that any end-user might decide to become a programmer at any moment, and this is OK and perhaps even desirable. Very, very desirable in my view; in contrast to the raging trend of simplification/hiding going on these days, trying to turn computers into sealed-box appliances "you're not supposed to know how it works" that give little in the way of things that can get people interested in learning more about them, I find classic UNIX to be very open in encouraging users to learn more about the system. I remember in the pre-Pentium II days people cared rather little about power consumption (TDPs were only a few watts or maybe a dozen at most), and the idle process was basically a very tight infinite loop. Around the time of the PII people (especially overclockers) started noticing that the CPU would stay cooler when halted, and thus started a little industry of "CPU cooling software"... there's an interesting historical page on that here: http://estu.nit.ac.jp/~e982457/other/cpuidle/idle.htm A modern processor, on the other hand, takes a few watts halted and a hundred or more when active, and transitions between these states many many times per second. How much things have changed... x = 5 x := 5 mov x, 5 mov 5, x 5 = x x = x - y sub x, y Most programming languages have dst, src order. It also making comparisons/subtractions and conditional jumps very confusing to read. But would they also be able to replace the public key of the authors in all the other places it appears on the Internet? Oh, that sort of router... For a second I thought someone had coded an IP router in PHP. Which would be a really interesting thing to see, if not particularly practical. I like the sound of computer fans.. the ones I have are a soft hum, which I find rather pleasant. Compilers have gotten better, but in comparison to a human, they are still not particularly good at the edge cases. Things like instruction selection and register allocation in particular, sometimes I wish I had the time to write my own more intelligent algorithms for them. > because you are making the assumption that people want strangers executing code on their machines Except that's pretty much what happens every time you visit a website with JS enabled... It does. ISO/IEC 9899:1999, 6.5.8, p6 has this to say: "Each of the operators (greater than), = (greater than or equal to) shall yield 1 if the specified relation is true and 0 if it is false. The result has type int." cmp price, 100 cmc salc and al, 5 add al, 5 6 bytes not including comparison. "You don't get into the demoscene, the demoscene gets into you." :) I don't see it as a flaw, but now that it's brought to light I think it deserves more investigation. I'd really like to see an open-source SD controller, maybe even one of the SD-to-raw-flash type. But on the other hand, I think we should be enjoying the relative freedom of today (and trying to preserve it for the future); it seems too many are trying to spin "security" as something beneficial, when what they are really saying is "we're making things secure against you and taking away your freedom so we can control what you do; it's also effective at securing against attackers, which is all we're going to promote". If this line of thinking continues we may see devices in the future that are even more locked-down and user-hostile. (FYI I've worked with embedded systems for quite a bit and also knew SD cards had firmware in them that could be modified, but never really investigated it - just put it in the back of my mind as one of those "I'm curious enough that if I had the time I'd have a go at it" things - along with several dozen others.) With process sizes where they are today, there's basically going to be nothing remaining after one erase + program. Raw flash today is already struggling to hold the contents of one write cycle as it is, never mind remaneance from several... IMHO "code golf" would be a lot more fun and interesting (and even practical in some ways) if the goal was to produce the smallest executable and not source . I wonder if MOVEM was inspiration for ARM's (V)LDM/STM instructions? x86 has provided an optimised memory copy instruction ever since the 8086: REP MOVS. The history and evolution of this instruction has quite an interesting story from a CPU architecture perspective. But it may still be an 8-bit 8051 core, from around the same era. You may also find that your monitor's embedded controller is a 6502. These old architectures just won't die, they tend to turn up everywhere now. Originally the instruction was the fastest way to do a block copy, and generally this was the case until MMX appeared, and then it fell into the set of "microcoded CISC instructions no one really uses" - so Intel didn't bother to optimise it much (the RISC fad was also really starting to take off in the PC world at the time) and it started falling behind. But then, in the post-P4 era, when CPU designers realised that high clock speeds weren't everything, and it was better to make instructions do more per clock instead, it got a lot more attention and a lot of detailed information about that can be found in this thread: http://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/topic/275765 Even more recently (Nehalem and beyond), they really started paying attention to optimising this instruction, so that even the byte/word variants will copy entire cache lines at once if possible. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8858778/why-are-complicat... (IMHO the 2nd answer to that question should really have been chosen, since the 1st answer would be closer to reality a decade or two ago.) In a time when computation is largely constrained by memory bandwidth, the size optimisation can have quite practical benefits. There will definitely be variance on different systems but this is why you standardise on the system for a competition. Also, I think it's not quite so impressive to see a 100-byte source file turn into a few hundred KB or few MB binary as it is to see what could be done in a 64K, 4K, or even 256 bytes binary. Yes, this used to be how you flashed a BIOS for a bricked motherboard, when BIOS chips used to be socketed: boot the good board, pull the BIOS chip (while it's running), put the bad/blank one in the socket, and flash, then power everything off again and put the good one back. > Or at least an open source BIOS. http://www.coreboot.org/ I remember when most motherboards would have a physical BIOS write-protect switch, which would've prevented all software from modifying it. These days it's been eliminated from most if not all, for reasons of cost and "but it'll require the user to open the case to upgrade the BIOS!" -- and apparently, the automatic updating software for some laptops will update the BIOS in the background without warning , which is even more disturbing to me... It's much faster and there are certainly people who don't care because the data is worthless to anyone but them. The randomly generated talks here are just as hilarious: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/#talks But the sad thing is, you could probably show stuff like this on a TV series as a "this is what research produces" and the majority of people wouldn't know any better. Isn't it just voltage times current? :) I'd like to have more control over my browser in general, and I think many here also share the same thought. The issue is that browser vendors seem to make it harder and harder to customise these sorts of things by removing configuration options etc. And requiring to install an extension/plugin to get this ability just makes it harder for the average user to become aware of and take control of this. What a word-soup of a title. For some reason I parsed "worry drug" as a single noun and wondered why their makers are poor... > coupled with some physical BIOS chip reader. And the chip reader needs to be cheap enough for us to assemble ourselves; we can't really trust some company to make it for us, because the company could be coerced into subverting it or it could be subverted in transit after we order it. So it seems like we need an open source blueprint of a BIOS chip reader that's cheap and easy enough for anyone to make themselves. (A tall order, to be sure.) BIOS chips these days are almost invariably SPI serial interface, which means it is not difficult to make a bare-minimal "manual" one with a battery, a couple of LEDs, resistors, and switches. Just key in a read command by hand, then read out each bit as you pulse the clock line. Pretty hard to subvert something as simple as that, but the problem is how long it will take, so maybe you could do this just to verify the bits that comprise a "root of trust" and not the entire BIOS image. It seems that communities that mainly use programming languages for reasons of "getting stuff done" value backwards compatibility the most; they are the ones who would rather not have to spend the time "upgrading" things that used to work perfectly fine, and would rather use that time to do something more useful and related to their ultimate goals. Personally I think backwards compatibility is getting less attention than it deserves, and that software should evolve slowly and gradually and not suddenly make huge leaps, because all these breaking changes start to look like they're just creating unnecessary, wasteful work. Imagine if things like mains plugs changed every few months, with appliancemakers all adopting the newest backwards-incompatible version. In some ways software is easier to change than hardware, but at the same time we must remember that effort needs to be expended to perform these changes as well, effort that could be used in other ways, and often there is a lot of interconnectedness in the systems we are trying to change. >Apple doesn't think people need them I am more inclined to say Apple doesn't want people to think they need them. Those caps in the PSU are going to get pretty cooked judging from their position... I would love to see Python seriously consider dropping case and underscore sensitivity in order to speed up developers How? By making it harder to find all occurrences of an identifier? Case sensitivity is debatable since editors have the option to ignore case during searches, but ignoring underscores isn't something any text editor I've seen has as a default search feature. Indeed, documentation is another thing that is going to show schisms, not just code. Backwards-incompatibility means that the majority of Python tutorials and books are just going to be broken, and one of the worst experiences I've had is with finding example code/description online for something, only to discover it won't actually work for the latest version. I have a WGR614v6: it shows no response from port 32764 both from internet and local. At first I thought it was this, which has been known for a long time now: http://wiki.openwrt.org/toh/netgear/telnet.console It almost felt like the memes were for obfuscation, because they certainly had that effect on me. I'd say if this was a presentation, it would be neither informative nor professional. A well-placed meme for humour can be good, I agree. It used to be the case that unaligned memory accesses were twice or more slower because they literally required multiple bus cycles, but for x86 that hasn't been true since the Core 2 at least: http://lemire.me/blog/archives/2012/05/31/data-alignment-for... And MSVC doesn't support GCC's pragma, so for optimal portability #pragma pack(1) is my preferred way of doing it. Coming from an 8-bit assembly background, I've always found this alignment size/speed tradeoff to be a little vexing (either it's slower, or we're wasting memory), and thought "couldn't the hardware be better?" so finding out that x86 has evolved to the point where unaligned accesses basically have no penalty was really pleasing. No more bytes wasted, so we can have small and fast. (How do they do this? By making the memory bus a lot wider than a word, among other things.) IMHO ARM is just starting to see the value of this and catching up, if only the other architectures would do the same... Intel actually put in an feature to trap on unaligned access starting with the 486 (and it still exists today) - look up the AC "alignment check" flag. Of course almost no one used that feature since x86 supported unaligned access from the very beginning, and I think this flexibility is one of the reasons why it's stayed competitive: lots of features initially, not all of them optimal (e.g. division instruction on the 8088 was extremely slow), then improve on them with each new microarchitecture, the result being that existing software benefits from these improvements. In contrast, an architecture that didn't support unaligned access would not do much for existing software if faster instructions for unaligned access were introduced since they wouldn't be used. > It always amused me how Apple is capable of producing so quality hardware and has so bright ideas in design , but makes so awful lot of questionable decisions in software. > I have a MacBook Air and delete key is only 3mm apart from power key and I mishit it from time to time. Am I the only one who thinks the first sentence is a bit sarcastic? I've never used a Macbook Air before, but now that I look at its keyboard... wow. I think accidentally pressing the power button because it looks and feels just like the other keys on the keyboard is a bad design. The one on my laptop is isolated from all the other keys, looks and feels very differenet, and recessed to prevent accidental activation. UTF-8 is variable length in that it can be anywhere from 1 to 4 bytes, while UTF-16 can either be 2 or 4. That makes a UTF-16 decoder/encoder half as complex as a UTF-8 one. > Even worse, you may not even know it fails above the BMP, because those characters are so rare you might never test with them. I don't think this is too relevant because anyone who claims to know UTF-16 should know about the surrogates. And if you are handling mostly Asian text (which is where UTF-16 is more likely to be chosen), then those high characters become a lot more common. On each full paragraph line of text on this blog there are about 75 characters—which is widely regarded as the most characters that you can put on a line and still have it optimal for readers. I still use 80 columns as the limit on all the text documents I write, including source code. Occasionally I'll push it up to 128 but most of the time even I personally prefer 80 as an ideal width. Also, who maximises a browser, unless their monitor is tiny? Especially with resolutions where they are today. I have around a dozen other apps open at the moment and none of them are maximised. It's also cost reduction: why install an extra dedicated switch in the top case when you could reuse one of the keyboard's keys instead? I'm sure if they wanted to, they could come up with some other, less disruptive function to map to a key there. Do you have one of the ones with a separate power button? Who thought it was going to be about screen resolutions before clicking? Mine are 1280x1024 too, and I've never had to maximise windows much - the browser window I'm posting this comment from happens to be 900x600. I'm a little surprised it's not GPS-based, with prices on GPS modules these days easily below $20. Make it powered by water movement and you can have receivers nearby to pick up the signals, so that you can see exactly which sharks are where, how fast they're moving, their depth, etc. The signals just have to be strong enough to be receivable when the shark is reasonably near, any since any that are farther away are of less concern. Even better if they show them on a big screen at the beach. And post-XP a lot of things which used to be there and provided a "good experience" to some users are gone, so some things are more of a loss than a gain: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_features_removed_in_Win... And you might be surprised how many are still using 2K or 98SE, whole communities have developed around providing further patches and improvements. OSs that are "dead" in the mainstream continue on as things approach more of the "retro" community... (I'm still using XP, haven't needed more than that. Will likely still use it even after MS stops support. I also regularly used 98SE up until around '08, then I dual-booted with XP until '10.) ...shared among all the processes in the system. Having 8MB of cache to yourself may seem like a lot, but share it equally with 100 others and you're left with ~80KB. I was just going to post that. Mike is a man who knows his stuff. I was also expecting a long article or something when it turned out to be just a few bar graphs and tables. No complex formatting or anything else that would possibly justify it. Why can't they just put the results on the webpage directly so we don't have to take an extra step? That's what bothers me the most. You might be interested in this: http://hg.pdclib.e43.eu/pdclib It's a public domain C library, much smaller and less of a monster than glibc, plus you don't have to worry about any implications of reading GPL code. The lack of shielding is rarely any problem. Two oscillators is not better than one, since PLLs can generate the required clocks (480MHz = 25 / 5 x 96, 100MHz = 25 x 4, 125MHz = 25 x 5); SMSC has some USB/Ethernet solutions that use the same 25MHz frequency. > The Windows drivers are the exact same digitally signed ones that Microsoft distributes through Windows Update AFAIK there is a standard device class for "USB ethernet controllers", so any chipset that conforms to it will work fine with the standard drivers. As for the unmarked chip - many IC companies are not averse to creating custom designs for a specific customer (and marking it however you want) if you're willing to buy enough. I don't think it's ASIX since they don't have the single 25MHz clock source; more willing to bet on Microchip or SMSC. You know it is usually pretty trivial to assign whatever MAC you want to them. (I have an unbranded Android phone that assigns a random MAC address every time I turn WiFi on/off. Apparently this happens since they didn't bother to initialise the EEPROM and just left it at all zeroes. But this means being harder to track, so I consider it more a feature than a bug...) But all of that speculation is not comparable to actually seeing the clone work in real-world situations. I would've liked to see the OP do a benchmark on transfer rates between the original and the clone. (Unless he aleady did one and didn't find any difference.) Agree completely. I think that contemporary CS education is really responsible for this "more complexity is better" mentality, by encouraging overly general and abstracted solutions, and that abstraction should really be applied only when it's necessary and not as a "just because we can" thing. Aspiring programmers could learn a lot from the demoscene, where astonishingly impressive things are done with very little code and complexity. I guess both of these were related to nested interrupts somehow? As someone who has worked with Win32 for a long time, I think the problem is quite simple; in the message loop body someone put something like if(dataAvailable()) fetchData(); and assumed regular window messages to drive execution of this process. If you don't move the mouse or do anything else with the window, no messages are sent to it (unless a timer or something else does) and the message loop just waits for the next message, so that code doesn't get run. If you move the mouse around in the window a constant stream of WM_MOUSEMOVE will drive the loop. Polling really shouldn't be done in the main message loop; one way to fix this is to move to a completely event-driven system where dataAvailable() sends a message that causes the main loop to run fetchData(). USB descriptors are programmed in the EEPROM, so they could've made it identify itself as anything they wanted. If you can dump the EEPROM, that can provide more clues - the configuration format does differ between manufacturers. Sorry, didn't see that (just dived right into the teardown. :) So it's a ~7% difference, indicating that it's not a straight clone but different silicon with a compatible interface. If you look at the vendors on AliBaba/AliExpress (where the prices are usually too good to be true anyway), the AX88772ALF chip alone goes for between $4 and $14 USD with a median of $8. The RD9700 is "USB 2.0" and what they don't tell you is that it's actallly "USB 2.0 (FS)", i.e. the 12Mbps full speed mode. It also comes in a 32-pin package, and comes from a shady-looking company ( http://www.corechip-sz.com/ ) that has parts numbered 6872 and 6873, so the "RD6877" on the PCB of OP's clone suggests it might be a RD6877. If you go only on the definition of a clone being "compatible interface", then there are tons of other examples of that in the electronics industry - it's more commonly known for simpler parts like voltage regulators (how many companies make a '7805?), opamps, transistors, etc. but also occurs with more complex ones too. IC companies make unadvertised products all the time, for anyone who is willing to buy enough... look at Apple's Lightning cable and TI's BQ2025, for instance. > Instruction codings are complex and irregular in size and structure, with multiple addressing modes and no consistent memory placement for operands, very often multiple possible encodings for the same instruction It's only complex and irregular if you look at it wrong. ;) The x86 (like the 808{5,6} and the Z80) instructions look organised in an octal format: ftp://mipt.cc/Opcode.txt I haven't inspected the code in any detail to see if it takes advantage of this. Note that you can link with MSVCRT.DLL to get an even smaller binary. Now you have a tiny emulator binary built from a tiny emulator source. I just put in rubbish for that part. OCR'ing books isn't bad, but I really don't find the idea of helping Google with house numbers appealing at all. Agree, plain USB (i.e. something like a webcam) would be a much better interface. On the other hand, if this really catches on, and the sensor technology cheapens, in a decade or two we may start to see generic webcam-like thermal cameras from China showing up in the $10 range... which would be rather fun. New advice: after typing PIN, place your palm over the buttons to heat them all evenly. Are you going to "upgrade" it? I wonder how a table lookup compares? Something like mov edx, @table xor eax, eax loop: mov al, [ecx] inc ecx cmp byte [edx+eax], 0 jnz loop I really wish Intel would optimise lodsb, scasb, and the rest of the string instructions, since they're powerful and particularly suited for this sort of scanning. What is with all the use of line graphs for showing categorical vs continuous data? Did the authors not know about bar graphs? It looks absurd and ridiculous. I've set my browser to use a fixed-width font (similar to the X terminal ones but with some minor improvements like slashed zero) and override the sizes, precisely so I don't have to deal with some horrible choices some websites make. I use what works best for me. I wouldn't say their semantics have changed but certainly their implementation. The fact that Intel used to recommend against using them but now advises the opposite, suggests that scas/cmps (memchr/memset) could be next. In any case, the thought of one machine instruction doing better than lots of carefully hand-written assembly is nice. On some tour buses in China, the rear view camera's position is adjustable with a joystick on the dashboard. Cached doesn't mean free. Every byte of JS still has to get parsed even if it won't ever be used. I really like how this demoscene-like mentality of being efficient with our computing power by only applying the minimal, needed complexity has started to get a more mainstream following. The traditional approach of piling on more complexity in the form of abstractions and other things is simply not sustainable. "The fastest way to do something is to not do it at all." On the other hand, I find it reassuring that you can easily become root if you have physical access, since it means being able to easily recover from screwups with your regular account. I've noticed that secure systems have the property that the more secure they are against attackers, the easier it is to be locked out of what you own. From one of the linked blogs containing details: > There were lots of dynamic allocations This surprises me; a lot of codecs are specified in such as way as to not require dynamic allocation at all. I hypothesise that if it was written in another language, we would just see bugs appear in a different form. The point of the flashing brake light is to get your attention, apparently it's legal at least in the EU. > It is not impossible to conceive of malicious code being able to exploit an unpatched browser flaw and overdrive the motor to destruction. The vibrator motors used in phones are not that fragile and vibrate being stuck on will more likely just annoy you and drain the battery faster than usual -- that is, until you get annoyed enough to pull it out. ( Maybe annoy you, as a quick search shows plenty of people who want their phone to vibrate continuously... for whatever reason.) Reminds me of those quote I've heard a few times: "gdb is designed to make you hate using it, encouraging you to be more careful when you write code." Here's a comment which suggests that at least some of them are thinking 1 star is the best: Kubilay Tekin: I hadn't gave 1 star just because I want my comment gets shown on top, I actually think that the game is aweful aqws.w.wew..ws (I've seen this phenomenon before - there are quite a few who associate 1 with first place , hence surveys and such often have the [1 = worst, 10 = best] next to each "rate xxx on a scale of 1 to 10") I saw it as that he is giving 1 star because he wants the comment to be seen, but actually thinks it was awful (implying that he wouldn't give 1 if it wasn't awful). Either way the grammar certainly taxed my parser... > 666,355 For a second I misread that as 65,536 (64K) reviews. It has a very... steampunk aesthetic to it. If I've interpreted this correctly, it means that all values between 256 and 65535 can't be encoded this way since they all have the form 0x0000nn00 with a nonzero nn, and those are the bits that can't be gotten to from rotating. > DDR4 can be twice as fast as DDR3 Emphasis mine. DDR3 was theoretically supposed to be twice as fast as DDR2, but real-world benchmarks showed nowhere near that level of improvement. Thanks, overlooked that detail. Very interesting encoding scheme. From my experience on x86, GCC's -Os isn't that great - looks like it's the same for ARM. 10mg of radioactive material can cause a lot more trouble than you think... especially since the hazards are of a less familiar nature than e.g. fire. > I was expecting it to be a lookup table. There's one ISA I've worked with before that does have -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, and some other "commonly used constants" like powers of 2 encoded specially in the immediate. I think it was an 8-bit, but I can't remember exactly which one. Anyone know what I'm referring to? I remember there was a "never" condition, which was present just for completeness; it turns out ARM eventually found that having 2^28 different NOPs would not be a good use of opcode space, so it's now a special extension for newer instructions... Humans are familiar with fire and heat. They are not so familiar with the effects of radioactivity. That's the scheme. Although probably MSP430 took its inspiration from the one I had in mind since I was thinking of an 8-bit MCU from the early 80s - might've been Motorola. I've never been a fan of automatic updates for this reason. Changing things silently, while seemingly praised by some "usability experts", implies taking away user choice and replacing it with submissiveness. It's creepy. What are Chrome extensions written in? I don't use Chrome but if it's JS then it wouldn't be difficult to verify these claims. I don't like infinite scrolling either because there is seemingly no end, and no "landmarks" like page numbers that you can refer to to see how far you've gone. A news item a short while ago had the similarly phrased "router in PHP" and for a moment I thought someone had actually used PHP to write a layer-3 networking device. Would it be of any benefit if Uber cars were less identifiable? > For reference, the 15-minute law mentioned in the article is a restriction that companies like Uber have to force their customers to wait at least 15 minutes This law is disadvantageous both for the customer and the driver, so just how difficult would it be to even enforce? Is this a practical, answerable question based on an actual problem that you face? Well, in this case it seems the actual problem... is your face. What I was really getting at was more like who would be the one wanting to enforce this; customers and drivers alike wouldn't want to follow it. I once spent a rather long time trying to get Linux to work like Windows, but in the end gave up because it still didn't "feel right" to me. I think *nix has an awesome CLI, but dismal GUI options, while Windows is just the opposite. And don't forget they're actually stripping out tons of features from the newer versions too, and in the process also making it require more resources at the same time. He doesn't even have his own email anymore and has to borrow someone else's? I hope the rate of change decreases... but I think it's going the opposite way. We are generating enough e-waste as it is already without a mass trashing of otherwise perfectly working machines not powerful enough to run a newer OS. Each new CPU model released is already providing smaller and smaller improvements in performance. The day when hardware stops getting faster and bigger couldn't come soon enough; maybe that's when software will actually get more efficient and we'll finally realize what a wasteful approach we've been taking with software development for the past few decades... > The world isn't going to improve if we optimize for older generations of people who are used to a certain way of doing things and dislike change. And that statement goes beyond software. On the other hand, it isn't going to get worse either...! I'm also in the group who thinks that many of the changes occurring with software today are really only done for the sake of change, to create work, and not actually beneficial. I think the newest trend of hiding UI elements "because it looks better" or "for more screen real-estate" (when screen resolutions continue to get larger) almost borders on being offensively patronising. Except Win 9 would probably require a machine with over 100x the CPU power than what 3.1 needed, and yet still not be any better for the basic tasks of email, writing documents, etc... My guess is that "daughter killed in car crash" ended up in the field where someone's position would usually go. Reminds me of this: http://www.snopes.com/business/consumer/bastard.asp > The internet would be a much cooler & smoother place if all webapp-devs could assume that everyone is using the most up-to-date, cutting-edge browser. I wish Google would enforce this by choosing 2 saturdays every month to simply break Youtube for anyone on an out-of-date browser. This sort of attitude really, really disgusts me, as an end-user (and webpage-writer). Many of the things that are being pushed on us, many of us do not need nor want . We want stability, not constant change. Breaking things that used to work is one of the worst things to do. Requiring users to use (and in many cases relearn) newer, more resource-consuming software just creates waste, in the physical and chronological sense. What "new features" exactly, and how do they have a "positive impact" on the end user ? I disagree with the sentiment that somehow using new features is obligatory and directly related with how much "better" a website is; in fact the most informative and most visited sites I use, are also the ones that tend to be the oldest and not use any of these new features- often hand-written HTML4 or even 3.2. > There are major advances happening in webdevelopment and they'd move even faster if webdevs didn't have to worry about people who refuse to let go of some old browser. The point is precisely that we don't want you to "move even faster", because it more often than not means breaking things that used to work perfectly fine for the end-user, and the only people who are really benefitting from these changes are the ones getting paid to "fix" things that weren't really broken in the first place - i.e. the "web developers", of whom there are far fewer than end-users (or just people who want to share their knowledge with the world and write a few HTML pages)! So... what new features exactly would those be...? Agree, in fact if this happened to me - given that I work with some of the systems that could give rise to such things - I would probably be more amused and curious to find out what happened, than angry. ("How did you even know that...?") I agree, although Intel is still not as open as they were back in the e.g. 8086 days - stuff related to the BIOS/memory controller init sequence is still AFAIK requiring NDA. Better than AMD, at least - just try finding the pinout of socket AM2, which was released over 7 years ago. I very recently had to help someone who was using a new Win8 laptop, and it's amazing how much the little things matter - like the title bar's text being centred. I had several notepads open and it was difficult to see which one was which file, because with the text at the edge I would usually leave that edge of the window sticking out beneath the others, but with the title centred I can't see the filename from either side. That seriously annoyed me. Loop unrolling is actually becoming somewhat of an outdated technique for modern processors: http://www.agner.org/optimize/blog/read.php?i=142 "It is so important to economize the use of the micro-op cache that I would give the advice never to unroll loops." I don't know how AMD compares. Currently the Tesla userbase is relatively small so it might not be that worth pwning, but as cars start becoming more like this, we might start seeing some worrying news items... and I'm almost willing to bet at least one person in the world, if not a group, is already trying to find exploits in one. It already astounds me greatly how much common people don't know the basics about EM fields when we've essentially been immersing ourselves in them for over 100 years . The main danger is power level causing heating/burns - and a microwave operating at 1000W+ is going to do that far more easily than a router with 1W at most. > Plagiarism isn’t a crime Copyright...? I like how it has more I/O options than the real thing. They've been around in China for a looooooong time... Depends what you mean by "decent"... The world's fastest typist, Sean Wrona, would abhor that - he uses capslock instead of shift(!) He can go 200WPM+ so, clearly he's doing something right... Could a lot of that activity just be bots? There are some people who actually google... Google. I don't agree that Google should be the one doing this, most browsers have a setting for referer like off/on/same-domain-only and if someone wants privacy they can set it the way they like. It's also extremely irritating if you're copying a link to the site from Google. The thing about this cartridge is that it's a physical object, and people can generally see more value in possessing one rather than effectively just a very large integer... someone has already dumped the ROM for this one and you can find it offered in a lot of places online. I noticed this a few weeks ago (not sure exactly, but I don't really mistype domain names all that often either) and I can remember the first time that 198.x IP showed up I was rather shocked since the domain I mistyped was my own site's (!), but they seem to have stopped doing it now. Perhaps L3 themselves have a lot of stuff both within and outside their subnet that depends on these servers behaving correctly. I'm one of those weird guys who thinks this game would be a whole lot more fun if all you had were NAND gates. Nothing exciting here... if you have physical access, it's game over. But this also has a positive side: Ensure that FireWire drivers are present and not removed from the system In other words, if you don't have FireWire drivers installed, then this won't do anything; another plus for not installing the drivers for those who have a system with FireWire ports but never need to use them. My laptop has both FireWire and USB controllers disabled, the former because I never use it and the latter because I almost never use it - and when I do, I find it's not too much hassle to go into the Device Manager and enable the one for the one port I intend to use. Another positive side-effect is that the USB drivers seem to take a rather long time to initialise, so booting is much faster without them. I like how it has more I/O options than the real thing. I'd probably not use an Apple logo though... maybe a pear? :) This would be possible with regular PCI which is bus-based, but PCIe is a star topology with ports on the upstream switch needing to be configured into an active state for the newly plugged in device to communicate with the rest of the system. I haven't looked at the specifications but I imagine it's the same for Thunderbolt - the controller itself has to be enabled first. Something about this reminds me of RTP... Is there something about the C++ standard (templates?) that requires recursive include to be valid? Because that first one looks like it would be really easy to check for and stop. No 2-stroke diesel? (They make the most awesome sounds, IMHO. Especially the Detroits.) Well... the lawyers want you to think it's not really yours, it's the copyright holder's... Ditto for "My Computer", "My Documents", etc. I think Vista was the first to get rid of the "My" prefix - and whatever reason they give for it, I still think they want to slowly separate users from the idea that they own (and thus are in control) of their machines...