I signed up for HN over 2 years ago, made one post, then promptly forgot my login. I've tried on a few occasions to remember, but this is the incentive I needed to finally figure it out - thanks. Disclaimer: I've never done an industrial-class password hash, but the salts you show match my understanding of good practice. Coincidentally this was posted on HN today, and it takes issue with the hashing method rather than the salt: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Grados are old-school ugly, but they sound fantastic and don't completely block out the world. I have the SR60. I keep seeing this "problem" come up, but I don't understand how it's realistic. If you have a function that modifies a parameter as a side effect, why would you have a default value for the parameter? And since the site's comments seem to be taken over by link spam, is this mention on Hacker News just a clever way to juice the Google rank of said spam? How is that possible? I thought that a generic word in common use couldn't be trademarked at all. Is the system really that broken? First step, talk to a lawyer. Don't trust anything you read on the internet, including what comes next - I am not a lawyer, and even if I were I am not your lawyer. I find it funny that the letter talks about copyright and making copies. You can't copyright a name, although you can certainly trademark it. uspto.gov has a trademark search function. And there's no better reward for the prankster than taking your freak-out public. The link ends up at a paywall. Sorry, can't be bothered. Interesting tech, but calling it 300 DPI is a bit dishonest. It takes 2 pixels to get the full color gamut, so your effective resolution is cut in half. If you have a programmers.stackexchange.com account, you might want to put a vote in here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/47197/are-the... I guess Bing has a little catching up to do in its misspelling detection. I've often been glad I'm not a lawyer. Could you imagine writing code (a contract) that you can't test before putting into production, and running it on a processor (Judge) that would execute it inconsistently from every other processor? The more useful BitCoin becomes, the more of a threat it becomes to the governments of the world. You'll be creating a huge lightning rod. The two most likely outcomes are BitCoin is a flop and so are you, or the government shuts you down. Not very promising prospects. The peak always comes just before the decline. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The best way is to point out real-life bad outcomes. It's a bit difficult because they tend to be hushed over. Here's one example, I'm sure nobody had access to their database either: http://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/articles.php?art_id=2415 No question I'd talk to a lawyer before trying to integrate this service into my own product. Already discussed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2687680 Is it the work "TODO" which has been trademarked, or just the graphic associated with it? If it's the word, I'm disgusted - words and phrases in common usage shouldn't be eligile for trademark. Bitter much? The value of a college education hasn't changed in a long time. It has never been a guarantee of a job. It has never been the only way to learn things. The only thing that has changed is the cost: the price of college has outpaced inflation for many many years. Only a small part of your rant covered that aspect. Success comes to those who demonstrate their worth. A degree is only a part of that process. You're going to get a huge amount of selection bias in a poll like this. The people most likely to try out Google+ are the ones who were already looking for an alternative to Facebook. You could simply open the footnote in a new tab, then the only effort to returning would be to close the tab. Or better just leave it open for the next footnote you come to. Citations go 20 years before that: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Citations:automagical#English Unfortunately the P&T office has gone stark raving mad. And nobody will step up to overturn these because that costs money, and who will fight for something they can't own either? I just turned on showdead but I still can't see anything at the link. Even if the patent has expired, copyright is still in place. You can't use the code unless it was placed in the public domain by the author or you have been granted a license. You could however write your own code that expresses the same algorithm. Nothing about this protects you from violating any other patents. The patent may be expired, but an enhancement to it might be granted a new patent, and your implementation might inadvertently infringe on the enhancement. There may also be cases where two patents cover the same algorithm. Be careful about assuming a patent has expired, terms have changed in the past and you have to consider foreign patents as well. Like a virus scanner. Or a virus. Shouldn't you be asking GoDaddy instead of us? Seems like a simple problem to resolve unless they're actively ignoring you. Old joke: "Being a founder means you can work half-days if you want. The best part is you get to choose which 12 hours that is." Your relationship with your customer(s) should be your number one priority. With a 1 year head start you should be the premier option, it would be interesting to find out what caused this defection. If you strongarm them back to you, what will be the long-term consequences? Deleting a ton of emails is one sign of a hacked account, and Google has been trying to add safeguards lately. They're probably waiting for you to contact them, at which point you'll have to jump through hoops to prove you're the rightful owner. The current system works well enough and is unlikely to be replaced, ever. 1) Append .com and see where it takes you. 2) Let a search engine figure it out. And tell me again why this belongs on HackerNews? The devices exist already, except they're all running Android. It shouldn't take more than a few tweaks to get WebOS running instead. Any HW manufacturer could try it to test the waters, and if they're first it would be good PR. Ironically the site features don't work in IE8. I went back to the link and couldn't find that disclaimer. Can you tell me where it is? Edit: never mind, it's not on the linked page, it's on the parent page. And how was I supposed to know that? I think ultimately the worst thing will be the unintended consequences, but those are hard to predict before they happen - and don't fit conveniently into a sound bite. Naturally there are always applications that can use more raw power, but the article focuses on those segments and I think that's misguided. The real growth powered by Moore's Law in the immediate future will be processors that are lower power and cheaper, not faster. The success of the iPad has proven that faster processors are not what the public is clamoring for right now. Mainstream tasks really hit diminishing returns after two cores. Not that processors won't get faster, just that the transistor budget won't get used to that end exclusively. I'm pessimistic for the future of the cloud on mobile devices, because we'll reach a bandwith limit. As the frequencies fill up the pipes are going to get more sluggish over time, unlike the trends we see in other tech sectors. Reminds me of the children's book "Something for Nothing" which took the principle a step further. When some cats started trashing a dog's house just for fun, he offered to pay them to do it. The next day he paid more but made them work harder for it. And again etc. Finally he said he had no more money, and the intrinsic motivation of the rogue cats was gone - he never saw them again. Reason 1: past success is the best predictor of future success. With no track record you can't be evaluated. Reason 2: there are certain things that can be only learned by experience. If you have no experience, you haven't learned those things yet. A VC or Angel knows they're taking a risk that you won't be able to handle the job, so they spread their investments over a lot of companies hoping to find that diamond in the rough. Even so they're not going to hand over money to everyone who asks for it, you need to prove yourself to them through some means other than experience. Look at how tough it is to get into YC for example. I have a friend who worked as a programmer until a bad case of burnout coincided with a layoff. He's been driving for a delivery service for at least 10 years now. I've never heard of Deja Vu harming anyone, but I'm not a doctor. Maybe you should start by talking to someone who is. Have you been taking care of yourself? Getting enough sleep? You're blaming Apple because the different carriers all decided on incompatible RF standards? You're blaming Apple because your carrier doesn't offer a family data plan, and you refuse to consider a wifi-only iPad? I think you're ranting in the wrong direction, and in the wrong place. I thought this would be a perfect chance to try http://octopart.com/ but no luck there. Sorry. There are a few states that have laws covering this situation, otherwise it probably depends on the agreements you signed when you were hired. stackoverflow.com/questions/401269/states-having-nonassignable-invention-exceptions-similar-to-california-code-sect I don't know what the default is in cases where there's no explicit agreement, but this outcome seems possible. www.dilbert.com/2009-01-22/ Forgive me that the links aren't clickable, I'm having trouble submitting this comment and I suspect it's a bozo filter that I'm tripping. I think this is missing the difference between grabbing your Facebook login and using Facebook's OpenID capability. The only piece of information StackOverflow gets back from Facebook is the fact that you're logged in there. Does the Linux disk cache push out pages that are used by running applications? I believe Windows does it, though I can't state that for a fact. How well does it work with formatted email? The problem is coming up with a scaling algorithm that works ideally on every kind of image; it simply can't be done. Some methods work better for some images, and other methods work better on others. Wikipedia has a good overview: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image_scaling The scaling in the browser has to work on any arbitrary resizing, not just 2x. A simple pixel doubling only works in one specific circumstance, and would be inconsistent with other scaled images. I've always felt that reputation is an imperfect proxy for how helpful you've been, which is the important thing in the end. That screen shot is a much more direct measure - you should be proud of it! Unfortunately, justice doesn't scale. Or at least they haven't found a way to automate it yet. I get the feeling from what I've seen online that they just decided to accept a certain rate of false positives. From their point of view one less seller doesn't make a whole lot of difference. Obviously things look different from your end. This is exactly why Jeff Atwood was wrong. If you can solve your own problem instead of having to communicate it to someone else, you've taken away 75% of the impediment to a solution. Yes, context is key. My implied context was small problems that can be solved with just a little bit of programming. If the problem is big enough to require a team then a different approach is required. People deal with small problems or questions all the time. If you can answer your own question using less effort than it would require you to communicate the question to someone else, you're ahead. http://dilbert.com/strips/comic/2000-08-19/ It also has HDMI. They should have dropped the VGA and saved a buck. If you don't have a young girl you might not appreciate the link between "Pinkie Pie" and "Pwnie": http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Pinkie_Pie The wording is rude, but I'm sure that's because it's an off-the-cuff answer. The concept is valid though - advertise up-front that the lowest cost option does not include free support. You can add a 4th option with a link where users can ask for help from other users. Have they backpedaled at all on their decision to not build executables for XP? I couldn't find any mention on the Jason Zander blog, so I assume not. You'll miss out on some C++11 features. That might be a good thing though, we've already run into a vector bug in VS2010 because of it. That's half the answer. In reality much of the efficiency gain due to technology is going to the employer rather than the employee. Even if you were content with a 1960's lifestyle, it would take more hours to support than the technology gains would suggest. The link appears to be down now, either it served its nefarious purpose or it's a victim of its own success. The marked answer may be changed, so there's still hope. The problem is when the question is asked by someone who won't be back to see your new awesome answer because they've already moved on. There are many ways to get to a blog page - Google for one, Hacker News for another. You really need some way to put it into context. Why lose the opportunity to introduce another potential user to your service? That's only due to the age of the question. If a similar one were asked today it would be shut down before it got 2 answers. No, I'm not saying there should be explicit text in the blog. I'm saying there should be a link somewhere on the page that takes you to the home page or "About Us" or "More about ". That's good design practice for any web site, because there's no telling how someone landed on your page. Finding a leaf node shouldn't leave you stranded. I nearly burst out laughing when I read "Hacker Noise". Seeing the breakdown from 1900 makes me very worried about the reports of TB strains that can't be cured by any known antibiotic. E.G. http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2012/01/invincible-tb-indi... They're using the Craigslist reputation and page views indirectly. The information is only on Craigslist because people placed it there, and what was their reason for choosing Craigslist in the first place? Reputation and page views. How does simple zooming produce that horribly mangled graphic on the left of that screenshot? That seems like a deficiency in your browser. I don't think anti-aliasing is the explanation. I had a look at the GIF zoomed up in Paint.NET and there's nothing unusual about it, just the gray triangle with some lighter-shade pixels around the edges. I think the browser has a flaw when enlarging images with transparency - eliminating the transparency around the arrow would probably fix everything. Craigslist clearly states that they don't own the data. But just because they don't own it doesn't make it public domain - the ownership belongs to the person who created the listing. To be totally free to repost the data you would need to get explicit permission from each owner. I'm sure Craigslist is counting on nobody bothering to read the fine print. As long as they don't start enforcing the clause on individuals there won't be any outcry outside of tech circles, and nobody's going to notice the difference. If you refuse to sign away your rights on principle you'll just be locking yourself out of the market. The genesis of this was back in 2006 when Microsoft started requiring graphics board/chip makers to keep some aspects of their design secret, to support DRM in Vista. That includes hardware details and code, i.e. open source drivers. See http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/pubs/vista_cost.html I'm actually quite glad that adequate drivers are available, even if they're not open source. That outcome wasn't guaranteed. Which leaves the question, was the cut in IT a cause or a symptom? It could have been the last in a long line of bad decisions; I can't see this bringing down a company all by itself. If there are people making money off those HFT trades, then somebody else is losing money. It's a persistent tax on the entire market. Just because it's in the background where you can't see it doesn't mean it isn't affecting you. I find too many web pages go the other way and use a light gray for the text. The text looks washed out. Too little contrast is as bad as too much. The new Retina displays for the Macbook should fix that problem nicely. You'll get sharpness and beauty at the same time. Interesting link, thanks. And I notice that the site uses #222 for the text color. I think it has more to do with expected outcomes. It's hard to argue that a + operator on a string or matrix class is a bad idea, because the outcome is intuitively obvious. For the other extreme see boost spirit for C++, which I'm sure was written by excellent coders. I think he misclassified exceptions. A true conservative avoids exceptions and uses error code returns instead. Serif fonts have been under-represented for years, because our displays just aren't good enough to do them justice. When the pendulum swings, it always swings too far - look for serif fonts to become the next big thing. Personally I think this prediction is a little premature because the retina displays aren't widespread yet. I've got my eye on Open Sans for the near future. Half the bandwidth with no quality loss is a pretty bold claim. Bold enough to be unbelievable - it's not like the existing codecs are doing a horrible job. Data rates are easily measurable, so I'd guess that "no quality loss" is an exaggeration. Anybody have any data on this? The site name implies Helvetica, but uses Arial in the examples. Anybody who knows the difference will never come back. One of the points in the article is that Microsoft can't predict the future, and might miss a hundred-million dollar opportunity because they don't recognize it. Today there's nothing to stop someone from exploiting that opportunity regardless of Microsoft's blindness, but that won't be true in the future. So they're lying when they say it can play 1080p videos - the screen is barely larger than 720. The sale of one iPad makes up for a LOT of lost sales in the app store. I'm sure it doesn't bother them yet. Re side loading - I thought Windows 8 RT was locked down as much as an iPad? You can't load anything unless it comes from the Windows store, right? And you can't root the device either. A modern keyboard re-imagining should ditch the caps lock entirely. When's the last time you found it useful? Putting flash into the physical address space isn't likely to be practical due to their block based nature. One of his comments far down the page just struck me: "It's ignorant people like you that hold back the rest of the world. Please just disconnect yourself, move to Pennsylvania, and become Amish. The world does not need another ignorant web developer that makes some fixed-pixel designs. But maybe you'd be a wonder at woodcarving or churning the butter?﻿" I suspect that's because you haven't seen high enough DPI yet. The 200+ DPI that Linus calls for is really the bare minimum. "Starting tomorrow, the Acer Chromebook will be available for $199 in the U.S. on Google Play, BestBuy.com and rolling out this week in select Best Buy stores." The kind of person who has heard of FizzBuzz before is someone who cares about their profession and reads about it. They're unlikely to fail the test in the first place. For it to become common knowledge it would have to be part of a significant percentage of interview screens across the industry. Evidently that hasn't happened, and I wonder if it ever will. You don't actually need the modulus operator, although it makes things simpler. Just use (x/3)*3==x instead. Any chance this is just a smokescreen for other problems at HP? I'm not saying they're lying, but certain things like timing are under their control. I also wonder how much leeway they have for the amount of the writedown. Certainly the numbers need justification but you can always tilt the evidence to support your desired outcome. Be sure to read the follow-up: http://www.marco.org/2012/11/29/the-wrong-movement The argument is that they need no push, they act that way already. It's everybody else who needs to recognize them for what they are. "Some people only need to be introduced by their first name" - maybe so, but it would have been nice for them to mention it at least once. Yes, I was referring to the "van Rossum" part of his name. Sorry for not being clear. The example of Firefox doesn't really apply here. It succeeded because Microsoft dropped the ball and there weren't many viable alternatives. Does anybody think Apple and Google will make the same mistake? Screwing over the artists is absolutely nothing new for the music industry. I wonder what percentage of musicians made minimum wage or above under the old model? Afloat != viable. There may be some shell kept alive to take advantage of those contracts, but the chance of a renaissance is 0. If he was such a great lawyer, why is he now in publishing? I would take the word of a practicing lawyer over one who has left the field. It is the responsibility of someone in the company (not necessarily a lawyer) to think about how those legalistic terms would look before they were unleashed on the public. The company is now big enough to know better. The changes to the TOS that are promised in the blog post should have been made up front, not in response to a PR disaster. How will it bite them? The blog post has no legal bearing, and they can just claim they changed their minds - circumstances have changed, etc. Easy to misinterpret by people who aren't lawyers and judges is the implication. But when actual lawyers come out and warn you about what it really means, you need to be concerned. And then 8 months later you find out about a group that had the same plan, but got started a month before you did... 99 times out of 100, the bug is yours. Sometimes you really do run into oddball stuff though. The most memorable for me was a bug that only surfaced after you printed something - the printer driver modified the floating point rounding mode and didn't restore it, resulting in some subtle failures of floating point calculations that followed. It's bigger than that. In the film era, they were collecting a tax on every single picture taken. What part of the digital imaging process could they have taken over that would have replaced that entire revenue stream? I'm taking 100x the pictures I took 15 years ago because the incremental cost has all but disappeared. They were doomed before they even started, and I doubt there's a management decision that could have prevented it. Tell me, how did you arrive at the 100% off figure without getting a divide-by-zero error? This line towards the end has a wonderful meta cleverness about it: "The analogy is flawed, and that's ok: it's a raft to use, and leave behind once we cross the river." Not sure when this came out, because none of these essays are dated - this one is near the bottom of the list. But I like it! Assembly: binary is too low-level. Thanks to whoever updated the title. One thing I never see mentioned is the awkwardness of the metric names. The older measurements are all one syllable, while their metric replacements are often three or four. mile -> kilometer inch -> centimeter pound -> kilogram The only one that comes out even is ounce -> gram. Obviously it's not a huge impediment since many other countries got past it, but I'm sure it just adds to the discomfort people have with it. I wonder if you were seeing the first choice "Mrs Eaves" or the backup Georgia? Or perhaps you're on a high resolution display? The combination of font and size does seem a bit extreme to me. Is there any reason to keep Java on your browser anymore? I can't remember the last time I needed it. OK, WebEx is a counter-example that I've heard of and used. Is there a version that doesn't require Java? Thank goodness for VMs? Keep a browser with Java isolated in its own sandbox. A little OT, but seeing his posts end with "You should follow me on twitter here" makes me very sad. It's a constant reminder of what we'll miss. This is non news. What else were they going to do? That very link was at the bottom of his original response. Presumably the problem wasn't in asking for funds, the problem was in explaining why the funds were necessary. I read a recent story, probably linked here on HN, about how standard procedure for the Justice dept. is to freeze all your funds so you can't afford adequate representation, then dump so much paperwork on you that you have no chance to defend yourself. All of this would have been facts related to the case which the judge could easily gag. Not really, just pointing out the obvious. I was surprised to find it on the front page of HN. Even more surprised to find responses to this comment. Edit: found it, http://www.forbes.com/sites/harveysilverglate/2013/01/03/bla... A better link is one contained in the article, straight from Google: http://google-latlong.blogspot.com/2013/01/never-ass-ume.htm... Interesting aesthetic, but there's no way it won't look out of place with all the wires sticking out of it. And I think I'd want something more durable than cardboard for the case. I don't think Goodwill even takes them anymore, they just end up paying to send them to the dump in the end. Their value has actually gone negative. Would love to know where you're finding those - the cheapest at Newegg is $120. The pun appears to be the work of whoever submitted the link, the proper page title is "Asteroid-Mining Project Aims for Deep-Space Colonies". The replies to this comment are missing your point. It's not just the power of the FM signal, it's the amount of extraneous junk outside the FM band that will be a problem. This is a very dirty signal generator. I saw it done in the '70s with a PDP-8. In this case being licensed means getting an independent opinion that you know what you're doing. If you don't, you might "be an ass and interfere with others" without even knowing it. Great idea, but the lawyers would shoot it down immediately (if they haven't already). The terms of a settlement would just have a clause preventing them from offering such a bounty. The phrase "rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic" comes to mind. This ties in perfectly with another link presented on HN today: http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/01/power_and_the_... A backdoor that bricks the device, but only if it's the first packet received, isn't terribly useful. The more plausible explanation is that it's a bug that was introduced by the actual backdoor that still remains undiscovered. It was his IT skills that got him the big sale to Yahoo that got him the bucks to start YC. Not sure where this comment came from. Interesting screen aspect ratio of 3:2, halfway between the 4:3 of yore and the nearly inescapable 16:9 widescreen. It seems like a nice compromise, better than 16:10 if height is important to you. I wonder how long it will be before other manufacturers pick it up? And you would have gotten an instant fail on the "cultural fit" criteria. Merge sort is a bad example - it can actually be useful in real life, because the library sort functions are limited to what will fit in memory while merge sort is not. It's also simple enough to keep in your head without needing to look it up. I've had to code it up on the job more than once. Just as a logic puzzle might be a bad predictor of how you'll perform on the job, it's probably also a bad predictor of the quality of the company doing the asking. It's probably Lorem Ipsum, which is commonly used when you want to focus on layout rather than meaning. Since the text is meaningless it won't be distracting, yet it looks close enough to real to be useful. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorem_ipsum Any reason to believe this is deliberate on Apple's part and not just some Bayesian filter trained with real spam? "Google has never appeared particularly concerned..." seems to be a recurring theme. The company was designed to work at large scale, and individual problems don't get the attention they would at more customer-oriented companies. My math for downtime per month works out a little differently: (1-0.9995)x30x24x60 = 21.6 minutes. Still I mostly agree with you. If you have real work to do it's not unusual to use a bluetooth keyboard. For occasional use I'm sure it's fine. So I hope that non-scrolling headers make it into an early version. USB drives aren't a solution either. How do you think Stuxnet got started? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet#Windows_infection Self-driving cars wouldn't need the jack-rabbit acceleration and deceleration characteristics that drive sales of US cars, and so would probably be more efficient even without the heroic technology of hybrids. If we ever got to the point of self-driving taxis rather than owning your own car, right-sizing would drive the efficiencies even further - if you're just commuting by yourself, call for a single-occupant tiny car rather than driving an oversized hunk of metal down the road. The wires that were run for telephones aren't always appropriate for high-speed usage. When you have to design for lowest common denominator this becomes a real burden. That is an incredible number - I'd love to see a citation. The best choice for a hub is someplace that large numbers of people would use as their destination. Chicago fits the bill much better than anywhere else in the middle of the country. There's a reason O'Hare is one of the busiest airports in the nation. The problem is that in a fight between Moore's Law and Amdahl's Law, Amdahl will win. Extra cores reach diminishing returns very quickly. Interestingly enough Google just introduced their halo device, the Chromebook Pixel. It seems somebody believes in the concept. I love StackOverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11978912/how-to-protect-a... It wasn't clear to me that "YC partner" meant somebody working at YC, rather than a VC firm that had a formal relationship with YC. The satire went completely over my head on first reading. > being stupid help solve BIG problems. Many new things were invented by people who had no idea how large the problems were when they started. > Bandaging peoples irrational fears might simply not be a very viable business model. Are you kidding? It's one of the best business models ever. In this case I think you have it backwards. Instant charging isn't bandaging a fear, because you rightly make the point that the fear of running out of power is already covered by ensuring the device has sufficient capacity for the worst case. Indeed it will create a new fear: forgetting or not being in a position to top off the charge when necessary. How hard is it to install ECC memory into a random desktop computer? Are they all compatible with it? Do you have to change BIOS settings? But aren't you also fighting many years of bad precedents in that district? And now we get meta-spam, spam about the spam i.e. this rant. I haven't seen any April Fools jokes on the front page of HN, the mods must be prepared for it. I suspect this page will go away soon as well. It's one thing to put a joke up on a blog page, another thing entirely for it to come via email. I think most companies have more sense than that. No, not parody. They've been discussed here on HN many times before, here's just one example: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4454852 The article makes it very clear - AAVE is superficially the same as General American English so neither the teachers or the students realize that that the kids need to speak two different languages. Instead you have the teachers insisting that there's only one language and they're using it incorrectly. That's quite a bit different from the German and Norwegian your grandparents had to deal with. I'd love to see the Sun included on the opposite side of the scale. Its diameter is 109 times that of earth, making it 10900 pixels. Would be just as impressive a demonstration. Be sure to read the follow-up: http://codesuppository.blogspot.com/2013/04/some-clarificati... My favorite part is at the end, where he gives news stories just from today about 3 gaming companies laying off masses of people. I tried simulating it, and it's just enough curvature to get the point across. Assuming I didn't have a bug of course. It's also quite possible that someone unauthorized put the picture on a site with a permissive license. That's an easy explanation for how this came about. I really do doubt that Disney or anyone representing them intended to steal this image. I can vouch for their service. I once lost my rental car keys while at one of the Disneyworld hotels, and I got no help from the rental company aside from the key code. The Disney folks sent one of their locksmiths to help me and he tried about half a day to make a key that would start the car. His dedication and attitude were remarkable. Is it my imagination, or have prices stalled at $1/GB for a while now? Where's Moore's Law when you need it? "Sex Machine" is a whole lot sexier. It gave me a chuckle. The original title wasn't the greatest either, probably engineered to be link-bait. Nobody cares how fast you can get power out of the thing, they care how much total energy it holds - and the article is clear that it is comparable or slightly worse than current technology. The reason DMCA takedowns work so well as scare letters is that you can get in real trouble for ignoring them. It's not worth the risk. The complexities go far beyond just knowing the rates for each jurisdiction and arranging for payment. Naturally there's going to be a call for some kind of compliance testing. How are you going to catch the cheaters when you don't have access to their financial records, as you would if the business was in your state? Even just the rates themselves can get complicated. Minnesota for example doesn't tax clothing or food, but the specifics of what's included aren't clear - candy bars for example aren't considered food and are taxed. How is somebody from another state supposed to figure this out even with software help? I noticed the $1 million exemption for small businesses. How will that work? If you sell for 11 months without collecting taxes then find yourself going viral around Christmastime and crossing the $1 million mark unexpectedly, are you suddenly liable for all those prior sales? So what happens when the stars align against you and 25 states decide to audit you at once? Is this the modern day equivalent of the AOL floppy? What you're looking for is digital watermarking: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_watermarking The bigger problem will be with pictures that are copied without your knowledge and discovered on someone else's site. Chances are the EXIF will be stripped and there will be no way to trace it back to you. I ended up with a gas station receipt that said "1/1/100". That was the extent of it. Nice fantasy, but not practical. You'll notice that the two images shown in the sign are nearly identical. You don't want a shadow of the one image to be seen in the other or it gives the entire illusion away. Same here, mine was "golden retriever". Reminds me of the time back in the '80s, I had a day to kill so I made a breakout game in Z80 assembly. That was fun. I work with a guy who left some scathing comments in the code about the incompetence of the vendor he was forced to work with. Interesting times ensued when our company was bought by theirs and they started looking through the source. "Surely there are better ways to make money than to just rely on litigating patents." All evidence thus far points to the opposite, except for small exceptions such as suing NewEgg. That's why patent trolls are becoming such a huge problem - the process is so absurdly profitable that companies are formed simply to take advantage of it. There's no way their management are going to change their minds. Did you miss the entire point of the post? Scrollkit should have known well beforehand that the NY Times would be totally against the use of their content in this manner. That they didn't shows that they don't understand their target market at all. P.S. It's not the lawyer's job to understand what the product is or does. No matter how cheap solar energy becomes, it won't be a complete solution until the energy storage problem is solved. I don't see the same rate of progress on that. If you can't store the energy you'll need a backup that can supply the missing power when the sun isn't shining - you'll need to keep building the old fashioned power plants even if you don't run them as often. Unfortunately there's no guarantee that prices will rise at the time and pace required for efficient uptake of new technologies. The easiest way to reduce demand is to tank the economy. We got a taste of that in 2008, and I'm not looking forward to it happening again. I think you can take advantage of the extra bits for color calibration. Your source is still 8 bits, but those 8 bits are converted to 10 in a way that provides better accuracy. If it's cheap enough and doesn't produce toxic byproducts, you could get point-of-use reactors. No more need for utilities. Naturally the utilities would fight that with every fiber of their being. But doesn't everybody here dream of that kind of disruption? Yup, that's the first thing I look for in a browser - energy efficiency. Yes, but the article specifically states that the efficiency is gained by by better utilization of PC hardware. I suppose if you're using your laptop exclusively for browsing it might make a difference, but switching to a tablet would give you even more battery efficiency. Up to 3 4K displays at the same time? It seems Retina desktop monitors are on their way. I'm surprised they weren't announced at the same time. This is not the first time they've decided there are elements that don't need to be part of the base machine. Each time there were outcries but they were proven right in the end. When's the last time you needed an optical drive for example? And did you see the mention under Thunderbolt 2 of "add a PCI expansion chassis" - that's their answer for those who really really need expansion. It certainly could be a bandwidth issue. Assuming 4K=3840x2160, that's about 12 Gbits per display with 24 bits/pixel and 60 Hz. And is an external unit adequate for your needs? I understand that an internal unit might have been more convenient for you, but Apple tends to optimize for the more common needs. Apparently Apple believes that Thunderbolt 2 changes that equation. It looks to me like they've tried hard to make sure that the included GPUs are adequate for 90% of their users, at least for today. As for tomorrow their philosophy has always preferred replacing the machine rather than upgrading it piece by piece. That's not all they do with your contacts. Were you aware that they use your emails to detect people to send connection requests to? Haven't you wondered where some of those "You may know..." come from?