For a few years now, I've been working on an autonomous vehicle ( https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile ) that some friends and I hack on. We just recently hit what I'd call 1.0 in terms of a huge system refactor to make the entire system much more robust and testable. I started working on this recently: https://github.com/joshuamorton/tut , and might go back to it. After seeing Kenneth Reitz's Pipenv I wanted to do something similar but a bit more extensive that included testing tools and some other stuff. And tut is the WIP result. Think Cargo for python. Heh, we're a student organization, so there's lots of membership turnover, and that forced us to really upgrade our documentation and build tools over the last year to prevent all kinds of weird issues and allow quick onboarding. I made it my mission over the last year or so to build something better than rosunit and rostest, because having to more or less copy launch files for every test seems arduous. I ended up with the test_utils library that we'll probably spin off into its own package soon, but its a much, much nicer interface for writing tests for ros, and at this point seems to be relatively stable, with one or two minor changes I need to make. Glad its helpful! Neither could I, but that was also well beyond the scope of my Google interviews. > That is, I'd conjecture that the good developers who can (or want to) memorize algorithms and regurgitate basic CS knowledge are one kind of capable dev, and the good developers who rely on tools to a greater degree are another kind of dev. Call them types A and B. I really dislike this characterization. I'm a googler. I've never tried to, or needed to, memorize algorithms. I don't know if this characterization comes from misunderstanding, rationalization, or what, but in my experience at least, neither do most of my coworkers. That is, I at least don't recall a rote algorithm when interviewing In fact in one of my interviews (not at google, but I could see a similar question happening there) I had to derive a solution to a problem in a space I was totally unfamiliar with (locking and multithreading). It seems like, if you assume (incorrectly) that somehow you can't cheat the system, Google is selecting for people who can solve unfamiliar, complex, problems by applying first principles. That is, I think, orthogonal to the idea of 'theoretical or practical' computer scientist. Indeed we do. So, I think my biggest issue with your A/B dichotomy is that I don't see it. That is, in school, in myself, in coworkers, there isn't this large group of people who are trying to do all the theory at the expense of practicality, as opposed to this group of stuff-accomplishers who aren't theoreticians. I mean, occasionally those people exist, both the "fuck it I'm going to sit down and type until it works" people and the "I must understand this concept before I write a single line of code" people. But as you say, everybody is a mix of both, and I think most people are nearer the middle than the sides, which makes the possibility of mild bias towards one side or the other a lot less harmful than you maybe expect. Interesting, when I read those answers, what I see is more or less people saying "management can sometimes be downright bad, and is often stupid". I very much doubt that many of the people (broadly) deciding which products to support and which to drop were hired via a new-grad-like interview process. For things like moonshots/other bets, the "build something awesome but don't monetize it" makes a lot of sense, since the entire point of that division seems to be "build something awesome and see if it is sustainable too". More often than not, unfortunately, the answer is no. In fact, if anything, I'd reverse the cause and effect in your idea. If we presuppose that there is this dichotomy in people and it affect google's motives and goals as a company, then this would influence the tech hiring practices to be the way they are, not vice versa. If you check hacker news and reddit threads from the original posting, that note wasn't on the article when it was originally posted. It was only added later, but apparently still before anyone archived it. Edit: I'm mistaken, however I'll say what I said then again: The note does nothing to show that he actually understands the statements he's making. The note gets the definition of turing completeness wrong too . Except that the original statement isn't really that you can't write a python2 interpreter in python3. In fact, I'm quite sure that those exist somewhere on github, but that there wasn't some kind of transparent interop between py2 and py3. That is, why can't the cPython3 implementation of the python3 language also execute python2 code? To which I think the simplest response is "why can't the gcc implementation of the C++ language spec link arm-compiled C++ and x86-compiled C++?" numpy on pypy may well solve that issue for python though. Pypy is as fast as or faster than c/c++ in some applications/benchmarks. And with python (or interpreted langs in general) you gain a repl, a shorter write -> compile -> test loop, and generally speaking a higher rate of development. I'd agree though, I do want some way to deploy a "python binary" that isn't essentially a virtualenv. I don't know what this statement is supposed to mean, could you rephrase or elaborate? (am googler, but don't work with any of the mentioned products) Keep in mind that all of these products in many cases compete with other companies (music -> spotify, apple, ytr -> netflix/hulu originals, kinda, YTL -> twitch, YTTV -> cable providers). I, as a consumer, wouldn't want these things to all be bundled. I use spotify for my music, and I don't want to have to pay for Play Music or youtube red unless I use those services. I can't even imagine how some kind of "unified google media" thing would work. Right, but from my perspective as a consumer, at least right now, the only service I'm even remotely interested in is YTTV, and the reverse would be even worse. If I didn't want the YTTV package, there's no way I'd pay $40/mo for play music or whatever. A la carte models are a lot more efficient, the reason I don't like cable (and comcast) is because of bundled services, why on earth would I want to move to another, even more bundled, service? Plus you've only handled the subscription portion, even if somehow we fix that. Where do I view this content? Is there a unified media dashboard that connects to 3 parts of youtube, play, and such? I guess my basic point is that these services seem useful for entirely different groups of people. Why would consumers want them bundled, either technically or economically, and similarly, why would Google? Right but I think that most people have used a bank, telphony company, or prescription drugs in the past. OTOH, depending on how loosely or tightly you define what snapchat is ("ephemeral image communication platform", "image communication platform", "communication platform", "social media", "news aggregator"), there are huge groups of people that have never used snapchat or any competing products. There are lots of people in the US who have never used snapchat, instagram (stories), whatsapp, or even facebook messenger (the app specifically), which are the closest comparisons to snapchat. I think that's the point. They have extremely powerful targeting data: geolocation. Afaik, one of snap's biggest revenue sources is geolocked filters. (note I'm not the original commenter). I currently have fb messenger, snapchat, groupme, and twitter on my phone. I mainly use the first 2. I've never used whatsapp or instagram at all. Jits are magic man. Like I said, it depends on the application. For numerical-heavy code, where you're going to be using numpy hooking into MPI or LAPACK, C or similar code will win, it takes more advantage of things. For more complex code, say a webserver, pypy can compete and win, because pypy gets the advantage of, after the jit warms up, essentially profile guided optimization, which means that pypy can, assuming there's some kind of loop (there always is), optimize the hot code paths, and the surrounding code to abuse hot code paths, and it can optimize the hot code paths really really well, better than gcc could normally, because it has additional information (pypy knows how the code is being used at runtime, whereas gcc only knows what information is available to the compiler: types and directives really). Few other apps that I'm aware of provide live advertisements for events happening nearby as part of your natural use of the app in a really noninvasive way, and provide incentive to share those advertisements. Snapchat geofilters are non-invasive and will be seen in normal app use, but don't really bother you. They can inform you of events happening nearby or, if you're at an event, you can use the geofilter when snapping, which shows your friends that you endorse the event/product/whatever, in a totally transparent, opt-in way. That's super powerful. I really want to see some comments from SREs (or similar) at major companies on this. It seems like a lot have a rollback first, ask questions later policy, and I'd love to hear about how they mitigate or flat out avoid the problems described in this article, or if I'm just mistaken. I think a big problem now is that the sites are capable of tricking people. That is, if you have a "turing test" for reliable content website, blogspam.forums.net with 2000 backlinks and such obviously doesn't pass. On the other hand, Reuters.com does. But so does theonion, and Breitbart and random_russian_conservative_propoganda_site.us, and so it becomes a lot harder to differentiate the good from the bad without explicity curating by experts, because the sites can trick non-domain-expert humans, so what hope does a bot that hasn't tried to learn domain expertise of the topic have? No, that was valid, concise, actionable feedback. Your original post was flippant and was not actionable. Although since gpkit almost assuredly uses the cPython c abi, and there is no emscripten backend for cPython, even this (much less flippant and much more actionable and valid) feedback isn't actually actionable because you cannot execute python+some c module using emscripten. I think its just as easy to memorize 'design' questions as 'whiteboard' questions. Not every whiteboard question is "implement a linked list", in fact I'd argue that's very rarely the case (or maybe I'm wrong and I've been insulated from these interviews). Most of my whiteboard interviews have involved a relatively small amount of actual coding (I think I had one question that was more than ~15 loc in python, and I've interviewed a few times). The rest was taking a relatively abstract problem presented in English and understanding it, removing ambiguities, and discussing tradeoffs with the interviewer. After that, a recursive function or a hash map or whatever is really easy. >>Therefore it was showing signs of not scaling. Perhaps, although it seems as though it was less "not scaling" and more "someone exploited our system to spin the CPU" from my reading of the thread. >"flippant" means "not showing a serious or respectful attitude" And I hold to the claim that a 2 word response to an ask HN is absolutely flippant. Please explain to me what is actionable about "Doesn't scale"? That is a problem. Or, well, it could be a problem, it might not be a worry for them, but lets assume it is. "Doesn't scale" isn't actionable. Had your second post been the only post you made here, I don't think we'd be having this discussion, because while in this case it turns out to be not very helpful, it is at least actionable. They can look into emscripten and python, see that it probably won't work in this case, and move on. "Doesn't scale" doesn't do that. Its the difference between feedback that is "you have a lisp" and "you have a lisp, try practicing speaking lyrically or rhythmically and it might disappear." It might help, it might not, but its actionable. "you have a lisp" isn't actionable. I'll quote the Show HN Guidelines: >Instead of "you're doing it wrong", suggest alternatives. When someone is learning, help them learn more. As for what you think of my comment, I have a few objections to your statement: 1. I don't actually see an 'ad hominem' anywhere, I only commented on your original comment and how your feedback was unhelpful. No commentary on the user, only the content. Please specify where I did, because I would prefer to not go around attacking people on HN, even unintentionally. 2. I went so far as to complement your second post and say that it was an example of good feedback. 3. You didn't post a Show HN, there are no guidelines on my feedback to you ;) That said, if your emscripten suggestion was made in good faith and not just a CYA "suggestion", I apologize, I misread your tone. And like I said "you have a lisp" isn't actionable feedback. It is a factual statement, but it suggests no action, and in fact, the person with the lisp likely already knows. Because "it doesn't scale" doesn't imply that you need to increase capacity right now. "It doesn't scale" could mean that "this will be problematic when you have 2,000,000 users", or as you used it, it could mean "I can't get to your site right now". Personally I don't consider "it doesn't scale" to mean "I can't use your app right now". Which comes back to my core point, once again, that your original post, "Doesn't scale", isn't actionable feedback, it didn't clearly convey any immediate problem nor did it provide a clear action to follow. The fact that you've had to clarify your post to multiple other users should be evidence of that. How do you mean? By "removal of ambiguity", I'm talking about when someone poses a problem like "Write a function to recognize an IP Address". My first thought is then "ipv4 or ipv6", because that problem is underspecified, and I don't want to inadvertently solve the incorrect problem (which is kind of a case of the xy problem) Or similarly, the application is multithreaded and the list length at `idx = randint(list.length)` time is greater than the next line `obj = list[idx]`, when you pick one of the last few indices and objects are removed. >The fallout of these disclosures potentially contributed to a building coup attempt in Turkey by forces loyal to the US (which the US tacitly supported) that burst just a week after the disclosures. I thought the conclusion was that that coup attempt was more or less theater by Erdogan. Organized with his approval and prior knowledge, destined to fail, and used to enact martial law. (am google) To be fair, if you use google maps, and don't have any ethical issues with helping googler, you do get a return on investment, in that you get improved ML capabilities and improved address recognition in google maps. (disc: googler) How could you make an open standard for this? Do you mean an open standard for apps-in-email? Or an open standard for doing things in gmail? I've used discord. My family is never going to use discord or a discord-like app. For that, we need sms or MMS. One of the problems with discord is that it becomes very bloated to use (fromm mobile). It takes 3-4 interactions to get to the friends list so I can message someone. With sms/mms/allo/fb messenger, I open the app and my friends list is just right there, staring me in the face. Optimized for different usecases comes to mind. I was speakng about android. I think there's a vast difference between 0 and 2-3 interactions. I mean in many ways, Discord is 2 apps in one, you swap between them by swapping between the servers and friends views, and I think its worth recognizing that fact. Choose your own adventure books are still reading though. I think that there's also a much more similarity with analyzing a novel than reading one for pleasure. Reading code has a much greater mental tax than pleasure reading, it requires more focus to actually put together what's going on, and that's similar to analyzing a novel for a report, where you might read the same passage 4-5 times, taking notes. Or even better yet, analyzing a poem, which are often short (and often obey 80 char line width rules!) and analyzing them can require a great amount of focus and thought to decide why a poet used this word in this way, and what meaning they intended to convey and such. That's much more similar to reading code than reading a novel, and I expect also less common. So what counts as evidence? Differences in hiring rates, different percentages of the workforce, pay gaps, lack of advancement, mountains of anecdata? Because it seems like when confronted with data, people are quick to shout "correlation" and "cultural factors". How exactly is farting inappropriate? Right, but I'd argue that doing that is also something that could be construed as harassing your coworkers. Perhaps not in the common usage sense, but certainly in the "spitting on someone is assault and grabbing a coworkers ass is sexual harassment" sense. I wouldn't consider letting out a fart anymore inappropriate than excusing oneself to go to the bathroom, but doing either in a way that you know will disrupt and cause coworkers discomfort is inappropriate and harassing, not because of the act itself, but because of how you handle it. Its worth pointing out that this doesn't help you much. I have 3-4 email addresses, from @gmail to @myuniversity to @mywebsite. I send and receive all of my mail from a Inbox though. Well I didn't really have a point to be made, just a general informational statement. However, claiming that I'm violating your trust if you send me an email is a bit of a strong statement, don't you think. You said >I might be misplacing my trust and share things with people who end up sharing it with third parties, violating my trust I take that as "If I send an email to someone and they share it with third parties, they are violating my trust...Google/gmail is one such third party." I think it is worth noting for everyone that this really is a form of impostor syndrome, and people should take note that even someone who is very highly regarded is susceptible to that kind of thing. For what its worth, having dabbled in some visualizations of concepts, its really difficult, and I didn't find that the available tools were well suited for mathematical visualization. Its really unfortunate that to be able to present something intuitively, there's a very high technical skill floor as well as a relatively high artistic floor. Time I need to spend managing clients is time I don't spend on self improvement or development. I'd prefer to specialize and be a better software developer than a decent software developer and mediocre client wrangler. I think the fact that you call java not-compiled, but python interpreted shows your misunderstanding in this area. Both run exactly the same way, they are compiled into an intermediate bytecode which is run in a "VM". The normal Java VM has a JIT, the normal python VM does not, but pypy does and achieves performance on par with some of your compiled languages, at the cost of reduced c compatibility. I know C, Java, python, and a limited amount of javascript and go. I prefer writing python. And, for plugins, there are enormous downsides to using something that is compiled (C, go). that was a typo. "not-interpreted" was my intended statement. And I'd love for you to show me a python variant that is compiled in the same way that C is compiled. The closest is nuitka, which...isn't. I have two chrome profiles on my work desktop. One, my work profile has gmail, calendar, drive, keep, spotify, and fb messenger pinned. The other has nothing pinned, but is logged in to reddit, hn, my personal email, youtube, etc. I get my work done and no one seems to care. As the other user mentioned, those are compiled in the same way java is compiled, but not in the same way that C is compiled. They still need an intermediate VM to run. It is about 80% an instance of the sunk cost fallacy, but RSU payout is based on past performance, so higher performing employees will be granted more RSUs. That means that if you got a 10% RSU bonus over average due to performance, you'd be losing out on a portion of your compensation for your past work. Also there's something to be said for "the mirage I know is better than the mirage I don't know". Although in general I'd agree, if you're capable of performing well at one of the big guys, you can probably go to any of them, and get a starting bonus to offset your "losses". Lower than in Bay/NYC, but still good, partially offset by the lower state tax rate, and (signing) RSUs aren't any lower than in the Bay, which means that take home pay for someone in Colorado after rent can be higher. A good place to start would be poking around github for "CS 2110 gatech gameboy". CS2110 is the intro-to-low-level course at Georgia Tech, and about the middle third of the course could be described as "getting comfortable with C syntax in the completely foreign environment of a gameboy advance by writing games". As a result, there are some provided libraries that are very extensive. For everything else, there's tonc. Most of the time the course doesn't cover the more advanced features (mode 0? or was it 4, or 6 that did sprites and textures) but it was a fun introduction to something, and I got to write flappy bird in C when flappy bird was still culturally relevant. Take a look at SQLAlchemy/django's ORMs. Personally I have two uses, one is in proprietary code, but the idea is basically use python to generate json, but allow incoherence of json pieces via natural python flows. (metaclasses specifically allowed me to reverse the flow of creating objects, so that visually, code wouldn't look like inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) outer = JsonObject(config, children=[inner1, inner2]) but instead class outer(JsonObject): inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) _config = config ish. With this isn't not clear why this is important, but with highly nested structures, having the python code visually mirror the output in terms of nesting is really nice. The second is at https://github.com/gtagency/pyrostest/blob/master/pyrostest/... . This isn't strictly necessary, but "The documentation states that all test_* methods in a RosTest subclass spin up roscore" is a lot simpler and safer than "if you forget to add `RosTest.setUp()` and `RosTest.tearDown()` at the beginning and end of all of your setUp and tearDown methods, your tests will fail. (and further, future invocations of tests may fail until you run something like `killall -9 roscore && killall -9 rosmaster` in shell because you've unintentionally broken your environment." Generally speaking, Metaclasses allow you to make better user interfaces for developers, and avoid the repetitive kinds of things you encounter in "enterprisey" code. Specifically, they allow you to make interfaces much more declarative than you otherwise could (ie. the SQLAlchemy example of "this is a table and here are its columns" vs. "My table is a function that takes in some stuff and magic happens within it") You'll get surprises such as your subclass being indexable when you (probably) don't want that. I actually wanted prepare in production, because it would have allowed me to override the class dict with an ordereddict, which was a more preferable solution to making output jsons deterministic than just sorting the components, but you do what you can. As for init subclass, if you're alright with a DSL that does weird things with the class line, it can be useful, as an example applied to SQLAlchemy, they could do this (in pseudo sqla): class MyTable(Table, primary_key='uid'): uid = Column(int) which would enforce via the api that there can only be 1 primary key. How do you mean? So for prepare, imagine you have a class whose entire job is to be serialized to some external format. I'll use json, but it could be csv, yaml, whatever. Heck, maybe you're doing code generation and its a group of functions that will be placed into another file. Say I have an instance of this class: class JsonObject(Serializable): key = "value" second_key = "second_value" This gets serialized to { JsonObject: { key: "value", second_key: "second_value" } } Except that sometimes what you get is { JsonObject: { second_key: "second_value", key: "value" } } Minor, but important, difference. Python stores object attributes in a dict. Python's dicts are unordered, and so when serializing, the order that things are printed in is undefined behavior. That means that now instead of just using a normal diffing module, you need to write some json-differ that parses and compares the json, and you lose the ability to do side-by-side comparisons. So you want deterministic, ordered, output generation. Now, to be clear, you could model your api like this: output = JsonObject() output.append(key="value") output.append(second_key="second_value") And that works well for this simple example, but as soon as you start nesting things, it gets confusing, so just assume that for reasons you want this DSL for code generation. You have 3 options: 1. Create some determinism: your serialize function looks something like this (pseudopython): def serialize(self): for k, v in self.attrs: write(jsonify(k, v)) A fix is really easy: def serialize(self): for k in sorted(self.attrs.keys): write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Not bad, but a few problems, you can't customize the output order, everything now needs to be comparable, and its a smidge slower, especially for really big objects (remember: you're writing a DSL for generating large serializable things, there's a good chance you'll want to have some way to autogenerate large quantities of data to be serialized). 2. add an `_order` attribute to your class, then your serialize method becomes def serialize(self): for k in self._order: write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Well, now you have to forward declare everything, which is kinda annoying, you're populating your namespace with crap (what if your generated json/python/whatever needs a `_order` attribute!), and if you ever forget to update your order attribute, your stuff doesn't work write. 3. Replace your class's dict with an OrderedDict. Now, you've done some dark magic to do this, but you don't need to forward declare, your users control the output order naturally in a way they expect, and you don't have to sort a bunch of things every time you want to serialize any data. (admittedly python 3.6 I think voids this issue by making the class dict and OrderedDict anyway, but that's technically an implementation detail) Does that make sense? Exactly. You probably don't want this thing that is essentially a namespace to be indexable, but you index into it, which is a bug, but it quacks like a tuple, so your mistake propagates silently, which is a bad thing . Its more permissive than one would expect. Although the bigger issue is what dragonne mentioned. Note that this says "per expert". I'm not sure what exactly you'd consider an "expert", but I think a reasonable definition of "expert" could result in your average expert being a million-dollar-a-year engineer. Except that there's no such thing as the field of "AGI" (or if there is, its a subfield of philosophy). Asking modern ML and Deep Learning researchers about their thoughts on AGI is like asking the wright brothers about a mars mission. Sure, they're the closest thing we have to "experts", but there's not just one, but likely 5 or 10 more field, if not world-changing leaps we need to make before the technologies we have will resemble anything like AGI. And that's ignoring the people who ascribe diety-like powers to some potential AGI. Air gap the computer and control the inputs and outputs. We can formally prove what a system is capable of. That fixes the problem. You don't need to prove anything about an AGI system if you can prove things about its I/O capabilities. I recognize that proving things about machine learning models is very hard, I tried to do some research in that area and got practically no where. And I think you and I have very different definitions of Rigorous. Like I said, unless you'd take Wilbur Wright's thoughts on a mars mission seriously, I don't think you should give much thought to Geoff Hinton's thoughts about when we'll get AGI, and I say that having enormous respect for him and his achievements. (and using him as a simple example) Its pseudoscience. We're notoriously bad about predicting the future. I don't see any reason to trust people going on about the dangers of AGI any more than the futurologists of my parents generation, who predicted flying cars and interstellar travel, but missed smartphones. Perhaps, but if the alternative is either incredible fear of the technology, or the technology potentially killing humanity, then "making great strides in a select few fields" seems quite good. This is also true. You see all of these things like Hawking and Musk talking about the AI Apocalypse (when they aren't even experts in the field), and it gets people scared when, at this point, there's very little reason to be. On the other hand, I don't actually know Hinton's opinion on these things, and he might agree with me (in which case, you absolutely should listen to him!). But instead the loudest voices are perhaps the most ridiculous. That said, I do think that if I asked you to make a bet with me on when we would approach with even 50% confidence, your error bars would be on the order of a century. An airgapped computer is not going to be capable of taking over the world. Further, Turing completeness is not required to be "useful". You can get to the moon without Turing completeness. Well, exactly as much as any other cpus can do by solely controlling it's output electrons: not much. Let's not ascribe deity-like powers to things that we can understand fairly well. Pray explain how you could use the electrons coming out of a CPU as a side channel. I don't need anything specific, but I'd prefer something that doesn't sound like its taken out of a Heinlein novel. You're again using terms incorrectly. A "side channel" implies that someone is listening to information that is unintentionally leaked. Unless your expectation is that this CPU is going to start side channeling our minds with the EM waves its emitting (which again, "deity-like attributes"), we'd need to be specifically listening to whatever "side channel" it uses, and it would require knowledge of and access to that side channel. Something being able to send additional information over a side channel doesn't help unless that information is received, and so realistically, unless your hypothesis is "mind control/hacking the airwaves/whatever via sound waves the chip emanates" or similar, which are preposterous, it'll always be just as easy for the thing to transmit information via the normal channels. This makes me think you don't know what the word "airgapped" means in this context. 1. I'm not sure that I agree. Not all research is a race against time. But, perhaps you're right, I'll accept this. 2. Certainly the most plausible thing we have now, I'm not sure that that makes it plausible, but better than anything else. so okay. 3. This depends on what you mean. Neural Networks are actually significantly easier to analyze than arbitrary programs, when you essentially restrict yourself to two operations (multiplication and sigmoid or ReLU), things get a lot easier to analyze. Here are some questions we can answer about a neural network that we can't about an arbitrary program: "Will this halt for this input?", "Will this halt for all inputs?", "What will a mild perturbation of this input have on the output?", these are as a consequence of fineiteness and differentiability, which are not attributes that a normal program has. (caveat: this gets more difficult with things like RNNs and NTMs, but afaik is still true). The questions that we find difficult answer for a Neural Network are very different than for a normal program: namely "How did this network arrive at these weights as opposed to these other ones?" and related "What does this weight or set of weights represent?", but I don't think that there's any indication that those questions are impossible to answer (and often we can answer them, like for facial recognition networks where we can clearly see that successive layers detect gradients, curves, facial features, and then eventually entire faces) 4. Agreed. There's no real reason to know why it works if it works. 5. I think you can tell, but I don't think this holds. While I obviously don't know for sure, I'm quite confident that there are a nonzero number of employees at any very large Tech Company that are engineers (ie. do development work, commit nontrivial code), and whose compensation is over $1,000,000 USD. I doubt its common, and I would expect that many of those employees are not "just" engineers (ie. at the point where you are doing work that is that valuable, its almost a certainty that you are leading a team, and you are designing things), but I'm confident they exist. I expect you're referring to this article: https://www.damninteresting.com/on-the-origin-of-circuits/ I think the closest conventional thing would be a sandbox escape/backdoor. Although (not that I'm an expert) I've never heard of anything close to a sandbox escape using side-channel like things. That said, like I said, most side channel attacks are either time based, or involve things like heat and power usage of the system. The thing about all of these is that they generally allow you to get a small amount of data out that can sometimes help you with things. But again, without ascribing magic powers to the system, all the stuff that it can directly affect: power draw, temperature, disk spin speeds, monitoring LED blink speeds, noises, even the relatively insane things like EM frequency emissions can all be controlled relatively easily, and no matter how smart it is, I don't see an AGI violating physics. And because it was attached to a web api, it was likely still io bound, so it didn't matter. Context and knowing the right tool for the job is important indeed. "Perhaps you won't, but since we don't know yet exactly what you'll be working on, we might know broadly what PA or even project, but we can't know what problems you will encounter or what direction it will take to debug any problems that arise, we want someone with a broad base of skills who can at the very least recognize performance problems and solve them in a simple case. We expect that if you can solve this relatively simple problem in an environment with no resources, that with the aide of documentation, profiling tools, and teammates to lean on, you'll be able to address much more complex issues that arise. On the other hand, if it takes you documentation and teammates to solve this simple case, who knows what kinds of tools it will take you to solve real world problems that arise." "Correlation does not imply causation" doesn't imply that correlation never implies causation. (also @google) Scale makes it easy to have an outsized impact. Consider that a single CPU core costs ~10$/yr in electricity, and that google has a really big computer[1]. The questions are then "how many CPUs does google have", "what percentage of those can any given change affect", and "how many such changes can one engineer make in a year?" And that's just one type of potential change. [1]: http://www.clickhole.com/article/future-now-google-has-confi... Well, keep in mind that we also don't know the timescale this was over. If it was $120mm in a year, then that's perhaps crazy, but 120 million over 5 or ten years? With 80 billion in revenue and ~75K employees according to a google search, that means that there's an expectation that an average hire will drive $1 million in revenue per year. To be paid 120M/year you'd need to drive significantly more than that, but to be paid 20M/year, that's now someone who is 50x the average employee, not 200x the average employee, and that's reasonable. I think we all know an engineer or two who is extraordinary. The moderators of place are the admins, since it was an official reddit function ;) >Another option would be to just throw them into a source code tree and say something like "Here's a tree of one of our projects. Talk to me about it." "Its in perl, I don't know perl, and especially not your internally modified version of custom-magic perl that Steve wrote 7 years ago." Not to mention that you are now either showing source code trees to random potential hires, or you have to audit/create/otherwise use some potential set of source code. Maybe you prescreen by asking them their favorite language, and you come in with an open source project, in their language of choice, but now you have to have one of your devs spend time familiarizing themselves with Redis or the Python interpreter or Hibernate Core or Angular or whatever, and what happens when they ask to do the interview in Haskell? FWIW, I know some companies that do the interviews you're describing, but they're all relatively small ( (Also, and this is just conjecture: its possible that Apple intentionally overprices their pros as a sort of "look this is premium" cost, while the goal of an xbox is mass market sale). It is though, here's someone else saying essentially the same thing: https://superuser.com/questions/690388/why-do-workstation-gr... . Drivers that prioritize accuracy, and ECC ram fall well within the realm of "lower threshold for error", and price discrimination is covered by my parenthetical. That said, the reason that custom SoCs are often less expensive than mass market cards is just because they have fewer things on them. If you don't need an FPU (which you obviously do here, but as an example), you can leave it off, which saves silicon and saves money. General purpose cards needs general purpose things, but a custom chip can often leave out certain components, although I don't know which ones those might be in this case. Unfortunately I'm not familiar enough to give you a conclusive answer. One big thing is that most consumer-class GPUs use normal memory, whereas workstation-class use ECC memory, which can correct for bitflips that might occur during normal operation. To further clarify: does unlabeled mean "we didn't use sentiment data" or "we were only trying to predict the next character given the prior characters", since the amazon data does come with associated 1-5 star ratings, were those used or not? That's what I thought, and that makes this all the more interesting! Indeed, although I'm not as familiar with transfers this far (that is, fine-tuning models is really common with image recognition tasks, but often you take a model trained to recognize objects in images, and train it to recognize different objects in images, but you're still recognizing objects in images). This feels a bit different, in that yesterday I would have had no strong intuition that "a char-rnn can detect text sentiment better than sota". Looking now, I can rationalize that idea. I get why it might make sense, but it was non-obvious. Do you disagree with any of that? (and if you do, I'd love to see this distance of transfer in literature, its always cool to read up on these things) >Actually, Google pays under the average of top companies, because as a top tier company, they can afford. Most people I know who went to work for Google took a pay cut but don't have a single regret about it. Compared to who? They pay more than AMZN/MS/FB/AAPL/etc. for equal level, but are stingier with levels. You might be correct that certain other companies pay more than Google (Netflix maybe?), but they're certainly above average. It entirely depends on what project you work on. When I interned, I had to deal with a lot of custom datastructures, but since I started full time, I haven't (although my next project might?) > Google is more generous to good performers via bonuses once you are working there, but if you have two offers in hand, you are going to find Google highly resistant to negotiating. The notion of people taking a pay cut to work at Google sounds plausible to me. I don't think that's true. While google is by all accounts (including in my personal experience) unwilling to move significantly on base salary, they'll happily match pretty much any offer with stock from my experience (and the experience of others I've talked to). Ah, you're correct, I was specifically told "we don't take cost of living into account when deciding compensation" or similar language. (which isn't strictly true either) That said, from what I've seen, compensation growth at Google from everything I've seen is faster than at the other companies, which means that for someone coming in at L>3, they will likely be given greater compensation at google than elsewhere. I'm curious as to how they misrepresented things. I was actually pleasantly surprised once I got here by how extensive the benefits were, but I'm always interested in learning more, since while I actually think that 4 google interviews is a decent way to judge someone for google, I really hate their interview/negotiation process. Then that person is doing all the legwork, but someone else can come along and create a KB themselves with those answers. >Sine and cosine waves whose frequencies are multiples of a fundamental frequency, form an orthonormal basis w.r.t. the inner product given by integrating f(x)ĝ(x)dx over one period of the sine This, by the way, was perhaps the most mindblowing thing I learned in my advanced linear algebra course. I had already learned about applied Fourier Transforms and the FFT, but seeing the same tools we had used to prove things about Cartesian bases could be applied to something so unexpected, with such powerful results, was incredible. I'm curious: what makes you believe that the man was "immature" and "belligerent"? Eyewitness accounts and videos seem to imply that he was not, and as more facts have come out, I'm becoming more and more convinced that what United did may was a violation of their own policies, and perhaps the law. So, I'm a nonexpert, not going to source this, and am repeating hearsay. Salt this comment to taste, but: While I won't dispute that the moment he refused to deplane, he violated the law (you're required to follow the instructions of flight crew), the request that he be removed was also a violation of UA policy from what I've seen. Here's some things that I've read - He had previously volunteered to deboard, until he learned that it would be such a long delay - This was not a case of overbooking, the 4 people added to the flight were United Employees, not overbooked passengers. - UA policy states that airline employees will be the first people bumped from a flight in the case that it is overbooked - (According to someone on reddit, so extra salt:) All of the overbooking regulations have to do with seat assignments. You shouldn't get bumped once you're assigned a seat, much less seated, and doing so may be a breach of regulations by United. If that's the case, then the crew were absolutely breaching UA policy when he was removed, and they may have been breaching federal regulations when they asked him to deplane. To be clear, that's no excuse for refusing to deplane (even if he knew he was in the right), but it's not as simple as "he was disruptive" if the request for him to leave was illegal. To expand on fnord, to my knowledge, pickle handles all of these things. Its still a bad solution, but it does everything you want. pickle.dump(f, anyobject) anyobject = pickle.load(f) To be completely honest, if this is an issue, that person probably shouldn't be using patreon at all. My point is that if you're living paycheck to paycheck in such a way that when you get paid impacts when you can pay your expenses, you shouldn't be paying for things like patreon, you should be saving that money into a rainy day fund. That is, people living paycheck to paycheck aren't (and shouldn't be) the target audience of Patreon, because they really shouldn't be using Patreon. Or in other words, if "a $1 charge at the wrong time can be seriously problematic", you shouldn't be spending on patreon, you should be instead saving up that money until a $1 charge isn't problematic. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong here, but this problem is solvable by waiting a month to join the service, and paying each month with last month's funds. Also the snark isn't appreciated. Edit: To clarify, what this really comes down to is that I don't think patreon (or any company) should be going out of its way to encourage people who may not be financially stable to subscribe to recurring charges for things. That seems abusive, not empowering. Indeed, but I expect that's also true for matlab's vanilla solution. >Waiting a month for an expense you actually have the money now for is just plain poor manners on the billing agency. Perhaps, but I also don't necessarily think of Comcast as a design we should follow. If I understand >Think about that statement in the light of a non-ad supported web. correctly, your implication is that this will cut people who can't pay out of services (ie. things become subscription based and then non-payers are excluded). That at least can be solved by freemium models (which is what Patreon does), although Mz goes further and states that even that can be alienating to people who want to pay but can't. FWIW, as someone who is a consumer of a lot of things that I don't subscribe or pay for (including some patreon based groups), who I probably should start supporting, because I can and I'd prefer that they continue existing, I've never felt like I don't have access to media I want (note that this is different than "do I feel like I'm unable to support something I enjoy"). I'm relying on the morality of creators to continue producing (good) free content, and only producing special content at the price, but so far at least that's been a good assumption. >but people with this issue don't solve it by "saving up" and some people will never be well off. Agreed. Although at least for patreon, which in my experience is freemium, you aren't worrying about basic access. If we were talking about a newspaper subscription or internet access or an all access subscription to some content creator who only gave access to patrons that might be different, but "premium access to extra content a creator makes" is something that I don't spend money on. In an ad-free world that might change, but it also might not. Now, on the other hand, there's perhaps an honor in saying that I shouldn't be taking money from people who can't afford this. I think its difficult, because you either end up inadvertently taking advantage of people or alienating people, but I don't see a way to do neither. (I'm thinking of cigarettes and lottery tickets as corollaries here). >If you do not allow for the possibility that the 99% can help pay for it, you also inherently cut them out in other critical areas, like having a voice in design and services. I make two comments here. The first is that (again at least with patreon), I see it as an expressly premium service. My view might be wrong, but from that perspective its worth replacing "Patreon subscription" with "concierge drycleaning subscription", and I hope you wouldn't have a problem with me saying that as a general rule people really shouldn't be using a concierge drycleaning service if they are living paycheck to paycheck. The second is that this isn't (necessarily) a 99%/1% issue. My comment was specifically addressing people with no savings and who were living paycheck to paycheck. While that's a lot of people, its not 99% (at least in the US). That's not to say that you're overall point is wrong (classist design is bad except in specific circumstances), but if you're going to make that claim, I think its important to be clear about the classes. I'm honestly not sure how that has to do with what I wrote. In any case, have a nice day as well. How did you get that out of their statement? Given that your rule of thumb is one that only developers would know or care about, yes...exactly. Developers realized that their rule was stupid and impractical (not just inconvenient, but actively impractical: async interaction is faster and requires js), and so ignored it. And you've been able to mute people in various group voice chat programs (made for talking with friends) since forever. I'm really intrigued by what all you're doing that you have this kind of problem. I maintain a pretty complex vimrc, and deploying it is normally just a git clone. I've never had any of these issues, and when I started at google (which provides a nice collection of internal vim configs and plugins), combining the two and getting everything set up took me O(hours), not O(days). What are you doing? Its just bad because the .git folder means that any time you delete an old git repo or anything, you get a fevered email from dropbox reminding you that you just deleted 10000 files. Wait, that doesn't sound like a problem with your vim config, it just sounds like you had a broken version of macvim. Most autonomous vehicles already do this to some extent or another. Tools like ROS (which Uber at least uses for its vehicles) practically handle this for you. The ros tf2 (tf for "transformations", not Tensorflow) library allows you to basically input a 3d model of your vehicle, like you might get from CAD, add the pose and location of your various sensors, and it will automatically handle the spacial transforms required to build a singular world model for you. Not 80%, 80% off. When you come across a single credit card number (say, by finding someone's card on the ground), the response by most financial institutions is to invalidate that card and mail them a new one. Why shouldn't the response be the same if you come across a stack of 100 credit cards? How is "someone has stolen your clients information and likely already sold it to nefarious actors, because otherwise it wouldn't be on the internet anywhere, so you should keep them safe by deactivating those accounts" threatening? I'd be annoyed if my bank didn't do something. So? When a website has its passwords stolen (even just the hashed, salted ones) the immediate step is to invalidate every password potentially compromised and force users to reset them. Doesn't matter how or why the passwords were lost, you start by mitigating the damage someone can do. Why isn't the response for when credit card information (which is very often more valuable) is stolen similar? >You're basically saying "academics can derive your social security number using public information!" No, I'm saying that if my name, social, DoB, mother's maiden name, and credit card number appear online in a csv file with 200 other people's personal information, I'd really appreciate it if my credit card company would take proactive steps to keep my accounts secure. Being large does not imply being a monopoly. That's ridiculous. If the bank is aware that my credentials are available online somewhere and are taking no action to protect me, they're being complicit in any harm that comes to be, because they have both the responsibility and ability to take action, and refuse to. They're being irresponsible and potentially harming their clients. So again, how is saying "You should take action to protect your customers' data" a threat? How can it be interpreted as a threat? What is threatening about it? (disc: googler) But in many ways this is anti user. There's a huge value in getting search results based on context and knowledge about you. Its nice that when I google "go", the first result is golang, whereas DDG returns Google.com, Go.com, the disambiguation page for Go on wikipedia, and finally golang. Further, when I type "frequent flyer number" into a google search bar, it returns my personal frequent flyer number (scraped from emails). Some people (rightfully!) find that creepy and invasive. I find it incredibly useful. Making a tool used by billions of people less useful isn't good. > I'm saying that all monopolies are bad. Including regulated, natural monopolies? (I'm speaking of utilities mainly). Sure they're not great, but I can't think of a better alternative. True, but wars don't generally provide necessary services. That is, most people would like to avoid wars. Most people would prefer to have utilities. You answer your own question: society vests them with the authority. As a similar thought: why do we only allow police to give citations for crimes, instead of allowing anyone to cite anyone for a crime? I'm curious, under this train of thought, vehicle hardware should also be open source, right? >Why? We literally never see that with top shelf products. This isn't an arduino solder job. This is going to be an integrated software and hardware package that will rival an aircraft autopilot/navigation. Please check you facts on the cost of these things. Google claims that it dropped the price of lidar by a factor of 10x once it started producing them. That seems like a significant, factual, drop in cost. A Kantian approach also works here though. The price dropped from something ridiculous (~100K) to something manageable for a luxury car (~10K), and certainly reasonable as a cost offset by multiple consumers (like in a rideshare environment). >Quick, what's the reaction time for Waymo's driverless cars? Support your answer with evidence. >For extra credit: describe what the reaction time is for Waymo's driverless cars are during various points of the garbage collection cycle. Aight, I'm not familiar with Waymo's cars specifically, but with And yes, this isn't incredibly difficult. For reference, in my experience, running 2 cameras and a low power lidar (along with associated outputs to hardware actuators and such) off of a 2013 (or maybe a 2011) macbook pro, the limiting factor was always the lidar's 15fps framerate. So your argument went from "its economically infeasible" to "I don't like it!"? I know of someone who got an explicit yes, but the project was a toy and didn't really require it. >which are expected to be as little as $80 I've been paying close attention, and the lowest price I've seen has been $300, and I don't believe any solid state lidar has yet to be produced at that price point, despite companies claiming they could more than a year ago. >You emphasized anyone but by allowing developers to take the code proprietary, their users (which are using your code) are being denied the freedom you promote. This is of course the distinction between GPL and BSD-type licenses. One gives developers all the freedom they want while the other ensures that all users (including those using derivative works) are given those freedoms. Their users are not being denied the freedom to use my code, their users are being denied the freedom to use their code, which is their right. The cynic in me really thinks its important to wonder why there exists a GNU, and not an organization formed around and sustained by the MIT license. >Unless they know it came from you and where to get it (which will not be advertised), they are. And almost all licenses require attribution. >Also, after you die and your source code is gone, the derivative work could still go on to whatever success and none of the users of your code will have access to it except for that developer of the derivative work. This makes no sense. The source code of what I did will still be around, and still be attributed. Dying doesn't make my work disappear into the ether. >The cynic is me says the answer is that the people interested in MIT licensing are not very interested in sharing their work with others in an organization. What does this mean? That's an awful lot of assumptions in one sentence. >But again, just because it technically exists somewhere doesn't mean a user of the derived work will know how to find it This sounds pretty ridiculous to me. Can you cite an example of abandonware that completely disappeared from the public internet but continued to be used by some user-facing product? It seems to me that if development stagnates on a project entirely, its almost a certainty that the project is unused, or has been forked (and potentially new changes have been placed under another license). >nor what parts that work are actually covered by your code prior to finding it So, the open source license should really only be relevant to highly technical users (that is, my parents will never care about the license software is under). I'd hope those users are capable of discerning what the OSS licensed software does. This is fair, and admittedly I'm young. By the time I started writing code, github already existed. I can't really fathom a situation where all versions of a library could fall out of public access, unless that library was truly and completely unused. >Can you use 'self' as a key? Without looking at the code: yes. `self` in python is just convention. Interestingly, most of ROS (core) is py3 compatible. Its only a lot of the libs that aren't. Unfortunately, that includes some very common libs. >All the Waymo cars will have a technician who can take control in an emergency. This is likely more due to regulatory reasons than anything else. Waymo's cars have an exceedingly low rate of required intervention. The windows patch contains mitigation techniques for the vulnerability, likely enough for an attacker to to reverse engineer. Its better to have the details out in the open so that users can take action to mitigate in the meantime. And Tahoe (light snow) and Seattle (rain/fog) and a couple of other places. Sure, most testing has been in the Bay Area (although at this point I'm not actually sure if that's the case anymore). For technological or regulatory reasons? (for context, I often see cars without steering wheels tooling around Mountain View) Why is that relevant? The person stated that they expected autonomous vehicles to take 20-50 years to have no steering wheels. My point is, such vehicles already drive on the roads in some places. The limits are already often more regulatory than technological. >I wasn't replying to the person, I was replying to /you/. And my point still stands. How do you define a "fully autonomous vehicle" is an important question. Consider the following three possibilities: - Drives better than the median human driver in average weather conditions on half of the roads in the US (alternatively, for harder goals, replace with US+Europe or World) - Drives better than 95% of people in 95% of weather conditions on 95% of roads in the US - Drives better than any human in any weather conditions on any road in the US I'd argue we're almost certainly past the first milestone, and probably at or approaching the second, and the third will never be reached, but that doesn't matter. >A vehicle which can navigate autonomously 95% of the time might not be that far off (I still call it a decade though), but those last 5% (thus, no steering wheel at all) are going to be way harder. To give but a few examples: humans are taxed by navigating roads in snowy weather at night, but they usually pull it off. Or intersections controlled by traffic police. Or intersections with undisciplined drivers pushing in. I'll be interested to see an autonomous system deal with such situations gracefully. Fwiw, I'm fairly confident that waymo's vehicles can handle flagmen and have more experience driving in the snow than I do. And I'm sure they can handle aggressive or undisciplined drivers. Conversely, there are situations that AVs will handle much much better than humans already (a neighborhood with a lot of kids running around and shrubs occluding them for example). For context, we know that the first goal (better than average driver in half of road conditions) is now achievable by teams of 1-3 people on a tight budget in O(months) (and really, maybe weeks), since people have done that and posted it on the internet. >I agree on the first and third milestones. Or kinda -- perhaps the first milestone is only reached for California, or for US highways yet My anecdotal experience shows that there exist vehicles capable of tooling around on highways and city streets without the need for human interaction. >but from a I'd-like-to-arrive-at-some-point perspective. Because then again it becomes about human interaction (being assertive without being an asshole, muddling your way through this blocked intersection through essentially non-verbal communication with the drivers around you), and computers will (inherently, perhaps) be worse at that than humans. There's a good video I've seen about how the Google cars can increase their assertiveness until they can go. >Except, again, that humans will be able to judge body language or the rules of a game the children are playing, and anticipate instead of being confined to reacting Not if they can't see the children because, as I said, they're behind trees. >Perhaps my pessimism also stems from the fact that the oh-so-smart driving assistants in my car are so shitty Indeed, that's why I clarify that Adaptive Cruise Control isn't the same thing as an autonomous vehicle and you shouldn't use one to judge the other. Another example of this is that many open office buildings that are (or seem) relatively high density are over 150 sqft/head because of restrooms, meeting rooms, and corridors. (Fitting the rule, I'm a googler). It helps that Google employs about 10x as many people as Uber does. Its the same reason you see lots of Microsoft SWEs here. (am a googler) The accusation here is that Levandowski stole proprietary hardware designs, not algorithms. (well there was also an allegation that he stole "math" but alsup denied that) (Disclosure: I work at google) You're ignoring a big part of this though: Waymo is given expedited discovery and is allowed to look at Uber's hardware. The injunction says that Uber cannot use Levandowski or any of the work he brought, and so Google['s expert] is allowed to look at Uber's hardware and make sure that none of it is based on the stolen documents. On the assumption that waymo's claims are true (ie. Uber is basing their work on stolen proprietary designs), this is a major blow to Uber, since they would need to redesign their lidar hardware from the ground up. I did. The injunction states that the Fuji lidar may be infringing on trade secrets, the court can't rule and is unwilling got make a prelim injunction, telling Uber to chuck it off a cliff, but will allow expert analysis to confirm. The problem is that Waymo made some overbroad claims and so Alsup is punishing them for it by making the injunciton weaker (and he states as much in footnote 6). That's also what is covered in part 6 of the injunction relief. They are granted additional depositions and analysis of "schematics, work orders, source code, notes, and emails" regarding lidar. In fact, reading the trade secret infringement part, it reads as though there's no question that levandowski stole documents and that those documents were used to create Uber's lidar using proprietary information from Google. That doesn't bode well. Edit: Or in other words, Alsup's questions aren't whether or not proprietary info was stolen, but whether or not it is still being actively used. "Again, that Fuji -- and, at least on the record, no other LiDAR -- copies specific GBr3 specifications is striking evidence suggesting that at least some evidence from Waymo's files has already found its way into Uber's Lidar designs." "At this stage, that is sufficient to extrapolate that at least some of the information in the 14,000-plus downloads likely qualifies for trade secret protection, and certain relief is warranted to prevent the misuse of those downloads as this litigation progresses." Note that these two quotes are about a separate way that the Fuji likely infringes on the GBr3. It really does seem like Alsup would have provided further relief if waymo hadn't been so broad in their claims of infringement (again, see footnote 6: "Waymo's inequitable conduct is factored into the relief granted herein") It seems to generally come down to this: "For similar reasons, this order also declines, at this stage, to enjoin Uber from using even the specific asserted trade secrets on which Waymo has shown serious questions going to the merits — i.e., Even a limited injunction as to these specific features would impose hardship on Uber’s overall LiDAR development that is disproportionate to Waymo’s limited showing of misappropriation by defendants thus far" There's a difference between code written and tools you used. Just to compare, 2007 was the time of python 2.5, Java 6 and Windows Vista. I would certainly hope people have upgraded to newer tools than those. Right, and Windows XP was deprecated 3 years ago after a 12 year lifespan. That people are still using XP is, honestly, inexcusable. If you want a 10 year deprecation policy for something someone else is maintaining, you should be prepared to pay for the salaries of the engineers who will maintain it for the 5 years after everyone else has moved off the system, or just build your own api ;) Elsewhere in the thread its been explained that "google get's to look at Uber's Lidar" is really "Google's lawyers and some non-employee experts get to look at Uber's Lidar". Essentially its Chinese walled, your average Waymo engineer (in fact probably every waymo engineer) isn't going to see the documents. 1. A preliminary injunction was issued, just not a sweeping one 2. "is striking evidence" is a phrase that to me implies that the Uber lidar likely infringes, please explain if you disagree. 3. Speaking of bias, elsewhere in this thread you say "As far as I can tell from reading the injunction, there wasn't a single case of a trade secret from those documents making its way into Uber's technology." [0]. Given that Alsup believes that Waymo has demonstrated "striking evidence" to the contrary, will you revise that position? [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14342469 Right, waymo attorney is what it is, but waymo expert does not imply waymo employee (much like waymo attorney doesn't necessarily imply waymo employee either) >Evidence. I'll wait for the results of the hearing to see what the overall judgement is. Have you forgotten that all trials have evidence both for and against? But the evidence wasn't enough to issue a preliminary injunction, which means that there is no smoking gun. Yes there was, that's what this document is. >A preliminary injunction was issues against Levandowski No, a preliminary injunction was issues against Uber preventing Levandowski from working on things. As far as the court is concerned, Levandowski isn't a party in this case. To be clear, this Order is an injunction against Uber, no one else. That's the way the court sees it (and this has been made pretty clear in prior arguments). There was enough evidence to issue a preliminary injunction against uber, just not one that required them to stop working on lidar completely. This is despite what Alsup says at the end of page 12, which I read as being the main reason (and again, alsup clearly states this in footnote six) that the injunctive relief isn't stronger. Or in other words, Alsup was, based on the evidence provided, willing to place a stronger injunction against Uber, but has not as a way to 'punish' Waymo for overreaching in some of its claims. I'd take some time to read section D. It pretty clearly explains all of this (basically, Waymo asked for the court to account for Adverse Interference to make a stronger judgement, and the court denied because Waymo was also misbehaving). That's a strong accusation to make without any kind of supporting anything. (am an eng at google) How else do you provide 24/7 support? (I work at google) FWIW the privacy policies pretty clearly outline that your information isn't given to third parties. So this is already guaranteed. I'm obviously not a lawyer, but to my knowledge, a privacy policy is a contract that ensures that your data cannot be used in certain ways without your express consent. A future google would have the option to update their privacy policy, but they couldn't use your information unless you opted in to the new policy (which companies often do by saying "if you continue to use this, you opt in"). No legal contract would be capable of doing that. Then wouldn't the right course of action be to talk to a lawyer and not ask google to charge you for something they already do for free? Indeed. However you also made it clear what you don't understand. Consider 1 person per year being born. If you assume the growth rate is exponential, then you will see that the first year, the growth rate is 100%, the second year the growth rate is 50%, the third year the growth rate is 33% and so on. At any point, you can fit an exponential to the graph tangential to the current point. It won't fit much, but you can still do it. A decreasing exponential may be exponential, but it also very well may not be. But we'll need to look a few years into the future to be sure. That said, expert opinion seems to be that growth rate is at this point linear (or iow an exponential that decreases each year so as to appear linear) [0] [0]: https://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/update... To be fair, at least in wikipedia's case, that's potentially a good thing. Wikipedia isn't ad-supported, so having their data hosted elsewhere isn't actually a problem (as long as credit is given and so donations continue), because it becomes less expensive for them to host. Fair. (I work for google, but nothing to do with firebase) How exactly is what I think is best summarized as "we had a bug in our pricing system that was undercharging a miniscule number of users by an order of magnitude, and when we fixed the bug, they were informed of the price increase and we even gave them ways to mitigate, but their app architecture was terrible which made it difficult or impossible, and then after they raised a stink about it we reduced the cost/credited them enough to be mutually agreeable" as predatory? >(who do you call if gmail craps out on you?) When was the last time gmail crapped out on you? >I find considerable irony in this assertion considering we're talking about Google here. If any organization should know about the emptiness of promises of anonymity it's Google. So, you're assumption is that the 15,000 engineers who are subscribed (including multiple people in this thread), are incapable of determining whether or not the list is actually anonymous? Its a google internal list, how do you think people submit things? Your argument seems to boil down to "these 15000 people don't actually know what's good for them", and I find that (as a subscriber) incredibly infantilizing. >they are, actually. they're being accused anonymously, but that is cold comfort because anonymity in an organization and social setting like that one is a false promise. That's not what an accusation is. "Someone did something that made me feel uncomfortable" does not accuse anyone of anything. >the ease by which candid identities can be discovered and correlated makes this a deep flaw if you mean to use it as a defense against potential abuse of the list. You don't think the list curators thought of that? C'mon. >I presented the principles of due process in the U.S. justice system as a model for how to manage disputes in other systems as well. Which are irrelevant. Half of those things don't apply in civil cases, much less a company's HR process, much less something that isn't a disciplinary tool. But if we're going to use the constitution as a point of argument, it also prohibits restrictions on speech so if Google as a company intends to uphold the constitution, it shouldn't restrict its employees right to speak to each other about anything, including complaints about perceived sleights. Once again: comparing this list to any kind of disciplinary tool or group is misleading and conveys a misunderstanding of the list and Google. Its mission, as I understand it, is to inform people of ways in which coworkers feel hurt or uncomfortable, so that employees may better understand each other. Anything beyond that is driven at an individual level. Just a few questions: - Do you believe that an employer should only fire someone for things that are illegal? If yes, why, if no, how can we rely on the legal system if they are being fired for things that aren't illegal? - Do you believe that this innocent until proven guilty legally applies even if other employees are leaving as a result of their conduct? Say a manager whose reports seem to quit very quickly complaining about sexual harassment. When does the company have the right to fire the troublemaker? One employee that quits? 5? 10? - Should a company be liable for actions that its employees take on its premises during the working day? That is, if I complain about a coworker, and then am forced to continue working with them, and then am hurt (we'll say physically to make this simpler), should I be able to sue the company for forcing me to continue working with that person despite my complaint? - Related to the prior two, but broader: at what point does the economic effect on the company outweigh their moral duty to protect employees accused of misconduct? Keep in mind that a company has a duty to shareholders as well as to its other employees. I hope you don't think that a company should be willing to go under to continue employing a single employee, no matter their alleged misconduct. - A company has a moral duty to protect employees from firing based on implication. Does it also have a moral duty to protect employees from harassment? I'm sorry you took my post as a rhetorical trap, it wasn't intended as such. You stated that "that kind of action ought to wait until a real legal judgment has been made." Which to me comes across as rather absolute, your response has made it clear that that wasn't entirely true, so my apologies for misunderstanding you. From your comments here though, it sounds to me that you consider an HR investigation an unfair process, would that correctly characterize your view? To be clear, I do believe your stance is untenable, but that doesn't mean my statements are in bad faith, these questions are more or less the reasons that I believe that the stance that "companies shouldn't fire people before they're found guilty of a crime" is an untenable stance (and s/companies/universities or other organization/ for a broader conversation). I don't think that an organization can hold itself to the ethical bar you think is proper without causing itself (and its constituents) a level of inconvenience that is too great. For a society or government, where membership is not voluntary, that is necessary, but for groups whose members are free to leave (for whatever definition fits the group), it doesn't work. You can't simultaneously have a group that people will want to voluntarily join in and one that protects abusers. >This has created the atmosphere of a moral panic which leads to numerous false accusations. It's a troubling circumstance. Why do you believe this to be the case? From my perspective, I've seen very few examples of false accusation (certainly not enough to call them "numerous") and many more examples of actions that go unpunished. Really I think that's what defines the core of our difference in view. You seem to believe that there is some great number of false accusations flying around, and further that these false accusations are causing innocent people great harm. On the other hand, I see many instances of people who should be punished for actions that are unacceptable go completely without consequence. Can you see why, from my perspective, I don't see our current situation as tragic, and indeed see it as a vast improvement over the past (which had an even greater number of unpunished actions). As a very recent graduate, my same comments apply, more or less, to universities. >as someone with more years and perspective Wasn't it you who said we should speak in good faith. I prefer not to be patronized. I asked you a question, which applied equally to universities as workplaces, that could be summed up as "As someone who has recently been at a university, and is currently in a workplace, I am aware of many more (perhaps orders of magnitude more) instances of abuse that goes unreported or unpunished as compared to instances of people being falsely accused of things. Given that, why should I take your concerns seriously, other than your wisdom and perspective?" You avoided it. Its difficult to take your concerns seriously when you avoid explaining them. Or in other words, I have anecdotal evidence that a lot of harassment goes unreported, and similarly anecdotal evidence that relatively few accusations are false ones, and anecdotal evidence that in many cases, being forced out or punished for perceived harassment won't actually have a lasting negative impact, and certainly won't be life-ruining. Actual data tends to agree with me. If, as I believe, for every 1 false accusation of something, 10 instances of that thing go unreported, why should I stand for focussing resources on providing additional (and perhaps unnecessary) protections to the 1, when at the same time there are 10 victims, and perhaps 10 assailants, who go without justice and punishment, respectively? Google project shield was released first. It was announced in early/mid 2016, whereas AWS shield was released in December. There's a wiki article somewhere that was brought up when this discussion happened on reddit that states that members of security details aren't usually granted immunity, only consular officials are. EDIT: I found it [0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diplomatic_immunity#Diplomatic... >98, my friend. Did you realize this whole controversy is over a 2% gap? I'll mention two things: the first is that other studies find that the 2% is closer to 5 or 7%. Still not 23 or 25%, but more significant. The second is that even that 2% number, over a lifetime and with interest is very likely something like an extra year's worth of income. That means retiring a year earlier, which I'd say is very significant. Except that vote fuzzing was always a thing, so when you'd see 1000 upvotes and 100 downvotes, that could be off by an enormous amount (I think a reddit admin said by a factor of 5x or 10x in extreme cases, ie. frontpage posts). Except its unlikely that "sufficiently random" refers to "do not equal each other" in this context. Its likely that "sufficiently random" means "passes one of a variety of proofs of being statistically random (for example: nlogn repetitions of fisher-yates)". That implies randomness, but doesn't imply "doesn't equal any other deck of cards" except with high probability. In short, yes. And there's currently an ongoing arbitration between Google and Levandowski separate from this suit. This is not a criminal proceeding. The thing to note here, is that as far as Alsup is concerned, Levandowski isn't a party to the case. There's Uber and Waymo. Uber has been instructed to get information for Waymo as part of a civil proceeding in which Levandowski is not a party. To do anything less than their fullest to compel Levandowski to give that information to Waymo would make Uber liable. Its worth remembering that, at this point, this is only a civil suit, so among other things, silence can actually be used against you (adverse interference). You're correct. That was a typo on my part. Polling data wasn't even wrong. It was almost spot on in measuring popular vote totals. The mistakes were solely with some state level polls (and really not even mistakes, just high uncertainties) and poll aggregators. Really, I think most of the incorrect predictions came from one error: assuming a higher level of independence between state results than is actually the case. Nate Silver/538 talk about this some, and they gave Trump the highest (~30%) chance of winning on election day. >Nate Silver just like NYT gave Hillary a 90% chance at the start of the day He didn't though, and that's my point. What you're saying is factually untrue, they haven't updated their prediction since election morning, and it sits at 71% Clinton [0] (Updated Nov. 8, 2016). If you don't believe that, then you can take a look at archive.is, which provides timestampped copies. This [4] is an archived copy from well before polls closed (3:30 PM), there are others from earlier in the day. I don't know what led you to believe that it was a sure clinton win, but that just wasn't the case. Clinton won the popular vote by somewhere between 2 and 3%. National polls from just before the election (also per 538, [1]): +4, +2, +3, +4, +4, +4, +4, +4, +2, +3 An arithmetic average of those gives C + 3.4. Take Florida, a state trump won, here's polls taken in Novemeber [2]: +1, -3, +0, +2, +1, -4 An arithmetic mean gives -.5, Trump won by about a percent. Take Pennsylvania [3], another close state. November polls again +1, +2, +4, +6, +3, -2, -2, +0, +0, +2, +2 An arithmetic mean gives Clinton + 1.18, Trump won by about .7, so this was perhaps the greatest polling blunder, and its still a margin of under 2%, which isn't unheard of. [0]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ [1]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/... [2]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/... [3]: https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/pennsylvania [4]: https://archive.fo/4EQGB >The problem here is that marketers are only measuring click through. I'm curious, do you really think this is the case? Like, do you really, honestly think that no advertising company has had this thought before? I just looked, and every post made more recently than this one (as of now) has exactly 1 point, so its not that crazy to see this on the front page. Its worth watching the video in its entirety. That's not true. Python 3.6 beats 2.7 in most benchmarks, its just that there are a few places where 3 is slower (like startup time) that make a lot of things look bad, but that don't actually affect "speed" as most people would consider. Their business customers probably really do care. Companies run off of AWS and GCP. I'm sure that spotify and Snapchat and Netflix get considerable value from those guarantees. It absolutely is. Consider that that means that python takes 2-3 frames to start up. I'm not sure one should or could reasonably consider that "slow" for interactive use. If a module imports anything, it cannot be assumed clean, since any of its imports may execute code, and they will not be available at compile time. > I also don't see evidence linking the Flynn conversation to the firing Trump stated it was due to the Russia investigation in the CNN interview the next day. And whether or not it harmed the investigation is irrelevant, the question is whether the intent was to harm the investigation. So given that 1. Trump asks comey to stop the investigation 2. Comey doesn't 3. Trump fires Comey 4. Trump claims that Comey was fired because of the russia/flynn investigation I don't see how you can read this any other way. The point is, firing someone because they wouldn't end an investigation is obstruction. Sure, his intent wasn't to "obstruct justice", but his intent was to obstruct justice. So then under this definition, apple is also a monopoly, as is pretty much any walled garden app store company (ie. Valve, arguably Amazon, Microsoft, and any other company with a platform that allows third parties to use that platform for a cut)? To be clear, in the US, there is at least one major competitor to Google in that space (Apple), so a price increase would lead developers to leave the platform. And in much of the rest of the world, sideloading APKs is a very, very common way of installing, so google taking 50% or 99% would lead to more third party app stores (note some of these already exist) and users sideloading APKs without Google taking any cut whatsoever. I'm just curious, what data do you believe google gives to advertisers? I work at google, and I see this trope on HN a lot, and I always like to see what data people think is given away, since a lot of the time they seem to be under the impression that either Google's privacy policy is different than it actually is, or that Google's privacy policy isn't actually something that Google follows, or that it doesn't protect them from something for some reason. So, what data do you think google gives to advertisers/third parties, and what do you think Google does with the data it does have about you? (and by you I mean the generic you if you personally stay away from Google, and by Google I mean Google, but fwiw, you could probably replace Google with Facebook or Microsoft and ask the same exact question) That's a different conversation (hardware licensing vs. app store). Also I'm curious, I see you posting pretty often, and about 80% of your comments are anti-Google specifically, is there a reason for that? >as far as I know, they are under no legal obligation to delete or restrict access to data collected under previous iterations of the policy (obviously IANAL) I'm fairly sure that they cannot without your permission, although they can assume your permission if you continue using the service after they change the policy (and you're informed of the change), and at least with the changes I can find online, Google at least generally seems to give users the chance to opt out of changes. Edit: a quick search for examples backs up my claim, I can't find any situation where a company could modify its privacy policy in a way that would affect existing user data, and apply that new policy to users who were no longer using the platform. Either its not legal, or companies voluntarily don't do that. So, I asked you for examples of Google (or Facebook) sharing your information with third parties. While I agree that Facebook's practice of advertising via "Josh liked XYZ product" is not something I want, it is not an example of facebook sharing your data with advertisers. That happens entirely within the facebook platform. I think its a misleading way to present the information, but its not sharing any information (your likes) with anyone who didn't already have access to that information (your friends). This is by definition security by obscurity, is it not? >Even if it happens within a platform it's still a very concerning problem. I don't necessarily disagree, but "Xcorp is presenting personal data that you've released publically in a misleading way" very different than "Xcorp is giving personal data that you assumed was private away to third parties". I think the second is a lot more serious than the first. >If a company decided to put cameras in people's homes to improve "customer service" that business would be out of business the next day. I'm not sure I agree, given the popularity of smart TVs and the recently announced Amazon Echo Look. I make no judgement of whether this is good or bad (I personally don't have any always-on recording devices), but I don't think its true. >I understand that this is a result of people not wanting to pay for access to websites and online-services but, in my opinion, that's because they don't understand the ramifications. See, and I disagree here. There are certain kinds of services that money cannot provide. Google Now recommends news articles to me, it can give me reminders about upcoming events from my emails and Google gives me some personalized search features (ie. if I type "frequent flyer number" into the default google search bar, my number appears, scraped from an email years ago). Those features have a utility that I couldn't get from an application that didn't track information about me. Potentially I could self host something with that level of utility, but it would take a research lab and millions of dollars to create. On the other hand, reddit, which tracks comparatively little information about me, reliably recommends trending posts that are of zero interest to me. >And I think that's the main difference between our viewpoints. Personally, I'm not ok with a company having so much information about me just for the sake of convenience. I'd rather have to write my own scripts to scrape through news feeds or just continually check blogs that I like rather than a company having all that data about me. This is a fair view to hold (I think the rest of your post goes off into slippery slope land, but its based on a realistic fear), but at the same time, I think you need to be aware that you (or I) won't be able to recreate some of the things that these companies can do, no matter how much time or effort we invest. Its also worth realizing that you're essentially stating that these experiences should be inaccessible to those who are nonexperts. That is, if in your perfect world, MiGooBookZon doesn't exist, and you make due with a set of scripts that you wrote that scrape some RSS feeds you care about and order articles based on some ratings you hardcoded for personal use, where does that leave all of the people who don't have the technical chops to write a set of personal scripts to scrape the news sources that interest them? So just to clarify, because a different company, in a different industry, did something illegal that had nothing to do with privacy, you don't trust privacy policies? But that's not what I asked. Let's assume for a moment that you trust google completely, and believe that they won't do anything untoward with your data on their platform. But we all know that google gives some data to advertisers. I'm asking what you think that data is, hence I asked >I'm just curious, what data do you believe google gives to advertisers? It sounds like you're saying that Google has a lot of information on you, which is probably true, but how much of that gets given to third parties? (and if you're claiming that the information you described is given to third parties, I'm confident that you're mistaken). >First of all, you need to acknowledge the vertical integration. Google has a lock on manufacturers, who have no option put to license Android, and as a requirement of that, must include the Play Store, You mean like the Kindle Fire, which runs a custom version of AOSP and doesn't include the play store? You have it backwards. If manufacturers want to access to the play store on device, they need to meet minimum standards, not the other way. But again, that's beside the point. No matter what, there's less vertical integration on the android side of things than on the Apple side of things, which has no alternate play stores, and which requires you to pay apple to be able to sideload apps. And even that's mostly beside the point, because what we're talking about is a cut being taken from purchases of paid apps on the play store. That has nothing to do with devices at all. And what I said is true, if the price that Google took from app manufacturers increased, app developers would raise prices or leave the platform, and as a result users would too, and move to iOS or Windows Phone if it came to that. Or, they'd do what many people already do and sideload APKs via other app stores, like the Amazon App store or F-Droid. So again, there's one ecosystem with multiple hardware provides, multiple appstores, and the ability to sideload apps entirely, and another ecosystem with one hardware manufacturer, one app store, and no ability to sideload apps without paying additional money, and the manufacturer and app store are the same entity, but your argument is that the first example is more vertically integrated? >Second, I wanted to address the accusatory notion of the back half of your comment, and point out the hypocrisy of Googler coming in here and suggesting others have ulterior motives for their comments. What hypocrisy? I don't hide that I worked for google, and generally make an effort to reveal that when I'm posting on google-related topics (and I do so in this thread) Ulterior implies hidden motives. I'm not hiding anything. >I speak a lot about Google because a lot of people disproportionately speak positively about Google even though they should not. This cleverly avoids actually explaining why you rail against Google so much. You're begging the question. >You are paid by a company being directly suggested to be destroyed/broken up Indeed I am. Given that I'm very forthcoming with that, I don't see why that should matter though. Its not like this thread will have any effect on my livelyhood. I think there's a very simple one: google employees, by and large, use google products. If google is mishandling user data, that means that they are mishandling my data, and my boss's data, and my boss's boss's data. That is, unlike with VW vehicles, individual employees are directly negatively affected. Why edit your post instead of responding? That's such an odd way to do things and breaks the order of conversation. >Security and privacy are actually distinctly different concepts with very different implications. True, but you cannot have privacy without security. That is to say, if I pieces my personal information to 5 different groups, but all of them are vulnerable, your data, all of it, is vulnerable, and an untrusted Nth party can attain all of it. On the other hand, if you give all of your personal information to a single secure party, you know who has the data. Obviously, its a bit more complex than this because often times larger groups are single sources of failures, but still. For a nondigital metaphor, your list of kinks is less likely to get out if you put it in a safe deposit box than if you rip it into 4 pieces and tell your closest friends to put their piece under their mattress, even if no friend as the whole list and you trust each friend more than your bank, because an adversary can probably figure out that you gave it to your friends, and can break into their houses, but won't be able to crack the vault. Are you familiar with the difference between options and RSUs? Even that's not quite true, Pichai's annual comp is likely much lower than that, since his 200m grant is over some number of years. (Which is to say, talking about compensation is confusing). I think it depends on your definition of "quite common". 100% of the time? No. 5% of the time, also no. But then, more likely than not, your testing how long it takes someone to learn your stack, and not how well they can solve problems once they're using your stack. (or in other words, total time taken to do n tasks is mn + b, where m is the efficiency when using your stack, and b is the time taken to originally learn your stack. b is relatively large, so with n=1, that's a very different thing than with n=100.)