The NYTimes subscription model is one of the few benign-sounding things in the world that makes me actively angry. Their pricing model charges you X for Web access. Okay so far. They've decided to charge for content. Fine. Their pricing model charges you (X+Y) for web+smartphone. I'm not going to say this is stupid, because obviously apps cost money to develop. Sure, it's the same content I'm viewing on 2 devices, but I'm downloading some app that took literally WEEKS to develop, so I get it. Their pricing model charges you (X+Z) for web+tablet. This is starting to get silly because I can't really understand why a tablet app costs more to develop than a smartphone app, and anyway, I'm already paying for your content in the "web" portion. Here's where it gets insulting, and where I refuse to give them a goddamned penny. Web+smartphone+tablet. First off, you're telling me that it's not good enough to pay for web+tablet? I have to pay extra for a smartphone on top of that ? Okay, but surely I pay a discounted smartphone rate, right? It's, like, (X+Z+(.5Y)), right? There's no way the esteemed NYTimes would think their customers are so bloody stupid as to not only pay for smartphone access on top of tablet access, but pay FULL PRICE for said smartphone access, right? WRONG. NYTimes wants you to pay 2X+Y+Z for web+web+tablet+smartphone access. Look it up, I'm not joking here. They insist that their product is so valuable, that not only should you pay extra to access their web content on a tablet or smartphone, and not only should you pay the SAME AMOUNT for each of the web+tablet+smartphone, they think their customers are so bloody stupid that they should double pay for web content. Their most valuable customers, who want to pay for all digital access should be the ones who get ripped the most. And, as pointed out elsewhere in these comments, this is more than paying for dead trees shipped to your house every day, and throwing them in the trash. And then their advertising materials treat their allegedly valuable content as if I'm buying some cut-rate TV service. 4 week teaser rates. Really? 4 week discounts on content that, I'd hope, most users would plan to subscribe to for years if not decades? Get over yourselves, NYTimes. You've turned a class of people who would otherwise respect your work and who actually desire to pay for it into people who actively dislike you and celebrate your failure. Huh. I had no idea. I've been using MacPorts for what must be a decade, or close to it. Tried Fink a few times, never had any luck -- but never had a reason to find anything new (brew). I guess the Ports versions of everything I use are "good enough". If it ain't broke, and all that. October 2015 they'll be liable for CC fraud if the transaction in question was not cleared on an NFC+EMV capable terminals. I don't know where your info is from, but it's either old, or they'll change their tune fast. Also, some businesses can avoid PCI audits if 75% of their transactions are cleared on NFC+EMV terminals. The liability shift you keep hearing about bundles NFC+EMV together into a single concept. They're inseparable as far as CC liability is concerned. Yes, that old corporate shill, Consumers' Union, clearly accepted huge sums of money from Pioneer and Apple in exchange for a biased review. Yeah, I don't get it either. I'm reading the comments here trying to even understand what a "travel planning site" would look like. I SORT of get it, but everyone seems to have totally different ideas of what this product would be. I don't care, really. I just got back from 5 countries in Europe in 4 weeks. I just... went. I mean, we booked a couple places to stay ahead of time, and I planned my car rentals and bought tickets, but none of that was remotely difficult. I never once thought "gee, I wish I could... uh.. go to a site.. and ..click things". Huh. works great for me in Safari on OS X - and normally I'm the first to complain about poor site behavior (particularly animated gifs which Safari is terrible with). You sure don't think much of the intelligence of the average German, Dutch, or... Emir..ati... person. Las Vegas is perhaps the worst city on the planet for the carless. I've had many amusing incidents of attempting to walk places, where not just sidewalks, but roads simply do no go through. LV, LA, and Miami are particularly appalling examples of US cities which have terrible pedestrian access. That said, I've never seen as many people talking on their phone while driving as I saw last month in Reykjavik. Actually I still argue that tabs are a Bad Thing. Developers have taken a thing that SHOULD be handled by the window manager, and written their own way of doing it -- every application slightly differently, naturally. It's not as big a deal on Windows where the look+feel of various applications was always inconsistent as hell -- remember when Trillian was the most popular IM client, it seemed like in those days virtually every application handled windowing differently, it was terrible. But it's a bigger issue on OS X and in Linux. Since both have functionality to cycle through windows of a given application, tabs become less important. Of course, we still end up with visual clutter, so even luddites like myself use tabs now and again. But this should really be implemented as an OS feature, not on a per-application basis. Google, of course, vehemently disagrees, since they implement their own terrible look-and-feel everywhere. (see: crappy windowing inside of GMail, crappy windowing behavior of Hangouts, etc). shrug Just paid $750 for an iPhone 6, unlocked. The alternative was renting it from my carrier for a similar amount, divided into 24 months, and being handcuffed to them for unlocks and the like. By using BYOD pricing on my ATT plan, I pay less every month than I would on a subsidy. Yeah, I'm not everyone , but arguing that "most people" won't do what I did is kind of missing the point-- they already DO pay that much, just not all at once. It's kind of crazier when you realize what people are paying without knowing it. The subsidies are going away -- ATT and Verizon in the US are forcing people into their monthly payment plans -- which is kind of nice, because people actually see what they're paying instead of just seeing it "bundled". I went through a few of these. At least once the GPU burned up when it failed to go to sleep after disconnecting from my thunderbolt display and putting in my laptop bag for 18h. I think I went through two MBPr 15" machines before I got one that didn't have the problem. I still think it's possible some software I had was triggering it initially, but once it happened a few times, even a clean install with nothing on it could trigger it. Was very frustrating. Don't live in BFE Concord? Could get a 3/1 on the Peninsula for a bit more (say, 800-850). Less if you're willing to live in Daly City or EPA or something. Anecdotally, the Northwest has been complaining about people from CA moving up and "ruining the place" for decades. (see: "Californians driving up our housing costs", "Californians don't know how to drive", etc. I grew up in the Seattle suburbs, and it was a common refrain in the 80s and 90s, and I'm sure it goes back at least to the 1962 World's Fair, if not the early days of Boeing. Also anecdotally, I moved to the Bay Area, my parents moved (back) to SoCal after 40 years in the Northwest grey. Plus, I have 4 dot-com era friends who have moved from the Seattle tech boom to the Bay Area tech boom, all in their late 20s/early 30s (so not just-out-of-college types), and I know a few others who are considering the same. And I don't know a soul from here who moved north, except for people who came down here for college and then returned home. I guess it's like they say, "the plural of anecdote is not 'data'". SFH. Obviously you're going to pay out the nose for MTV or Los Altos. I haven't shopped in Sunnyvale but that comparison (to the other 2) surprises me. I'd expect it to be cheaper than, say, Redwood City. I remember back in '06, places in MTV were cheaper than Santa Clara. Should have bought back then! I remember thinking Google couldn't get any bigger, it was already a huge company. Guess I couldn't have been much more wrong. For 1.2M you can get a decent-sized 3/2 or 4/2 of maybe 1800sqft. Not in Mountain View, obviously. $ It's getting better. SFO, for one, has long-neck water dispensers for filling your own bottle. I've found other airports often have something similar. Of course, you need to think ahead to actually BRING your empty bottle (or dump the water before security), because my first thought when packing is "oh, I can't take my Nalgene because they won't let the water through security". It takes an extra step to say "oh, wait, I can take it through EMPTY". Of course, it also seems silly to pack a large empty container. I'm more likely to use a disposable bottle if I'm going to an event, or I'm walking around a city all day as a tourist, and want to be able to ditch the bottle rather than carrying it around empty. That said, I virtually never buy water, I dislike it on principle and only do so in special circumstances. There's some interesting research out there suggesting that head/neck injuries are actually more common among helmeted bicyclists than the non-helmeted. The factors include the extra weight of the helmet, the size of the helmet causing the helmeted head to strike the ground when an unhelmeted head would not have, and additional risks taken by helmeted riders (think: risk homeostasis). Unfortunately I can't find the link that was making the rounds a few months ago. In my own personal anecdotes, I have had one major bicycle wreck where I somersaulted into a car, one bicycle wreck where my chain snapped and I flung myself over the bars onto the street, and a couple of low-speed (~10mph) motorcycle offs where I collided with the ground but my head did not touch. Though there was one motorcycle case where the side of my helmet dragged on the ground slightly from about 5mph; it's arguable whether my head would have hit. That said, I have hit my head incredibly hard snowboarding, after catching an edge at very low speed ("last run of the day!" type thing), and always always always wear a helmet every single time I ride a bicycle or motorcycle or snowboard, just as I always wear a seatbelt in the car. It's just a habit, and a good one. This is why economics should be taught in schools. Or too small. In some cases, I bet there might just be one new luxo-lifestyle super expensive apartment building right next to the station, and nothing else. You throw a lot of alleged experience behind your opinion, but, having had to hire MANY employees in the Bay Area, it sure as hell doesn't seem like anyone's getting cheap labor, and I sure as hell don't see anyone languishing on the market thanks to this influx of ferriners. I have no source either, but I'd bet a very small sum of somebody else's dollars that "most people" in the US, at least, listen to most of their music in the car. That's an amazingly narrow-minded way of looking at a problem. It's easier and quicker to break your window than to pick your lock, $50 or $250. "Harming the regional peace and security and violating human rights for money". Interesting. The focus on this film and these supposed ideals make it sound very regional. I'm not saying it's North Korea, but it's someone in the region. Assuming the "purported hacker" actually had something to do with it. Unfortunately, political loyalty lasts far longer than brand loyalty. Gusty in RWC. Mostly calm but the gusts are definitely >15mph. Doing the opposite; SFO to SEA, but on Friday afternoon. Should be no problem, but you never know with SFO. I've personally had good luck with that airport but delays seem SO common. Parking spot 2 blocks from the highway? After all, it was the CHP that gave you the ticket.... In my experience, CHP is the EASIEST law enforcement agency to live with. 12 years here and not so much as a traffic stop. It's paradise compared to anywhere else I've been. Pretty common in France, from my experience -- even more so than in other European countries. It would be more popular in the US, too, if school wasn't so damned expensive! They already made it available for downloading, as the hack demonstrated. Yes. Accounting for cultural and random variations, it's the same. I've never understood why so many here ignore the CONTENT of the releases from the GOP. It's so clearly NK or an NK sympathizer. I don't see that kind of regional outrage and anger typically being used to frame someone else. I have literally no idea what this means. At first I took "lifestyle company" to mean "company that produces things for people's lifestyles", but his description seemed to be more about one's work for the company being a part of their lifestyle. Regardless, I recoil and avoid like the plague any product or service targeted at my "lifestyle" (typically with the word "luxury" thrown in for good measure). It's a sure tell of a company looking to separate fools from their money. And therein lies the problem with the author's attempt to extract huge meaning from a two-word term. Or perhaps he truly understood what the CEO meant, but just utterly failed at articulating what he meant. It's throwing around annoying editorials like "unwarranted" every time it doesn't apply to what you're excited about, and not expecting others to do same. You're the kind of person who feels they're fighting the good fight and the whole world is against them, proud of having this unpopular opinion that nobody agrees with. Yes, you're a special snowflake. It's lame. I generally agree. However: If you are risk pooling with much lower-risk devices and people, then you can still come out ahead. For example, maybe most people buying that kind of coverage are buying it for devices that rarely break or are lost/damaged -- they might be simply insuring against theft while you're using the damage coverage. It's worth noting also that he's not talking about "driving in hilly terrain", the original comment is talking about driving almost exclusively uphill. Going to Tahoe you'd go from somewhere around 0ft to around 8500ft depending on the pass, and then down only to 6200ft. Of course, this will impact all cars, though I find only a few MPG difference in our vehicles driving up to the ski resorts around Tahoe. One curious thing I've noticed is that my relatively-high-Torque-and-HP car with a manual transmission gets almost the same mileage on flat ground versus going up and down mountain ranges, assuming there's no net elevation gain. My girlfriend's fairly underpowered Subaru with a 4 speed automatic does significantly worse in the hills than it does on flat ground. Also interestingly, the Tesla should get significantly better mileage in thinner air (on flat ground) where a gas-engined car has to deal with less air to burn which balances out the lower wind resistance. Would also be interesting to see how the elevation change would affect a tesla at net 0. Say, drive from Sacramento to Truckee and back; I think the range should be plenty. I read somewhere that Whitehorse has the highest number of bicycle commuters per capita. I rode my motorcycle through there a few years ago, and it was quite beautiful.. but I don't get why so many bike commuters. I guess compared to a big city it has no transit or less transit? But less spread out than a typical suburban area? The statistic would have surprised me in an area with mild weather year-round; nothing about the area seemed particularly well- (or ill- , for that matter) suited to bicycle commuting. A fairly compact downtown but plenty of rural housing. The cold winters just made the bicycle commuting stat mind-blowing. Any feedback about this statistic? Is it like a "yeah, but.." kind of thing? Or does the area really take pride in bicycling? Some kind of history I'm not aware of? To think that a resource will suddenly disappear with no replacement is to ignore the entirety of history. Fossil fuels will not simply run out, and we are already transitioning to alternatives. That transition will speed up as costs increase. The market works. What the market is NOT doing is pricing in the impact of CO2. Which is why the CO2 emissions are the bigger problem. This is a huge surprise to me. When I went back to college, I graduated in 2006 and IS/CS/CE rates were at all-time lows. I guess it's been awhile now, but the numbers probably rebounded so recently that the only glut of talent (if there is one) is in very recent grads. We do not have major unemployment in the Valley. It's very very very hard to find good people. Possibly. I think this is why they switched from the angled magsafe to the straight-on magsafe2. My Air took a flying leap off the kitchen table because the combination of angled magsafe and light weight meant it wouldn't disconnect. Fortunately, the thing was closed, landed on the lid, bounced off the hardwood floor, did a flip, and was no worse for the wear. If it had been onto concrete or tile, or the lid had been open, it probably would have turned out worse. My 2012 MBP retina has this infernal magsafe2 connector that disconnects every time I try to use it on my lap, but at least it'll disconnect if you trip on the cord. Or if you try to use one of the 5 magsafe1->magsafe2 adapters I've bought that consistently fail after a few months. It's still something you have, even if it's glued into your USB port. Another post covered the battery thing. $130 battery replacement on Air and $199 replacement on MBP, in Apple store, while you wait. Granted, who knows how long they'll provide that service.. for a 3 year old laptop? 5? 7? I've got a 2012 Retina MBP and 2011 Air and battery life is not something I even think about. These things last ages these days. I should have stopped reading there. Instead I just laughed to myself and continued on. Reading turned to skimming turned to skipping a paragraph or two later when it was filled with the absolute worst marketing/PR buzzword bingo straight out of .. not even Business 101, but some hack shilling a "how to make your business succeed" book. Please stop. They've been saying that for decades, always using the latest industry as an excuse (Boeing, Microsoft, Amazon). Incidentally, now that I (and many friends and my parents) have moved from WA to CA, I've noticed everyone in CA complains about all of the outsiders moving here and driving up prices. It's tired and trite. PS: When do I get my kudos for moving the eff out of WA? Define "reliable". California DOES have a reliable source of water. There's a reason the crops are grown here in the first place! The problem is, it's not a reliable source of water for the demands being placed on it. Which is something you'll find, oh, anywhere you start trying to move this agriculture project. It'll work great, and there will be enough for everyone, right up until there isn't. There's a lot more "catching up" to do in a highly rent-controlled market (assuming you're not subject to rent control). For the same reasons "market rate" is artificially high (as pointed out by the linked article), the "market rate" goes up by a very large percentage each year. If all units were market rate, the market rate would not be increasing by nearly as much. How do you think prop13 props up prices? It's an incentive for people to stay in a house, which reduces churn, but it's arguably a disincentive for a renter to buy, because of the outlandish tax rates they'd need to pay (which offset the low taxes of long-term owners). I don't understand your logic. You're almost priced out of Berkeley (if it weren't for your rent control), but you don't understand where the imperative comes from? Well, you will, once they find a way to evict you. Used car dealerships run scams, too. I've bought a lot of cars, though, and never from a dealer. Some folks act as if they're OBLIGATED to buy a new car every couple of years, and obligated to put up with these people. 1. What? Why the airport? Why drive that particular route? What is it about being in Amsterdam proper that makes the car worse than it was at the airport or on the motorway? What does this have to do with Apple? What's the comparison being made? 2. Ok? Why? 3. I am, in fact, 182cm, and was just in a Model S yesterday. I had tons of headroom. I've driven them with a helmet on and had no issue. Though I will note, on the ride home yesterday, I sat in the back seat. When I rested my head on the headrest (which I almost never do in a car), I noticed my head brushed the sloping roofline, which is a common problem in sloped roof designs like the CLS and Panamera and A7. In fact, because I have a long torso, I find that my head often scrapes the roof in the driver's seat of (taller) friend's cars, until I adjust the seat downwards. Of course they are. When I was buying a house, it was a nonstop game of scanning and shuffling financial data everywhere. Office scanner, office email, office computer, cloud storage provider, personal email... and because of cloud storage provider, all other linked machines in my house, .. not to mention the email accounts of the bankers... You can try to get away from it, if you like. But then you're just wasting your time, faxing the same amount of data over immensely slow connections to your bank, who's just going to digitize it anyway and put it god knows where.... And anyone who has done this knows it's ALL time sensitive, and you have other responsibilities in life, so the most convenient/fastest method is the only real way of getting it done. I have desk toys specifically to help me avoid this. If, like the author, I could return to my task on time, I'd do so. Unfortunately, I just get distracted. So instead of switching desktops while a ~60 second task runs, I find I'm more efficient if I simply sit there and let it run while I play with a little desk toy or something. Sure, it feels like wasted time, but I'm actually more efficient when I don't lose track of what I'm doing and then find it at 6pm when I'm about to leave for the day.. "oh, right, THAT'S what I was planning on doing today!" I'm only very slightly older than this article; my first computer was an XT, so I missed the early hobbyist days of the many competing platforms; I was well into the clone era. One thing really jumped out at me: "Of the ones I've seen, a green-tinted monitor by NEC (model JB 1201M) seemed the best bargain, at $210; but patriots should take note that NEC stands for Nippon Electric Company." We like to marvel at how fast technology moves. But cultural attitudes can change just as fast. Don't forget IRQ conflicts and the early days of Plug 'N Pray which somehow managed to make things even WORSE. It's worth clarifying, because every time this comes up, some California-basher says "hurr durr why are these morons trying to farm in the desert" while ignoring the fact that, pre-irrigation, natural runoff from the mountains made many areas in central California swamps/wetlands. It's incredibly fertile land with an absolutely massive water source (in "normal" years). It's the diversion of water that's caused the issues, which have been exacerbated by the drought. Yes and no. Direct TPMS sensors that use RFID transmit a serial number but probably not the VIN. Many cars use indirect TPMS which uses the ABS sensors to measure rotational difference between wheels, thus indicating a low-pressure situation. No RFID is used. That actually sounds like a fantastic way and reason to experience the world. It's far better than most systems people use to pick travel spots: speak the language, major capital city I've heard of, etc etc. I had no idea about the elevation changes on the AT: Appalachian Trail Distance: 2,175 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~515,000 feet Pacific Crest Trail Distance: 2,650 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~315,000 feet Continental Divide Trail Distance: 3,100 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~400,000 feet http://equipped.outdoors.org/2013/10/total-elevation-gainlos... You might find the Forester Pass in the Sierra Nevada (13,153ft) difficult to deal with in the snow. In fact, the many 10k+ft sections of the PCT in California are likely the reason not to start EARLIER than April. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forester_Pass I went on a backpacking trip where I took my phone but didn't look at it. Isn't this the same thing? It seemed prudent to have the possibility to find cell service and get an exact GPS location, even though I likely only had coverage in a couple of spots over the course of a week. Yep. Just on principle, I'd have a hard time living somewhere that was insufferable without A/C. It's a clear sign you're doing something wrong. Of course, you could make a similar argument about needing artificial heat, but that's at least far more efficient! Yes, but being unwilling to spend 1 day adjusting to a different look is a pretty silly reason to continue to run a bunch of spaceheaters in your house that, as a byproduct, happen to produce some light. Particularly if you ever use air conditioning. Yup. Being in tune with the vehicle is the most fantastic part of driving. The skill and coordination required, the tactile pleasure of the controls and the gearchange. The automatic kills much of the enjoyment of it. And yes, I've been driving for about 20 years, and yes, I've commuted in some of the worst traffic in America. Also, changing gears myself does not preclude me from listening to audiobooks, as some commenter mentioned. I'm already sitting there operating the controls on the car. Having one more lever and one more pedal does not exactly tax me mentally, or preclude my other senses, not constitute any real effort aside from perhaps an extra calorie or three burned. First of all, there was an article about Hanx Writer just the other day. Yes, there ARE people who miss typewriters. Secondly, the word processor does countless things the typewriter cannot do, and does so with an order of magnitude more speed. The automatic transmission does nothing a manual transmission cannot do (from the end user perspective), other than being ever so slightly less effort, and perhaps a few milliseconds faster in gearchange, which does not matter unless perhaps you are being paid for how fast you can get to the grocery store. Freed of the tyranny of having to use your left foot for a clutch, what is it that you accomplish while driving an automatic that you could not before? Well, for one, water prices are not really set by a free market. Residential water providers are monopolies regulated by the local governments. They're not allowed to jack up their rates as it would hurt the poor. In San Juan Capistrano, the plaintiffs recently won a suit against tiered pricing on the argument that the water cannot be sold at a cost greater than the cost of providing it. Agricultural interests with senior water rights have a legal right to a much greater amount of water at much lower cost. Those with riparian rights (upstream) have the right to take as much water as they can use. There are hundreds of reasons why it's not as simple as "turn this knob to raise price". I'd be interested in this, too. I love OS X as a desktop, but always find it fascinating when such a polished "prosumer" solution that generates so much profit turns out to be also the best bang-for-the-buck in a large deployment such as this -- despite the costs of designing your own rack solution! Also the DL980 G7 is an unholy piece of crap. HP doesn't know how to build or fix them. I've gone through countless service requests on just a dozen machines or thereabouts. It's the worst piece of any kind of hardware I've ever used, hands down. Especially when it refreshes to "too many database connections" mid-read. Great work, citypaper. What's the idealized world you're comparing this to? An agrarian economy? Guess what, you either farm and build a shelter, or you go hungry and homeless. Sure, maybe an agrarian economy is too market-based for you. Try living on a commune and being the guy who specializes in "doing fuckall". I'm not sure how long you'll be welcome. I'm not quite sure what point you're trying to make, but life isn't free or fair, and it never has been and never will be. That's not a reason to not even try to make things better, but the tone of the "regurgitated bullshit" comment implies that it's being used to fight against some other, better system. The list is amazingly odd. I get that a BMW 3 series is acceptable but an M3 is not -- perhaps they don't want customers being given rides by those who fancy themselves "performance drivers". But the Subaru Impreza WRX but not the Subaru WRX? They're the same car! Impreza not acceptable, but WRX is? That turns the "performance vehicle" thing on it's head. Many small luxury vehicles (Audi A3, etc) are not acceptable. Okay, fine. But the Prius is! But the Lexus Ct200h (which is a Prius with a fancier badge) is not acceptable. The BMW 3 series is acceptable, as is the 4 series coupe, but the 4 series Gran Coupe (a Sedan version of the 4 series coupe, which is a coupe version of the 3 series sedan.. yeah, don't ask) is NOT acceptable? 1.56MW to run the projectors; 1,560,000W "Presently, Hoover Dam can produce over 2,000 megawatts of capacity and a yearly average generation of 4.5 billion kilowatt hours" 2,000,000,000W capacity, but if the annual production is 4,500,000,000,000W then it's far short of the 17,520,000,000,000W max if it produced at peak for 365 days. So really, the Hoover Dam averages 513,698,630W (arbitrary precision). 1,560,000W / 513,698,630W = 0.3% of the Hoover Dam typical production to power the projectors. Well, that answers that question. http://www.powerauthority.org/hoover-dam/ And in California, which is often considered the strictest state ever invented by man, we have stringent emissions tests but no safety inspection at all! It really confuses all of the California-bashers when you tell them that. OTOH, Google is way too big to be able to trust all of their users. And this just happens to be excellent advertising for them. I'm not so sure as to say it'd blind-FRIENDLY, but probably more so than much of the world. I have a couple of blind friends who have been using computers since the BBS days. Things have only improved by leaps and bounds in the past 20+ years. And this is probably the worst one they've done. The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek was far, far better. Probably because some people are in favor of subsidizing certain businesses and others are in favor of subsidizing others, while some are not in favor of subsidizing any. I missed the part of the Parent's argument where he advocated for public roads. The French buy groceries and alcohol from Germany as well. I saw a great short film called Delta Dawn at the Banff Mountain Film Festival. Unfortunately, all I can find is a short clip. Even the filmmaker's website doesn't seem to have it (or the page won't load properly). The article author's comment about driving the Colorado reminded me of the filmmaker riding a paddleboard all the way to Mexico on the river. https://vimeo.com/112762616 Are you familiar with Moka Pots? According to Wikipedia, they are sold in 1,3,6,9,12 shot sizes -- but I think the 3 is the most common. I rarely see large Mokas. You're not really throwing much out. Well, you need to pay the massive student loan bills somehow, and you've been studying something you are interested in and enjoy. What's the alternative? Flipping burgers for the same pay? Or do you imagine there are tons of industry jobs out there for folks without experience.. who will probably be considered overeducated but underqualified? You can try . Though sneakernetting your malicious payload into the cockpit while in-flight is not recommended. “It’s almost a bigger risk to stay in school and let people like me drop out and start things before you have a chance,” he says. That says it all, for me. It's an incredibly shortsighted view that there are real opportunity costs to time spend in college, as if you'll only have one good idea in your lifetime. It's kind of a lottery ticket mindset. College is absolutely a luxury good, and you can get by without it. But it's a great experience for most people, and education is worthwhile for it's own non-vocational merits. I had a job in tech for a few years out of high school before I went to college. Either path is fine. I'm glad I went to college, even though it didn't directly prepare me for my career. "In the video game industry, AAA (pronounced "triple A") is a classification term used for games with the highest development budgets and levels of promotion.[1][2][3][4] A title considered to be AAA is therefore expected to be a high quality game and to be among the year's bestsellers." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAA_(video_game_industry) Apologies for the late reply. I was a Linux support guy at 18, moved into sysadmin roles for a couple years, then quit my job to go to college. I was supported by my parents so I did not work my way through college the way you likely envision. I did, however, work part-time as a sysadmin all 4 years (20 hours a week), but it only funded some living expenses, not my education. Also not what you're looking for, but, while I was still young at 21, I thought I'd have a huge leg up on all of them 18 year old youngins. Turns out we all liked pretty much the same music and the cool kids were still cooler than me, and the guys good with the ladies were still better at it than me! I majored in information systems and am still doing the same work today, 10 years later, but I love it and wouldn't change a thing. I wasn't ready for college at 18, and I got a lot more out of it and was more sure of myself at 21 when I enrolled. I rarely think of college as improving my career, but of course my degree from a relatively prestigious 2nd-tier private school doesn't hurt my resume. I pursued a professional services track upon graduation and it took me about 1 week to say "fuck this", and 2 months to quit and go back to sysadmin/ops work. If I had no previous work background I wouldn't have known that my new role wasn't right for me -- at least, not so quickly. 5. NetworkManager Is it a moral imperative in your opinion? Is it based on what other countries do? (hint: no) IMO, it is non-obvious that they are obligated to do so. Or you could have read the article. I've been putting off learning it for years and years and years. Finally decided if I'm going to keep doing this as a career I'd better figure out how to use the new tools. Have a new Cent7 install on a laptop at home. I spent over an hour trying to get the wifi to simply connect to the network. Much of this was me trying to learn how to use the networkmanager syntax which is neigh-on-impossible to decipher. The help is useless, and apparently the syntax made a huge change from 0.9 to 1.0, and not knowing either means that 90% of the hits I found on Google were utterly and completely wrong and used deprecated flags. I finally broke down and tried to use nmtui to solve my nmcli woes, but it only made things worse. The installer was nice enough to create an ifcfg- , but when I try to ifup that interface, the system complains there is no DEVICE for it. So I added a DEVICE= line corresponding to my wireless adapter (which nmcli sees), but then the system complains that my wireless device (WHICH NMCLI SEES!) does not exist . I believe I have traced the problem to a bug report I found on RedHat's bug tracker -- I needed NetworkManager-Wireless installed in order for it to use my wireless adapter. Why lspci sees my adapter, the OS names it, the firmware is installed and up to date, and nmcli even sees the adapter as a wifi adapter, but then can't use it, is beyond me. nmcli wireless scans constantly failed (which is what led me to the bug report).. the bug report says it's fixed and provides better guidance that you need NetworkManager-Wireless installed as of but that's probably wrong, since I have the latest Cent7.1 (unless the bug report is REALLY recent). Regardless, after adding the EPEL repo and installing the wireless-utils package which provides the iwlist, I was able to scan for wireless networks. NetworkManager still was unable to scan, so I did a network restart hoping I could solve the issue without rebooting the whole box. Sadly, I lost my wired connection to the system at that point, so I'll have to wait until I get home to play with it some more. Oh, and by the way -- even though my wired i/f is set to "ONBOOT=true", it did not, in fact, come up on boot because the cable was disconnected. After I connected the cable it took me 5+ mins to realize I had to restart the network service to get the connection to function, which is not the way it works pre-NetworkManager. Suffice it to say, the software is massively, massively, massively, massively sub-par, and far less user-friendly than the good 'ol "editing text files" way. I suspect I am soon to have many more similar headaches as I delve into the world of systemd head first (another thing I've been avoiding). Fortunately, we get to do really exciting things now that NetworkManager has taken over. I can CD to things, and set properties and methods, and all kinds of shit that makes me feel like I'm using Fujitsu's deplorable ALOM: nmcli> goto ipv4 nmcli ipv4> describe Available properties: method, dns, dns-search, addresses, routes, ignore-auto-routes, ignore-auto-dns, dhcp-client-id, dhcp-send-hostname, dhcp-hostname, never-default, may-fail Property name? method nmcli ipv4> set method auto nmcli> back see how fun and intuitive it is? Again, all of your wild assumptions are covered in the article. If they're only getting one payout, and they're already barely scraping by, they're hardly about to stop working. It helps them get a leg up. As the article mentioned, some folks would prefer to receive the money in a few payments so that they're less likely to have family members come begging, but some prefer it all at once so they can allocate it to a big project. Spotify has done a far, far better of integration with devices like Home Theater receivers than Apple has. Airplay works on my receiver, but Spotify is awesome. Fire up a playlist on the laptop, close it, switch to my phone, it can now control the playlist I started on the phone which is now running on the receiver. The receiver itself plays the music directly rather than being streamed from the device I started playing on. Nifty. Sure, but considering we have something like 29x as many fatal shootings per capita in the US versus the UK, arguably, the police here show relative restraint -- not in the sense that the police shootings are a direct response to civilian shootings, but rather that police shootings are a comparatively small percentage over the overall shootings. I'm not trying to say any of this is good, but my point is that it's incorrect to believe that it's "relatively common for the police to shoot a fleeing suspect". What? He sure has an awful lot of his self-worth wrapped up in whether he gets a job offer from one specific company. It reminds me of being interested in a particular girl in high school. At a certain point, you learn that there are other jobs out there, and maybe the one with the biggest name isn't the best one. I certainly wouldn't be the least bit offended. Not when the market is flush with high-paying-jobs-a-plenty, particularly for someone with his background. What's insane about the requirements? They actually have to pay for what they promised? So now the employer is obligated to come to the employees? There's a reason employers tend to be in populated areas with a larger pool of potential employees. You can setup an office in Cheyenne, Wyomong, but if there are only 2 potential people to employ there, it's not particularly efficient. People have moved for work since.. forever. How does our current (theoretically) progressive tax system factor in cost-of-living? Are they moving towards bandwidth caps? Comcast in the SF Bay Area has claimed a "suspended" 250GB cap for years and years. I get the impression that we're moving away from bandwidth caps. NHL has a $150/yr subscription where you can watch any of your team's games... as long as they're playing out-of-market! It makes you wonder what the point of it all is. I'm a cord cutter since 2011... EXCEPT! Except I am currently a cable TV subscriber. I have to call Comcast every 6-12 months when my "deal" expires. I used to have 150mbit service, but in the dark days of the Comcast vs Netflix battles, I could only stream at 240x120. So I said "screw it" and switched to 25mbit service for far less money -- my Netflix streams got better, too! Then once that deal was up, they offered to double my speed to 50mbit and drop my price by $5/month.. if I was willing to become a cable TV subscriber again. Turns out the "limited basic" is really just lifeline these days, but they did throw in HBO for the first time in my life. I returned the cable box to them on day 1; all of my TV programming comes OTA from a Mohu Sky to my HDHomeRun and goes through my WMC7 DVR. I occasionally watch HBO Go on my AppleTV which is the only use I get out of my cable TV subscription. But according to Comcast's numbers, I am a cable TV subscriber -- or at least will be, for the next 6 months. I'm actually willing to pay a bit extra per month to NOT be listed as a subscriber, but unfortunately very few internet-only deals seem to exist in ComcastLand. Incidentally, they also bumped me to 100mbit from 50, and recently from 100 to 150. 150mbit for $60/mo is nothing to shake a stick at I suppose. I just wish they couldn't count me as one of their subscribers. They're gaming their subscriber numbers the same way the NYTimes is when they basically make you throw away the dead tree edition to get a cheaper digital subscription. It's also amazing how many (presumably unpaid) cheerleaders the entrenched, corrupt, consumer-harming incumbents have to flood the comments of every discussion about Uber. Maybe some Uber supporters take "don't let perfect be the enemy of good" to heart. Uber does a lot wrong, and there are a lot of reasons to dislike them, but there are also reasons to cheer their success -- if not some of their methods. Literally medallions and literally the mafia? Not as far as I know. But most cities restrict supply of taxis to keep prices high and fix prices as the behest of the taxi industry -- in addition to all of the other fun things the taxi lobby does. When Seattle built the Link light rail system, it stopped 1 mile shy of the airport because the taxi drivers didn't want the competition. Fortunately public outcry shut that down, but it's pretty rare that the general public gets upset enough about an issue to overcome the power of a specific interest group (yes, this includes Uber as well!) There's plenty of literature to explain why price fixing and limiting supply/licensure is bad. There's no competition, no incentive to improve or provide a premium service. There's no reason to provide service in far-out areas where it might be hard to find a return fare. There's no reason to provide service in less "desirable" (read: minority) areas. Of course, there are problems with the Uber model, too: Surge pricing being one of them. Some people think it's gouging, some think it's the right solution to provide supply for excess demand. Yep. Just because you CAN early exercise does not mean you can afford to do so. I was fortunate because I was able to early exercise shortly after grant but when I knew the company was going public. Had to borrow some money to do so, but the couple hundred I probably paid in interest was more than made up for in the tens of thousands I saved in income taxes. It takes the right scenario, to be sure. At the time I had no mortgage interest deduction so I could afford a double-digit paper AMT gain; I was still only subject to normal income taxes. In theory when you leave the company, if it has not gone public, you get paid back the money you put in. In practice, if it goes out of business, you just lost all of the money you put in. I didn't quite follow your scenario, but of course you'd be paying 9.3 CA and 28 Fed on your salary as well. And you wouldn't be paying FICA on capital gains. No, TFA outlined the reasons that options may not become liquid even if the company is successful. I'm fine with describing Uber that way too. I didn't go out of my way to do so, because I was replying in-kind to someone who was asking why people defend Uber; I was merely pointing out the same could be said of the Taxi industry. My insurance allows any authorized driver to drive my car and be covered. I called them up before my girlfriend's cousin's boyfriend visited from England and asked if he was covered (despite not being a citizen or resident of the US, not possessing a US driver's license, related to me (or her!) in any way, etc, etc. They said "no problem". (and yes, I realize I should probably not rely on phone support staff for legal advice) America will be about the last place to attempt this, if the past (and our current welfare) are any guide. It's an interesting concept. My immediate reaction is that it creates disincentives to work. In theory it does, but the only data we have is those who are currently on welfare and do not work -- but maybe those people were basically not going to work anyway! We have no competing group of people who are on welfare yet still CHOOSE to work to better their lives, because as soon as someone gets a job, no more benefits! So it's natural that an outsize chunk of people on public assistance don't work -- and the ones who stay on the longest, of course, don't WANT to work. But it undercounts those who go on the system then back out of it as they get work. Other things that seem "obvious" to result: inflation. If everyone can afford $x for housing, why should housing costs not go up by a similar amount? The same way 2 incomes is now "normal", and the same way giving tax deductions on mortgage interest to make housing "more affordable" means, now that everyone can afford more housing, housing is bid up. I don't know, but it's a fascinating experiment, anyone who is not paying for it should be in favor of this experiment -- unless you just hate poor people. Thanks. I need to read this when I have the time -- my initial reaction (from skimming) is that it keeps insisting that increasing money supply does not cause inflation because of the Fed pumping money into the economy, and giving it to investors who are not spending it. Giving it to the poor, who have a higher marginal utility for their dollars, should cause more inflation than giving it to the rich. Again, from skimming, they seem to mention the idea of it being more useful for the poor, but dance around actually addressing it directly. I don't see the problem with this reading. 1. It's POSSIBLE to be unhappy about this, IF it is your money being used, and you have certain criticisms. but 2. If it's not your money, I can't see how anyone could possibly have an issue with the experiment. Which part do you disagree with? I'm not saying that anyone whose money is involved here HAS to be upset about it. I'm just saying, if they have skin in the game, they at least may have REASON to quibble. And if they don't, I don't see what complaint a person could possibly have with research (that, incidentally, benefits people). Yup, I'm well aware of how the disability system is being used. But we all know increasing social services has been pretty much a toxic idea since at least the early 90s. Yeah, the APF was mentioned in the Medium article, and I'm familiar with it as I have family both who live in Alaska, and who have worked in the oil industry. Also, I've been to deadhorse myself, but I'm not sure that qualifies me for anything other than glancing at the pipeline now and again for hours and hours and hours on the Dalton. After re-reading your parent's statement a few times, I think (s)he thought I was saying you must dislike it if you're paying for it, but if you're not paying for it, you can't dislike it. I merely was saying I can't see a valid criticism for those of us who aren't paying for it. There may be some valid criticisms of the idea, but I'd rather see how this goes. I can't think of a single (valid) reason to oppose basic research on solving poverty, when that research has no negative impact on the person who might be opposing it. Can you? The only one I can think of is "I want to ensure poor people are kept poor." Typically local taxes only affect those who have a physical presence in that jurisdiction. It seems easier for a store in Chicago to nudge the tax collection from, say, "5% for state, 2.1% for city" to "5% for state, 2.2% for city" Now, of course, if the COUNTY decides to implement a new tax, that's a whole new set of paperwork that has to be done. But it still only affects the businesses in that locale. To tax EVERY company that does any kind of business with any customer located in the city means that now tens of thousands (?) of companies have to price this tax in. Where do we end up when every streaming company has to separately track and pay taxes in hundreds of thousands of municipalities, counties, states across the country? I first heard this proposed in Oregon (implement GPS receivers so you can pay per-mile taxes (and be tracked!) so that we don't have to raise gas taxes!) It has also come up in CA and (I believe) at the federal level, to offset increased efficiency gains. It's absolutely maddening that politicians consider it to be EASIER to implement a whole new, complex, rube-goldberg-esque tax, rather than just nudge the rate on something that's already well-understood and implemented. Uber doesn't own the capital, the article is correct. But that doesn't mean it could just as easily be a cooperative of freelance drivers. What Uber brings to the table is the funding to change (seemingly by any needs necessary) the regulation that made the taxi industry so crap in the first place. For better or for worse. Is the exploitative structure of the taxi industry a result of regulation? Seems reasonably likely. They're absolutely right that there's nothing "sharing economy" about Uber in particular. Nobody really believes that they're hitching a ride with a friendly person, just because that driver was "headed in that direction anyway". AirBNB is more plausibly sharing (if, as the article points out, you think "sharing" means "getting paid for something"). In theory reducing underutilized housing units is a great thing. Of course, it also drives up the value of that very housing (capital), which can exacerbate the rich/poor divide. Piketty would have a thing or two to say about this. The way I heard it described to me was that it was considered very bad to hoard your wealth by, say, cooking or cleaning for yourself, rather than providing jobs for the less fortunate. Granted, that's a pretty rosy way of viewing the arrangement, but, as usual, some income is better than none. I wouldn't call an organization with a monopoly on force a co-op, at least, not in the traditional sense. Stay on the throttle. Odd that, on the graph in the link, one of the spikes in deaths seems to come immediately after an increase in consumption, but the next, bigger spike in deaths from ALD comes BEFORE a similarly large increase in consumption. I'm suspicious, mostly because it goes against the conventional wisdom that alcohol consumption increased during prohibition. Hardly unbiased sources, but.... http://www.druglibrary.org/prohibitionresults1.htm http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/History/e1920/chicagodea... If you DID go up into a tall building, what's your plan? Jump into the water just as the building's collapsing? For passenger capacity, note that most car owners utilize 1/4 or 1/5 of their available seats. Yet while all 3 of my vehicles (2 cars and a motorcycle) are 2-seaters, virtually all of my driving is solo (and I'm not even talking about commuting -- I'm primarily a bicycle commuter. Okay, my other 3 vehicles have 1 seat and 2 pedals). The "average" or typical use case is not how people choose their vehicle. They choose it based on the uncommon use case. The executive buys himself a Porsche not because it will get him anywhere any faster, or because she really knows how to drive it, but because it projects an image of what she could do. The SUV is sold on the promise of rugged camping trips and dodging boulders to transport the children safely back home under conditions that can best be described as "apocalypse". Hell, I have many car enthusiast friends who have bought practical, boring cars because they've got that 3rd row seating for hauling their kids' friends.... before they even have kids! For 99% of use cases, yes, the electric car is cheaper and more convenient. But my next car will be a comfortable, powerful, gas-powered car with AWD. Why? Because today's weight (and efficiency) penalty for AWD is basically zero, and on the one trip to Tahoe a year where chain control is in effect, I won't have to freeze my digits off trying to fit chains (or, worse, get taken out by a vehicle careening out of control in the snow).. and I won't have to hunt down nonexistent charging infrastructure where I don't have a driveway, let alone a garage. It will be for the 2 roadtrips I take a year. It will be because, while the electric car is better for MOST of my driving, it doesn't accommodate the rare circumstances we really buy vehicles for -- Because the electric car isn't enough better at the 99% of use cases to make up for its virtual uselessness at the 1%. I love electric cars. I've driven the i3, various hybrids, and the Tesla Roadster and Model S. Some day I will own an electric car, but I wouldn't surprise if the tipping point takes quite a bit longer to trigger than he expects. Well, now we know what happened to all of the previously-good Google products. I hate to complain about free products, but will make an exception for Google, which constantly removes features and usability as if a PM's bonus depends on it. Give me back my color-coded GMail threads, ability to edit the subject without multiple clicks, and view features not hidden by submenus. And that's just GMail, and that's just off the top of my head. Falling solar costs. Next year's deal will be even better than this year's deal. And so on. You realize that ever-thicker doors and ever-smaller windows are all about crash test performance, right? The 911 is suffering from the exact same problem as the year go on. I've never thought of the 911 as having particularly good visibility anyway, but I guess the low hood and upright windshield helps. It's a premium Leaf. It's hard for people to understand premium electric car, when electric = economy in many people's minds. The first time I drove an i3, I immediately got it -- "oh, it's a BMW. It's actually a nice place to be". The driving dynamics were great, and the design astoundingly useful and space-efficient. You really have to play with it in person to appreciate how much space there is and yet how compact the body is. People will pay extra for luxury cars that don't DO anything functionally different from a run-of-the-mill sedan. Why not pay more for electrics that don't do anything different from run-of-the-mill electrics? IMO, hangouts is infuriatingly bad. It's way too keystroke-intensive to sign in and sign out of accounts in the iOS app; the Chrome app (plugin?) thing is terrible and the functionality seems to change every other week. I can't count on them not breaking notifications (such as those for when I receive a message while signed out) in new and exciting ways at random times, and... well, it's just terrible in all kinds of ways. I'm a 5 minute bike ride away from Facebook. Gotta choose your suburbs wisely! Discipline/focus is probably something holding most of us back. Apparently the Black Hat audience is very conservative and pro-government. And likes Keith Alexander. I guess the author has been attending a different conference than me. Nobody knows. Microsoft's own release makes no sense. You (and your employer, combined) cannot contribute more than $18,000 tax-free per year. It's either 100% match of $9,000 on your $9,000 to make $18,000, or it's 50% match of your $12,000 to make $18,000. It can't be both things that the press release says it is. My best guess is that they meant to say they now match 100%, but we won't know for sure until they correct the press release. It's worth what it's worth. Salaries are high enough that it's not hard to contribute the max. I'd LOVE to have a 401k match, because I'm already maxed out. 100% match would be $9,000 per year straight into my pocket. (Well, minus taxes, I suppose, since that particular $9,000 would now be taxed). That's not allowable under law. The max is $18k (unless you're subject to the catch-up provisions over age 50 or 55 or whatever it is). On the Internet, nobody knows that your dog doesn't drink coffee. ... which is interesting, because while it demonstrates that cabs are perhaps not as damaged by Uber's business model as they claim they are, it plays into DeBlasio's arguments that Uber increases congestion. Intuitively, I'd say Ubers spend less time driving around looking for a fare, and a more intelligent dispatching/routing model would decrease fareless miles driven. That said, if it causes a shift from subways, it would increase congestion. I don't think this is a reason for the government to attack Uber. If traffic is a problem congestion charge type systems would be more effective, as it would 'penalize' all players equally; Uber, Taxis, and private vehicles. Of course, there are plenty of reasons for them to attack Uber already; the contractor model, the beg-for-forgiveness model, etc. Maybe. They could have been first to market with a digital camera. But if they kept prices high enough that digital photography profits were as high or higher than the film business they cannibalized from, they would have had their lunch eaten when the patent expired anyway. The profits simply weren't there with digital to sustain the size of a company that film did. They could have used dominance in digital camera sales to invent and patent ways of using digital photographs, too. But at the end of the day, big companies have an extremely hard time adapting to new paradigms, and likely Kodak would have had to shrink anyway. I guess I just don't "get" twitter, but despite the character limit, I still feel like a high-res screenful of tweets still contains almost no content. The webpage limits tweets to a very narrow column in the middle of the browser window, and there's a ton of fluff at the top and bottom of every tweet. I've never been successful at curating my twitter feed; I follow way fewer people than I'd like to, and still see way too much junk. Facebook is getting worse about "junk" too, but somehow I see far more content per pixel on Facebook than I do on Twitter. I'd like to think limiting content to 140 characters would make twitter more information-dense, but it doesn't feel that way in my anecdote. Yup! People complain that the bay area cost of living is high, but for me it's a quality of life issue. I'm able to bike to work 30 minutes each way. Sure it takes longer than driving (which I do on occasion), but it's a good workout. I can do it year-round, and it's not so warm or humid here that I show up at work dripping with sweat. Put the bike away, toss a hoodie over my t-shirt once I've cooled off a bit, and I'm set. Odd. Just last year I was renting a 2/1 house in Belmont for $2k, until we bought a house. My buddy's renting a 2/1 in San Mateo for $3k. How close is "close"? I'd expect 1bd apartments to be cheaper than entire houses. $190k, I assume. Salaries are higher here for one. Say $190k vs 4x as much, $760k. Assuming magic 10% down appears in your pocket, 0% property tax, ignore the differences in state/local taxes, and assume a spherical chicken in a vacuum.... $3200/mo vs $800/mo. 4 times as much! Wow! That's a lot of money. Right? Except.. it's "only" $29k/yr. Most cost-of-living expenses don't scale with income. Now, of course, your salary has to be more than that to cover taxes, but say 20% overall tax rate, you really only need $36k more per year, which you might see straight up on a single salary, based on cost-of-living pay adjustment alone. If you're married, suddenly you only have to make $18k per person per year more. If you follow the "1/3 of your salary" rule, it would suggest that you need to make $86,400 per year more, which is why expensive housing sounds so expensive. One would hope that in a low cost-of-housing market, you're not spending 1/3 of your income on your housing, because then you really don't have a lot of money left over for retirement or food or entertainment. Similarly, in a higher cost-of-living market, you might fudge that a bit and pay more than 1/3 of your salary, which still leaves you more money for your 401k and transportation and entertainment, and all those things that really don't scale with cost of living much at all. You could also look at the high cost of living as a savings plan. As long as you retire before whatever particular housing cycle bubble bursts, you can still retire to Texas (or wherever) -- you can just do so with more money (equity, savings, retirement plan, etc). Also, some tax and expense treatment of housing is pretty regressive. You're probably not getting a mortgage interest/property tax income tax deduction on a cheap mortgage; on a more expensive one you are, so you're immediately paying a lower effective interest rate and property tax rate (if you want to look at it that way). You're not paying PMI for that sub-20% down payment because it's not federally backed. etc. This is not to say it's cheap, or easy, or affordable for everyone, or even smart. It's just saying how it's possible, and how it's probably not as bad as it sounds. Today it doesn't matter. As long as money remains cheap (and the Fed keeps insisting on it), it will fuel property prices in SF and other desirable places. If you buy a place in San Francisco in 2 years, THEN maybe you'll go negative for a bit. After the last bubble "burst", you think you could scoop up some cheap property in SF? Nope. Maybe prices dropped 10-15%, and now they're higher than they ever were. People are flocking to cities, which means the suburbs are the ones that get hammered when prices drop. You bring up a very good point about the rent "alternative" not leaving much space for savings; particularly these days. I was able to rent a 2bdr house in a very desirable location for $2k in 2011, but by 2014 when I bought a house, this was considered at least $1k under market value (even though they never raised the rent). And, of course, 3 years isn't really enough time to save for a down payment! If 1/3 is $4000, that leaves $8000 to pay taxes (call it 2400 on 12k/mo), which leaves $5600/mo to live off of. I could deal with that. No PMI on jumbo loans. They just require cash reserves. (which, yes, is more money on top of what you have to put down, but there's no requirement that you not spend it once you close). So take that $200k, put down 100, and keep the rest in the bank. From the chart, retransmission fees have gone from $0.2bn to $8.6bn (in 2018, so, a projection) Absolutely, retransmission fees are growing faster than anything else. But Basic Cable net fees have gone from 16.2 to 46.9bn. Fees paid to RSNs (sports?) have (will have?) gone from 2.7 to 7.8bn. $35.8bn change for "cable stuff" vs $8.4bn change for "local stuff". So, yeah, local broadcasters are rolling in it, but the dollar impact on your bill is from cable+sports programming. (albeit likely on a smaller per-channel basis). Huh, okay, good to know. Maybe on a per-bank basis. I assumed PMI was just fannie/freddie-mandated and nobody else cared. Let me guess, the documentation is in hex for no apparent reason. And sun exposure. It will raise your property value though. It's basically clickbait as written. Does that make me "lazy" for not clicking on every link that says "you won't believe what happens next!"? Fully-loaded employee cost of 100k is probably 60k in salary. maybe 70, tops. But point taken. - the domain, textfiles.org, is for sale. To purchase, call BuyDomains.com. - clicking the link and reading the article did not help, so I went to the comments for context. I got lucky on this one. I've never heard of textfiles, so I was going to question whether or not it's really "well-known", and I got a good laugh when I went to the site you recommended and found a domain for sale :) This surprised me too. Of course I'm not surprised to learn that the term was used before it was popularized for iOS devices, but I'm VERY surprised to see it thrown about so liberally in this article. I really don't remember the term back then. "... the site I just showed you will help Chrysler sell cars, because it distributes information to customers far better than Chrysler’s dealers can." almost 20 years later, and nothing has changed. I'm trying to buy a specific car, and the Internet knows everything, dealers know nothing. The salespeople and dealers know less about the cars on their lots than the consumers do. The consumers know about new models before they're even announced; dealers don't know about them until they show up. Dealers can't tell you when a certain car will be built or shipped, you're lucky if they can even tell you when it arrives at port and is on a train or truck destined for their dealership. I'm spending a lot of time online where "insiders" sneak information about production numbers and ship dates and tracking and so on, and the "official" channels are utterly worthless. It's amazing, disastrously bad. And we pay for it. I can't way to see the dealership model die. This was my thought too (as an iOS user). Thanks for clarifying. My next car will have Carplay so the voice control in Spotify will be a welcome addition. According to the leaked presentation, it could be next year. Or it could be in 2016. I'm actually shocked to see such a massive number of coders on HN (a skill that still somewhat eludes me) can't use the command line, which I consider a Step #0 type prerequisite. It just hadn't even occurred to me that this might be a possibility. I'm not even sure how folks get started in the hobby/skill without the CLI background. I'd be interested in hearing more about the skills progression of these folks, and how they got to the expertise they have today. Ditto. I assumed this happened to everyone; it happens to my gmail address constantly. Occasionally I get a message that's cc:d to sameusername@notmyuniversity.edu so I can at least inform the person that they've been using the wrong address. I actually was shocked to hear the above woman's voice on the radio one time, when she was interviewed by NPR as a faculty member at that same university! Mostly it's an annoyance, and pisses me off that more places don't use double-opt-in. I've had the GMail account since 2004 and I got no mis-addressed mail until at least 2008 or 2010, then only stray ones until about 2013 when all of a sudden there was an uptick and it seems like there must be at least 20 people who at least occasionally use my email address by mistake, at least on occasion. I've gotten Alitalia boarding passes, tax data, all kinds of things. I'm on a family mailing list. I got a reply to someone who sent an email (using my address) from behind the steering wheel of a top-down Miata. Imagine their shock when I sent back an identical picture from behind the wheel of my own identical car. Another good one was the kid who kept signing up for college information using my address. Then one day I got email from a college administrator saying the snail-mailed info packet was sent back to them as unaddressable, and asked him (me) for clarification as to his postal address. I politely pointed out that he also, unfortunately, provided an incorrect email address. I was thinking to myself "not everyone is college material", but others assured me I had done the right thing. Upvoted because every opportunity for me to vote against RedHat's insistence on the nightmare that is systemd is a good opportunity. Stop breaking Linux's usefulness as a server OS in a misguided attempt to make it a desktop OS. (see: systemd, networkmanager, etc) And the size of a drink. A packaged item? Or 8oz? Does the US call itself the "richest country in the world" more frequently than anyone else does? Which country do you reside in, incidentally? You'll also find people here claim the homeless "don't want help." It doesn't mean they're correct in their assessment. Speaking of a little cold, in some places being homeless is more feasible than others. LA is certainly one of those places. It also depends on your standards. I'm not saying we don't have a huge homeless problem -- we absolutely do. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, home to some of the most expensive housing in the world, and there are many homeless here (or at least in SF proper). It also depends on who you consider a person. When I was living in France, I once remarked that I was surprised that there were so many homeless people, and that it seemed like there were almost as many as my hometown. The reply was "oh, no, they're not homeless, they're Roma." cgrubb's comment puts the US-wide estimate at 0.18%, so actually pretty close. Because it does nothing that anyone in my organization has ever asked for, nor does it do anything that anyone in any organization I've ever worked for has asked for, in 20 years of working on Linux systems. I've never heard of any problems it solves other than things described in abstract terms that might make sense to a developer but that makes no sense to Operations/DevOps teams. Nobody likes learning something new for zero benefit. I keep trying, though. But the more I am forced to learn about it, the more arcane it gets. It's not a learning curve, as far as I can tell. It's a learning wall with no payoff. It makes everything we do more difficult, the commands make no sense, and it brings no tangible benefit. It's change for change's sake. It reminds me of DJB's insistence on making logs in hex "just because". Just a simple example. Why is it "systemctl list-unit-files"? What the hell are unit files? How is this in any way logical? Why is this an argument and not a flag? Why is it that I can use a systemctl command, and it tells me to use the -l flag to view non-ellipsized output, but then when I use the flag, it gives me an arcane error that tells me nothing about what happened? It's the tip of the iceberg in an endless string of junk that simply doesn't make any sense or work properly. So, I like to vote against it whenever I can, because supporters like to keep insisting that it's the way of the future, and implying anyone who hates it is a luddite. The term "hybrid" does not indicate that a gas engine powers the wheels directly. A series hybrid can have a gasoline or diesel motor that exists merely to charge the batteries, as in the i3 Range Extender version. The article specifically mentions the 3 series becoming a hybrid (not what type; the ActiveHybrid 3 and ActiveHybrid5 already exist for limited sale), but it also speculates: "The new range of cars could be driven by separate electric motors powering the front and rear wheels, with a small gasoline engine to generate electricity to extend the range of the batteries" So, basically, we don't know what their precise plans are, but the article does not indicate that the 3er will have a gas engine powering the wheels. And since at least the 2012 F30 3 series in the US, if not before then. ... but not in a way that limits its usefulness as a street car. As mentioned, refilling time is the bigger drawback as a street car. On the road, acceleration over 100mph is not really all that important. On the track, it's crucial. Tesla dumped the multi-speed gearbox because it was a hard problem to solve, for one, but I think that was inside of the parameters of it not being that important. If it needed a multi-speed gearbox to make it go over 60mph, they would have made it work. I, for one, neither wish ill will on people I don't know, nor do I wish a miserable workplace with uptight, excessively punitive policies on anyone. It could well be. I don't have the technical understanding or time to invest in order to make a technical criticism. But I've been fighting it for a year or two, and it hasn't started making more sense yet! Perhaps. My complaint is that systemd has not started making any more sense in the year(s) I've been wrestling with it. And it hasn't given me any benefit yet. To most of us, it's change for change's sake, which makes life worse due to the learning curve. If it made life easier for the average end user or the average sysadmin, it would have more defenders. As a man, what? I read the article a couple of days ago, but I don't recall anything here being particularly gender-specific. Kera Yonker. Brian Rea did the illustration. I will admit, though, I assumed it was a woman just from the male romantic interest, which is my bad. If it's an ATV2 you'll probably get more than you paid for it because it's jailbreak-able. I never bought the first gen ATV but when the new ones dropped for $99, I snapped one up as an impulse buy and then got another when the 1080p version came out, for the other TV. I'm impressed with my FireTV stick (1080p streaming over wifi to the tune of 10Mbps for 2.5h straight!!, but I use the AppleTV more. At $150, I'll probably buy the new one to see what it's all about. These streaming devices are pretty cool and pretty cheap. (I've also got a WDTV and my receiver does spotify+airplay audio; I haven't yet bought a Roku though). We notice the same thing in the US. The "Northeast" is mostly south of Portland Oregon (the big, important Portland, not the tiny one in Maine). East coast folk don't realize how far south their coast is. To say nothing of the fact that the southeast thinks it's "the south" which undoubtedly confuses all foreign visitors to Texas who are told "this isn't the South". What indication do you have that 37rentals is an American? Is it necessary that he be American for your bias to work correctly? Your seem to revel in false nostalgia and projecting on folks who choose to travel for leisure. When I travel, I see and experience so much that it is difficult to distill into a 2 minute soundbite for some coworker I do not know particularly well just to make smalltalk. That does not mean that I didn't have a fantastic experience, and I certainly don't wish for you to take it as a data point that things were better in the good old days. It seems choosing a home in the flight path of a major international air hub was not the best move for someone with such critical views of humanity. That's not to say I disagree with you; I, too, have negative feelings about these kinds of wasteful competitions. But I think you're going way overboard. With a 7.5h flight time from JFK to LHR, plus a 5 hour time difference, that's a 12.5h of effective travel time. So, you already DO take off at, say, 19:30 from JFK and land at 08:00 in Heathrow. From SFO this is a 19.5h journey when you factor in the time difference, which means to "wake up" at 08:00 at LHR, you leave at 12:30 from SFO. In both cases, making the journey longer isn't going to make it particularly more pleasant, even if the dirigible was more comfortable. And anyway, how fast do you envision this craft flying? A 200mph dirigible sounds like a feat, and it still would take AGES (with time difference, basically 24h from JFK to LHR). (yes, I'm aware we don't typically factor time change into these travel time calculations, but I'm doing it for the sake of "go to sleep in X and arrive rested and refreshed in Y") I like to bitch about this every chance I get, but I just don't understand why nobody puts money into making travel pleasant. I'm not talking about a few inches more legroom, I'm talking about my own armrest (and, okay, maybe a few inches more legroom). I flew first class on a Virgin American domestic leg lately, and the legroom was absurd-- I couldn't even reach the seat in front of my with my legs outstretched. I don't need that much room, and in fact it makes it difficult to reach my underseat bag. (although it means I can escape to the aisle without disturbing my seatmate). If a narrowbody jet went from a 3+3 coach config to a 2+2 that's 50% more cost per passenger. Throw in a couple more inches of legroom. Call it 100% more cost to be generous. How are there not plenty of folks like myself who would be happy to pay it, but can't even fathom the idea of paying 5x as much for today's business class? Yes, I realize today's first and business class fares subsidize coach to some extent, but .. I just don't understand how a premium service can't catch on in this day and age. Talk about customer loyalty. Which is really as it should be. I also find it amusing when people are SHOCKED that a kid would have a cell phone. Sure, they don't need an extravagant $700 smartphone, but who needs a cell phone more? The adult with multiple credit cards, money, reliable transportation, and sits at a desk 8 hours a day with a telephone sitting right there on it? (and then commutes by comfortable car to a house that likely has a landline.. or at least used to when I originally formulated this argument)? Or the kid who rarely has access to a landline, no credit card, no transportation of their own, relies on others (school bus, parents, etc) for transportation to a schedule that might vary each day of the week, and who is much more likely to be "stuck" somewhere? Do it. I've only seen Hackers once, maybe 15 years ago, but Sneakers is an all-time favorite. Or thirty-three-six. It's definitely worth pointing out, but his electricity estimate is so low that the numbers effectively work out for Tier 1 in the SF bay area. I'm sure a school is not in tier 1. But maybe they get beneficial commercial/educational/government pricing, I don't know. They may be off for 3 months over the summer. Which might mean they were actually off, or it might mean that they ran 24/7 and NONE of that time was for 'educational' purposes. The difference is, because of its prohibition, marijuana has a thriving black market. They need to stamp out the black market before they can get taxation to that level. Are daytime TV ads really that cheap, or are there so many people with structured settlements out there (from what?) that buying them is a profitable business to be in? On the other hand, if you're buying for pennies on the dollar and only need a tiny staff... Now more than just an insanely strong beer. http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/16843/76206/ The other sources I've seen specifically said ANY time a vehicle was tested, this did not show up. Tests are typically done on a dynomometer. One easy solution would be trigger the clean mode when the front (driven) wheels are spinning but the rears are not. I'm a motorcyclist too, and straight piped Harleys make me stabby. I don't believe they're louder on the highway. I believe they're louder whenever they're within earshot of any place where people congregate without earplugs (cafes, restaurants, pedestrian areas), whereupon the scumbag on the seat finds it necessary to go wide-open throttle to show off how terrible their bike sounds. It never fails. You're not wrong, but tailpipe tests were quite common in many states. In CA, like other states, they're being phased out. Nevermind the fact that California has no safety inspection, unlike many Eastern states in particular. It's fairly silly to call CA the "gestapo" although they are more aggressive about emissions than anyone else, as you mentioned. I am a driving and motorcyclist enthusiast, and have modified cars and regularly participate in track days. Somehow I've never had a problem with CA emissions, nor have most of my like-minded friends. It's just not that bad, and it does a lot of good. http://www.autocar.co.uk/car-news/industry/diesel-dominance-... http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/sep/14/nine-out-... http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34257424 http://www.hybridcars.com/will-america-avoid-europes-clean-d... First of all, that's not how it works. Secondly, being in neutral and revving the engine seems like a pretty obvious red flag for "hey, maybe I'm being tested for emissions" in the scenario you mention. As was my German-built Corrado in the 90s. Of course, is that stopping me from buying another one this year? Nope, it just took me 15 years ago to get over it. I think it's a fantastic place to live, albeit expensive. I don't go to trendy restaurants, but there's a lot to do in the area. Lots of hiking/running/mountain biking opportunities. Don't undervalue the nice weather; it's a lot less enjoyable to do most outdoor activities when the weather is crappy or unpredictable. Easy access to the ocean. Relatively easy access to the mountains, assuming they get snow again. I'm a motorsport enthusiast; lots of great racetracks and mountain roads for cars+motorcycles. The typewriters were the issue It's like 15% of their US market. But the 11 million figure in this article (vs the old 450k figure) includes vehicles worldwide. 450k was US diesels from VW. Thanks for the reminder to disable HN notifications in Safari. From this article and every other article I've read, yes. It specifically detects when it is being tested versus normal road driving. There have also been no claims that the VW Touareg TDI failed. So 6cyl SUVs pass. There aren't many 4cyl diesels in the US. Chevy Cruze. New BMW 328d. I imagine the new 328d passes just fine, but supposedly the new-for-2016 VW E288 diesels do as well.. they just never got a chance to sell them! Starting with MY16 no US VW TDIs are being sold because they never got their certificate of conformity from the EPA. I had never heard of this. Spectacular! https://bicycledutch.wordpress.com/2012/08/23/spectacular-ne... You're welcome to your opinion. I bike 8 miles each way in Silicon Valley with a backpack on my back. I ride in a t-shirt and jeans (unless it's really hot, in which case I wear shorts). I ride moderately hard, so I arrive with a bit of sweat on my body and on my face. Sometimes I wipe the sweat off my face with a paper towel. 10 mins in my air-conditioned cube and I'm back to normal temp, all dried off, and merino t-shirts don't smell. Driving a car is convenient, sure. My bike commute to work takes about twice as long as driving on 101, though my commute home is often about the same, time-wise due to traffic. I enjoy the bike ride more, for the most part. Occasionally I wish I had a car. Once I had vertigo so I called an Uber to take me to the urgent care. If I had a car, I would have driven, but that's probably not the best shape to be in while driving a motor vehicle. So I suppose you'll trade sitting in traffic for the convenience of having a car on the rare occasion you need one. You're welcome to the choice. I welcome the addition of more bike infrastructure. I used to bike commute on rare occasions from near Levi stadium up to around where Oracle is in Redwood Shores. I don't remember a dedicated bike path along 101 at North Bayshore. I'd usually leave Moffet, cross under 101, go up Middlefield to Rengstorff, then ride past Google, turn left, past Intuit, then follow East Bayshore (the road) the entire way until I cut through EPA towards what is now Facebook HQ (used to be Sun). Has something changed? Also, the trails they show up by the bay are all super-optimstic. First of all, I think they're pretty much all gravel, they meander all over the place, and they don't GO ANYWHERE. I live off of Marsh now and my commute involves more East Bayshore, cutting through Pete's Harbor, saying hi to the homeless people under 101, riding over the pedestrian bridge by the VW dealer, etc. I'm actually fairly lucky in that I have little traffic on my commute, but it's not exactly low-stress with a few high-traffic crossings. The worst is crossing 101 at Marsh. There's a hidden crosswalk to cross 3 lanes of the highway 84 onramp onto 101. I hate that traffic engineers decided to use the shortest-distance method and hide EVERY crosswalk behind a blind corner.. especially those on FREEWAYS, for god's sake. And then, it's pitch black at night... I know you're speaking more of bike/pedestrian conflicts, but that's not an issue on my commute, so I can't speak to it. Every single law I break as a cyclist benefits drivers as well as myself. It's the lack of infrastructure that makes it safer for me to hop from bike lane to sidewalk rather than follow the bike lane which magically reappears on the OTHER SIDE OF A LANE OF TRAFFIC on a 40mph arterial. It's the lack of infrastructure that makes me prefer to go from road to crosswalk (or cut across an entire road when it looks safe) instead of forcing all of the motorists and their precious steeds to have to accordion up and slow for me as I try to make my way across the 3 lanes of traffic to the left turn lane when I need to turn. Additionally, every single law I break exposes me to 100% of the legal risk, and anything a driver might consider "unsafe" is putting 100% of the risk of bodily harm on myself, not on the observer in the car. I say all of this as a car and motorcycle enthusiast with an avowed need for speed. But the reality is that the car-centric view of the roads has to change. I recommend reading the article. These agencies have all the incentive in the world to "encourage" popular websites (bbc.co.uk perhaps) to make their cookies particularly detailed and leaky.