I use Gandi, too, for the same purpose. A bonus is that the corporate proxy at work (which blocks DynDNS domains for reasons that are beyond me) does not mind me accessing my personal server. GitHub has a script for DynDNS using the Gandi API: https://github.com/jasontbradshaw/gandi-dyndns It's actually older. I remember using this in 2007 to write lecture notes in LaTeX in collaboration with a friend (our notebooks being connected by Ethernet since the university did not have WiFi back in the days). > allocating the memory for variables Allocation of N variables on the stack is O(1) since it just moves the stack pointer by the total size of all variables. That's called "Design By Contract". You formally specify pre/post-conditions of functions and invariants of classes (such as "cap >= len" in this case), and have the compiler enforce that automatically, e.g. by inserting runtime checks. > This article is deeply flawed... change in wages != change in standard of living. Measuring "standard of living" is a very hard problem. At least they're being clear about their definition, so I can judge the correlations they find for myself. Not necessarily. If the app changes seldomly, you could reuse a CSS file across multiple sessions, whereas the HTML (i.e. "GET /") is probably always served up fresh. That does not apply, of course, if your initial HTML page is a static asset, too. That always depends on the market. While Chrome leads the US market like IE used to, Firefox is for example the most-used browser in Germany. Maybe it would have been a valuable approach for Mozilla to work with a specific market when introducing Persona, e.g. the big German webmail providers. This fits in well with the "code as craft" argument presented in the comments here. Most craftsmen need to make a living by producing rather boring, functional pieces in a large volume, while occasionally taking the time to manufacture an intricate masterpiece. In this sense, your run-of-the-mill Rails app is the IKEA table of coding. Designing an ergonomic phone interface can be grouped under communication design, thus art. Constructing a quantum computer using optics clearly falls into the physics department, at least until physics spins off an engineering department for quantum stuff, like it spun off mechanics and electronics in earlier centuries. I consider the term "computer science" historically motivated and anachronistic. Similar to how old people would stereotypically describe their child's job as "something with computers", we muddled subtopics of various sciences together just because they're doing "something with computers". With computing technology and methodology now permeating nearly all areas of science, art, and engineering, maybe it's time to tear down the computer science departments and reintegrate their pieces back into the appropriate departments. Or maybe we shouldn't, for we would lose the extremely diverse curriculum that a CS degree includes. I've heard mathematics classified as a "structural science", as opposed to the "natural sciences". Theoretical CS fits into that "structural science" umbrella term very well. Ack uses the same git/hg/svn-ignore heuristic. Hue? There is one on mine. Maybe mine's different because I upgraded from 10.9 to 10.10 to 10.11 whereas you might have started with a later version (or an earlier one)? s/EPIPE/SIGPIPE/, but otherwise, I agree. :) The article hypothesizes that analytics services will probably move their tracking code from client-side JavaScript to the server-side, so that the publisher's server will forward the analytics data to the analytics server. There is an interesting irony in this: By using client-side blocking more widely, we (the users) force evolution of analytics towards methods that are less introspectable and less blockable from our side. There's a business opportunity for ridiculously long extension cords right there. The problem I see with this kind of carsharing is that it does not scale particularly well to rush hours. I must note though that I'm living in Germany where Uber is not really a thing yet (mostly because of regulatory problems), so if anyone can share insight on how Uber scales to the rush hour, that'd be great. Regarding the "Annoyance" bullet point, you might have a better time if you put an Apache or nginx in the front (on ports 80/443), have it serve the acme-challenges statically and proxy_pass everything else to Node running on a high port. TLS handling would then happen in the frontend server only. Regarding the "please use sudo" issue, it's very much possible to run the letsencrypt client as a non-root user if you set your filesystem permissions carefully. Here's the letsencrypt configuration for a private webserver of mine: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Fascinating. And fun fact: I'm 26 and I don't have a driver's license. So do many of my peers. I totally rely on public transit (save for the few occasions where I need to move furniture etc.). Public transit service is exceptionally good and reliable in most of Germany's big towns. The only case that I know of when manual memory management is slower is short-running programs which exit before the first GC run, therefore removing the need to do any deallocation at all. In principle, yes, but a) access via MOC is certainly slower than compiling a direct function call into a single `call` opcode, and b) MOC only covers signals, slots, and Q_INVOKABLE methods. For QObjects, that means that the remaining methods are not accessible. And methods for non-QObject-derived classes are also inaccessible. I would argue it's a bad idea for images already. Images give away a lot about the type of content that you're viewing, which is possibly sensitive information. Consider, for example, a Chinese computer connecting to Wikipedia over HTTPS, which then downloads an image over HTTP without S that is clearly related to the Tiananmen massacre. > I would honestly take a 50% pay cut if I was able to just deal with the code working at home, I am a fairly frugal person and wish there was something like basic income so I could just spend my days programming on projects that interest me. You're not the only one. :) This touches on the classic question of "is coding engineering or art"? If it were engineering, it would become quantifiable once we have enough empirical data from previous projects to base our theories on. If it were art, that would be impossible since every project is as individual as the last one. It's probably inbetween. The point is that it depends on your definition of "expected". I'd rather have my library act in a well-defined way that can be stated as succinctly as possible. Not all processes that involve GitHub are development processes. I've seen automated deployments fail inside a corporate network when the resident HTTP proxy had a bad day and could not connect to github.com. > Rent is, essentially, theft from society itself, it leaves everyone poorer when most people rent. Not necessarily. It depends on whom you're giving the money to. If it's a profit-oriented company or investor or the like, then I'd tend to agree with you. On the other hand, I'm renting my apartment from a housing cooperative that I'm also a member of. The cooperative releases a yearly financial report detailing that rents are for the most part used for maintaining the buildings owned by the cooperative, and to buy new land and construct new buildings. I consider that model very sensible; it allows me to delegate all tasks relating to the maintenance of my apartment to people who are more competent in this area, and who can negotiate better rates with craftspeople. It also gives me much of the social security that people usually associate with self-owned apartments or buildings since my lease contract literally states that the cooperative is not allowed to throw me out of the apartment (given that I obey the rules of the house, of course). But at the same time, I have the flexibility to easily move to a different apartment somewhere else in the city (or somewhere else entirely) without having to deal with selling the apartment and buying a new one. In version 28 or so they removed the ability to configure Firefox Sync against a custom Sync server. You could continue to use an existing setup but there is no UI for setting up a new one. (all AFAIK) Interesting. Over here (Germany) the prices in housing cooperatives are actually ridiculously low, compared to the rest of the apartment market. As a student, I lived in a single-room apartment with separate kitchen and bath, 26 square meters total, for less than 200 euros (including utilities). It does not necessarily help. I accidentally bought a Smart TV about one year ago, an LG model with WebOS. I never dared connect it to the internet, but it was horrible nonetheless because the software was so abysmally slow. For example, to change a channel: 1. Grab the remote, press "5", press "OK". 2. Put down the remote. 3. Wait five seconds. 4. Overlay with "5" appears. 5. Wait five seconds. 6. Channel switches. I sold this shit a few months ago, and am now using my five-year-old dumb TV again. The same link is somewhere in this guide, too. This guide has a broader scope, though. You could just as well argue that his ideas are democratic, giving power to larger groups of people than before. Teaching the people to run their own services sounds pretty similar to what happened during the enlightenment, when people were taught to read at a large scale for the first time. "You can simply add WIRED.com to your ad blocker’s whitelist, so you view ads." That's cute. I just rolled out network-level adblocking at home to improve the security of legacy clients (e.g. old un-updateable Android phones). There is no concept of a whitelist in this approach. Personally, I do not block first-party ads (i.e. ad images served from the same domain as the original content). For me, the point of using an adblocker is to reduce attack surface and tracking opportunities. I see, of course, that I'm likely not representing the majority of adblock users. Depends on whether it's the site itself that gets hacked, or the ad network. (The latter is going to be a much more valuable target in practice since it allows malware to spread via multiple sites, not just one.) I'm not sure about that. I'm right there with you, but I'm skeptical whether it's a majority opinion. Does anybody have numbers on that? Seconded. I regularly prune the list of accounts I follow, so that I don't spend too much time with Twitter but still get to read everything from those people that I find interesting. I hate "While you were away" with a passion, especially the part where (on mobile) after dismissing it, it asks you "Did you like this?", yet it can't take a hint after the 20th "No". Automating processes involving people from outside your project is just a very hard problem. The trade-off here is investing a possibly small amount of time into recruiting a PM vs. investing a possibly ridiculous amount of time into building a magical issue triaging AI. The "onslaught" is very relative to how many time you can afford to spend on the project at all. If you can afford to spend one hour per week, then triaging 25 issues per week might eat all of that. If you can afford to spend one hour per day, then issue triaging will only be a small part of your daily routine. > They will ship small, non-delicate items in huge cardboard boxes, with inflatable padding thrown in for even more waste. At least we have social networks to rage about it: https://twitter.com/stefanmajewsky/status/642356938324475904 :) Wow. Your city's policies suck. My town (in Germany) has several disposal facilities where citizens can drop up to 2 m³ per year of bulk garbage, toxic and electronic waste free of charge. There's legislation happening to avoid that, for example http://time.com/4146012/france-food-waste-law/ > Officials in the French Parliament voted unanimously to put an end to food waste by forcing large grocery stores to donate unsold food. Where I live, glass is collected in three bins, labeled "white glass", "green glass", and "brown glass". The classic question is "What about blue glass?" As it turns out, all oddly-colored glass should go into the white glass bin since the recycling processes for green and brown glass are tuned for the specific dyes used. Business idea: A weekly newspaper or website that just republishes decade-long articles that were prophetic at the time and are still valid today. I don't think it's zeitgeist only. Or at least, not on such a short scale. The pre-internet equivalent of that is interviewing random people on the street about current events, to fill the 2:30 of your news report with something vaguely related to the subject. Like in Charlie Brooker's "How to report the news": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHun58mz3vI A better analogy might be those smaller cola brands with higher caffeine levels. I don't know if you have these in the US; in Germany, there are a lot of them (e.g. Fritz Kola, Afri Cola, Club Mate Cola). On the outside, it looks similar to Coke/Pepsi (still cola), but it has a vastly different and smaller audience (people who need caffeine, but despise the sugariness of energy drinks). But they stay in their niche, because any attempt to replicate Coke/Pepsi would get them crushed between those two. Personal experience: While I have DuckDuckGo as the default search engine on my notebook, I end up taking multiple-word queries to Google most of the time because the results are much better there. In fact, DuckDuckGo is only better for one-word queries for me because of its promoted results (e.g. when I'm searching for the name of an OSS project and it highlights the official website at the top of the results page). I reject the metaphor. Just because a tool does not gain new followers (heh) anymore, doesn't mean it should be killed. It would be interesting to know if Twitter would be profitable if it is just put into maintenance mode. My point is, Twitter has value for me the way it is. I don't personally see any reason for changing it. Of course, that's not a reasoning that Wall Street would agree with. > a bit like how organizations could previously run their own email [...] infrastructure "Previously"? Seconded. All that mentality does is create "bullshit jobs" (not my wording) designed to employ people without actually giving meaning to their lives. http://strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ A pronouncing dictionary does not help you when people invent new words or import new words from a different language, in which case readers familiar with the subject at hand might identify the pronounciation from their familiarity with the source language or subject. Unless, of course, you have an AI attached to your TTS that can understand the context in a similar way. looks up "mould" in dictionary Do you mean the fungi that spread on wet walls? Because I would consider just painting over these a very bad idea. At least he's being clear about it, unlike big shops that silently display higher prices to users on iDevices compared to desktop/Android users. I once saw a report about two persons having the same name, same birthday, and same birthplace. It really fucks up a lot of administrative databases. Unhashed passwords don't get you pwned. They only become a problem after you've been pwned. "Shoulder surfing" refers to people extracting personal information, such as credentials, from your computer by just looking over your shoulder while you're typing them in or displaying them. Precisely the reason why password input fields usually display replacement characters instead of actual characters (or nothing at all if you're on a Unix terminal). While scrolling down past this page, I was wondering when they would finally show the final font. Until the end, I thought that these were all design sketches. The curious design aside, the bigger problem is legibility. For example, in the last example image (reading "a light one with dots and without") the horizontal lines of the H's are practically invisible, making it unnecessarily hard to even make out the word boundaries. The latter is a nice lesson in how the brain reads text (starting with word recognition, then moving on to deciphering single words and word groups), but the fact that viewing this font makes me realize this process just shows how badly designed the font is. And I'm not referring to "bad design" as in "I don't like the style", I mean it's bad because it does not satisfactorily perform the function that it is designed for (which for text always is to communicate meaning). > I still think Windows is the hardest and longest OS to install. But they have gotten way better, too. The last Windows that I regularly used was XP, and I remember it being a pain in the ass to set up (on the scale of "I'll dedicate the whole weekend to getting the OS and drivers installed"). Just recently, though, I set up a dual-boot on my desktop PC, with Arch Linux as default, and Windows 10 for the few games in my Steam library that are not Linux-compatible. I explicitly chose Windows 10 for enabling my DirectX-12-compatible card. The setup process was surprisingly straightforward and despite the very new hardware, it found all drivers out of the box and everything went smoothly. The only annoyance is the gazillion spying features that you have to disable, and the other gazillion spying features that you cannot disable. But since I'm only playing games on that OS, and the other OS with all personal data is on an encrypted disk, I don't care anyway. There are scripts for building each package individually, and these scripts list other packages that are required for the build process. There is nothing to enforce the requirement that the build requirements are a subset of the packages built, or even correlated to them. Source-based distributions are not the only solution. >> https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds I remember seeing a report about this on German TV where they had a big shop's product page loaded on both an iPad and an Android tablet, showing clearly different prices. I don't exactly remember which shop it was. Might've been Amazon, but I honestly don't remember. The whole comments thread here sums it up perfectly. You have a bunch of people praising Twitter for its utility to discover interesting content (which includes me), and a bunch of people condemning it for bad signal-to-noise ratio and abusive subcommunities. And frankly, if I had control over Twitter, I'd just be okay with that. The only change I'd make is identify more clearly which usecases create actual value for users, and advertise these more clearly. The biggest problem I'm reading from the article is that people misunderstand what Twitter is good for. Case in point: "How do I get followers?" Uhm, how about posting interesting things? This is not Facebook. People don't follow you just because you're a distant relative or happened to go to the same school once. People follow you because they find your tweets funny, insightful, or in another way a valuable target of their attention. > as search deteriorates Can you expand on why search is deteriorating? Honest question. I certainly don't see the relevance of search sinking, nor can I see any competitor in the market that could even come close to threatening Google's monopoly on search. > The courts have interpreted "protected computer" as any computer connected to the internet. The mismatch between the world views of jurisprudence and engineers is a neverending source of joy. (If working in tech has made you cynical like me, that is.) The German Criminal Code has §202c StGB [1], commonly known as the "hacker section" (or "Hackerparagraph" in German). While §202a and §202b punish unauthorized access to or interception of data, §202c extends this threat to obtaining passwords or creating tools in preparation of such an act. Note that this section has only existed for a few years. I am not aware if white-hat hackers have actually been prosecuted for creating hacker tools. [1] http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__202c.html > is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title The wording reminds me of a similar section in the German Copyright Law which outlaws the circumvention of "effective" copy-protection schemes. How an access control scheme can be effective and circumventable at the same time is completely beyond me. :) > Nobody is printing 40 year old news - people are still watching 40 year old movies. Because news operate at a different scale than movies. People are still reading 40-year-old books. A 40-year-old news article is not relevant anymore because it only fits within the momentary context in which it was created, whereas a non-fiction book or even an essay can span a broader context and thus stay as informative for future readers. Good luck trying to argue to a judge that the law is forbidden from being idiotic. ;) Or they might just be hitting different obstacles now. History is not always a linear interpolation of the past (though more often than most people are ready to admit). > In China where people worry about many things including clean water and corruption, having to have to worry about a large portion of the population being swindled by a bad acting foreign media propaganda is a real concern. And how are they gonna act against poisonous water and corruption if they cannot form a movement through some sort of free media? > In an undeveloped country this could potentially result in a nazi takeover. See impoverished Germany after World War I as an example. Do you really consider 1930s Germany undeveloped? Even a developed country is not impenetrable to propaganda. Just look at all the radical nationalists across all of Europe. Wow, awesome response. Will need to let that sink in. > So, as someone who is not an information architect or data scientist, it seems like we have an ecosystem where a scaled down version of google can be built and trained on the per user basis and completely private. I'm skeptical. Search is a huge problem just because of the bizarre amount of resources you need to throw at it. I can't afford to build my own datacenter(s) to host my custom search system. There might be huge advances ahead in terms of storage capacity on commodity systems, I don't know, but in any case, I'm only one person crawling webpages versus millions of people (and bots!) creating them. You implicitly address that a bit later by talking about "silo crawling", but again, I'm skeptical. The only silo structure that I can easily see is large sites with useful content like Wikipedia or StackOverflow/StackExchange, but I'm likely to come across these anyway in any given domain, and I can easily filter for these on Google today, e.g. "site:en.wikipedia.org". The more interesting and hard part is the long tail of small, sparsely interconnected websites which might contain unusual insights but are unlikely to come across with a silo crawler (or with Google's current UI, for that matter). > Search experience is getting worse in terms of control I guess that's the classical problem of scaling a product to a large audience of mostly technically illiterate users. Maybe Google is learning from Apple, whose UIs have for a long time favored ease of use over giving control to the user. The variable in this equation is the definition of "our enemy". This is an absurd waste of energy. Okay, but then, since you're already animating individual elements, what's the benefit over jQuery's $.fn.css? When I saw the title, I think it was going to be about how they deal with security. Actually, Opera was the one to invent tabs. Does someone remember why Firefox took off while Opera never managed to come out of its niches? Not at all. If I want to impersonate someone, I just have to act like them. The only protection is 2FA. > Stop being obsessed with [...] depression. So you're one of the persons who would suggest to clinically depressed people to "just smile again" as if that would magically solve all their problems and mental disorders? The point is that even if such people are a minority, we should treat them with the appropriate discretion and be sensitive to their psychological needs. Same here. Pretty disappointing. It does work with `mpv --ytdl`, though. Indeed. Instead of `cat`, OP could've used `sha256sum` on the config.php to prove the authenticity of your report without exposing the site to even more attacks. The last point sounds interesting. Gonna try that next time I do home office (which I only do when really necessary, e.g. because of craftsmen appointments at my home). A friend of mine recently got a German "Personenbeförderungsschein" (person transport permit) to work part-time at a chauffeur service (which, from what he told, is mostly identical to a taxi service). There was no First Aid training involved as far as he told me, only a knowledge test of about 100 Points of Interest around the city, including routes to there and in some cases opening hours. Depends on the application. I'm using uMatrix and always allow all content (including JS) that's served from the same domain. The problem for me really is tracking and visual clutter, and I assume that a first-party ad will not track me across domains and likely integrate well within the page layout. I'm fully aware though that I'm not the mean audience for adblocking. Source? ;) Well, even if it technically isn't an adblocker, it's a darn good one in practice. And it sets up domain blocking by default, probably using the same lists as uBlock Origin. > whereas after ~3 years you had completed the whole french language I'm also German and had French in upper school for five years, and that was certainly not true for me. In fact, I've yet to encounter a language that you can "complete" within three years of a normal school curriculum. (I'm not talking about living abroad or specialized language learning curriculums, where you can get proficient in well less than three years.) I've noticed that after I switched to watching most English movies with the original audio track, rather than the German dub. To the point where my usually-German internal monologue would sometimes flip to English because some idioms are only available in English, and I wouldn't notice until several sentences later. One thing that helped me avoid a German accent while speaking English, was to imitate a heavy German accent and observe what was really the essence of it, then just avoiding these "mistakes". For example, here are the things that make up most of the German accent of English: - pronouncing "th" as "s" (Germans apparently don't know how to put one's tongue tip on the upper teeth) - pronouncing "w" as "v" (like the German "w") instead of as "u" - sharper pronounciation of initial vowels (i.e. when a word starts with a vowel) and "h" > but that's 2 bits of data As if brains store bits. > "backyard-filled-with-children" (kindergarten) A kindergarten is most definitely a backyard filled with children. You would call that a "playground", most likely. Or just a backyard filled with children. A kindergarten is a daycare center for children aged 2-6. Here is my configuration: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Domains with this configuration get A+ on ssllabs and securityheaders.io (test with "repo.holocm.org" if you like). It includes an autorenewal script wrapped in a systemd timer unit. There is one bug, though: The autorenewal script fails because letsencrypt crashes when stdin is not a TTY. ( https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt/issues/2523 ) What were you compiling? The official client is written in Python. That was something that I complained about even before letsencrypt. It's insanely difficult for anyone except crypto experts to figure out a sane selection of cipher suite, so why can't they not just include one or two sane presets with the application, that get updated along with it when algorithms are broken and new ones emerge? I'm running Arch Linux in production for my private systems, and am currently extending it to a system previously on Debian oldstable in order to harmonize my processes. It works very well for me (I didn't have any update-induced downtimes yet, except for the usual reboots to apply kernel upgrades), but I can easily see how people could struggle with the no-partial-upgrade problem when they employ complex, fast-moving software stacks. My solution is to package that software myself in a private repo, so that I get to decide when to upgrade. In Arch, probably more than with any other binary distribution, it helps very much to have a good grip on the packaging process. Once you already have your private repo and signing key set up and rolled out everywhere, the barrier to rolling the next custom package is much slower. I wouldn't say "once a day". When I'm sick, I might not touch my PCs for a week, and that has always been fine. The only situation where things were fucked up badly was when the system upgrade failed on a friend's notebook that was not updated for 6 months. I had to uninstall KDE in order to untangle the missing dependencies, then do the upgrade, then reinstall KDE. What you call "redneck" version is actually how I manage my system configuration. :) The metapackage is the only one that's explicitly installed, ever. (Except for workstations where I might install applications to test them.) Part of system maintenance is to clean out orphaned packages every once in a while, usually as part of the system update. A fruitful interpretation could be that there is no one language for all jobs. Just as programming languages are chosen for the specific task at hand, you can also choose a natural language by its effectiveness for the current task. Shamir's 3rd Law of Computer Security: "Cryptography is typically bypassed, not penetrated." > If I want some object, I will buy that object myself. I can so relate. "What can I get you for birthday?" - "Nothing, mum. I got all I need." - "How about we go buy some new shoes for you?" - " sigh I already have a pair of shoes." :) I've recently started building an actual database of my physical inventory, and have already found multiple items which I needlessly own twice because when I bought the second one, I didn't realize I had one already. It's much easier than that. Just a text file that I keep in a git repo (so I can sync it between systems). First, I assign string IDs to storage locations following a simple hierarchical pattern. For example, `H` might be the hallway. `Hc` might be the cupboard on the hallway. `Hc3` might be the third drawer in that cupboard, and so on. Now if I put my old external harddrive into that drawer, I write into the inventory text file: "Hc3 external harddrive". It's the storage location, followed by the asset name. If the thing might have many names, I just chain all of them together. Now all the queries come down to simple grepping, for example: - "grep '^H' inventory" gives me all the items I have stored in the hallway. - "grep Windows inventory" shows me where I put that old Windows 7 DVD. My system also includes optional "intents" to be appended to the storage location. There's "#s" (sale), "#o" (offer = give away for free), "#g" (garbage), and "#e" (evict = move to a less accessible storage location if space is needed). So I can just show the output of "grep '#o' inventory" to my friends, and they can see at a glance what stuff I have to give away. In a way, that's even worse. You're more likely to forget a complicated passphrase when you only have to type it in very seldomly. > Thankfully this nonsense is on its way out Do you mean Shockwave, or ads? ;) I'm skeptical of any form of filtering or censorship. How can you know which rules the algorithm abides by? If it's some deep-learning-based AI, how would even Twitter know exactly which rules the AI abides by? A more transparent solution could be a prominent warning mark on tweets from people who have more people blocking them than following them. And be the first person in history to actually catch a computer virus? ;) I guess the argument is orthogonality. It is a desirable property in programming languages to not have overlapping features, because people will always be confused about when to use which (the classic example being pointers vs. references in C++). The closest to this astronaut food that we actually have (albeit not at large scale yet) is probably Soylent. How long until the McDécor? :) At my old team, when we did the migration from SVN to Git, I set up the deployment workflow with mandatory pull requests for everything. And I included a small deployment tool in the QA system where every developer could just click a checkbox next to their branch, and that branch would be added to the QA system (which has a copy of the production data for extended testing). Behind the scenes, it just does an octopus merge of all selected branches into master. Since the codebase was reasonably large, we almost never encountered problems with merge conflicts. sed -i s/float/double/ *.go If I read the snippet correctly, that's a stack, not a queue. > "descartes reset" I love that word. Especially because studying Descartes in high school has also shaped my world view very strongly. I use red sunglasses for that (sometimes advertised as "UV protection"). The advantage is that it works on all devices, even analog ones. :) Random plug: Another invaluable tool for API analysis is http://mitmproxy.org . How is RPM a more reliable format than dpkg? I've worked with both systems as part of writing a program that generates pacman/dpkg/RPM packages, and I've found dpkg to be the most sane and well-designed of the three, while the RPM format is a horrible and under-documented atrocity. Well duh. How is it supposed to make any statement about the situation at your place when it does not know your location? The only alternative is: return (rand() > RAND_MAX/2) ? "Yes" : "No"; > Nobody disputes the usefulness of some ad(vert)s. I do. Some years ago, I've read an essay where the author, among other things, considered banning paid advertisements, i.e. getting paid to promote someone else's work. I sadly didn't save a link at the time, and I can't find it on Google. The author argued that today's social networks are effective ways for word-of-mouth advertising, which is why classical advertising is not strictly required for a new product to take off (esp. when combined with crowdfunding). Furthermore, advertisements regularly create requirements that are irrational and even harmful to the people involved (e.g. sodas and sweets) or the society or its natural resources. I can see how banning paid advertisement could help in transitioning to a zero-growth economy, which I consider one of the most remarkable challenges of our generation. I would love to see these ideas explored with scientific scrutiny, because, as always with economic policies on this scale, it's near impossible to estimate their effect in advance. The site is aimed at people who want AdBlock but don't know yet that a) it exists or b) how to get it. True, but hacking an ad network to distribute malware has a much better Return On Investment since it will distribute your malware from potentially thousands of websites, instead of just one. The same reason why exploits for Windows and Windows software are more common than for other desktop operating systems. My two layers of blocking are also not detected. Layer 1: Similar to what @accommodavid has, my router uses several lists of ad-server domains to block requests to them. The list URLs are at https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole/blob/963eacfe0537a7abddf3... Layer 2: My browser has uMatrix. It is set up to only allow a) first-party requests of any kind, and b) third-party requests for images and CSS. (So on your site, the JS from ajax.googleapis.com is blocked.) Good thing I'm not in the US. :) What uBlock displays is merely a lower bound. Many ad scripts, when loaded, will make further requests. But with uBlock, they're never loaded, so uBlock can't count the requests that were never tried. Here's a problem with audition projects: I would never be able to take part in one, since my current job contract has a clause forbidding me from simultaneously working for any competitor in the same field. (This is a German job contract; I don't know if such clauses are common in the US or elsewhere, too.) So in order to work on an audition project, I'd have to be unemployed already. This is odd. I had FDE enabled for quite some time on my old Nexus 4 (and now on a OnePlus One) and I've not experienced any performance degradation after I turned it on. Maybe I was lucky and both phones support hardware acceleration for the relevant crypto primitives. It's a German company, and my previous employer (a German SME) had a similar clause, so it's likely not just them. Of course this is implemented in a paper voting system, if done right. When there are elections over here (in Germany), I can sit in the room all day and observe that the ballot box is empty at the beginning, every voter only votes once, and that votes are counted correctly at the end. When I did that last year, I also wrote down the totals and compared these to the published results for my electoral district. That's why we need mandatory pre-registration and publication for trials: You have to announce in advance when you're doing a trial, and you have to publish the results afterwards, so that you can't cherry-pick the ones you like. If you're looking for a simple/minimalistic configuration management, I'll shamelessly plug my own: http://holocm.org Yeah, so? People using Google most likely "had no problems at all" either. When something is paid for directly (and consequentially cannot be afforded by some), it will be biased towards the opinions of its backers, and thus, the wealthy. "Studierende" is actually a counterexample, because it means "people who are studying right now". So if you hear of "Studierendenproteste" rather than "Studentenproteste" (student protests), you can picture them reading books during their protest. :) That's an interesting point. However, this will only work when you're only ever reading your own source code. In Ruby code, I've seen a lot of very long expressions formatted without any spaces at all, like: (artifical example) @posts = Post.where(author:params[:author_id].to_i).map{|p|p.comment_count}.select{|c|c>5&&c I often found myself properly formatting the code before I could even read it. Re 2) set wildmode=list:longest EDIT: Re 3), there's something weird going on. I just tried the benchmark from the article that you linked ("1000000aaeou "), and it really did not complete in a useful timeframe. However, when I insert the text once, yank it, then paste it with repeat ("iaeou ^y4l1000000p"), the operation completes instantly, and I can still browse the file without any slowdown. Undo/redo across this operation seems to take some seconds, though. Plus taxes. Reminds me of the famous Blaise Pascal quote: "I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time." (also attributed to Mark Twain, T.S. Eliot and others) > Now that I have some years of experience in the industry, I realize that 80% of the "puzzles" I face at work are bullshit. Amen, brother. Just four years of work experience here, but I can totally confirm that. The actual product is built in a week, then it's multiple months of "this department over there needs a special case implemented pronto". 100 € might be a bit too low. Mine is 800 € a week IIRC, but it also counts for payments via EC (Electronic Cash, i.e. paying with the normal bank account card). I once ran into it on a Sunday after just having paid for a week-long hotel stay. Luckily I had just enough money left to pay the train ticket back home. Having said that, I also like the relatively low limit to contain the damage in case of skimming or card theft. The dominant explanation among leftist economists in Europe is that banks wants to set negative interest rates on consumer bank accounts. But that only works when cash is eliminated. Otherwise, negative interest would cause a bank run because keeping the money at home in cash is literally more profitable than leaving it in the bank account. Also, cash has its builtin handling costs. It needs to be handled and counted by cashiers, which usually takes more time than an electronic payment transaction (iff the electronic transactions go smoothly). I don't have any insight on how much costs this is actually causing BTW. But I recall handling costs for businesses being an argument in the debate to abolish pennies (in the US) or 1ct/2ct coints (in Europe). It depends. Pseudo-anonymity can give a (possibly false) sense of security. With bank accounts tied to your name, at least you definitely know that "they" can trace it back to you at every time, whereas with pseudo-anonymity you might never know if you're fully anonymous. > So yeah, if they are focused on GHE, these features don't suggest that. Then have a look at the GHE release notes. 2.5 introduces clustering to improve scaling of large instances, which is really nice for large orgs like my day job in SAP Cloud Infrastructure. Totally. Just click "rails generate" twice. ;) It is very useful in work cultures where people don't do PRs all the time (particularly out of laziness or to do hotfixes), but you still want to comment on the change. +1 - I was so confused about this yesterday. For not just a moment, I thought they had eliminated global search entirely. You can do ANYTHING at zombo.com! That's for properties and keywords, not for class names. Have a look at the official documentation: https://doc.qt.io/ I've used it in early Qt 4 times to learn Qt myself, but since it's been a while, I can't attest if the documentation is still as good as it was back then, but a quick gloss over it suggests that it is still as extensive. They seem to be focusing the tutorials on their IDE (Qt Creator), but you can also use it with other build systems (preferably CMake) if you prefer the CLI. Seconded. Also, the KDE Free Qt Foundation [1] has slowly extended the reach of their Agreement to include all versions of Qt across all platforms, including most additional modules maintained by Qt Company. [1] The KDE Free Qt Foundation maintains a legal contract between KDE e.V. and the owners of Qt that mandates that, should Qt not see a new release for longer than 12 months, the last version of Qt be re-licensed under a permissive BSD-style license. Well then it's odd that the article doesn't mention OSM anywhere. I had a similar thing just recently. I was sitting in a hackerspace trying to book a hotel. It wasn't possible there because they wanted a credit card (just as safety if I don't show up, I was going to pay in the hotel anyway). Since I don't have a credit card, I IM'd a friend if I could use his credit card for the booking. I went over to his place, and when I did the booking process at his home, suddenly I could book without a credit card. My hypothesis is that the hotel website didn't trust me in the hackerspace since I was connecting to them over a VPN. Hasn't it always been like that? Just replace "some algorithm" with "social norms". I don't see a qualitative difference. Wait, actually, one difference. The algorithm adjusts much quicker than social norms, which is why it seems to affect you more. Changing of social norms is usually only observed by people who are older than the average HN reader. Depends. The POTUS is not likely to use the nuclear arsenal against you. Your personal data, though, is much more actionable from his POV. Depends on the law. Most or all of these examples are not public record in Germany. I use uMatrix, mostly to block malicious or intrusive JavaScript. It's not primarily intended as an adblocker, but effectively works like one since most ads are served by untrusted third parties. But since more and more malware is now spreading through ad networks, I've taken it one step further and rolled out domain-level adblocking on my router (on the DNS level), mainly as a way of securing non-updateable devices like Android phones of guests. Note that this means that I cannot whitelist ads for a specific domain, but since adblocking was never my primary concern to begin with, I consider that acceptable. I will always see ads if they are served from the same domain (or from any other domain that is not a known ad server), so there's a clear and easy way for publishers to get ads in front of my eyes, should they decide to give a shit. In these cases, I usually use while(true) with break, like while (true) { const bool flag = do_something(); if (!flag) break; } I've seen 2TB already. Another thing: Look at the geographical distribution for "api" and observe a huge peak for Indonesia, stomping everything else into the ground. I'd guess that "api" is some sort of very common word in the Indonesian language. It also depends on the region. In Germany, Facebook's market penetration is much lower than in the US. In my circle of acquaintances, only about half of them have a Facebook account, and even less admit using it regularly. And to give some evidence beyond my obviously skewed social context, most restaurants have a simple static website with a menu and map, instead of a Facebook page (or in some cases, in addition to a Facebook page). Exactly. More than once I've written a small shell script to do things that other people do in multiple KLOC of Go or NodeJS. > With just a couple of lines of CSS the readability would increase tenfolds. That's what Firebug is for. :) So what is it then that makes this kind of fraud common in Southern Europe but practically nonexistent in Germany? (judging from my experience) Yes, it's most certainly that. See also http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/gak I guess that's a feature. Underlines on the web usually denominate a link, so offering underlines for non-links would just confuse readers needlessly. (inb4 "But my use-case is different." Yes it is, but I'm talking about the web in general.) I would rather say that (La)TeX is a turing-complete programming language that includes an extensive typesetting library. :) > It's not as bad as it used to be but reinstalling the OS and cleaning the fans can often substantially improve an old PC. And if you're reinstalling the OS anyway, add an SSD (at least for the system files). This gives a substantial performance boost on most old PCs for under 100 $/€. I'd like an Android phone with the update availablity of iOS. Nexus is the closest contender, but they still stop supporting devices after about 1,5 - 2 years. I bought a 4K monitor last year, and since it was about as expensive as all the good 24"-28" models, I went with a 40" model (the Philips BDM4065UC, to be exact). And it's amazing. 4K is awesome when you have the screen area to actually fit more content on the screen without having to Alt-Tab all the time (e.g. code + API documentation + test results). It's basically four 1080p monitors in one. @TickleSteve below me: "without this, removal is only performed within the compilation-unit" Not quite. When you link to a static library ( .a) with lots of .o object files in it, only those object files will be linked that are actually used by your program. I first learned about this when I looked at the source of dietlibc, and wondered about every function being in a separate file. That enables the aforementioned trivial optimization, even without -flto. This will give startsWithCapitalLetter("!") == true which is not what you want. I loved these. Then my employer replaced my Thinkpad with a Macbook. And Outlook for Mac does not have the Tasks pane. > you might risk losing some people forever as their skills become so obsolete This is likely why I'll likely never be able convince myself to take a break from programming until retirement. Unless, of course, today's chatbots evolve to write code better than we do. Or at least cheaper. I would much rather have another airport built than another prison. > If you get rid of advertising, you slow down the economy. I still don't understand why a slower economy is a bad thing. Poverty and starvation is definitely a bad thing, climate change is definitely a bad thing, but a slow economy? There may be no upper bound on the absolute amount of available resources, but there is still a limit on how fast you can expand. Consider the following maximal example: If all of Earth's resources are exhausted (whatever that means, I don't rely on any exact definition), we need to head outwards into space. Because our expansion is limited by the speed of light, we can at most cover a distance r(t) = c * t and thus a volume of space V(t) = (c * t)^3 where t is the time spent travelling through space. The amount of available resources (assuming an even distribution of resources on the scale of the universe) is proportional to V, and thus to t^3. Cubic growth is much much much much less than exponential growth. In fact, the exponential function can be shown to grow faster than any power function. "High Output Management" was released in 1983. The article referenced here is from 2010. Maybe he has just changed his opinion. What is this shit? I'm only seeing an empty website, even after accepting all the third-party JSs (except for Google/Twitter/Facebook). > with custom hardware for which the drivers are rarely all available for linux Over the last 10 years, I have never encountered a notebook that didn't work at all in Linux. Sure, you'd have the occasional brightness switch or WiFi toggle not working perfectly, but it would always be usable. And that experience includes an Asus Zenbook which, at the time of installation, had been released only three days ago, so it was definitely not all old hardware. Might have been my luck, though. > you end up having to type command lines almost immediatly, to install a software or change a configuration The world is not just Gentoo. Have you actually used a mainstream distribution in the last few years? > Has he built a huge multi-billion dollar business? He's built other people's multi-billion dollar businesses. :) > There's a difference between "Standards Compliant" and "Does not work for me". Many of the standards compliant cables might work just fine for a majority of users. I'd assume that a USB-Type C recepticle embedded in a costly device, such as a smartphone or notebook, is more likely to be manufactured by someone who adheres to the specs, or at least strives to. Hetzner is really awesome. They even offer a painless Arch Linux installation which works great. That site appears quite outdated. According to my package manager, this is the current upstream URL: http://kde.org/applications/graphics/kolourpaint/ If it's ksycoca4-related, try kbuildsycoca4 --no-incremental && sudo kbuildsycoca4 --global --no-incremental Ugly, but it gets the job done. I don't seem to have needed that with KDE 5 applications, so maybe they fixed that, and Krita just needs to update (which AFAIK they're already working on). > how does Win 10 do on eliminating cruft, like old update files I cannot answer this, just speculating: Windows does not create multiple partitions by default, so as long as C:/ has free space left, it can pile on without a care in the world. And by the time that it actually fills up, the average consumer would go buy a new PC anyway (or pay someone to cleanup the mess). Fun fact: I recently used units(1) to convert a power of two of something, when it threw a syntax error on me because the power operator (like "2^6") was not known. It turned out that I was accidentally not using the units(1) from my Linux VM, but the one on my Mac's native terminal, which according to the manpage dates back to 1991. Apple has literally not gotten around to updating their units for 25 years. I see the educational value in building a compiler to C if you want to introduce people to parsing, AST transformations, visitor pattern etc. But a lot of interesting parts about a compiler are lost when you compile to a high-level language instead of machine code: code selection (to a large extent), register allocation, operation scheduling. Doing a compiler backend right is much more challenging than doing a compiler frontend right, which is why tutorials usually skip it, and also why people are so grateful for LLVM, which gives a common compiler backend for about every platform imaginable. If you want a binary executable, yes. But that's sort of a tautology: If a program produces some output (like C source code or a binary), you usually run it because you intend to do something with its output later (like compile it or interpret it, or execute it on the machine if it's a binary). So next week, I'd like to see a "Super Tiny Operating System" on the frontpage. No, I didn't notice the movement you describe. But the color wheel's content appears to grow and shrink the slightest bit when I move my head towards it and away from it, respectively. Probably a halo effect. The problem is that mathematical notations can vary from topic to topic, from university to university, even from office to office inside a university department, even within the same lecture of a single professor. (Been there: "Notation will be different in this chapter since I've copied it from another author's paper.") > I have friends who are in the IT industry, making good money, and who are genuinely ashamed of how much money they make. Not just them. I feel the same when I hear that I earn more on my 28-hour-a-week job than my brothers working full-time as civil engineers (including night shifts and lots of overtime). > The US Federal Budget is $3.8 trillion. There is no way tax not being paid in Panama is coming even close to the $3.6 tn they mention. 1. The 3.6tn figure is for the whole world. The US will only be a chunk of that, although probably a large chunk. 2. Why do you not consider these numbers plausible? On what factual basis can you dispute that the US is not in fact missing out on, say, 20-40% of their possible tax income because of tax evasion? A world where crime is not possible might be psychologically devastating for a large amount of people. Assuming a somewhat symmetrical distribution of competence, about 50% of people will be less competent than average. Many of these people will need someone to blame for their failure, and usually it's "these guys over there don't play fair!!!". Imagine a world where these people are faced with conclusive proof that they just suck at what they're doing. > This is the theorized win-win with LVT: there is encouragement to develop otherwise-idle land. That's only a win-win if you don't value nature very highly. LVT sounds like it would force even faster destruction of invaluable biospheres like rainforests. Here's the same video on the CCC's site, where they won't track you: https://media.ccc.de/v/cccamp11-4591-financing_the_revolutio... > Why would, say, a farming robot care whether someone is "freeloading" off its labor? The obvious rebuttal is that someone has to build and maintain the farming robot, so this is the guy whom you would be freeloading of. On a more general note: The concept of property only ever arises because of scarcity. For example, you wouldn't describe yourself as owning the air in your apartment, since there is ample air. A diver, on the other hand, would definitely declare ownership in the air in your air bottle. So how can we implement a post-scarcity society? My best guess would be to work on affordable technology that makes basic things like water, food, clothes or internet access not scarce anymore. > The fee for not paying a fine on time can be a weekend stint in jail, whereby you will get charged for room and board. looks at this in complete puzzlement I'm constantly amazed at just how broken the US system is in almost every possible way. And just for the record, there is no such thing as payday loans in Europe. At the very least not in Germany. The first time I heard of these was when John Oliver did a segment on them. Seconded. I live in a housing cooperative in Germany (the biggest one in the state actually), and as far as I'm informed, the main reason for their low rents is that they fully own their buildings, whereas most private property owners need to pay off their property credits, and corporate property owners additionally need to generate profit for their shareholders. This is not to say that the housing cooperative does not generate a modest profit, which is then used to build new affordable housing, or to modernize existing properties for modern energy efficiency laws. > So this is a first challenge to AR being something we carry all the day like a mobile. The fact that it looks cool to a few techies doesn't warrant wide adoption. This fits with the article hinting at smartphone capabilities being integrated in AR/VR headsets. I would like a device that looks like normal glasses but can display images on the inside of the glasses to create an AR or VR experience when the user wishes to do so. Like Google Glass, but not as obnoxious. If that thing can replace my smartphone, sign me up. (The most important feature would be an easily triggered silent mode where it does not pop notifications into my eyesight while I'm socializing or focussing.) Firefox 45.0.1 on Arch Linux running KDE Plasma 5.6 on X here. The font renders fine for me.