The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues. In my experience, they're available as soon as WBEZ finishes airing them for the first time. They don't have battery backups? The rate card can change as often as the ratings are released. From an "old media" perspective, pricing is pretty volatile. I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to accomplish, but the USPS TIGER database can (sometimes) be useful in this area: http://zip4.usps.com/ncsc/addressmgmt/tiger.htm It depends.. if they're issuing /64's, they're actually issuing networks, not host addresses anymore. I'd rather not have my entire network be renumbered every 6 hours when my DHCP updates. Precisely.. I'd also like to know under what circumstances this would actually be used, and be a useful safety feature to have implemented. At the very least, there should be a significant warning in the cockpit when "dual input" mode is active. That is an incredibly dangerous "feature." What? The attackers had an easier time because hijackings didn't usually involve flying into a building / killing everyone on board. Prior to 9/11 most hijackings were about taking hostages, flying to a friendly country, then awaiting your ransom. As a passenger, your job was just to sit tight, don't do anything stupid, and wait for the resolution. The hijackers didn't have to socially engineer anything, they just relied on the assumptions of the time. After 9/11, passengers got more aggressive. The shoe bomber and the underwear bomber were shut down and restrained by alert passengers. I would typically agree with you; but the thing that I have really enjoyed in the transition to iproute2 is that ip handles all of: link state, address configuration, arp, tunnels, routing, transformation and a few other obscure things. It brings these together into one tool and unifies the argument syntax for all of them, I find it much easier to play with the network stack using 'ip'. If it's about violations, or money, I can't strictly tell; it's one of those things that depends on who you talk to: http://lwn.net/Articles/475901/ That they use the money for "good things" is great; however, if you're trying to get greater compliance then perhaps this approach is flawed. If they're placing too high a monetary value on non-compliance with the license, then you could easily see why these companies would push back and seek these types of alternatives; or flat out deny the use of (L)GPL software in their products entirely. In the end, this is probably the opposite of what the SFC intended and may result in the loss of their greatest legal tool. I think the problem is that you honestly believe that he was genuinely telling people that they should die. It's an expression, and not terribly uncommon, either. Leadership doesn't require politeness. Fairness is probably what you really want. Sorry to be snarky; but, compare $0 (Audacity) to $225 (reaper), $500 (cubase), $600 (vegas), $130 (Propellerheads). Not an uncommon story, I suspect.. but, Roger? You can.. at least I do with UPS all the time. It's called "hold for pickup." You put your name and phone number on the package, but use the address of the UPS shipping facility itself. When the box arrives there, they give me a call, let me know it's waiting, and that I have 5 days to come pick it up. Yea.. I do have to drive to pick it up, but at least I'm not at the mercy of the driver's schedule. Once it's there, I can get it when it's convenient for me. I see his argument.. but why not just partner with ISPs? If HBO doesn't want my $8 directly, then why not let AT&T (or whoever) charge me an extra $8/mo along with my DSL (or whatever) bill and get HBOGO? It would be nearly identical to their current model, but with different types of subscriber organizations distributing their content for them. I'll wait and see how Netflix does on producing original content; HBO seems really good at it. Over the years they've shot some amazing shows and the product speaks for itself. Even though I am a current Netflix subscriber I would still easily add HBOGO to my monthly bills for premium access to their content. Also.. their largest carriers also serve a lot of cable internet, for most it wouldn't be adding a competition so much as adding another way to get at subscribers money. I'm not so sure they would be in a huge rush to drop them. I wonder if it be possible to utilize something like the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interplanetary_Transport_Networ... to get to the edge of the solar system with low energy requirements, and then burn the engines when you're out near Neptune? Maybe I'm missing something, but why would you patch SSH instead of just using something like pam_mysql and nscd? Why should the browser be required to deal with this? They used javascript to build up a giant page, why don't they use the same facilities to cull the parts of the page that have already scrolled off the top of the screen? Everyone wants rich apps in the browser, but no one wants to pay the price of it. So.. does that mean that we committed "acts of war" without any congressional approval when we unleashed Flame and Stuxnet on our "enemies?" It wasn't even clear this was a slide deck until I looked at the URL. RFC6296 (NPTv6) makes a reasonable case for address independence and points out some issues with PI. http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6296#section-1.1 I'm not anywhere near the firewall team, but my company seems to struggle with blocking these services quite a bit. In particular, google drive is very hard to block: they use HTTPS and they don't have a fixed set of addresses that the service is delivered from. Their solution? Add a GPO to all our windows machines to force a '127.0.0.1 drive.google.com' entry into all the HOSTS files on our network. Moving away from proprietary standards, to open ones, is a declaration of war? Wow. Could it be that Google is tired of paying to license a technology that has free alternatives? Especially considering that they will keep the proprietary option for its paying customers; this seems very likely. That's what this seems to be, I've even noticed that the first ring may even sound a bit different from subsequent rings. I think the first layer ring is the actual call setup being attempted across the cellular network. Once the receiving phone is located and receives the signal that a call is incoming, you begin to hear the second layer ring. The dial tone actually ends after the first digit is dialed. However, this is a significant digit, especially for older equipment. If you pressed 0, you would get the operator immediately. No phone numbers could begin with zero. If you pressed 1, you would be connected to a long distance trunk and an area code would then be expected. No local prefixes could begin with 1. If you pressed any other number it was a local call. Also, on analog networks, maximum modem speed was 56kbps. 64k was the theoretical maximum, but the FCC placed limits on the amount of power you could have in certain frequency bands on the line -- hence 56k was the maximum speed. On a purely digital network, like ISDN, you could receive 64kbps on each channel. No, she used the distortion to decode the specific subcarrier that holds the RDS information. This had nothing to do with the decryption, as the data decoded at this step would include regular RDS/RDBS data along with the _encrypted_ TMS data. The decryption is performed in a second step. The reason she had to do it this way is because most radios do not provide a convenient way to get at the subcarrier data. Only if the OCR couldn't process it, although the OCR has gotten a lot better so the "Remote Encoding Centers" see a lot less volume. You could always tell when your mail failed the OCR in the past because it would have a faint orange barcode printed on it -- this was used to track it through the human encoding system at the RECs. I wouldn't be that sure. The NSA made DES _more_ secure in the 1970s by influencing IBMs design of the S-Boxes, regular cryptography research didn't even discover this until 1992. This means that the NSA understood differential cryptanalysis 22 years before non-NSA researchers did. Their ability to brute force is meaningless if they have techniques to obviate it's necessity. This seems to take the long way around. I wonder why they didn't consider just using the firewall to control network traffic; unless you really need your applications to be completely unaware of IPv6, but so far, I've not experienced that problem. Also, requiring root privileges for launch is a bit of a burden in some use-case scenarios. EAS has so many weaknesses, I'd actually qualify this as the least worrisome. The way we deploy any computerized equipment that is a part of our air-chain includes firewalls and only allowing connections to the necessary servers for CAP type alerts. Every EAS receiver is typically monitoring other stations in the area for EAS relay. We actually have a tuner tuned to another station in the market and if we hear an EAS alert go across the air on their station we simply relay it. Due to the FM capture effect, it's _very_ easy to attack this channel; especially because there's _zero_ authentication on these incoming "relay" messages. Even worse, some types of messages are setup for "national relay." This system was tested recently to ensure that a message could be relayed like this from one end of the country to the other -- and yes, it can. So, if you construct the right type of message, you can have it broadcast over _every_ station in america. Except the mouse doesn't know exactly where it is on the screen, or how it's concept of CPI (counts per inch) relates to pixels on the screen. Mid-Range Estimates: Engine: 300 to 450 pounds Transmission: 120 to 140 pounds Gas Tank: 20 to 25 pounds Radiator: 20 to 30 pounds So, roughly 460 to 645 pounds. Add 110 pounds for 15 gallons of gas. The comparison is a little more difficult than this though, because the batteries just store energy. The Model S still has a (416hp) motor, there are a few other differences (regenerative vs standard brakes) and equivalencies (inverter vs alternator). A Chevy 383 can make about 400hp+ in about 620 pounds. If we choose all our numbers for comparable cars that are highly in favor of the Tesla, we're still only likely going to match the weight of the Tesla's battery pack alone. The Model S curb weight is 4,647 pounds. A Cadillac STS, which is 5" narrower but very nearly the same in every other dimension as the Model S is only 3,922 pounds. That leaves the Model S 725 pounds heavier, still quite a bit of difference. Fortunately, microcode updates are not persistent across boots. To do that it would require some type of persistent memory on the CPU itself. You could open the chip and look for memory of this type, it requires certain special features to operate, and they're somewhat easy to pick out of a chip shot. There's also an engineering reason to avoid doing this: persistent memory cells based on silicon have a limited number of write cycles. With current materials in the CMOS manufacturing process; to be a little nitpicky. Specifically, it was extended to 1522 bytes in 802.3ac. I think they're more concerned with their reputation and the perception of their internal practices and controls, and most importantly the value of their "technology." Just read the second and third sentence of Goldman's reply. Wasn't he doing this for the entire time he was employed at Goldman? They only checked _after_ he decided to leave? To #3: how many exploits do you think you can fit in 383kB? That being the amount of free memory in his BIOS dump. Even assuming that you could find unused space inside other modules then how many exploits could fit even in 4MB? To me it depends; a simple exploit, sure. The air-gapped ip over bare audio seems like it would take a fair amount of processing on its own, unless the system libraries provide signal analysis functions. Also, unless it can just decode raw bits and somehow shuffle them to the network layer of one of the existing adapters you're going to need quite a bit of code to handle that part of it as well. The less energy you use to lift the weight, the more time it takes to move that weight; if it takes you 10 times as long to generate the energy as it does to use it, then you're going to need massive generation capacity to get anything appreciable happening in a reasonable time frame. Gold is rare. Gold is used for things. You can argue about the _scale_ of the value, and whether or not current market conditions truly reflect the value of an ounce of gold, but that does not remove the fact that it is an actual resource, limited in availability and has practical uses in and of itself. Sure, but it still has no utility on it's own. Interesting point though, because it brings up a weakness of bitcoin in general; the same weakness that got us off the gold standard in the first place. It can also be viewed directly in the 'psql' shell with '\df'. According to the UPC it is a PSCBLU-025003, which is marketed as the Satellite C855-S5343. I don't see the UPC being associated with any other product. Entering this information into the warranty information page on Toshiba instead states it was purchased Feb 24th 2013, and the warranty expires on Feb 24, 2014. It's better than SysV init, but there are a dozen other init's out there, all with different properties. Not everyone cares about "linux on the desktop," and not everyone thinks that freedesktop.org is doing the best job as far as that goes either. I'm not trying to be snarky here; but systemd is hosted on freedesktop.org, is it not? That is its primary place of development as well, no? Admittedly, I've always associated systemd as a project as part of this nebulous "effort" to bring linux on the desktop forward. I also assumed that's why they went to the trouble to integrate systemd into dbus so heavily. I have read some of Lennart's essays -- but I generally strongly disagree with his conclusions, so I haven't been paying attention for a while. I think his solutions are over complicated and rely on too much impenetrable technology to actually save me any time. The arguments have been made elsewhere, so I won't go into it that deeply, but I think departure from the "unix way" is folly and will only make administration more difficult. As far as getting used to it goes; this is still unix. I can still install whatever initd I like after the fact. Which I do. Yes, this means I have to do more work than I would have to do if I relied on vendor packages, but we generally use custom packages for all our critical services anyways. Since we're going to have to deal with it whether or not we're using systemd, and we're already rolling out a non-standard initd to our distributions, we don't feel we have to make any investment in learning systemd. Well.. Lennart points this out, then walks right past it. The problem isn't the init, or the boot process, or any of that. The problem is the reliance on 'fstab'. This is where Lennart/Freedesktop kill me; rather than notice that the underlying mechanism should be replaced, they figure they should just build a better mousetrap on top of it. If you want to make linux more "desktopy" without screwing around too much with stupid initd decisions, then fix some of these broken underlying mechanisms. Unless he's really suggesting that my big problem is that my /usr partition might be on a removable device. daemontools has the best philosophy for this in my opinion: just start the service. If the prerequisites are unavailable, the service will just terminate. If that happens, wait one second, then try start again. It's perfect. No stupid 5 minute timeout like sysvinit, no stupid dependency management like systemd/upstart, very little to consider when adding new services. If you want to use it as your init.. just look into 'runit-init'. I've been using this for 4+ years, and it's fantastic. It's a design that's iterated over many decades, and it hasn't always been easy for them; the payment network is huge. Plus, if you think security is bad now, remember that before this we were writing checks for most transactions. At least with credit cards I can discover fraud usually the same day it occurs, and they are far more convenient that checks ever were -- as someone who has used both, I'm not all that bothered by the current state of the system. NAT64? It's still an absolute mess. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NAT64 : "Not everything is accessible with NAT64, such as SIP, Skype, MSN, and sites with IPv4 literals.[a] However, 464XLAT RFC 6877,[3] which uses NAT64, allows for such protocols over ipv6 only connections." Some people make the following distinction: when pronounced as a word, it's an acronym. If it's not, then it's an initialism. Offer free copies yourself. Degrade the quality, embed advertising and maintain a solid back catalog. That kid? No, the enemy is the people who hired him, gave him no oversight, had no auditing or controls on internal information and encouraged him to continually exceed his authority. Include the team of shameless government managers, many who swore an oath to uphold and defend the constitution, turning this operation and all these databases over to a third party and these kids. The fact that this was released to the "Computer History Museum" was apparently missed or not understood by the majority of the audience. I've brought up the S-Box strengthening several times before, but it's important to note that the NSA pushed IBM to reduce the key length in DES. IBM wanted 64 bits, NSA wanted 48, and we all got 56 as a compromise; not entirely egalitarian work. These people are also isolated from the internal agency narrative, I imagine that can help quite a bit. They're fucking around well beyond PID 1. Default binary log formats. This odd binary messaging bus with god awful reverse domain names, a shifting binary protocol format that injects itself into the kernels standard text-based messaging formats. I find the whole dependency system completely bizarre, because to truly implement it, you have to hook into _everything_ and make it part of this odd binary mess they've created above. I really don't understand the route they are taking, I see the system becoming less capable and more fragile with this type of engineering being encouraged. ISO 9660 is 2352 bytes, actually. The logical size is 2048 bytes, but the other bytes are needed for error correction and other headers. If they're all recording sound, then an automatic alignment using "impulse" audio incidents might be able to work. Just a more advanced version of the "clapperboard" technique from early cinema. That is, if the cameras even have that much jitter or drift at the recording framerate used. Well.. if it hadn't been for the cock-sucking bubble in the 90s, they might be alright today. For commodity resistors, sure. There are high-performance resistors though, and they are usually packaged with a manufacturers mark (e.g. some of Vishay's line). Also, the resistance of the resistor is only part of what I care about when I specify the part. Temperature co-efficient and the technology behind the manufacture can matter quite a bit -- and those are harder to test. On some platforms, malloc(3) and free(3) are implemented in terms of mmap(2) and munmap(2). Which means, if you go beyond your buffer space, you'll end up in an unmapped page and cause a SIGSEGV or end up in NULL data. Since they used the freelist/malloc wrappers, they avoided this trap. Plus, IMO, if you're implementing a freelist, you're implementing 80% of what a malloc is anyways. It's _mostly_ freelist handling, the only way to add memory to a process aside from mmap(2) is setbrk(2). There's no way to give memory back, so they only thing left for a malloc implementation to do is create a freelist to reissue memory previously freed. You can say you're still backed by malloc(3) if you want, but you're only getting the setbrk(2) handling and throwing away everything else it's trying to provide you. What I was trying to convey is that if you say "I'll just implement a better freelist" you're really just fooling yourself. What you are doing is re-implementing most of malloc on top of malloc, poorly. If would have been better if they had gone whole-hog with a malloc library and built it from the ground up for their specific purposes instead of half-assed "freelist speedhacks." The 8080 had a 16bit address bus, though; which is what I always assumed was meant by referring to a machine by it's "bit count." I believe you would use it to determine a random outgoing port to use to contact the DNS server; this prevents spoofing. However, the port space is only 16-bits, so how you map the outputs of the MT into that space would have the biggest impact -- but you're right that's it's probably best to avoid it entirely. It depends largely on the type of blast, an air blast, which is the most destructive to property and buildings is the least contaminating in it's effects; e.g. Hiroshima and Nagasaki. However, if you let the bomb detonate very close the surface, you get less destruction in terms of the blast, but you get insanely high radiation levels for a long time afterwards. Analogous to Chernobyl. It's a little scary, but this particular attack is only viable against AES-128, and to a lesser extent AES-192. Using the full number of rounds in AES-256 makes cache timing attacks much less likely to succeed. For right now, it does not matter. Their goal is to fix the project from a security point of view, and it would be impossible if they tied their hands with that during the course of development. In the future, you can expect the same deal as OpenSSH, OpenNTPD and all the other OpenBSD software that _eventually_ gets ported to other architectures when it reaches a point of stability and safety that it makes sense to do so. Not right away, it will just be slightly less accurate. Ignoring all other sources of errors, for extremely high precision work you still might want to correct for the relativistic difference in time between the satellite and the surface; but in a post-apocalypse setting, I don't think you'll mind the small drifts. There's still plenty of other maintenance, like delta-v maneuvers that need to get done or the system will eventually fail. Likely within a year. It was sequential but bank-addressed. The AGC had it's own assembly language[1] and was a pretty recognizable general purpose computer[2] for it's time. 1: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... 2: http://authors.library.caltech.edu/5456/1/hrst.mit.edu/hrs/a... There are other benefits. It's a federal crime to tamper with US Postal mail or private mailboxes. It's also a federal crime to commit fraud by using the USPS. It's somewhat like fax, there are differential legal protections in place that make it a preferred service for certain scenarios. Well, he built his empire on Emitter Coupled Logic. He didn't have the limitations of CMOS to deal with and so parallelism wasn't as necessary for continued computational power. The jury made a number of findings in the case, one of which was that the warning on the cup wasn't large enough nor sufficient enough to convey the dangers of the temperature of coffee that they serve. I'm sure they also took into consideration that Stella Liebeck originally asked for $20,000 for damages and had tried to negotiate several times before the case went to trial; she clearly went to some length to avoid this. What warning difference? It's hard to find any definitive answers, but the case happened in 1992. Based upon my own recollections, this was the time where every fast-food chain started putting warnings on everything. McDonald's even added warnings to their hot apple pies and other "served hot" foods. Would Liebeck have acted differently? That's not the objective of the jury in this case, especially considering that McDonald's conceded that their warnings were likely inadequate. To the extent that it is relevant, the jury did find Stella Liebeck 20% at fault for the accident and so the damage award was adjusted accordingly. I don't know why, but I felt compelled to make it spin. http://jsfiddle.net/X53Ju/7/ I've switched to 'most' instead. You can use to scroll left and right in the document. From http://www.axionpower.com/Technology : "Our test protocol requires a complete charge-discharge cycle every 7 hours to a 100% depth of discharge. During testing, our laboratory prototypes have withstood more than 2,500 cycles before failure. In comparison, most lead-acid batteries designed for deep discharge applications can only survive 400 to 600 cycles under these operating conditions." The interesting part about their batteries isn't the lifespan, it's the lifespan under 100% depth of discharge. You can easily get around 2k cycles out of a flooded cell lead-acid battery, but you can only go down to 60% discharge and you must carefully monitor the battery chemistry to get prolonged lifespan. Along with it's high current capacity, this would make it an interesting battery for renewable energy storage more than anything else. It's too bad they don't have a solid datasheet for their product yet. I'd like to see their figures for internal resistance, self discharge and performance over typical operating temperature ranges. Until we get to see this data, it's hard to say if this will be a profitable product. Serious question: are you sure you'd actually be happier? I like efficiency as much as the next guy, but that doesn't mean that I'm looking forward to companies more efficiently marketing to me. Especially if it's going to be constant. It can go both ways. When I was researching for the next car I was going to buy, I started getting a _ton_ of car advertisements; however, most of them were useless. What their simple algorithm failed to notice is that I was looking at a very specific class of cars, and I spent more than 1 hour on several manufacturers websites doing research and had mostly narrowed in on my choice. The proper move would be to see that and advertise different dealerships to me, but I only got ads for other cars that I already decided I _didn't_ want. Also, I like to research, in general. Which means I can often come across and get deeply into some very odd subjects and it seems there are some odd correlations out there in society. For example, after doing a bunch of research on different world religions and their origin stories, I started getting ads for the Mormon church, and strangely, for all types of gambling websites, destinations and attractions. None of this advertising was of any use. Also, isn't that one of the yet unrealized capabilities of a drone? You can have a control unit embedded with the forward observer so they can directly control the drone. Depending on their design you could have them land at the nearest FOB or directly at the line and re-arm it as desired. It doesn't have to have weapons control, even. If it's limited to an "AI scout" role it could just loiter around, find potential targets and flag them for a human operator. If the targets are reviewed to be valuable enough you could take manual control and fly an assault mission. That's the inherent risk of using a third party to host "your account" on a proprietary system. I have sympathy for all these artists, I truly do, but what were they expecting? Well, that and the fact that they didn't pay for the item in the first place. Any arbitrage beyond that is just cream on top of the price of the item anyways. It's worth pointing out that those numbers are of _ideal_ RPM and ideal power draw, real world results will vary significantly. Not quite. The current IPv6 global unicast table is a bit of a poorly planned mess. http://www.iana.org/assignments/ipv6-unicast-address-assignm... In 2006 they also gave ARIN a /23 and APNIC a /20. Then, one month later they expanded some previous RIR allocations into /12's; separate from the previous two allocations I mentioned. They are also allocated in a seemingly random order throughout 2000::/3, which they've decided to constrain their allocations to for some reason. To the point that the linux documentation project still recommends the following as an ipv6 default route example: /sbin/ip -6 route add 2000::/3 via 2001:0db8:0:f101::1 Yea.. it's /workable/, but a lot of decisions with respect to IPv6 feel like wasted opportunities that have only slowed adoption and promoted general confusion. Is 'extern "C"' still a thing to avoid name mangling? Some C++ features are easier not to use than others. So, what happens when they hit 21m bitcoin and mining no longer offers a reward? I think the big problem with semver is point 2 in their summary: "MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner" That may make sense for very large software projects or operating systems where backwards compatibility is a huge concern, but it's not a good fit for the majority of software projects. This is especially true when these projects aren't compiled and thus don't even have an ABI to worry about. This view on versioning I think comes from a time when most software was compiled and when compiling that software would take a _long_ time or require downtime; thus protecting ABI compatibility was worth the effort. For modern projects that are in an interpreted language, I think constraining the middle version number to "non-breaking" changes is silly as it's copying a concern that no longer applies. It forces you to choose between "bug-fix" and "feature" releases and pace your project development in a rigid fashion that may not make much sense. Also, I think it's ridiculous to require anything other than big-fix releases to be non-breaking in the first place. If 1.6.x worked for you, why are you even trying to use 1.7.x if not to access new features? If that's the case, you're going to be editing your code again anyways. Worrying about a release manager automatically pulling a 1.7 codebase to upgrade a 1.6 codebase is silly; why is the package manager doing this in the first place? Don't we? I thought this was just called "static linking." Well.. this is a black market with no ability to self-regulate. So, the prices are going to be incredibly low compared to their everyday value; to be a bit crude, these are crackhead prices. It seems like they really wanted to push multicast as a "first-class" mode of the protocol, and by weaving it into the core of IPv6 they've forced everyone to have a somewhat exercised implementation of it in their stack. From "New Jersey's Further Reply," this part caught my eye: "For example, Mr. Fakhoury's Certification describes how Plaintiff discovered that the Division issued subpoenas to the New Jersey Coded Websites, Plaintiff's state of mind upon discovering this information, and Plaintiff's decision to send an email to its entire list of users." WhatsApp is highly price-competitive with the native offerings, particularly in the markets where it is most popular. It also benefits from wide cross platform and cross network availability. While the UI for Talko might be slick, there are already very similar and competitive offerings to Talko that operate on multiple platforms (e.g. Voxer) that have failed to take any market share the way Talko apparently hopes to. If they're going to be successful, it will boil down to marketing more than anything. Storage overhead. The loopback device is still a block device, if you skip this step, you don't have to waste the block overhead when storing a file that's smaller than the block size. If you're going to store a large number of small-sized files, this fuse sql bridge could be a win. I agree that the current Formula E pit stops look absolutely silly; however, considering that refueling has been allowed in some F1 seasons, would you accept a battery-swap style pit stop? The access to a large back catalog of CBS shows is, for me, a worthwhile feature. http://www.lysator.liu.se/c/bwk-on-pascal.html It's a hobby horse by this point, but it makes it clear that the Pascal of 30 years ago is not the Pascal of today. The same can be said of C. These languages have evolved to be where they are today, mostly because hardware has evolved to be where it is today. Castigating past decisions as laziness really seems to be ignorant of this process, what it involved, and why it was necessary to make the decisions that we have up until now. Engineering, on the whole, is the art of compromise. How is that a win? You've frustrated criminals for all of about 5 minutes. Further, you've alerted them to potential problem areas to avoid in the future. Congratulations, you've just made a smarter criminal. It also doesn't help that the FBI is a public institution and is required to respond to FOIA requests. The FBI does way more damage when it swings and misses than simply not doing anything at all. > And yes, many times, it's a square. Are you sure? In my experience, it depends on the context, but the pixels themselves are _not_ always of equal height:width ratio. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixel_aspect_ratio I'm not trying to take the piss here, but why would you use a real-time protocol to stream to an archive? And why SDR instead of a dedicated tuner/decoder? "And yes, many times, ... " I took it to mean, "yes, many times over." As in, without a doubt, all pixels are square. My error. > You probably know this, but repne movsb is actually a fairly slow approach to copying data compared to the various SSE assembly implementations that libc and friends have. That used to be the case. As is mentioned, modern processors have fixed the 'rep' prefix to be much faster. Under linux, if your /proc/cpuinfo shows 'rep_good' in the flags section, then your CPU is of this newer class. If they're worth printing under your masthead, then yes. 1) It's a decent one-shot coffee maker. 2) You can buy reusable cups[1]. [1]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0051SU0OW Personally, I think qbittorrent is a better general suggestion. http://www.qbittorrent.org/ Yes, but it starts with the premise that these are alternatives. If anything, I think these are things that are good in _addition_ to our current system, but as a replacement I think it's a bit of a pipe dream. Further, I take issue with the whole notion of the United States being a society "dominated by the police." It looks like we have just the right amount[1], so it seems to me that the issue is lack of training, accountability and open reporting combined with effective police review that are likely to be our problems. 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_number_of_... I don't mean to be flip, but police do not have the power to imprison people; it's Juries and Judges do that. You would, at minimum, need a new interface framing and command format; as it is, something needs to handle the SATA commands on the other end of the bus and translate them to operate the flash. This would likely require new interface ICs on motherboards and PCI cards to handle this, either that, or you run everything over USB3.0 (which is only 5GB/s). You're missing the context. Susan Thunder is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_Headley . She was a prostitute. She was an adversarial figure in the phreaking scene at the time. I'm not saying it's right or wrong, but this is a small slice of a much larger scene. Really it's a bunch of people trying to impress and out-do each other. "Dave Starr", "Susan Thunder", and "Roscoe Dupran" tangled with each other through almost any format available to them. Here's more old-school sources of all this rivalry: http://www.flyingsnail.com/missingbbs/ http://phrack.org/issues/10/2.html Hmm.. never seen it done that way. The typical way[1] is to view the difference of phase rather than frequency. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goniometer_%28audio%29 It's not really the vehicles. It's the loading docks, the fueling stations, the truck scales and all the rest of the infrastructure that supports trucking. All of those are going to need to have "automated truck" support as well, not to mention, when an 18 wheeler blows out a tire, you need some skills to bring the truck to a successful stop, but even more skills and equipment to effect the repair. Mining operations are easier because they work on their own property and aren't required to mix with other passenger vehicles. I know you said "eventually," but I suspect that it's going to take at least 50 years before we're anywhere even close. > True, but that's skill most drivers don't have. [...] after major failures (quadcopters with 3 props, planes with 1 wing) that humans can't handle. These are decent examples, but don't most of them only account for the safeyy of the controlled vehicle itself? I mean, it's impressive that a quad copter can land itself after a partial failure, but can it do it over a crowded city? With a hazardous load? Can the control software understand NFPA 704 of it's own cargo, plus the cargo of other vehicles near it and make appropriate decisions? All of this possibly near the maximum weight ratings for it's transportation type? I'm _all_ for automation, and I think it's the next most logical direction of our society; however, I think people tend to underestimate the totality of challenges involved especially for cargo transport. > Do they? If you want them to be economically competitive, then yes. The largest current expense is the driver salary, mostly due to the low quality of the working conditions and extended stays away from your "home." If you're still carting people around in the truck, then you will have a difficult time competing with large personnel and technology expenses. What I'm trying to suggest is that a fully automated nation-wide delivery service is going to be exceptionally difficult and will take a long time. This is mostly from the perspective of OTR/long-haul transportation. You'll likely see faster adoption on smaller scales such as in-city delivery services like grocery delivery and the like. It will blossom outward from there but it's still going to be a very long process. If your logistics operation allows for that, sure; most do not. You want to do as much work with as little miles as is possible, so turning the trucks over quickly is important. > What I mean by that is if the most cost effective big rig truck gets say 10MPG then that cost gets built into the market rate. If a new truck design gets 15MPG and costs more you can figure out the costs vs what's out on the market and see if it's an improvement. I see your point, but that's a particularly poor example. Most shippers will pass the fuel costs as a "fuel surcharge" on to the customer. If you're an owner/operator, this is the most lucrative part of the business, and is really the whole reason to be an O&O in the first place. Trucking is just a really strange business. If you ignore their enforcement letters, then yes, they can come and just confiscate your equipment; not an uncommon end for a "pirate" FM station operator. > if you try to run Mac or Linux software on it, people laugh at you like you're insane. We make good use of cygwin at our workplace. While it's not a perfect solution, it's very easy to install and use. It's incredibly useful to run linux/unix applications "inside" a windows environment. As has been mentioned, the boilers themselves do not heat up that quickly; however, you _also_ have to mix the pulverized coal with hot air and then pump it into the firebox for combustion. If you're coming up from a cold start, you're going to need to pre-heat the air, probably with electricity and/or natural gas. With this in mind, it's not so much that they don't generate power right away, it's that they don't generate enough power to overcome the cost of their initial inputs. From a power plant perspective, you aren't "started" until your output power is larger than your input power. They may have added the functionality by now, but when I worked on the system, it only encoded the destination address. They don't take pictures of the mail for fun or for tracking, it's purely for sorting. You want all the mail in a letter carriers truck to go into the truck in the order it's going to be delivered in for efficiency. So the system was in one of two modes, destination address coding or return address coding. Which mode it was in was determined by the mail processing plant itself. Also, it only photographed letters that did not have a presorted barcode printed on them. If it already had a barcode it just got sorted immediately. I'm not sure what there really is to tap into here. This is sort of a dumb question, but why develop omnidirectional treadmills instead of omnidirectional footwear? Small nit: S-1-5-18 is the SID+RID for "NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM". S-1-5 is just the "NT AUTHORITY" prefix. I2C clock-stretching is also a weird thing to have to have to engineer around. > But, I'm not about to toss out the legal system because a criminal had a shitty time in court. Fuck this guy. I don't think anyone is suggesting anything other than reform of how we prosecute laws in this country, there is an obvious imbalance at play here and cases like this highlight the problem. Second.. sure, fuck that guy; but what about his family? His children? The community? Just because you put one person in jail does not mean that suffering and loss ends there. What is the function of the justice system? To fulfill our base needs for revenge? Or is it a tool to improve society? If it's the latter, then "fuck that guy" is not a useful response. The children who are going to grow up without a father, yea, I'm thinking about them. Who's going to raise them? A single mother, if they're lucky. Think she's going to have an easy time re-marrying with an ex-con husband? How about getting a good job in the era of background checks? Think she was highly educated to begin with? Taxpayers at large are going to foot most of bill for this domestic disaster. Further, these children are now more likely to end up in jail themselves. Now society gets to pay another $30,000 a year per child to house, feed and care for another inmate. This isn't strictly touchy-feely stuff here, there's a hard cost to society when you jail people without any thoughts towards true justice. It's stupid, ineffective and perverse. > but what about the real kind? You mean the kind of child abuse that's been occurring for centuries before we even thought up the electron? Or are just worried about how these images of abuse end up getting distributed? If it's the latter, then fine, censor the internet. If it's the former, you're going to need a more comprehensive plan. > On the whole, however, I agree with the initial point about how the peripheral economies built around servicing human truck drivers on their routes will take a hit. I'm thinking of all the towns on the way to Watertown from Minneapolis that would probably evaporate if they didn't have the trucks running the daily on the 212. Are they going to stop the trucks? Are self driving trucks going to be able to carry more load? Are we going to change highway rules to allow more than 80k pounds total weight for a single tractor/trailer? Are the trucks going to be electric or have vastly improved MPG? No. So there will still be the same amount of truck traffic as well as the same amount of fuel being sold in nearly the same locations. Perhaps restaurants will take a hit, but fuel and servicing will still be utilized for quite some time. > I'd imagine it would be profitable to install larger gas tanks in autonomous trucks. To a point. There are still limits on the total weight of the tractor and trailer (and fuel). So, the more you scale fuel, the less load you can carry. There is a tradeoff, and it's _not_ much more beneficial than where we are today. Considering most trucks take a 300 gallon load out already. That's already 2,600 lbs of fuel or 3% of your total weight limit. If we choose a low value for the average MPG, let's say 5, then those 300 gallons of fuel will get you 1,500 miles. If we choose a high value of 70 miles per hour average speed, then it will take you 21 hours to deplete your fuel. So, when I examine this, I don't see a case for much larger fuel tanks than we have today. The economics and realities of trucking are already very well thought out; more so than most people seem to believe. I've said it before, but short other technological advances and human needs, I think we're at least 20 years away from fully automated trucking. It's hard to say exactly, but the tractor usually weighs around 25000 lbs. You can probably save around 2000 to 3000 lbs of that. If you do remove the operator completely you're going to end up creating other jobs anyways, as now you're going to need people to respond to flat tires and other load issues, you're going to need marshalling yard with load masters, you're going to need more humpers at each location. This also ignores the case where loads are directly delivered to a customer. I work in radio broadcasting and the 53' box freight truck will drive straight to our transmitter site, even the ones up on mountains. There's _no_ driverless trailer that's going to do that and help unload the item. Also, since the transmitter is one of four destined for other customers, there would be no one to supervise us around other loads that we don't own and aren't covered for. So, you'd need to create secondary hubs that can handle these types of deliveries with smaller trucks, hence, more jobs. This is what I meant earlier, the logistics are really well nailed down. Owner operators of trailers make a lot of money because they solve a lot of problems all at once, are independent, and usually make a fuel surcharge so the price of gas impacts them far less. If you remove them, you're going to need a whole bunch of other infrastructure to replace what they do. The system is labor efficient already as computers have already impacted all the secondary parts such as freight bookers many years ago. Someone elsewhere mentioned companies making their own fuel dumps, which is _highly_ optimistic due to the way the current industry is arranged and the overhead and regulations involved in managing fuel tanks. Right now a dispatcher has software that can track their trucks with GPS, get fuel prices at all US locations from corporate fuel vendors, estimate current fuel volume on the truck and determine the optimal place for the driver to refuel along with the optimal amount for the driver to purchase. The message to the driver is usually communicated automatically through a message system installed in the cab, the driver can use the same system to communicate their actual mileage and fuel volume which gets factored back into everything. With newer trucks, the driver doesn't even need to input this information. Sorry for the ramble, but this industry is pretty complex already. I'm not sure having fully automated trucks is a near-term reality, nor am I sure that the companies involved are actually aiming for that. There will be a slow shift of _certain_ types of loads into full automation with the last mile being driven the way it currently is with a very gradual shift to full automation as technology advances to meet these secondary demands. He who controls the alfalfa controls the universe. It can never help you to be interviewed without an attorney present. It's probably been seen many times before, but I do enjoy this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc > unprivileged contractor like Snowden could find out It was my understanding that he was employed as a system administrator and had nearly unlimited access to NSA files. This is according to an unnamed NSA source in this piece: http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/12/16/an-nsa-... > I think credit should be given for the standards-based, open architecture approach. True, but then the decision to expose FPGAs as part of the programming interface was absolutely wacky. FPGAs are some of the most proprietary devices on the market, usually requiring a vendor toolchain to even produce working bitstreams for the devices. They defined the interface at the wrong level. They should have developed something like an MII interface and focused on open framing and message protocol formats rather than on open source waveform generators. > For a trillion dollars, you can overwhelm enemy air defenses with cheap, primitive drones in a saturation attack. For a few hundred dollars I can jam your communications channel(s) to the drones. Asymmetric warfare sucks. > The problem is that once we're talking tens of millions of dollars and up -- no, you can't. Sure. If you're willing to build a new GPS system, because that's decently jammable for cheap. Also are you proposing that all the drones will be individually piloted on missions as they are now? If so, I don't strictly have to jam the drones on the battlefield, I can just jam your satellite uplink or physically attack your operations centers. Add the cost of a plane ticket. So far, we haven't used these weapons against any military that could be considered our peers. I wouldn't be so confident in our operational deployments without anything to base it on. Why? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_steering#Electric_system... Plus, the vehicle can park for you. Clearly it has the raw hardware to allow for this. If you're having hardware memory issues, your system is already in an undefined and unstable state. If you send it a SIGTERM, it runs your shutdown scripts and reboots. If you send it a SIGKILL, your kernel will panic. As far as I remember, this isn't any different from init. The OOM killer will _never_ take PID 1. In runit all PID 1 has to do is run the service scanner. All that has to do is open directories and fork/exec the individual service managers. If it fails, it will try again in 1 second, forever. No complex logic needed. Just keep trying. In practice, it works surprisingly well. If the individual service managers fail to run the startup script, it will try again in 1 second, forever. It works very will for most situations, but you _can_ customize this behavior easily. This simplicity is really helpful in an actual emergency because you don't get emergent behavior, like init deciding that your service is flapping and holding it down for 5 minutes. Anecdotally, I've been using runit exclusively on all my systems (around 25 physical systems and 20-100 virtual ones depending) for at least 8 years now and I've never had a single issue. The biggest problem I have with the design is that it puts your log services in a second level "behind" your main services, so you can sometimes miss that your log service failed to startup for some reason. This can be a real pain if your service uses blocking IO for it's stdout/stderr logging as it can cause the service to hang seemingly without explanation. > As those threads say, many Unity games run well in other browsers, but since Chrome is dominant in the market (over 50%), poor Chrome performance makes Unity look bad. But this isn't Unity's fault. If your product runs poorly on the dominant market platform, then that _is_ your fault. Especially as Chrome provides source, a reasonable community centered around that source, and strong developer tools to allow third parties to achieve superior performance on their browser. It's understandable, but the Unity developers made a guess as to the future state of the market and that guess was wrong. There are 510 trillion square miles of surface area on the planet. Just.. imagine the logistical challenge of taking and storing these pictures, let alone the _process_ of obtaining them. It's almost impossible to achieve anything like a "snapshot" of the surface; because of this, it's almost useless for locating moving objects on the surface. You could, conceivably, completely miss the object in your imaging passes; or the satellite you have tasked for a particular ground track has an error in it's imaging sensor or downlink equipment, meaning you're missing a huge chunk of data for a while. You might also have to move the satellites around occasionally making imaging useless during these periods as well. Also.. there's night and weather. You can't always freely image the surface just because you have a camera pointed in that direction. These are just a small number of reasons that whole-earth real-time imaging is seriously difficult. Neither. It's just such a habit to type miles. I meant 510 trillion square _meters_, which google and wolfram alpha tell me is correct. In any case.. the reason I chose that is because that's probably close to a reasonable maximum single pixel resolution for tracking imagery. I wanted the scope of the problem to be obvious by choice of units; unfortunately, I screwed that part up. :( > I understand it's a big job, but that's why big governments have billion dollar budgets and toys. Also remember we have no need to take photos of the entire surface, only the Atlantic (and even then, only the North Atlantic right now) Yes.. but spending a billion dollars to save a few million is kind of silly, isn't it? > feel quite confident when images are taken their exact co-ordinates are known, so it can be quickly determined if you've "missed" a patch or if you have them all. Knowing you're missing data is one thing, but if you're _looking_ for a _moving_ object it can really set you back. You also then have to wait for that satellite, or another one on the same ground track to make the next pass. Most earth imaging satellites have a 90 minute orbital period. Even then, the earth is spinning, so you can't get back to the _exact_ spot very easily (if at all). Still confident this is easy? > I feel quite certain they've tested these things extensively, and they're not going find some previously unknown bug while looking for a ship in the ocean. They work properly. You can't image from geosynchronous orbit. I mean, you can, but it's pointless. You need a polar orbit. These orbits aren't stable. You need to adjust them (seriously, sign up for the GPS update list and see how often they have to be adjusted and moved). Also, "they work properly." Clearly you're not an engineer. Things work properly until they don't. Which could be because of component failure, debris strike or you know, plain ole solar flares. These objects are in _space_. It sort of ups the bar. > thought most satellites were in orbits that make it possible to image almost the entire surface without moving them. As I said before, these orbits aren't perfectly stable. You need to boost and adjust and make movements. You may also want to put a new satellite in a slot where a previous satellite (with lessor technology) was. This all requires an insane amount of coordination and effort. Or, an insanely huge cluster. > I didn't say it was going to be easy. You made it sound as if it was a foregone conclusion. My effort was to point out that it is in no way that simple. It's going to be hard, it's going to cost a lot, you're going to have to throw people and money and equipment at it _constantly_. Is this justifiable for looking for missing objects? Probably not. > I'm not for one second proposing whole-earth real-time imaging. Then good luck finding those _moving_ objects. Also, I'd like to know what orbit takes a satellite only over the Atlantic Ocean. Yes, there are orbits that can "park" over an area, but those orbits are useless for the type of imaging you're suggesting, so you have to deal with the whole-earth problem anyways. Yep. The "security" is that compromised; leaked photographs or no. > What else are you going to do with your money? Leave it to my heirs? 5,000 years of inheritance tax would be interesting. > Since I've been using reddit for some time now there has been a very noticeable shift in the status quo when it comes to the level of discourse and the amount of hate speech that shows up, and I'm really not happy with it. Are you sure this isn't just a personal bias? None of this is new on reddit, the volume has increased, sure.. but so has the general userbase of the site. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_and_Eric_Awesome_Show,_Gre... ! It's not for everyone. > But the difficulty of writing secure software is not about avoiding any one particular mistake; it's the sheer number of mistakes available to be made, so that it's easy for one mistake to slip through the cracks. This may be pedantic.. but writing secure software as an individual is not that hard; writing secure software as a team and then publishing that as a product is almost impossible. > Find an online interest calculator and see how much interest you pay over the life of a 30 year loan. Then go to a cost of living calculator to see how much the inflation trend of 30 years minimizes that. The dollars you pay at the start of your loan have much more value than the dollars at the end; it tends to take quite a bit out of the "sticker shock" of just looking at the "total interest paid" column of an amortization schedule. "Once the drift is appreciable, the argument goes, a correction could be added much further down the line, perhaps by adding a leap minute or hour." Well.. if the leap second is any lesson, that should go smoothly and be really easy to implement. > You keep the voice communication for redundancy and backwards compatibility for planes that don't have the equipment, but having the information actually appear on your console is surely highly desirable? Are you _absolutely_ certain you can prevent unauthorized use of this channel? Keep in mind what you're proposing is that hundreds of semi-independent agencies have the ability to push this information directly into the aircraft FMC. The other reason it's communicated this way is because over an open audio channel other pilots can listen to the traffic and keep themselves apprised of situations in the local airspace and advise of conflicts with previous instructions. Finally, it leaves the choice in the hands of the pilot. The controller may give incompatible instructions (runway not long enough for landing weight) or make impossible guidance requests (airspeed too low for landing configuration). The FMC is not a friendly computer system to use and it is highly integrated with most of the critical flight systems. It most certainly isn't perfect and pilots absolutely do not want anyone to be able to make changes to their flight data remotely. > ...actually, isn't this technology already available, so that ATC can give commands to planes flying on full autopilot? Nope. No one is particularly interested in developing it either. > I'm proposing a way to get the six pieces of complex information from the ATC onto a display which the pilot can read, to avoid the pilot having to remember/write down those six pieces of information in a potentially information-dense situation. I would have this in addition to the existing voice control as a backup. The pilot still does the flying. Cockpits are pretty busy places.. it would be difficult for a pilot to verify that the information on the display is _still_ consistent with the last audio update from a controller. Or, they may miss the fact that they got a radio call to change their speed, but the display did not get updated and still shows the old requested speed. Or, perhaps a rogue or unintended signal was interpreted by the unit and the data updated with incorrect (and dangerous) values. As it is, the radio communications can impose extra load, but this is usually the responsibility of the non-flying pilot and it occurs during routine and non-complicated portions of the flight. For a large segment of the flight path, these updates will simply involve changing a setting on the auto pilot console (change of heading or airspeed). Your landing runway is assigned and confirmed by approach control _before_ you actually speak to the tower and usually before you even have the airport in sight. In smaller airports this responsibility _may_ be handled by the same person or by the larger ATC center serving that area, but the information is handed out early and in specific phases to help reduce the load on the flight crew. The call and response system is highly portable and useful and is typically quite resistant to "human factors" errors, when you start adding automation and new devices to the cockpit that can devolve into emergent behavior you start to see "human factors" errors occur. > The GA144 can execute almost 4000x more instructions per second then MSP430 while consuming over 70x less power for the work done. Yea, but the MSP430 actually has (a ton of) built in peripherals on it's own die, whereas the FA18 has none; so it's not the greatest comparison of J/MIPS. > The economy would fare a LOT better in my eyes if any investor over a certain threshold (10k?) was forced to hold the stock in question for 12 months at a minimum, [...] You can do this naturally by simply increasing the short-term capital gains tax rate; currently it's calculated as pure income tax which maxes out around 40%. And yet, ruby still provides 4 unary operators that can be redefined. Lagrange orbits aren't that great in the long run, and come with their own unique set of challenges (from en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagrangian_point#Mathematical_details): "Although the L1, L2, and L3 points are nominally unstable, it turns out that it is possible to find (unstable) periodic orbits around these points, at least in the restricted three-body problem. These periodic orbits, referred to as "halo" orbits, do not exist in a full n-body dynamical system such as the Solar System. However, quasi-periodic (i.e. bounded but not precisely repeating) orbits following Lissajous-curve trajectories do exist in the n-body system. These quasi-periodic Lissajous orbits are what most of Lagrangian-point missions to date have used. Although they are not perfectly stable, a relatively modest effort at station keeping can allow a spacecraft to stay in a desired Lissajous orbit for an extended period of time. It also turns out that, at least in the case of Sun–Earth-L1 missions, it is actually preferable to place the spacecraft in a large-amplitude (100,000–200,000 km or 62,000–124,000 mi) Lissajous orbit, instead of having it sit at the Lagrangian point, because this keeps the spacecraft off the direct line between Sun and Earth, thereby reducing the impact of solar interference on Earth–spacecraft communications. Similarly, a large-amplitude Lissajous orbit around L2 can keep a probe out of Earth's shadow and therefore ensures a better illumination of its solar panels." Earth-Moon L4 and L5 is still very unstable due to the Sun (and other planets). Earth-Sun L4 and L5 is more stable, but almost useless as a waypoint; however there are already naturally captured asteroids (and a lot of dust) already there. All orbits require station keeping in a dynamic solar system that is circling around a black hole. > You have to multiply by 3.6, can you easily do that in your head? Multiply by 36 (12*3) then divide by 10? > But I can't accidentally let the user read or write arbitrary memory locations. Many of the languages you mention contain an 'eval' method, and most use environment variables in less than transparent ways. I wouldn't be so sure of this claim. Yes, it easily can be. My point was, no language allows you to get away with ignoring security (e.g. there is no free lunch). http://blog.codeclimate.com/blog/2013/01/10/rails-remote-cod... This is an old video, but I love watching these airline pilot saftey presentations. This video in particular covers a lot of these automation issues. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 Apache is derived from NCSA HTTPd, having a config file with NCSA mentions is a sign of the age of the apache codebase being used or an extremely old default configuration file being used. Nope. Windows got sockets before it got a reasonable privilege model. > Annoyingly, there is no simple user accessible UTF-8 decoder in libc. Am I misunderstanding you, because I've always thought that's what the mbtowc(3) family of functions was? So, run yet another service with a poorly thought out RFC and add another code base to my vulnerability monitoring? You can have millions if you manually configure them, the DHCPv6 and SLAAC will not grab several addresses for use. Personally, I could care less about DRM on content; I'm far more appaled that I have to use DRM on the cable/protocol between my monitor and my video card. One of these harms my "freedom to tinker," the other, not so much. Of course.. you /expect/ that to happen, which is why you establish an internal auditing process. It would also imply that anyone with access to road marking paint can fool autonomous vehicles into misbehavior. > Can't they at least uphold the fiction that people vote on the merit of issues? It's not a direct democracy.. other than state referendums, people generally do not have an opportunity to _actually_ vote on issues. Interestingly, some of the subdomains like https://www.budget.senate.gov/ use the same certificate and do allow you to load their pages with mixed sources. If this was the idea, it was done fairly shoddy.. more than a few sites in the 'Alternative Name' field will still load. This has been a problem for decades. The airline industry is way ahead of automotive here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 > If the printer is on a dynamically assigned IP address, chances are that the port created for it will use a hard-coded entry like "192.168.1.13" which will break. The DHCP host name requested by the printer can be used [...] Personally, I've never understood this. Are there a lot of admins who let their printers take IPs from the DHCP pool? > Formula E is making advances in that regard but it's just nowhere near the level of F1 ATM. A Formula E car can't even make it through a single race. > [...] we know the whole truth, in reality, what we know is only a biased approximation of it. well.. clearly, censorship is the answer, then. > Most planes have a prominent red button you can press to disable the autopilot whenever it misbehaves. Not really, or some pedantry.. the autopilot (heading and altitude) is disabled with a double-click on a small button either the yolk or the side-stick (boeing and airbus). Autothrottle (entirely separate) is disabled with a double-click on a small button on the sides of the throttle levers. There is also a separate mechanism to disable it entirely, but it's usually a small button with an indistinct label (like "A/P" or "A/T") mixed in with a bunch of other buttons on the instrument cluster. Sometimes there is also a slightly larger "AP Disengage" button on some planes. Most pilots I've seen will disable using the first method so they can be immediately "hands-on" when the system relinquishes control. > Though they can directly address this by taking photos out of the mix. You could, with mixed results, I'm sure. There are many other factors to base a prejudice on; for example "does their name /sound/ black?" Airbnb could also establish an anti-discrimination policy, which if you are caught in these types of incidents, you and your properties will be banned for some amount of time. I've never used the service, so I can't say for sure, but I can think of at least a few good ways to accomplish this along with a team responsible for checking into flagged events and user reports. Why wouldn't it? It only relies on the ability to create a single outbound TCP connection; surely double NAT doesn't impede that? If both parties are double NAT, then sure, you have a problem, but aside from that; as long the party you are connecting to doesn't -- it should work fine as described. Do a FOIA request for the staff directory? Either that or every other income and minimum wage standard is lowered to compensate. > But if the human hasn't actually flown in months or years the'll likely be kind of rusty. Cruising at altitude is not that hard. I'd be far more concerned if they were interfering with the various Instrument Landing Systems during inclement weather. > Every, say hour you do it manually buys you a few hours of autopilot. Most pilots already hand-fly in clear weather during landing and takeoff by default; somewhat for the reasons you suggest, but it's also the safer as it actively maintains pilot situational awareness. You're generally only going to use the A/P during cruise, departure and approach or during instrument flight conditions. > It's certainly possible to capture everything a human can know in one database. Storing the information isn't the real challenge, structuring the connections between different pieces of knowledge is what seems to be the very difficult part. Without the latter, you can have all the data in the world, but no way to make any use or sense of it. > A 75kWh battery pack that is limited to 60kWh is better than having a real 60kWh pack. Why? Wouldn't the weight reduction be useful? > If you look at this as a $6000 or so discount on a new Tesla, it actually seems like a pretty good deal. Yes.. but the whole battery is still being used, and is still in a position to require service. It could be the case that I have a 60kW tesla, but still need to pay the full 75kW repair price, because of the way they structured this. There are a handful of incidents every year that the bureau does take action on. It's hard to draw any numerical conclusions from, but it is interesting to read some of the enforcement letters https://transition.fcc.gov/eb/AmateurActions/Welcome.html > "set waypoints, sit back" "and maintain situational awareness." Some failures can happen quickly, and the plane can change modes unexpectedly. Plus the warnings you receive may not be accurate.. see Air France 447. You can sit back, but your role is to constantly check your instruments, your performance, your route, your radios and your environment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooper_vane > If you're an American, you're twice as likely to die with a steering wheel in your hands as you are to die at the hands of a murderer. Human-driven vehicle deaths cause grave second-order suffering for families and friends - and hurt the economy. If you're an American you're more likely to die from suicide than you are from motor vehicle related injuries. You're more likely to be poisoned than to die in a motor vehicle crash. You're 16 times more likely to die from heart disease or cancer. Compared to 1950, motor vehicle death rates have more than halved.