Start this trend, please: TWO sets of arrows. The first set indicates: Yes, I agree, or No, I don't agree. The second set is only ONE arrow, pointing down. This means, "This comment is spam/offensive/offtopic." It's too bad. Javascript-in-the-browser and Ajax are both nasty hacks that force programmers to do all sorts of shameful things. And the result is--wanky html tricks. Java, for its faults, is fairly clean when run in the applet environment. It has every superiority over JITBAJAX, except for install issues and a chunky load process. Yahoo games seems like just about the only applet success story. Of course, back in the day, non-trivial Applets tended to be too large for the dial-up accounts people had. At least that is changed. "TechCrunch, FeedBurner, iStockPhoto, YouSendIt, Meebo, Vimeo and Alexaholic. These are some of the most popular websites on the Internet. " Huh? Reminds me of an old person who had a stroke and has to shamblingly re-learn how to walk. Accidental clicks are 95% of Clicks. You probably have a better spirit than I do. I have [well over 15k], and really enough to live on for years without FTE, but I'm waiting until I actually have a revenue stream before quitting my job. "By the way..." Pre-alpha. Looks a little too cartoony for a financial app. Actually, umm, if Windows media player looked like this, I'd say the same thing: Too cartoony. Just to give you a baseline. I could use something which cost about 1/10th what this knife did to the same end. But it's handmade... Amazon has those knives at 55 dollars. Maybe he's using a different model, but you aren't going to get a handcrafted knife for 55 dollars. It would take at least a day to make from raw materials, and that's not much of a salary in France. If one Steve is rare, two Steves are rarer. Maybe someone could do the math, but it's pretty obvious. "pine became Gmail" Yeah. Google invented online email. Seriously, does google pay for fanboyism by the pound or what? Geez. I don't know. I can't think of any video sites offhand that are _worse_ than youtube in most respects. The player is small, grainy, hard to control. The "community" is full of appalling idiots. The search feature is the worst I've ever seen. They did scale it very well--outages seemed minimal. I'm sure that is the greatest technical challenge for video. Flickr is a real puzzle. Any jackass could have made that site. I think the stars just aligned for them. People can flippantly say things like, "Oh, Microsoft got lucky" or whatever, because they did get some breaks. But MSFT also did real work, not easily replicated. Flickr--geez. Most online stores have a photograph engine of some sort that does the same thing, as just one tiny feature. I'm a programmer, so it's pretty rare for me to disdain someone for being a nerd, but, geez-o-man, there's nothing like Larry Page in action. Oh, have you seen his girlfriend: http://static.flickr.com/47/112343641_e3af8465d9.jpg Webapps are sort of a throwback to the dumb terminal + mainframe model. This has certain advantages, and where those advantages apply, of course you're going to be successful. If you don't mind having less than 100 percent control over your email, and don't mind google's data mining it for [any|all] reasons, then go ahead and use gmail. Large corporations aren't going to do this, if only for legal reasons. Quick impression: Has the rough look of a squatting site. The bold, underlined titles remind me of the style used in v|agra spam. The google ads are too numerous. I strongly recommend getting rid of them until you get serious traffic. They'll turn away potential users. Okay--those are just style issues, subject to opinion. Facebook is referred to as an imitation of MySpace. Of course, Friendster was earlier, but really--they're all just online Frontpages, aren't they? (I've never used any of them, actually.) About Flickr: "so we built a lot of features that were deliberately viral." Ugh. A raw FTP server has half the features of Flickr, and 95 percent of the features that actually matter. It's reading panegyrics about upload-your-photo services that trouble me: Are we all just hacks? I mean, it wasn't so long ago the entrepenuership meant building railroads and auto factories. Now--you can be a millionaire if you use the " Another question: Let's say you've already spent considerable time (12-24 months, say) developing a product and then find somebody to partner with. What is the breakdown in company ownership? Certainly not 50/50 or even 60/40, I would think. Open up a newspaper, and look at some of the strips. Rubbish. Absolute utter rubbish. And yet they all got published! Somebody looked at them and said, "Yep, that's a winner." And here, unsurprisingly, is Watterson talking about how hard it was to get into print. Maybe--since this website is intended for businesspeople as much as creators--maybe it would be fitting if everyone remembered just how completely powerful people can fail--and not even realize it, nor be punished for it. See, this is why wordpad generates more revenue than Word. Ugh. Macintoshes. I know pg came out in their favor a while ago ("All the hackers I know are switching to Macs"...something like that). But, man, to see it in reality. My mother has an older OSX machine. What a piece of work. Even the parts of it that are supposed to be good, like the interface, are just clumsy. The mouse is ungainly, with one big "button", making a laughable full-palm-press-down the most reliable way to click. The scrollbars and window-edges are mysteriously hard to grab. The icons in the taskbar would have seemed childish to me when I was 10. The power of Unix is pretty well hidden. If I'm on my linux machine, you can bet I'm not using KDE. Without the shell, linux might as well be Windows. Now, if it was OSX vs. Windows 98, sure. But XP (*) is stable and the candy colors are easily removed. The security problems only concern the ignorant. I'm not too impressed by people who will pay a 400-800 dollar premium for the geek equivilent of a status symbol. (*) I've never used Vista. http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=2853515&CatId=2511 Versus http://store.apple.com/1-800-MY-APPLE/WebObjects/AppleStore?family=MacBookPro These are comparable systems, but the Apple has, as I said, roughly an 800 dollar premium. Actually, the cheapest macbook pro costs the same as the high-end Toshiba. If you make good money, it's not a big deal. But when the girl in the coffeehouse asks me what kind of computer she should get to go along with her minimum wage, I'm basically scum to recommend an Apple. The music business, huh? Finally, we're going to start roping in the chicks! Just like back in the FORTRAN days! Seems odd to witness a lot of business-type people arguing (or at least leaning) in favor of copyright infringement. I mean, we could argue for a while about whether some kid should be allowed to download songs off of bittorrent. That's just some kid. But then, you have a huge corporation doing almost the same (okay, okay, with all due equivocations, like: They're only hosting/distributing, not uploading). Well, google isn't distributing video out of a love of the artform. I mean, person X builds/owns something, and person Y profits from it, or at least tries to. See no problem there? It might come down to "might makes right" here, if google has sufficiently expensive lawyers. The seemingly obvious solution is to tack a 15-second advertisement on the videos and then share the proceeds with the owner. And vote THIS up if you want there to be user-configurable values via SQL injection exploits: http://news.ycombinator.com/x?fnid="begin;update Skins set Font='Comic Sans' where userName='mynameishere';commit;" "insanely great things the man has said" What the eff? Something about dead fish and the Japanese? All right, whatever. Very insanely great, indeed. Reminds me of a certain information minister for both coherence and modesty: http://welovetheiraqiinformationminister.com/ He's a good businessman, though. He took an early lead in the PC business and turned it into this generation's Sony Walkman knockoff + an overpriced Intel machine running Unix. Oh, and Wired magazine thinks his utterances are "insanely great": "The products suck! There's no sex in them anymore!" Steve, I owned an Apple II. There wasn't a mother Theresa pinup calendar's worth of sex in it. _Problem Area 3: Mouse precision ... Windows Vista scored a Mouse Precision Error Coefficient of 0.52, compared with 0.40 for Windows XP, and 0.08 (!) for Mac OS X_ Not even sure how to approach this in a critical way. It reminds me of the sort of made-up, seemingly-mathmatical, but ultimately befuddling stats that you sometimes here in infomercials for copper-wrist band arthritis cures. The windows mouse pointer seems to work on a pixel-by-pixel basis, when moving slowly. Not sure what kind of precision they are after. And if there was some serious problem, then gamers, who 1) Rely upon precise mouse movements and 2) Have low transition costs, would have moved to Macs a long, long, long time ago. Not sure why you're giving up. The fundamental problem with your website is that it has (by now) been done to death. You aren't going to get away from that particular problem with this: _It’s a new site that will allow you to keep all of your day to day information online, so you can access it anywhere._ Just some honest advice here, coz' I'd hate to see somebody spend months and months to do something so unspecific and, well, done-to-death. Did you notice that news.yc became reasonably popular almost the second that it started? Well, Paul Graham has a built-in audience, and that's how it happened. reddit is popular for a similar reason: Both pg and Joel Spolsky gave it some promotion. So, you know, you can't expect a similar trajectory. Two differences: 1. Your example is _extremely_ specific, and so will match up closely with the needs a particular (small) percentage of people. A news aggregator is very general. The whole reddit audience could shift to klipboardz tomorrow with little effect. That "little effect" is actually a bad thing. Little bad effect, but also little good effect. 2. Your example is a document, and not a service. In short: There are many, many more websites that make it to the top of reddit or digg, than there are reddits or diggs. _Microsoft, because it invented the XMLHTTP object and without Google standing forth on this aspect, you wouldnt have been able to see any of the above mentioned miracles imparted to the web today_ That's the most badly constructed sentence I hope to read all day. Don't feel like reading that. Here is the headline from twitter's website: "A global community of friends and strangers answering one simple question: What are you doing?" Okay. This sounds like a bad parody of the worst aspects of Web 2.0. I mean: I'm not sure how such silliness can be "TOO good". Is it good at all? Walk around any college campus and you are likely to hear the following half-conversation coming from somebody talking to his cellphone: Person X: Whuzzu? Person X: Not much. Just leaving class. Person X: Yeah, just going to class. Person X: Whuzzu. [click]. How to monetize that? Twitter? Whuzzu? Mistake #8. Causing unneeded confusion with the name: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samba_%28software%29 Keep talking. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Neumann-U87-Ai-Shockmount-Set-Z-Microphone-with-Box?sku=271404 Sorry for the extreme confusion. You mentioned making a "great album". When artists go to make a "great album" they need to use great tools. Great tools are expensive. Ergo, 1000 dollars isn't going to do it. "There's a lot more to recording a band than having an expensive microphone." Indeed there is. Great point. Really great. Having _multiple_ good microphones is just one tiny necessity. It's just one tiny expense compared to everything else, and so that is why I linked to _one_ item. Do you want me to provide links to mixing boards, high-end reel-to-reels, synths, pianos, rental prices on orchestras, estimated costs of studio musicians, singers, engineers, producers, etc, etc? Because all of those things cost more than even very expensive microphones. Hope I've cleared up the bewilderment. Wow. What college did you go to? Unless you're talking about some particularily interesting skirt, I would have missed that... Well, he was an advocate of eugenics. He looked at the data available to him and came to a reasonable conclusion. But "reason", you may have noticed, can really, really piss people off when it goes up against conclusions they've drawn from other sources. As an experiment, write down the 10-15 best arguments you have against the practice of tattooing. Then, go up to someone who has tattoos and say, "Here are the reasons why tattoos are bad." Prepare for some incredible, but mute, rage staring you down after that. Now, try the same thing with human biology: "Here are the top 10 reasons why low-IQ people should undergo voluntary sterilization". The reaction is quite a bit worse. "In the old days," No. In the old days, home equipment had one track, and studio equipment had one track. Sgt. Pepper was recorded on a 4-track--what distinquished them were the things that you just can't get in your garage: Studio-quality accoustics, a vast array of equipment, world-class instruments and studio musicians, producers, arrangers, etc. Yeah, if you want to be the next White Stripes, okay, maybe you can pull it off. But then you aren't dealing with "great albums" by any measure. Sorry about all this; it just bugs me when people think things come cheap when they don't. Yeah, but there's _two_: http://www.socializr.com/ http://www.socializer.com/ So now they have an evil triplet. He should call it MySocializr.com You might want to hire a real videographer. The production quality was just too low to tolerate. Sorry. I don't get it. Sign up, "bid" everything on one girl, if it doesn't work, close the account and repeat. ??? Easy to game, and I'm not sure why any woman would care two cents for some meaningless "bids" in contrast with _any_ real-world criteria. LISP is faster than Java? With all that pounding on the stack? I'd have to see it to believe it. Anyway, FORTRAN is still faster than C at a lot of things. At the top of the Wiki, have two text boxes, with the first one editable, and the second automatic: Wiki [UserEnteredTitle] [ http://wamily.com/wiki/username/UserEnteredTitle.html] Then, non-members can see the text without any fuss. Now that I think about it, I don't see any way to easily link to my homepage: http://wamily.com/username/ One of two questions: 1. Why would they quit? 2. Why is this funny? XP is stable. It loads executables, runs them, moves files around etc, without much fuss. Google's code runs mostly on interpreters, so...wtf? The only people who should care are the accountants who would have to pay Microsoft. I mean: Is the punchline, "Ha, ha, google's engineers really are as immature as the bean bag chairs suggest"? (I withdraw my question if the answer is, "Because they wouldn't want to spend months on useless administrative tasks like re-installing OSes.") This is just the sort of request that would attract sharks. You haven't gotten too many rejection letters then: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rejection_Letter This falls in the not-very-good category of "mass printed letter". http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/shark Shark2 def 1 Good way to lose money: Believe free advice from Goldman Sachs (or any financial corp). "go where?" I don't get it. At any rate, failure is a part of business. Think of a store owner: He sits and watches people enter and exit all day long without buying anything. Failure, failure, failure. If you can't stomach it, then _that_ is your real problem, not what PG thinks--remember that PG has his prejudices when it comes to technology, and I don't think he likes games very much. So...if Microsoft is like the Israili army...who are the Palestinians? (!!!) I'd rather re-implement LISP (as in Greenspun's 10th law) than Oracle. LOL keep downmodding me. I'd love to see the hashmap-based transaction handling. Was it as good as this: http://worsethanfailure.com/Articles/I_Think_I_0x27_ll_Call_Them__0x26_quot_0x3b_Transactions_0x26_quot_0x3b_.aspx _molded to fit the problem_ Most problems I've worked on had to take scaling, concurrency, searching/lookup, report generation (joining), etc, into account...all of which a dbms gives you out of the box. Maybe we're dealing with _very_ different kinds of problems. Web-based OS. LOL: CPU multitasking ... OS Scheduler ... Threads as implemented by C++ or whatever ... Browser ... Javascript Interpreter ... Faked-out single-threaded multi-thread emulator ... "Browser-based OS". And of course, if you want an "application" in your "OS" you can always fire up Sun HotSpot. Umm. What functionality? I prefere wolfenstein in javascript: http://www.wolf5k.com/ Pretty neat app. Seems like a lot of the material depends upon multiple, overlapping copyright violations, however. The licensing sort of adds insult to that: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/ [quote] You are free: to Share Â— to copy, distribute and transmit the work [/quote] ...umm. Not really. _That means they're less likely to stick you with a business guy as CEO, like VCs used to do in the 90s. If you seem smart and want to do it, they'll let you run the company_ "Let you run the company" ? Surely a single round of funding doesn't take majority ownership from the founders? I hear its COBOL replacement went open-source a while ago. Of course, everyone is rooting for google because they love their free content, but when you seat people on a jury, then tend to take things seriously. The law says "don't do X". Google does "X". ...15 minutes of deliberations later... Google is found liable for doing "X". It's really straightforward, and arguments about information wanting to be free don't really work in a courtroom setting. Ease of deployment/integration is the crucial issue, of course. The Javascript+DOM+xmlhtmlrequest model is just so horrendously, hackishly chicken-wired I'm always ashamed to even touch it...much less use it professionally. Flash and java applets from day ONE were superior in every, single way...utterly superior...except when it comes to deployment/integration. Java applets have the habit of seizing up the machine and mysteriously failing to load...flash is a bit better, but is gradually turning into this decade's popup launcher. Neither work well with webpages. Their failure to really become platforms just shows that an extra second or two of wait time can be a competitive killer. But, if MSFT can do this right, goodbye javascript. Geez, pick another name. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman I tried to run the silverlight demo and it didn't seem to work either, so...more of the same. They had a backup server. Misplaced automation is the villain. Makes sense to automate a task that you do 100+ times a day, but backups are generally run once a day, and are recovered maybe once a year. My backup system involves a script with a bunch of copy commands that I can see flying by in the console as they work. This is off-topic, but the eventual replacement of televisions by computers+broadband annoys me for one simple reason: I purposefully threw away my TV years ago, and now I find the medium encroaching upon my life again. Oh, well. Great. What's their svn login info? It's a good article, and he sounds like a smart/decent chap. Funny thing is, from the earliest days, I've learned Pavlovian-like to respond to the word "Tripod" on any webpages by clicking the red "X" as fast as possible. Oh, well. I'm told that it's awesome. Vote up to substantiate this assertion. Re: Applets don't work. Let's all try this: http://www.jupload.biz/demo/0.90/index-demo.html Tell me if it doesn't work. "Google was based on a couple of brilliant ideas (Page rank, text-only ads, massive parallel implementation on cheap hardware) but none of those ideas were original with Larry or Sergey." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank "PageRank was developed at Stanford University by Larry Page (hence the name Page-Rank[1]) and Sergey Brin " Geez, it's only named after him. Also: text-only ads are somewhat less brilliant than any number of things msft has done. Yeah--they _work_, but they aren't brilliant, and they sure as hell aren't original. Massive parallel implementation, of course, is hardly an "idea" of google's. Substitute "Amtrak" and it's basically the same story. I'll just throw out a bit of advice for no good reason: Don't name anything after a file format. They tend to go obsolete. Young or old? Rock music: Young is better. Classical music: Old is okay. Software business: Young is better. Manufacturing business: Old is okay. Mathematics: Young is better. Literature: Old is okay (actually, better). Chess: Young is better. (I could probably beat Fischer by now.) Contract bridge: Old is okay. (Don't laugh--Gates and Buffett play). Revolutionary conflict: Young is better. Invading Russia: Old is okay. http://juwo.com/main.html Yeah, and then he needs to test his site in Firefox. And then he needs to get rid of the "Donate $5" link. And then he needs to drop his dependency on ActiveX _AND_ Java. And then... And then he needs to stop using the "My First Webpage" style of links, "Click here", "Click here", "Click here". And then he needs to demote "(Note: No warranties nor liability, express or implied)." from being a banner headline. And then he needs to... http://juwo.com/nodepad/demos/boss/dentist.html Oh, dear lord. Listen, I've probably spent more time looking at your website than 99 percent of the people who've clicked on it. Try to understand this: _I still haven't the first clue what it is you're selling_ Okay? The reason no one is playing with the demos is because the website itself is like unto cerberus the dog of hell, protecting the product from all who draw near. Have ONE main webpage. Have this contain: 2-3 sentences that explain what the product does, and a use case. Example: "auto-ebay-1000 is a tool to automate routine tasks performed by ebay sellers. If you have 50 items to sell, auto-ebay-1000 can upload them to ebay, track them, and alert you to bids" Then have three links: 1) screen shots 2) Demo 3) How to buy Look at a quasi use case that you have: Do you feel, “Thoughts and ideas come to me at awkward times, unexpected places and not in neat order. I really wish there was an easier way for me to capture them". ...okay. The solution to that "problem" is: Pen and paper. Or a voice recorder. Is Juwo a voice recorder? Okay, fine: But an "unexpected place" is presumably one where I'm not at my computer. See? Your use case doesn't fit. _consider keeping a controlling voting interest in the company_ Not sure why this would ever be in question. Giving 1/3 of a company to a stranger is frankly inconceivable to me. Well, on the bright side, they're working for _you_ now, since you still own a large chunk of it. Seems like misplaced irony. Now, you're going to hear a lot about how wonderful LISP (etc, etc) is, but remember that almost every _real_ application is in C (Unix), C++ (games, other desktop apps), or Java (50 million goddawful enterprise backends). Try grazing. I recommend the open range. Why have invite codes at all? Just let people in the site. Speculation creates a market and helps resolve real prices (rather than phony prices--for example, 10 dollars a year for every domain, whether weddingshoes.com or xxxyalfjadsgjg.com) I agree. Free drinks are basically worthless--to the point of it seeming like a desperate come-on. Free food just means, "You are expected to stay here for lunch and talk business." The big questions are: 1. Money, benefits, vacation. 2. Do I get an office? 3. How much time do I spend fixing other people's bugs? Actually, 70% of the cells in the human body are E. Coli! I wonder what they're all working on. "Google is now adding about 500 workers each month" Hmm...500 people. By my calculus, 500 people should be able to implement about 100 business concepts every 1-3 years. That seems off somehow, but...well, they can't all be system admins, can they? Take a look at google labs: http://labs.google.com/ How many of those things make money? Some of them seem to be a part of a long-term Orwellian strategy: http://webaccelerator.google.com/ ...but I don't really see the revenue stream. What are they doing with all of those people except mocking up start-up environments and hoping for the occasional big hit? Wouldn't it be cheaper to just let the free market work, and buy other people's companies as needed? I am grown up. Thanks. If you read the spec for web accelerator, you will see that it will allow google to know exactly what you are looking at at all times. This fits the definition of the word "Orwellian" as I used it. Man, I can't wait for the day when google stops being untouchable. What the..? Who upmodded this guy? Go back to Sunday school. No experimentation! None!!! (Unless you're joking.) The only times I've responded to advertisements, I've copy-and-pasted the URL of the destination and put it in the address bar, to avoid any payment from anyone. _That's_ how bad techie people can be for business. My mother, on the other hand, will sit and read pop ups. Yes, but real value can be _delivered_ by trickery. "more excited than you" I'm willing to guess this is true. Oh, for the love of beans, they're taking the words straight from the mouth of St. Paul: http://www.paulgraham.com/pypar.html What he did was a bit closer to a marketing study than a drug trial. This is best: Utility.isEmpty(s); I think google's indexing of ad content is a minor problem relative to the fact that it is an accessory to millions upon millions upon millions of spam sites. But really, c'mon. I know, I know, I know, everybody loves them and they can never do wrong, but...a multi-billion dollar corporation whose business model is dependent upon people accidentally clicking links? _have to be politically disadvantaged_ I'm going to make a wild guess and say that, pound for pound, homosexuals have political influence twice as great as heterosexuals, and, in their core issues, 100x as great. _They say they have an answer to the new competition: quality_ Bigger, faker, titties. "We use different locations, rooms and couches." LOL: He means "Different cooches" "Joseph, Fishbein, Kaplan, and Coffman" Sounds like a law firm. OptimalSale is an awful name, really awful. It sounds like the title of a windshield-wiper-delivered coupon brochure. Twitter is _the_ effing stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life. Pollution be its name. Just prevent any submissions from it. I'm submitting war and peace in hopes of providing more substantial off-topic linkage: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=26094 Re: "AI Manhattan Project" The Manhattan project involved almost no research (1). It was an engineering project whose constraints were manpower and money. The research was a somewhat more low-budget affair, viz, szilard daydreaming around London, Fermi working in a 3rd rate Italian lab. (1) One of the few actual innovations was the explosive lens. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explosive_lens Yes, but the Java code is shorter than the Lisp code. I'll take the slight performance hit to avoid the boilerplate. I wonder if his test doesn't have one obvious flaw though. I ran it three times and got: .46, .28, .28 ...I took out the System.out.println statements and got: .032, .047, .032 So I think he might have been testing the wrong thing. I don't want the masses to use Linux. My servers all run Linux. Super. But it doesn't bother me at all that mom and pop are funnelling billions of dollars into the pockets of my professional cohorts, RMS be damned. $4,824.14. The total cost of the legal fees was $4,824.14. (???) “The only reason Truemors is getting so much coverage is that it’s Guy’s site.” Too bad it's worthless. If he actually made something new and/or innovative, his celebrity would actually be put to good use. _You know, this kind of joke seems to rile Java apologists to no end_ I've really never known a Java programmer to be riled by any joke. I've never known any Java "apologists" at all, though they probably exist. Oh, well. That just highlights one of the good things about using Java or Windows: You are generally _not_ an unreasoning fanatic. Try criticizing ANY OBSCURE LANGUAGE...THEN you will rile people: http://programming.reddit.com/info/1vo0v/comments/c1volq Look at those downmods. I point out something perfectly true (ie, that unpopular language fans typically overrepresent the importance of minutiae) and get downmodded into oblivion. _expressive power_ What is that anyway? Can you measure it in something other than line counts? I'm wary of line-counts-as-metric. It seems to be a disease of PHBs and functional programmers oddly enough. _severely crippled_ No pointers. What else? There was nothing innovative about Java, but the advantages had nothing to do with "expressiveness" or "power" as I understand them. The advantages were: 1. No malloc(), no free(). If you've ever done large-scale C programming, you'll spend half your time bugging around with memory. 2. Platform independence. Well, you said it. I test on Windows and deploy to linux, and the only real problem has to do with the stupid C: and slash direction on Windows. 3. Don't discount Sun's advocacy. C++ is a pain in the ass, and where you're not optimizing for CPU cycles and real-time performance (where the garbage collector is a problem) it just isn't needed. But to break its inertia something a little more real-world than Lisp macros is needed. So...corporate advocacy has its advantages. 4. Massive libraries. They blow here and there, but put stdlib.h et al to shame. 5. All-in-one. It doesn't do anything perfectly, but a large system can be done all in Java. This is convenient because you don't need fifty different tool sets, can move serialized objects around between subsystems, etc. _making interviewing process very exhausting_ Since you've avoided Java in your career, I suspect you made that up. Edit: Btw, since I'm bitching about downmods, I'll just add that I'm not downmodding anyone here. _banking software has got to be some of the least technically difficult software in the universe_ Breathtaking idiocy. _I am unaware of any actual data that shows a correlation between raw intelligence...and career or company success_ Declarations of personal ignorance don't really prove anything. Such data, in fact, exists. He goes on to list a bunch of voodoo hiring practices (viz, someone who faced adversity) and I won't criticize him for it: In the end, that's how every company hires. The government, to a degree, even forces its own set of voodoo traditions upon companies. People don't object too much: When you actually have that big pile of resumes in front of you, you realize that most people aren't all that distinctive. I've been shocked by how many CS grads DON'T HAVE WEBPAGES. Good god, people. Of course, you know what will get you hired every time? If someone interviewing you liked you personally. Complexity with regards to the number of inputs and interactions between data. I'll never understand the appeal of apple. Compare: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_1000 1985, Motorola 68000 @ 7.16 MHz, $1595 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_II 1987, Motorola 68020, 16 MHz, $5500 (!!!) To anyone who has ever used both, the superiority of the Amiga was absolutely unmistakable. But what are you going to do when apparently-sane journalists write things like this: _...and now the iPhone, which goes on sale in America this month, Apple has prospered by keeping just ahead of the times_ Umm..? Ahead of the times? With a cellphone? I mean, they're about a decade too late to be consider "with the times" much less "ahead of the times". Oh, well. Facebook will go the route of myspace will go the route of friendster will go the route of Yahoo! Geocities. That's the problem. Throw them away, and a million clones will fight for their place. Meanwhile, Proctor and Gamble still sells rendered hogfat for billions a year. LOL. I didn't get the "Dude Yamaha" name right away, and so when I clicked on "avanoo", I said, "Holy crap, it's truemors! Guy Kawasaki's going to be pissed!" Sure enough he was. I fondly remember the joelonsoftware jobs section (back before it was a paid service) when he allowed comments...people really tore into some of the postings. I don't think we're being honest here. I use 5-6 different media players alone. Most of you seem to be boning up on your nerd credentials, because I don't see too many mentions of Doom or Quake, or MSFT Office, or Notepad, or IM clients, or Winzip/winrar, etc. The most popular dev environment seems to be Emacs. This tells me that your favorite language is still in diapers. I develop 10x faster in Eclipse than I ever could in Emacs. (I used emacs for a year coding C--it's okay, but its whole 'culture' harkens back to 300 baud modems.) Some things that seem non-desktop, like Flash, really are in a sense--the connection to the browser and the web is very weak. Don't know much much about tag clouds, so excuse my ignorance: But, has this basic idea been done before, except with things other than bands? The reason I ask: My first impression was very strongly, "This is a neat tool, but why would they limit themselves to bands?". You could do this with ANYTHING...but with branding like "bandsintown" your potential market is 0.01 percent of what it could be. I strongly recommend getting a generic name (like myspace) and then: 1) Allow different product categories (Nearest coffeeshop, nearest book store that sells a certain book, nearest movie theatre playing a certain movie at certain hours, etc). 2) Allow different views of your model. Tag clouds strike me as a flash in the pan. Allow charts, bar graphs, pies, etc, etc. I guess my problem is that the name prevents any expansion later on, unlike the example myspace (which started out aimed at bands). Okay, one last suggestion. The domain zintown.com is available. Thus: band.zintown.com movie.zintown.com (intown.com and other better variations were already taken.) Does it make the request, then update the number? Or does it update the number and make the request at its leisure? _If you honestly believe that kids are well served by drinking a dozen spoonfuls of sugar every morning before school_ Nope. Nor pron. Nor warez. Keeps people from wasting time on news sites. Also: Do apple laptops not have external keyboard connections? Damn, guys, you're going to break your wrists off using laptop keyboards. Hey, I'd consider it, but I'd just wind up replacing your PHP with the full J2EE stack. :P Actually, indentation style is more important than code. _to have enterprise software projects done cheaply_ It was created to control embedded processors. _FBML strips out some features of HTML, such as Javascript_ What exactly can it do, then? I'm just completely baffled by facebook. Can somebody explain the appeal of it to me? Now, myspace I always considered lamentable crap, but the appeal was fairly straightforward...it gave people an easy way to build their own websites (which tended to be wildly, err, creative) and a way to connect them to those of their friends. Myspace had a zany, fun, creative...howsoever crappy...appeal to it. But facebook pages have this sedative-like uniformity that I just can't wrap my head around. Why are the kids going to this? The whole thing feels dull. The facebook api--can anybody link to a good example of how this works? I'm not sure what kind of 'applications' you can make with stripped-down javascript-free html, but what do I know? Well, what I know is this: The whole appeal for developers is mathematical. It's just a goldrush--and like any goldrush the profits GO TO THE FIRST ONES WHO ARRIVE. The demand/supply curve is all on the demand side because there are so few facebook "apps" at the moment. Once saturation hits, the old web with its old freedoms will be the only real player again. I'm strongly fighting the urge to downmod your comments, because you seem to "mean well". But "meaning well" is the sort of attitude that leads otherwise intelligent people to turn away from the basic facts of the free marketplace. People want "gold coins" or whatever. So and so wants a job. A middleman arranges for an exchange of "gold coins" for real money by setting up an apparatus of technology, labor, marketing, and sales to allow it. (THIS ISN'T EASY.) Everyone is richer for it, with the possible exception of the people buying the "gold coins" who are high-class cheaters. But the guy who buys a Porsche is an extra-high-class cheater on the dating market, and I'm more worried about him any day of the week. The important thing is: Everybody is free, and it's this freedom (and not the FSF's "freedom") that took Ling or Wang or whoever out of the rice field. Headline: The value of paying big $$$ for PR: Yet-another-Digg-copycat gets NYTimes mention. The paging is annoying. Yeah, it's "cool". But UI experience and techie coolness are sometimes distinct. Stockholders have very little control over companies. The boards of directors tend to be inbred--CEOs from various firms serve on each others BoDs. So, you get what you get. I doubt any CEO's salary comes near the theoretical market value of the job. In Japan, CEOs make much, much less, and they don't seem to be hurting as a result. I'm inclined to dispute the "superstar" theory of upper-level executives. Semel's defining moment came when he decided not to buy google. This is tantamount to a baseball player deciding not to swing the bat--hoping for a ball. Not much of a superstar. Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Henry Ford -- Take these three along with Yang, and then compare them with Semel. There is a key difference. Tell her: If I fail, we lose the house. If I succeed, I'll get rich and "trade up", if ya know what I mean. You know, even if a business of mine completely failed, I would never, ever let godaddy park its spam there: http://webcollaborator.com/ Oh, well. He should have used an anonymous account like the rest of us jerks. Almost every comment on that guy's blog features somebody kissing his ass. "Great post, blah, blah". Why do people do that? If you have something intelligent to add, that's compliment enough. _eventually got bored with the whole thing_ You know, I practically missed the whole internet for a similar reason. When I was a kid, I screwed around with 1200 baud modems (ATX? ATH? I forget) until I managed to LOG ON to local BBSes. Oh, yeah! You could set that sucker to xModem down a game and have the world's 573rd best tetris clone in just 17 hours (unless your mom picked up the phone--eventually I trained her to ask first.) Well, it got pretty damn boring. Eventually, I gave up, and when people started talking about AOL, email, etc, I was like "whatever, dude." I didn't actually have an ISP account until...2001 maybe? Articles like this are polically motivated. I would simply point out that Silicon Valley's most critical, most formative years were in the age of "traditional America", that is so despised today. _Let users choose from five stars, and they nearly always pick three_ Amazon has the problem of bimodal distributions for their ratings...nearly every user either votes one star (and bitches, "If I could choose zero, I would") or five. They've actually started sending emails to people requesting reviews to fix this problem (to get the silent majority to vote.) That idea is highly thievable. Done right, I could see it being a good go-to site for news in general. Hey, who's downmodding this guy? No one has ever said a truer thing! the team wanted to let people track how much a document had changed over time. They pored over Ph.D. theses and complex algorithms. Instead, ace programmer David Hansson worked out a "cheat": software to track the number of characters in each document. ... With that clever solution, 37signals reduced what could have been a months-long programming project to a day's work full implementation: counter++ Keyword: "Ace" And I was doubling down his irony with my second comment. Somewhat less than an E Trade user. Here's where my ignorance shines through once again...but does the javascript that runs on the JVM have proper threading? Coz, I'm really not sure how anything server-side could work properly with setInterval() or whatever the favored workaround is. Why did he not use Python? I don't have anything against java applets, but I'd like to hear their rationale for using them--pg is known to have publicly criticized java, after all. Applets only have one major problem, which is their iffy deployment process. Once running, they're about as good as a desktop application. I guess it's needless to say: The team is the most important part of a company, by a factor of...well, by an incalculable factor. A good team can change product-focus, change market-focus, create products, occasionally even create markets. A bad team is hopeless and will stay that way into perpetuity. Black-on-blue lettering very painful. The puzzle itself looks nice, but I think there is a slight contrast problem with the black-to-white fading of the white squares against the black background. It just feels slightly off, no big deal. However: You've clearly got some bad bugs in this. I went to answer "Country whose capital is Tehran" and it took a good minute before I could enter the answer. I clicked on it, the correct row highlighted green, and when I went to type "I", the second letter filled in "I". Then I pressed the first square of four, but the attached (horizontal) row highlighted. So I clicked on the IRAN squares again, typed I-R-A-N, it didn't work, and after some fiddling, I typed it again, and it seemed to enter I-I-A-N, then I-I-I-N, then it highlighted the last square, which flashed I then R then A then N as I typed them, then finally I typed it again, it seemed to go I-I-I-I, then changed to IRAN, finally. ??? Now if gmail could allow users to undo the "send" action. I think this is an example of how the experience of gmail can sort-of trivialize the problems associated with undoing events. How many actions are there in gmail? Not that many, and it took me 15 seconds of testing to find this message: "The contact has been deleted." Without an undo button (!!!). Undoing is quite a bit more complicated in, say, a word processor where the different actions are absolutely choked with side effects. Everything needs to know how to undo itself, hold its state (as well as application state, where appropriate), sit on a stack waiting for ctrl-Z. In addition, certain things (like backspacing numerous characters) need to be able to "fold" together to work correctly. Webapp programmers generally haven't had to worry about this like desktop programmers... ff 1.5.0.12 I tested a little more, and the worst problem seem to be that in a situation like this: EDIT: I can't get the formatting to work, but picture a horizontal "HELLO" with "LEMON" coming off the HELLO's second "L". ... and you click on the "l" in lemon, it highlights "hello". You really should NEVER have ambiguity like that. Maybe a second click should alternate between them. Nevermind, I'm stupid, it does work [the double-clicking]. But lesson learned: Other people are going to be stupid, too. And apparently my earlier problems were due to latency. If you go too fast, the updates come up a little oddly, and the letters switch 1) When you type, 2) A moment later to something historical, and 3) Back to what you typed. The screenshots need to NOT fly by. Put a link, "Next ScreenShot" at the top. I call this the "Forbes Magazine slideshow problem", because forbes does that to a ridiculous degree. One thing: I've used products like this in the past, and really didn't like them. Yours certainly looks nicer, but the big problem is that most admins (most good admins) like to stay closer to the command line. So, a quick suggestion: When someone envokes this or that command by clicking around, stick it in a rolling log, clearly visible. So, if I press "Start Tomcat", I see a little box that says: /etc/init.d/tomcat5 start ...and if I press "Restart Machine" I see: shutdown -9 now ...if you know what I'm saying. This will allow people to see precisely what's going on, and let them ditch the admin screen as needed and replicate the commands manually. _the Russian mafia_ A joke? Or is Levchin a member? The big advertising spender is Proctor & Gamble, which leads at $4.9 billion. 4,900,000,000 dollars to differentiate soap. I'm surprised Newspapers are still as high as they are. It's going to look more and more like the Geritol and Gold Bond powder presents Lawrence Welk and his Champagne dancers hour . Can Geritol save the NY Times? It would be interesting to give people who make claims like that a taste test. We sometimes see odd results from professional testers in blind tests: You know, Two-buck chuck and MCD's premium coffee winning huge competitions. Put some boone's farm in a decanter, and I'll bet your snootiest guest will like it, even if its "a little sweet". I think I can tell the difference between caffeine and non-caffeine coke, but it might just be the label. Maybe I'll test myself sometime... Oh, man. I thought women wanted high culture. Have you ever really observed women (and sometimes men) talk about celebrities. Women talk about Paris Hilton or whatever oddly-crrepy-looking person is "of the moment" as if they were family members or close friends. "Oh, can you believe that she would..." "And then she said..." "We saw here do that are were like , whatever..." Etc. Funny how rarely people can recognize how they are being manipulated. Even if typing crap into this blog (sorry, news aggregator) is a faux social activity, at least there's a chance someone will read and respond to me. I know a guy who would make a good partner. Good programmer, with domain knowledge. But Wife+family+a love of FPSs == nevermind. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicon_programming_language http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubercode http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniface_%28programming_language%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UnrealScript_programming_language (Don't ask me where I got my info) Two weeks? Wow. And those eight hours of sleep you get seem brutal... There are two things being said here: 1. Implicit is better because it avoids people's corrupted "conscious" minds. 2. Implicit is better because it is harder to game. The corollary to #2 is: An implicit system can, in fact, be gamed, but it requires cleverness/sleuthing/persistence/money/massive organization/etc/etc...whatever the situation calls for. Google uses 40+ variables to determine what gets on the front page. Digg uses 1 variable. ...if something smells funny on Digg's front page, it's usually pretty clear, and it's pretty obvious _what_ is going on. There's one method to game Digg, and because of the simplicity, the community and the admins should be able to put in counter-measures that are equally simple. With google...eh. Who knows? It's security through obscurity. One thing is certain: The well-pageranked of google are an enduring elite, whose only real enemies are the heuristic wizards deep within google itself. The phone system could be described the same way. Paypal originally tried to draw all revenues off the float (IIRC), and it didn't work too well. Of course, it didn't hurt with respect to attracting customers. I can't wrap my head around the price. I'd seriously rather blow 600 dollars on a bottle of wine. At least it would be a real status symbol. I'd like an email client that automatically skins threads into a forum (like this one). That'd be easy. Exactly. After 10,000 tests in 20+ years of formal schooling, one more should do it. File that under "Problems you'd like to have," because by the time you have it, you're probably already wealthy. I'm surprised he missed some of the more traditional strategies used to retain people, such as "Hire married men with young children." I would also add: "Hire people who are physically or socially unattractive." This exploits the market's inefficient allocation of pretty boys/girls to jobs they are unqualified for, and provides you with good workers who are less likely to charm recruiters. (Note: Don't do that for sales positions.) Sams Teach Yourself SQL in 10 Minutes, Third Edition Eh. I taught myself VB 4.0 in, like, 6 minutes. Books like that of course teach you things as slowly as possible. I've seen programming books that got to arrays on page 450. By contrast, the MIT lectures (where sicp is introduced) is already on recursion vs. iteration and big O() notation by the second hour. I'll be surprised if Google lasts as long as Microsoft. They sure as hell won't last as long as WalMart. Not a chance. As has been pointed out, MSFT could destroy half the revenue of google tomorrow by adding an ad blocker to IE. It's probably their long term goal (they do have a long term, you know) to take that revenue, and so they don't bother. As for CostCo, they simply don't have any choice but to do the best for their shareholders, and that can mean a lot of different things, from apeing WalMart to contrasting with it. 17 dollars an hour (or whatever) for retail workers strikes me as ridiculous, but they may well have a good reason for it. Mom-and-pop shops usually pay minimum, WalMart a few bucks over minimum, while Costco pays more than factory wages. Maybe wages fall under their marketing budget... 1,700/month for a garage? I hope it's a lie. I heard a rumor that doubleclick came up with the idea. Anything that encourages ideological movements among ignorant people is bad, and design patterns do just that, from what I've seen. I've seen grown men spend hours and hours and hours talking about AbstractFactory patterns. I've seen, to a degree, that your ability to discuss the implementation of AbstractFactories can influence your reputation more than the software that actually gets created. So it will take 1 (one) must-have application written in Flash or Java to make iPhone buyers look like fools? Sounds okay to me. So I'm thinking, "Well, I've never heard of this bug tracker called 'mongrel' so I'll check it out...". Turns out "Mongrel" is a web server and not a bug tracker. So, I'm guessing Zed never heard the one about the apple and the orange. ...I read up until he started criticising the Apache web server. Now, I won't claim to be an expert, but I'm guessing there's a reason beyong it being a "big turd" for the 2 billion installations. Oh, well. Tip to writers: As long as you are anonymous, pour on the bile. Who cares? But when you've got your name attached, don't actively try to make every enemy you can. Some even have their parents in the room for added help, and many respected companies are willing to engage parents in the hiring process if that's what the candidate wants (!!!) Wow. Depending on the circumstances, I would escort the iddle bitty baby right to the front door, or... Explain that nepotism is absolutely forbidden. I guess since the point of most websites is to deliver content, style should really just make that easy, and not annoy people. But still...seems like websites are getting more uniform (especially the examples we see there). Last website I made, I just copied an old .css file, made 5 minutes worth of changes, BANG, style. I'm pretty sure that's the industry standard process. for (i = 0; i Odd example to use. It's always annoying to re-type the same thing over and over. But I recently went through a mountain of my Java code and replaced: for (Object obj : list) with int size=list.size(); for (int index=0;index I'm definitely very long suffering! It took a few hours but what you get with abstractions is a loss of control over implementation. When you use the tighter loop, the compiler turns everything (roughly) into this: Iterator it=list.iterator(); //Which calls new ListItr(); for (it.hasNext()) { Object next=it.next(); The abstraction has to do that because it doesn't know whether the list (really, the java.util.Collection) is a LinkedList or an ArrayList or a Set. If your loop itself is in a tight loop, it isn't hard to call it millions and millions of times during program execution--which makes millions and millions of unnecessary allocations and method calls. There is a loss of performance which, at the end of the day, is more important than how much you enjoy your job. Of course, other languages would allow you to specify an implementation for a given abstraction. 70 days and 2 people would work much better than 2 days and 70 people. Ning is the only online service where you can create, customize, and share your own Social Network for free in seconds. Snore. A quick change to the data model of myspace or facebook and you'd have the same thing. Just default a subset of users to a given skin, tack on their own domain, myclub.facebook/myname, and you're done. Seems like...Apple wanted a sweetheart deal that threatened to change to overall relationship between Verizon and its other partners. People like Craig always seem ( seem , since I don't have a wormhole into his brain) to have this moralistic I-am-not-for-profit attitude. Does it ever occur to his, seriously, that every single entity posting on his site is ravenously trying to make the greatest/easiest/cheapest possible buck? ...and that he is facilitating that immoral attitude? My use of the word "immoral" is ironic. No. "the use of words to convey a meaning that is the opposite of its literal meaning" http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/irony ...not that this is worth arguing about. Whenever I have cash I have a slightly panicky feeling that it is gradually falling in value (which, of course, it is) and that buying something is the only way of preventing this process. So, I don't keep cash. I guess most people would be quick to say, "That's no problem at all", and maybe even add an "of course" statement like Of course, there is nothing wrong with owning a pornography business , even though there are plainly a few things wrong with it. Funny how the received wisdom of the day changes, and how most morality is so knee-jerk. In the past, any association with pornography would have been deeply shameful. Now, if the MSM published a "story" on how phillip morris owns Nabisco, you can bet there would be a lot of people expressing outrage over that association (cigarettes, unlike porn, being quite evil). Oh well. meeting people, going places, doing work, and through unavoidable suffering Rather odd summary of the holocaust experience. I'm really not sure if it's a good model for web design though. 375 million isn't a firesale; especially when you're dealing with "email archiving" which sure sounds like a wrapper around the "cp" command. Most successful programming language ever? Whitespace: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_ (programming_language) In fact, we're all programming in it right now, though we'd be getting some compilation errors. The first greatest economic boom came with the mass replacement of animal power with steam power. The second greatest economic boom started around 1910 with the coming widespread deployment of automobiles, airplanes, indoor plumbing, refrigeration, radio and telephones. I'm still inclined to give the position to steam. Coaxing a lump of coal to do more work than a team of horses was an exponential shift (while staying within the realm of widespread application, unlike fission.) Serious question: Is there a tool that generates these spreadsheets: http://i209.photobucket.com/albums/bb307/julianpaling/aerobe... Is that a google utility? ...or did he do that himself? Well, it's only about twice electronic arts' valuation: http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=ERTS ...but consider the fact that facebook's awesome abilities include showing pictures on a webpage . No WAY anyone is going to crack through that entry barrier. oops. I mean half. What happened to the edit button? _cool design_ I beg to differ. Oh. I seriously thought that its allure was a mix of voyeurism and exhibitionism. Mention that most jobs involve: 1. Pushing paper around, and/or, 2. Kissing ass to [bosses|customers|random people on the phone] Programmers, by contrast, actually get to create something, like craftsmen of the past. One of the very few jobs where that is true. Nix the word "hacker". It either has a bad connotation or is an unrealistic ambition for 7th graders (to those who understand the "good" connotation, a hacker is a person of rare abilities.) C++. Pshaw. Only crap companies like ID Software use that. What has Quake got on the awesome expressiveness of Flickr, or Facebook or Google Suggest? I mean, just in terms of sheer output, consider that BOTH Flickr and Facebook are able to...display text on a screen! And put jpegs in neat columns in div tags! Pshaw. What has C++ got on that? Seriously. Do away with the tunnel vision. When you're talking consumer software, all of the output of all of the languages of the world combined absolutely pale compared with that of C/C++. The kiss-to-ass ratio on that site is just too, too high. "Hey, everyone, I've come up with a completely banal and already-been-done idea." Oh, mmm, mmm, Aaron you're so smart, mmm...SMAAck Kiss! True enough. My problem is the oh-you're-such-a-genius vibe I get from the comments there. It's just something I've noticed time and time again throughout my life--people judge based almost entirely on perceived authority, reputation, and past performance. Oddly, it's something that seems to get worse as IQ levels rise. Now, he's smart enough to pay attention to--I won't fault anyone for that--but when he comes up with an idea that was started by PG (project gutenberg) in 1971 (!) it just ain't a work of genius. Easier said than done. Consider version control, which is, in a sense, one big system for allowing "undos". Just today, I spent an hour struggling with subversion which seems to have a different error for every seeming non-error situation. "Obstructed update", "Item is out-of-date", "Error bumping revisions post-commit (details follow):" [And they DO] Okay, so version control deals with TEXT, but applications deal with internal states that have innumerable interactions. For every one of those crazy subversion errors there are lots of data corruptions that could occur--and once they do, you've stuck your user with something potentially unsolvable through manual intervention. A simple example would be: User deletes event at 3:00 - 3:30. User adds event at 3:00 - 3:30. User undeletes event at 3:00 - 3:30. Fairly easy to resolve, seemingly: 1. Undelete selected. 2. Check conflict. 3. [possible actions]: a) Announce conflict. b) Override new event. c) Allow multiple events at same time. (Hmm...was this allowed through normal interractions.) d) Prevent undelete, but allow the user to delete new event. ...that sort of thing can balloon uncontrollably. Suddenly, for every "undo" you have a tree of options for every possible conflict that may have arrisen from system state changes. No, a better way would be: 1) Generic undo selected. 2) New event undone. 3) Generic Undo selected. 4) Old event restored. ...but then you have a system-wide "version control" system to deal with. Friendster will also sit tight, until the next firesale. The big advantage of not selling seems to be: If you sell, you have to stop playing the CEO game. Success isn't something you can luck into every time you make a copycat website: Usually they don't take off in a big way. If you cashed out, you'd have cash, but you would stop being a mighty-famous bigshot. The word "troll" actually goes way back. The artform is actually a bit more dignified than people think now. The first "troll" was supposedly Jonathon Swift with his "Modest Proposal" pamphlet (the title was posthumous by several hundred years, of course). The basic idea was: You start off by being reasonable, getting people to believe you, and then become more and more extreme until the point of ridiculousness. Now, troll means: Someone who goes and makes obvious, inflammatory statements trying to start arguments. Often, "Troll" as used means: Someone who disagrees with the general consensus. That's a dangerous definition. Kos seems to think that a paid political agitator (another old trade) is also a "troll" when on the internet. Not so. A few tips: 1. Open up Microsoft word. 2. Type all that out. 3. Save it as "Resume.doc" 4. Don't open it again until your next job search. This crappy article gave me a thought. The advantage of not allowing downmods on this site seems to be: It's impossible to actively bury submissions, and so things only rise on popularity. But, at some point, that stops mattering. So, what if, after a certain # of points or after a certain position is reached, a downmod arrow appears? A few applications that built this functionality have been taken off-line by request for TOS violations So that's what happened to File > Save As in Internet Explorer. For me, instance messaging has replaced the telephone. It is, frankly, better in every way when discussing technical matters. Email is better when you need to make a more elaborate statement that doesn't require back-and-forth communications. I have had business email written in the style of text messages. To me, this is offensive, and it's a trend I hope ends. Which of the following would you prefer: 1. A flower from your sweetheart? 2. A warm puppy? 3. A properly formatted data file? ANSWER! _none of their employees "go bad"_ This won't happen to you? Okay. I trust you. _never confronted by a subpoena_ If you get a subpoena for a passphrase for a client, you will give it up. Yes you will. Now, if someone was holding terroristic bombcodes or whatever and REALLY didn't want people getting them, they ain't backing up anything online. The same people who need real security aren't going to be uploading their data anywhere . Let me answer that for him. Google has X great products and Y employees. (...etc)