The code is pretty damn ugly (but then, most emulator code is), and the project is pretty much dead, seeing that the latest commit is from 2010. Why is this on here again? Doesn't make it fake; iirc the article doesn't state the diamonds being of gemstone quality / purpose. There does happen to be at least one operating system that supports this: Windows. ^___^ Actually, nobody likes pushy sales staff, ever. Yes, my main grievance with git add -p as well; someone fix this. But Chrome - and any sensible browser, really - will scale down JS execution on pages not in the foreground; you can see this in for example Piecon ( http://lipka.github.com/piecon/ ), which will only update the favicon in your background tab bar at half the speed (if that). Well, that's one point where Javascript should - and will! - improve, modularization. At the moment there is no default dependency framework - you can't say 'my module X depends on modules Y and Z'. Well, not by default anyway; there's CommonJS's modules, AMD, and in Javascript Harmony another 'standardized' module framework. I personally use requireJS in a rather large Backbone project, and it works remarkably well. "Dude Backbone only works for trivial examples, and even then, and I mean, even with trivial examples, Backbone is almost useless." I disagree. Backbone is a structuring framework; if you can't make it work with bigger projects, you're doing it wrong. In fact, true silence will make you insane. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_deprivation Can't find the article right now, but they once put people in a completely soundproof room; their minds started to make up sounds and increased their hearing sensitivity to the point where they could hear their own muscles move. I believe the longest one lasted 45 minutes. I would imagine that exposing yourself to noise (on high volume?) 18 hours a day would cause permanent hearing damage. Squid? Cthulhu. I kinda disagree; if your comments, observations etc don't JUMP OUT AT YOU READ THIS THIS IS IMPORTANT!1one, they're not important, apparently. This also goes for other people's code, really. There is often a difference between code and comments, which causes people to read the code instead of the comments. However, one cause is that comments don't draw the attention because they're often in a dimmed, 'this is not important' color scheme - the other is that there's too much comments that don't add value to the code. You could select it and get a good highlighted color. Nobody's stopping you from installing Git alongside Mercurial; even if you're not going to use it on a day to day basis, things like sublime text themes and whatnots are easily installed with a git clone. Depends. Apparently, 80%* of applicants can't do fizzbuzz right. *: random figure Which algorithms, what implementations thereof? > edit: The funniest result of being a quick typist is that I use copy+paste less than I did a few years ago. Often the context switch between typing and selecting is too much work and it's quicker to just type things twice. Same for me, ish; I often find myself just using backspace and retyping the last few words if I find a typo a few words back, as opposed to reaching for the mouse and redoing just that word, or using the keys to go back. Going four words back is usually a matter of alt + left-left-left, alt-backspace, re-type, but still I find myself just deleting the last couple words and retyping it. I learned to touch type with the home row thing, but I never find my fingers really going back to the home row, they just go to the next letter that needs to be typed. I guess with experience comes automatism, which in my case doesn't always involve going back to the home row after typing a letter. Or something. o rly? I, and probably the other 'fast' typists here, type a lot faster than they can talk - plus, almost nobody can 'speak' perfectly, so corrections - even if assuming the speech-to-text converter has a 100% accuracy rate - will be very frustrating. A better system would be a thought-to-sane-text conversion. But I doubt that'll ever be possible, :p. Well on the one hand it is brain activity - games and code excite the brain, and it can't simply click shut off and sleep. On the other hand, it's light - the light from your computer screen goes straight into your eyes and to your brain, that tells you "IT'S STILL DAY". The brain / eyes need darkness / dusk to start producing melatonin, the sleep molecule. So, turn off your screens, don't look at mobile phones, and if possible turn the TV off too, or at the very least dim them to the lowest brightness setting at least an hour before attempting to go to sleep, preferably two. Software like f.lux will help too; studies show that white/blue lights will wake you up, while red, warm colors will make you sleepier. f.lux will make the screen a nice warm, soft red after sundown, mimicking natural sundown (while making it brighter / 'colder' during the day, keeping you awake while you work). 6 = ????? 7 = PROFIT Self-service indicates that staff income is high; it's either self-service, or increase prices to the customers, which in turn lowers availability of the service and overall lowers income. etc. This post, as well as others, just again highlights the 'to each his own' truth; some people prefer silence, some prefer noise. As an employer, if they care about noise when it comes to a working environment, this must be a very hard thing to balance / get right. More hours does not equal higher productivity. Working for six hours on a single commit (as the poster indicates) means the commit is far, far too large. Unless he means 'feature', then it's okay. And yet, with clear indication that certain areas are quiet zones, people and organizations should be able to rely on the common decency of people. People will in 99% of cases respect any 'no smoking' signs without enforcement from a 'shusher', so why not the 'be quiet' signs? And the best keyboards are also the noisiest, :p. Wordpress is its own PHP framework; in fact, PHP itself is a framework, provides everything frameworks do from database querying to templating. They don't need to be in order to have weaknesses; just look at all the security problems coming from Adobe's PDF reader, which afaik can't execute code, but where the input (PDF documents), if cleverly crafted, can create buffer overflows allowing for arbitrary code execution. > (or something else with multiple cursors IDEA supports multiple cursors, actually, ;). As for IDE support, I find Sublime text extended with a few key plugins to be just as good as a proper IDE when it comes to (in my case) front-end development; JS checking with JSHint, syntax highlighting for html/js/less, quick HTML using ZenCoding, andsoforth. Same, although we use it in combination with Require, so we had an 'events' module: define(["Backbone", "underscore"], function(Backbone, _) { return _.extend({}, Backbone.Events); }); and a dependency on 'events' in all our modules: define(["Backbone", "events"), function(Backbone, Events) { // stuff Events.on("event", stuff); }); Funny, I only just finished refactoring our codebase (dozens of views, models, routers) using a 'custom' implementation of the listenTo mechanic, as well as a custom 'close' method for views that would deregister the events again: this.registeredModelEvents.push({ model: model, eventName: eventName, callback: callback, context: context }); model.on(eventName, callback, context); Here's to hoping we can update to 0.9.9 soon. Shouldn't be a problem. I for one don't or barely talk about what I do in my spare time at work anymore. In two instances, I was stared at in disbelief when I admitted I don't do much programming in my spare time (once to a colleague, once to a manager. The manager has been ill for six months due to overworking / stress and gave up his management position). They almost made me feel guilty for not continuing with my work after work hours - almost, because they're wrong. And second because I don't really train bears or do stand-up comedy, my personal life is pretty dull :p. I believe I mainly have things like flight simulators with inverted controls. But it kinda makes sense there too, since in a plane you pull back (= down) on the stick to go up. No, but the personal license is now actually cheaper than the academic license (at least for IDEA), so you're actually better off. Pretty sure the academic license is no longer valid as soon as you finish school. It seems they got HNned / slashdotted / reddited (?) pretty quickly. Here's to hoping they can get it back up soon - I postponed buying a license because I didn't have enough money on my paypal account last time. I'm inclined to believe (if they want to be nice to their customers) that they'll extend the offer if the site remains unavailable like it is right now for the next 24 hours. But for the slow sites highlighted, I don't understand why client-side performance and bandwidth usage apparently isn't a priority; I mean, their site, their front-end is their primary product, the thing they make money off of. A ten second load time is simply unacceptable; just look at the performance guys at Google, who have and are working hard to shave milliseconds off of page load time. I'm probably going to offend a few people here, but creating a website without or with minimal performance optimization is just plain sloppy and uncraftmanshiplike work. Get your act together, or get a different job. I love how that last picture shows two people, one glass. Reminds me of something a bit more contemporary. > I wonder what percentage of the population will have never owned a DVD player in the next generation. Probably the same amount of people that have never owned a record player or, for the younger people, a CD player. > If netflix owned their own hardware and could reach out and touch it, would this have happened? Yes, outages happen whether you have the hardware in your own hands or have it hosted by a cloud provider. Not to mention the hundreds of local accents, sub-languages and even manners of speech and expression. Of course, that's also applicable to the US on a somewhat larger scale. Heeeeeeey sexy ladeh :p Well, that kinda depends on whether Bitcoin is recognised by the US government (or whichever) as legal tender; if not, it's virtual money, and you can do whatever you want with it (like ISK in Eve Online, for example). Which is also the main problem with Bitcoins; you get the 'open source' money, but without the existing banking system and its securities, or the governments and their laws behind it. Your Bitcoin exchange gets hacked and you lose your coins? Your problem. You bet money in a dodgy bitcoin betting site and lose it? If the 'owning' government doesn't recognise it as legal tender, your problem. > There should be 1 or 2 names on it max. The founder and co-founder's? Couldn't resist, :+) > Be prepared, when reminiscing about the good times, to be reminded of some equally bad times. And the enormous quantity of time spent doing nothing memorable, good or bad. The actual 0.9.10 changelog is at http://backbonejs.org/#changelog Thanks for linking to that one, the redirect thing is very annoying (and time-consuming, relatively speaking, which for a speed-obsessed party like google isn't a good thing or very representative) I can't focus on my programming if it's noisy / there's people talking, but I don't feel right when it's dead silent either, :p. I like music while working. Also, having headphones on does not imply high volume / risk of hearing damage; using noise-cancelling (passive or active) headphones or earplugs, you can even lower the overall volume of noise you get daily; the din of a busy office room can be quite high in terms of decibels. And hearing damage is a factor of decibels * length of exposure. $('img').live('mouseover', function() {}); Same, but nicer, listens to mouseover events on img elements that may not exist yet. Then again, this will - if I understand correctly - cause the event to bubble up in the DOM until it reaches the root element, where jquery's live callback handler will check what element the event took place on and invoke that callback. Actually, that is a copy of DHTML lemmings from before the age of WebGL, Ajax, CSS sprites (alistapart only came up with an article about CSS sprites a year later), html5, or any of that fancy modern stuff kids these days play with. The original is at http://www.elizium.nu/scripts/lemmings/ . And background info / blogpost, written seven years later by the author: http://crisp.tweakblogs.net/blog/3881/dhtml-lemmings-primer.... Right hand is the one where your thumb is on the left (and vice-versa). Invert this if your hands are palm-side up. :p One could perhaps do something with opening two terminal windows that connect to the same ST session, but put the font size of one of them to tiny. Whipping it out when there's a major battle going on, becoming the star and centerpiece (or one of them) of it, :p. All's fair in love and Eve, :p. In a case like this, it seems the non-SA folk got fed up and ganged up on them. As it should be. No dominant force can remain dominant; if they piss off enough folk, either by being evil or just by owning all the things, said folk will band together and take them on. And that's one part I love about Eve (despite not playing it); the dynamic and self-organizing nature of the universe and its market. And in Eve, this is even more feasible because, unlike an FPS or even MMO's like WoW, movement is generally slow and controlled. You don't have direct control over your ship; instead, you can only issue commands like 'head for this waypoint', 'orbit this point of interest', etcetera. This would, I think, greatly simplify server communication of movement and such, compared to direct user input where they could change their orientation much more suddenly. And even that can be optimized away - after all, in Eve, you basically issue commands like 'lock onto this ship' and 'activate this cannon', which will then fire every X seconds - all each client has to know is the target, ship information, and a toggle command for a given weapon, the rest can then be determined completely on the client-side when it comes to the visuals. Every X ticks, data (like health) of the target ship can be sent through - although I reckon that too would be optimized away and only sent on-demand, i.e. when the user actually selects the ship under attack. Or a simple link check. $("#input[type='password']").val("secret"); The "qhimm team", from the qhimm website, are rather famous in the FFVII fanworld, it's probably the biggest modding community out there. The mods, mostly for the PC version of FFVII, have dragged the game over the various versions of Windows, improved the models, etcetera. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, one of the qhimm developers that made the game compatible for modern Windows versions and added graphical updates was hired by Square to work on FFVII's PC re-release a few months ago - at least, parts of the new code correspond to an existing mod. I love (sarcasm) how a supposedly technologically superior and enlightened species of non-earth intelligent beings would only be out to destroy or punish us, according to science fiction and a lot of people. I'm sure they can see from the pixels and from seeing quite a bit of shoops in their time ;) > I'd just use Rails as a default for most things I do these days, and if it's not a good fit, evaluate other technology. But ZOMG RAILS IS INSECURE, quick, switch to something else! [/sarcasm]. Evaluating other technology is the opening of the rabbithole. Negativity here, the pictures are horribly warped (possibly to capture more of the room in one shot) which gives a skewed perception of office sizes, and of course the people look staged. Could be actors, given the surreal-looking male/female distribution (or it's not a developer office). (not a sexist remark, just a comment on the poor male/female ratio in software development in general) > Cost for GitHub/Bitbucket vs. time to maintain another web application? Hmm... Both Github's and Bitbucket's prices max out at $200 a month; if you're a freelancer, that's worth about 2 - 4 hours of your time per month. That amount is easily spent on hosting/managing your own repositories. If you can avoid spending 2 - 4 hours a month on repositories, go for those. $200 is nothing if you're running a business. No? Else the link / project would be called "Learn CVS Branching" > Once you wrap your head around d3 Key point here. Highcharts' customers are companies and website builders that don't have, get, or take the time to wrap their heads around D3, they just need to chuck a graph or two on their site(s), then move on to the next thing. It's not idealistic, but it's the reality. I'm personally surprised there's not a lot more commercial JS libraries like Highcharts out there, seems to me there's a big market for those. >> How does caching the files indefinitely lead to better ad targeting? >It doesn't, of course. That's pure FUD; Chrome doesn't contribute to ad-serving in any form other browsers don't. Actually, I'd argue that caching files (indefinitely or otherwise) speeds up the internet for the user; higher speed = more pageviews = more ad impressions and potential ad clicks. Google's quest for internet speed is a win-win-win win for us since we get faster internet, win for them since they get more ad impressions / revenue, another win for them for gaining goodwill and a positive reputation. > My issue with chrome is that it eats up a lot more RAM than Firefox. When doing research, I often have 30-50 tabs open. With Chrome my system runs out of physical RAM and starts thrashing. With Firefox, the UI becomes unresponsive due to it's single threaded design. Alternatively, since you seem to be a power user, you could consider upgrading your hardware to 8 or 16 GB of memory; it's not that expensive nowadays, and given your power user status, more memory = faster computer experience = higher productivity. Or just more tabs. [old man mode] Back in the day we upgraded our computers instead of blaming software. > What does this teach kids? That there is no justice in the world except that which you take by violence? It teaches me, at least, that bullies get away with what they do because they don't get reprimanded enough. Physical pain is still the best thing to associate with negative or undesirable behavior. I see a distinct trend when it comes to bullying: 1. Kid gets bullied 2. Kid snaps, stands up for himself, beats up bully 3. Kid does not get bullied anymore I don't think physical violence is inherently wrong. Excess and systematic violence - as employed by a certain category of bullies - is, but some pain to associate bad behavior with is, I think, a critical part of upbringing and steering behavior. On systematic physical abuse, this is what happens when you get away with it. See also comment #2 ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5284818 ); it stopped the moment the bullied stood up for himself and showed the bully, via a serving of physical violence, that his behavior is unacceptable and not without consequence. Spoiled kids that misbehave at school often are exemplary students at school, simply because teachers are able to get them to realize their behavior is unacceptable. That 'toggle' should also be done to bullies though, and I for one can't understand why not more is done about it in schools besides the rather static and easily ignored 'awareness' lessons. And yet, being 'locked in', as you describe it, teaches a valuable life lesson: sometimes you have to deal with what you have, instead of run away or hide. As described above, sometimes you need to punch a factor that makes your situation undesireable and triggers your "flight" response to greatly increase your situation. As in, this is your life, deal with it. You can't run away, so fix your problems instead of running from them. Teachers turn their back on you, so it's up to you. etc etc etc. Learning that will help you in your life. Your job sucks: you can either run away and find something else, or you can kick it into high gear and make it worth your while, save the company, get rich. Depending on situation, of course. And yet, the net result is the same; right-click, clear table, or ./clearTable.sh. Both are human actions, and both are fallible. What if some prankster edited clearTable.sh to do the users table instead of the raids table? What if he did it himself to test something? > But we won't see it until some bigger gamedev is willing to risk a fair chunk of change on the browser as a gaming platform. They are, just as they're active on mobile platforms - EA, Epic and Square-Enix are notable examples. But they don't bother with AAA games (much as they like to pretend they are and attach them to those franchises), instead they target the casual player, that spends up to half an hour on a game per time, and/or that gets addicted to addicting games (w/ microtransactions). And the formula works for them; low development cost (5 - 10 dev team), high returns. Epic's Infinity Blade (and sequel) are the highest grossing games (in terms of development cost versus returns) of all time, at least, for Epic. > Case in point: I grew up in the rural midwest, but had computers. So computers are something I deal best with in situations with little to no people around. Hackathons are the opposite of that. Took me like, 2 attendances to realize that, and now I just avoid them. Hell, I even avoid career situations that put me in that environment, because I don't work well there. Sounds familiar. I think there's basically two types of developers (and people): extroverts and introverts. Hackathons, 'social' coding, pair programming and whatnots are for the extroverted category; external stimulation (in the form of other people, the ability to bounce ideas off of them) is what stimulates them, while introverts don't need that to become stimulated; they can, in fact, be overstimulated and end up trying to filter out the excess of impulses, which is draining to them, not to mention distracting. > How do I get my kids into that school? Paying $30K - $50K a year in tuition fees should do it. I was under the impression that pretty much all of the major US cities were 24/7 economies, with store times matching up. > E.g., here's a study showing that even very slow walking (1.77km/hr) prevents you from typing quickly on a cell phone Isn't that because you're looking at a screen and can't see where you're going? :p I would count that as a definite factor (not having read the study), but, I can imagine that even without the screen, people walk slower when typing, as concentrating on the words is distracting a faster walk. > Based on Ubuntu but going its own direction. Like how Ubuntu is/was based off Debian but going its own direction? ;) And that's exactly where they're going here; offer a long warranty and easy returns, while producing a product that's cheap enough (definitely in 5 - 10 years) that people won't actually bother with it. It's what happens with mainstream consumer electronics; 3 years warranty, sure, but would you return a $30 machine to the webshop you got it the cheapest to claim that three years later? Windows never stopped anyone from installing an alternative browser either, or from picking a different default browser; the latter point is more of a usability point really (selection screen for every action or pre-set browser setting). Microsoft got the fine and was required to put this thing up (as it did with WMP) because IE was installed by default (Opera cried it was unfair competition, as Real did for WMP; neither benefited significantly from their complaints iirc, while MS had to bleed for them) and, technically, because it was so integrated with the OS you couldn't uninstall it. I honestly don't get why Microsoft / Windows is still the only party that has to do this, or why Microsoft himself hasn't struck back by having the EU put the same requirements on OSX and Linux. Then again, IE isn't available for OSX/Linux, so Microsoft wouldn't have anything to gain (unlike Opera / Real, that could compete with IE / WMP). The incarceration rates (disregarding racial issues for now) aren't only to blame on the government, but iirc mainly on the privatization of the prison business; there was a huge spike in incarceration rates and length of prison terms when that came about in the 90's (I believe), good graph about that out there somewhere. > Maybe subliminal messaging then? Ask for a review after the user gets 5 stars in a level? :p To be honest, dismantling their military regime, opening their borders and requesting help would be more effective. > Afaik, gender equality was much better in the USSR than it is today in the US. I wouldn't call it gender equality, when it's apparently limited to a certain field (IT) and when comparing then with now. I'm not a historian or a cultural expert, but I do know two things: * The majority of software developers in the early days were women. Programming was seen as clergy work, administration, and the existing administrators (then mostly women) were simply transferred to work with computers. * There are percentually much more women working in the IT industry in eastern Europe than in western Europe or the US. I'm not sure if that percentage switched much over time. I don't even know how many men work in IT in eastern Europe; for all I know it's a women-dominated field (thus, no gender equality either, although I prefer a term indicating equal gender distribution, which is rare in pretty much every professional field) At the other discussion above, about strong, working women, this was very much true, both in reality and in propaganda posters, during WW2 in the western world / the US; since the men were off to fight the war, the women had to do the work, keep the US industry going, build weapons, etcetera. Then the men returned and took over those jobs again, or something. It's not more durable, it's easier to patch up. Simply said, this technique allows maintenance workers to heat the bitumen up uniformly, allowing it to flow and fix its own small cracks and brittleness, and avoiding larger damages over time. > Do you never find a page and think, "ah, this will be useful for project X later"? I do. Then I delete them again three years later when I bother to check my old bookmarks. What I'm missing is information about what OS(es) this one will run at. I really like good (or amusing) screensavers, even if they've grown out of fashion in favor of energy savings on laptops and the like. I still troll people with the BSOD screensaver in Ubuntu (although you have to manually install / setup xscreensaver nowadays, again due to energy efficiency) And I think that is a valuable lesson too. As a developer, the end-goal is to produce something of value, working software, not spend hours frowning over pointers and references. That was my early experience with C/C++, in any case. I did end up finishing my assignments (ranging from a fractal generator via a microcontroller operating an RC boat to a simple 3D FPS game), but I did feel a lot of overhead with non-functional things. Of course, you get the same thing in Java when you first encounter a NullPointerException, ;) JFDIN? :+) > Still open to explanations of why ninjas have an enhanced coding ability though. Do they? Seeing that you can't actually see ninjas, how can you see they have an enhanced coding ability? ;) It's still a copyright violation; the DMCA, as mentioned above, is (iirc) more related to sharing of copyrighted materials on websites that host user-generated content (such as copyrighted videos on youtube or copyrighted visuals or code on github). The DMCA doesn't apply or need to be mentioned here, as the pre-DMCA copyright laws already cover this. The less offensive form of this kind of hotlinking prevention is to provide a small-sized image with the URL of the website it was taken from, or a hotlinking notification, not pr0n unless you want to offend unsuspecting visitors. The person that hotlinks an image for usage as a forum avatar won't even realize it most of the times because his browser cache kicks in. > I keep wondering: Does anyone actually use these social buttons? The suppliers of said social buttons do; every time you see one while you're logged into FB / G+ / Twitter, a hit of you visiting that site is registered at said parties, and they can all, thanks to the prevalence of these sharing buttons, track your internet usage. > Also, we make Backbone, $ and _ globals so we don't have to inject them in every single module. We don't; we explicitly define every dependency, always, so that it does not make any assumptions about the environment it runs in (a webpage with jquery / underscore included via script tags, for example). Second, our end-product is a single .js with Backbone and some other dependencies all combined into it. (we're not allowed to use a CDN) But things like pathfinding and game mechanics are / should be amongst the first things they make for a game like this, even before deciding and developing a visual style / graphics and sound and the like. So rushing on developing / polishing pathfinding doesn't make sense to me. > The greater problem is how the employer manages to get a hold of larger amounts of BTC needed. If I were the employer, I'd be wringing my hands; for all I know they could've gotten a small fortune in BTC when they were still cheap to generate / purchase, and since then the value of BTC has sixtupled (or more). So, pay their employees without having to spend real money. I'm probably not understanding BTC though. > Self motivation is an art. I personally think that, if you're lacking in motivation to do something but you realize it's something that needs to be done, you're lacking in self-discipline. Instead of waiting or hoping for motivation, you need to be disciplined and /do it/. Start with sleeping discipline: go to bed at 11 sharp, get up at 7 sharp, and stick with it. Excercise disipline: force yourself to go for a run every night, whether you feel up to it or not. That kinda thing. With procrastination, the general advice is to force yourself to sit down and do something that needs to be done for five minutes. Surely you can do five minutes, right? Then reward with an instant-gratification thing. The general advice is to do 30 minutes, but I'd go down to just one minute or something if it's really bad. Ask for help / monitoring, too. My brother had serious procrastination / concentration issues when he had to finish one of his last assignments. I was asked to help him out; I just asked him where he was, what needed to be doing, and er. Well, I just sat and read something while he worked. So, self-discipline, and a friend to help you keep focused on the task at hand. Ask him to shock you if you reach out for distraction or something. I'm going to be critical and say that I don't like the format of this reference; each entry in the table of contents links to a source file in github (opening in a new window/tab) instead of being, for example, a collapsed code box in the same tab. Second, they're not .js files, but .html files with (in my opinion) obsolete / unnecessary html boilerplate surrounding it. If it's simply a page to demonstrate / display JS patterns, they should be plain .js files, I think; from what I've seen, those should run equally well in a browser and node.js. I'm also not a fan of tab-based indentation, the examples could be a lot more compact (and readable) horizontally if using two-space indentation instead of tabs. > "surfaces that can be easily cleaned." Not very unlike a car repair shop, really. Except, car repair shops (at least the ones I know) are rarely clean, ;) > They are sleeping better w/o medication, they are not having anxiety attacks anymore, I could go on and on with her stories. I would definitely attribute sleeping and anxiety problems as mental issues; medication will try to mess with the body's (brain)chemistry to fix it, but, whilst not into alternative medicine, I do think non-chemical treatments - psychology, relaxation therapy, physical therapy - can help with that category of ailments. > What choice to you have besides getting somebody else to do the triage? I was going to say; if Jeremy has trouble wading through hundreds of issues, he should level up as an OS developer and start asking for help, him becoming the project leader, the underlings distributing the workload of going through issues, escalating the actually important ones to the boss. This isn't exclusive to OS development either, it's what happens and should happen in real life with management and whatnot. Of course, overdoing it causes five levels of management between Joe Developer and The Boss in the corporate world. tl;dr: delegate When I first worked with Backbone.js almost a year and a half ago, honestly, me and my team hardly had any clue what we were doing; the documentation was probably just as good as it is today, but it just didn't click with us, it seems. We did finish our application at the time (a six-screen monitoring application, think a lot of tables and some graphs), but it didn't feel "nice". A year ago we started our second project, and it made a lot more sense. It's a pretty big project, we've got ~10.000 LOC of Javascript, most of which is Backbone views/models/routers, some Handlebars helpers. The project has, based on our filenaming conventions, 18 routers, 68 views, and probably around 75+ models. Using Require.js we keep the codebase clean and organized, and using some custom functions (a close function, most importantly) we stop it from being a memory hog. I like Backbone. The major competitor is Angular, but it's more high-level; Backbone itself is just a thin layer on top of vanilla JS, jquery and underscore, really, but that's what gives it its power. Looking forward to upgrading to 1.0. The change in reset behavior will cost us some work, but it sounds like it's doable. You know, gender aside, this is what more companies should do; there's an enormous demand for skilled engineers out there, yet very few companies that acknowledge there just may not be any more in the market and they need to create said skilled employees themselves. The problem for employers is that trainees and interns are a risk; you need to screen them beforehand, and then you take a gamble about whether they'll get up to the required skill level in six months or a year to be up to par to the rest of the company's team. I heard about a major consultancy company's success in attracting interns as potential future engineers (Ordina iirc), they said the success rate was about 1 in 20. Which, for smaller companies ( The article itself states they hired eight people from Hacker School, which is daring and commendable. I'm curious as to how those people will develop themselves in the coming year. Still, optimizing the initial load is a good idea for applications like this. As an alternative, you could create an API service that returns all relevant information for the first page view in one block, instead of half a dozen smaller AJAX requests. Sounds familiar to Java's own string concatenation. In Java you use StringBuilder / Buffer to create larger strings from smaller ones; in Node you'd use Buffers, although I never dived too deep into those. I want to like tmux, I really do, but my main gripes are scrolling in panes with the scroll wheel and selecting / copy/pasting text. iTerm (osx) or Terminator (linux) handle that much better, although I admit they can't really be compared technology-wise. Alternatively, I never figured out how to select / copy text just as fast in tmux / vim / etc as with the mouse. Title is attractive, but the article itself isn't saying much, unfortunately. CCP's own developer blog is a more interesting read. Also not sure what TIBCO is trying to get out of this. Also, writing a blog about you going to write a blog isn't a good idea. > They still don't have roads full of electric cars. yet. Government subsidizes 100% electrical cars heavily in the form of low / no road taxes or lease tax, and with a high amount of But the rise is so big that i dont understand what buyers are thinking. "Hey, internet money / commodities on the rise, buy now, sell for profit, I'm in!" times tens or hundreds of thousands. Actually, the issue is not "no choice in rendering engine", the issue (with IE6) was "a shitty rendering engine" - I for one don't care if Safari / Webkit remains the only rendering engine on iOS for eternity, as long as webpages work and look well. Because that's all that matters to me, as a consumer. Simply not showing the transaction if you're not logged in and not the user belonging to the transaction? And are there any considerations nowadays to not just run the whole site under HTTPS? And yet, as far as I know, it never really broke through; I think that if Apple had come with NFC for the iPhone 5, it would've. A lot of app builders and companies aren't doing anything with NFC yet because the iPhone doesn't have it, disregarding the 70% market share Android has nowadays (although only a small percentage of those have NFC). Those that cashed in, though, are in the money. Even if they bought a few days ago, they still made a 33% markup. And the real winner is the exchange, who takes a certain percentage for each transaction. If they felt they were in the wrong, and if they provided the appropriate security measures. Does Mt. Gox even have two-factor authentication or transaction signing or anything like that? Is there a particular color Africans or Asians prefer to associate themselves with moreso than the colors chosen there? Just curious. I don't see how associating a certain continent with a certain color would be racist. > There's a water bottle in the backpack which leads me to believe that person is a runner? Doesn't every stereotypical American have a giant bottle of water in hand / on his/her lips every two minutes? > If you planted a bomb why would you stand in the crowd? Makes sense for suicide bombers. Like how the previous iterations were exciting for the validity of Java for video games? Wasn't very successful in that respect. Reminds me of that famous anecdote where NASA invested a million in developing a pen that could write in zero G, while the Russians used a pencil. I don't actually think that's difficult, there's 'commercial' botnets for hire for an X amount of time for this kind of coordinate attack. True, but technologies like this usually make their way into pre-rendering first, i.e. pre-rendered cutscenes in games, CGI scenes in movies, or fullly animated movies. Although the latter category hasn't seen much in the way of realism, mostly due to uncanny valleyness. Trivial maybe if you're a power user that knows Linux and Gnome's desktop shortcuts by heart and isn't afraid of hacking, but definitely not for the regular user Ubuntu was intended for a long time ago. Partly in some people, but imho, ask a handful of people with obesity about their eating and exercise habits (and their psychological state etc) and do the maths. Depends on whether you want to attract women that are into large biceps or those that think men with large biceps are posers spend too much time at the gym. I wonder if he's so excited about the device because it's awesome in itself, or because of all the attention and interest he gets showered with wearing it and using it to publish things online. It's a novelty; I'm sure the first people with mobile phones and later on smartphones experienced something similar, before they became a common sight. Even now, people with the newest, shiniest new phone will get some measure of attention, a confirmation for their expense. Then those three should've worked on their own feature branch. In fact, one could consider a local copy of master (or, commits made on master on one user's machine) as a feature branch, all named 'master'. Another thing, a developer doesn't need to obsessively pull every couple of minutes. If they're fixing a bug and deciding against using a branch for that (seeing that it could be just one commit), they only pull twice; once before they start working, and again when they're done and want to push to master. If there's more than one person fixing the same bug simultaneously, then it's yet another process bug. For correctness' sake, they didn't make $3000, they made 30 BTC, which could be sold on the market for approximately $3000 at the current rates, minus transaction fees and plus or minus market fluctuations. Sup dawg, I heard you like monitoring dashboards, so I added a monitoring dashboard to your monitoring dashboards so you can monitor dashboards while you monitor dashboards! I have some of that too, but tbh I don't think it's depression, psychopathy or sociopathy as the other commenters mentioned, but just a personality trait. Alternatively, it's a defense mechanism; not caring about others means your mind isn't burdened with their well-being and issues, which lightens the load. The social interactions being a game is a sign of you being an introvert; extroverts and society at large make it look natural and something you're simply supposed to know, but this isn't true for everyone. I found the social aspect becomes better and easier and more natural - or, my personality slowly shifting towards the extrovert end of the scale - as the years and experiences pass by. The outlook on life (or death, for that matter) is a nice, down-to-earth statement, releasing you from the burden of living in fear about the afterlife, and allowing you to live as you choose to, not according to a set of rules and habits as imposed by a religion or lifestyle. Finally, describing yourself as having selfish asshole syndrome shows that you're well-aware of yourself, your behavior etc, and that if you choose so, you can work on self-improvement and changing yourself. That is, if you see any reason to. Being fine with who you are is fine, as long as you're happy / content with it. tl;dr Would definitely not be the first person to confuse the Danish and the Dutch, :p I can imagine the logo problem / Microsoft's Seal of Approval also comes with a discount for OEM licenses. Not even a humorous remark to possible reverse engineers, such as // fucking memory leak, cba to fix? Or they download the whole video to pull it through an analyzer to look for stuff prohibited to be republished via FB, such as child pornography. If I were FB, I'd screen everything published via my site. And the tweets aren't even that good. Definite attempted (and failed) humor there. Everyone's a comedian. Not sure. It goes both ways. On the one side, nerds at tech conferences generally fall into the 'higher educated' category, who iirc are statistically less inclined to go into crime (and if they do, it's the type that pays off in millions instead of, say, burglar the local gas station). However. I'm inclined to believe there's a bastard in everyone. I'm also inclined to believe the amount of single, frustrated men in IT is generally higher than other areas, where frustration can turn into anger, lashing out, and misogyny. There's also 'dude culture', where people in different demographics (gender, in this case) are made fun of / stereotyped / objectified. tl;dr, it's complicated and I'm just thinking out loud here. Define "average" The thing with the people standing in a group staring blankly into space is a vision of the future; the reality nowadays is that they're holding something and looking down at it, doing roughly the same thing, but at least you can see clearly they're doing something. Haven't seen Glass in this country yet, but I can imagine it's something as disturbing as people talking on hands-free sets to phantom people. My dad picked me up and chucked me behind his first computer when I was 3 (24 years ago) to play Paratrooper with a joystick. Supposedly it didn't take too long before I could start the thing up, switch floppy disks, a: and start up the game(s). Not too long later my parents put me behind the PC whenever there was a new game so I could figure it out. It depends. If it's a work party, I'd see to arranging some budget for drinks and order some for that party separately from the regular stock. If it's a private party, I'd look into purchasing cheap soda via the job's supplier, they're usually cheaper than grocery stores. I've been cycling almost daily for all of my life and only once had an accident where I hit my head, back when I was 6. Disclaimer: I live in the Netherlands, bikes are everywhere. The main difference is that here, you have experienced cyclists (you learn to walk, then you learn to ride a bicycle), dedicated bicycle lanes, and car drivers that know there's cyclists around and look out for them. As for helmets or not, it's very much a factor of speed, risk of accidents, and the nature of the accident. Hit your head at a high enough speed (iirc, anywhere above 30 KM/h) and you'll get a concussion, even with a helmet. Maybe no cranial fracture, but still. Helmet won't protect you from breaking your neck or getting run over by a semi either. tl;dr, I don't wear a helmet, I don't need to, and I live in a country where cyclists are common. You do see people wearing helmets, but they're usually children in busy cities or speed cyclists. Sometimes both. Don't worry, bike lanes in the Netherlands can be scary too, ;). Especially if you're a tourist and compete with natives that will go faster. Perhaps even moreso on a wintry day when it's slippery. I actually wonder if Google, Amazon etc have enough idling servers to suddenly handle rendering a 90 minute movie (at approx. 11.5 hours / frame, if not more with these new lighting technologies). Well, unless they changed the sources (models, lighting etc), probably not, however, re-rending would allow for higher resolution (1080P or cinema resolutions) and higher frame rates (not sure what blu-ray does in terms of frames), as well as tiny adjustments for display on modern cinema screens and TV's. > Most bullies I know have only gone downwards in their lives, even the rich ones have only gone down with time. ^ this. I was bullied by some kid, took me years later (and processing an experience at his house) to realize he was probably beat up by his mom. Short straw went to him, imho. And yet, I'd argue that placing people at different stages of development - smart kids & dumb kids, apprentice and senior developers, etc - is a good thing. Putting kids that show increased intellect will give them a skewed perception of reality, i.e. that the average person is smart, instead of realizing diversity in people and dealing with it. Primary lesson there: You are not special. Our web application / REST API actually uses two systems; for employees, it uses HTTP basic authentication, which is validated to LDAP via Spring Security. For customers, there's a security proxy in between the front-end and our API (IBM's WebSeal), so authentication's handled completely outside of our REST API. Just a couple ideas. Actually, that technology (camera detectors) are used today in cinemas, especially during premieres and early screenings. > Neither would I. It wouldn't be true ownership. Yet that's exactly what's happening here. The OP bought a Mac, but he can't perform certain activities, because the company that built it disapproves, and they control his machine. You buy the machine, yes, but iirc, you enter a license agreement for the OS; as in, you do not buy the OS, but you buy a license to use it. There's a technical difference there. Second, as the owner of the machine, you are allowed to install a non-Mac OS on there that does allow you to take screenshots of movies, or install non-Mac-supplied video software that does not have this protection installed. cjbprime's explanation ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5792745 ) could apply to that one as well; did the iPod Touch 2G have a dedicated GPU chip yet, or was video rendering done on the CPU? I was going to comment on elevated crossings and walking up stairs, but then I saw the picture and remembered there are no regular stairs in the US, :+). Reminds me of a picture of a (rather short, ten foot) escalator going up to a gym. We had a presentation by a pair of UI design consultants, both blind, showing us how they used a computer. Their use of phrases related to seeing (that we take for granted) managed to catch the attention a lot more - and they cracked puns at it all the time. There have been numerous cases where heavy rocks and the like were tossed from pedestrian-accessible overpasses over highways. Not pleasant. Neither are underpasses, for some reason, unless well-lit and regularly maintained, they attract undesirables, vandalism, and trash. These can be mitigated by clever design though: clean, immaculate look, enough (pale/white) lighting, enough vertical space, plenty of traffic, and visibility. You know, that is a similar argument used by people to justify piracy; "I don't know if it's good, so why should I pay for it?" And still they pirate it, watch or play it for free, and are entertained for X period of time. Or not, but even so, their time has been spent, and their money hasn't. Even so, $2 isn't a huge loss if what you bought turns out to not have been worth it. And if you worry about the 40 minutes lost, then you need to learn to relax. Time wastage is not a bad thing per se. > What I don't get is why people drink Starbucks coffee. * Trusted brand (like McD's) * Atmosphere * Free wifi * Status * Crack or some other addictive substance added to the beverages > Are we even allowed to own those in the States? You, as far as I gathered, and probably depending on state etc, have a constitutional right to arm yourself to the teeth; somehow, gas masks seem a bit trivial compared to rifles. I can see how long-term use of something like that would cause problems. Yet, at the same time, it looks very relaxing and I wouldn't mind using something like that (or the OP) for X hours a day. Did the Austrians realize she was a slave? Did she realize it herself, for that matter? Everyone has stereotypes when it comes to slavery, and it's actually pretty hard to detect it, especially when the victim has been institutionalized as I can imagine this woman was. Not aware, or simply indifferent? After being educated in what really goes on in NK, he still chooses to return, and besides talking to the police and providing valuable intel on the NK government's insides, he didn't - at least not in this article - do anything to improve the situation. Or at least, not directly. He introduced Jong-Un to basketball and both him and his father to a lot of western culture, influencing to the point to where Jong-Il's burial is modeled after a movie they once watched. > you shouldn't care if someone is a dick, what you should care is if he's right. And yet, when someone offends you or attacks you, people are unlikely to take them seriously. With right-extremist nutters like Wilders, economical decline, and the singling-out of a certain demographic (muslims), which happens internationally, it's more likely than you think. Yellow stars embroidened on coats have been replaced with profiles in large databases containing a billion times more profiling data though, instead of a simple yellow-starred label. > You could probably also use those desks to reload the OV-Chipkaart with cash, but I've never tried that. You should be able to, especially the older generation has trouble with modern payment systems and (perhaps rightfully so) mistrust paying stuff by card. Second, they get in the news once, minor uproar (particularly on the internet), then... nothing. Maybe in cases like the The Pirate Bay blockade, which gets through to certain news sites from time to time whenever they get a new domain name or host, where they remind the audience that for that single web page, ISP's have been made to censor it by court order (and need to update their blocked domain names / IP addresses) > We have such a massive program, according to many; the NTSB is a big bureaucracy and a lot of people consider the whole concept of speed limits and traffic police as a encroachment upon their freedom rather than a reasonable collective decision on how to share transit arteries. A similar view is held here (in the Netherlands), where interesting new methods are created to monitor speeding. The thing is, it's not viewed - or even promoted as - something that increases safety and reduces lethal accidents on the roads, but instead as a way for the government to make money. Similarly, the way this is portrayed and kept secret by the government and the security agencies is not to reduce and prevent terrorist attacks, but to infringe upon the privacy of people using US-based online services. If the NSA and similar organizations were to be more open about what terrorist attacks they prevented, they would create more goodwill and would gain support from the people. Yet, branding terrorists and openly causing fear of terrorists and their attacks has two side-effects; one, it will make terrorists smarter and more secretive, and two, it happens in all the Orwellian dystopias, instilling fear of 'terrorists' and foreign nations in the populace as a means of control. CEO's and public figures? Definitely, if the NSA and similar agencies had the power to label them as traitors and / or terrorists (with all due consequences) and/or destroy their companies. > I mean Apple only got added in 2011. If what you're saying is true then what does this date refer to? Growing popularity and usage of icloud and apple's own messaging system? iirc, before icloud, Apple didn't have that much user data. > this assumes that you're okay with starting with an array of characters and ending up with a rope. Well, in any OO language, I guess both a string and a rope would still be considered a String object, whether it's a character array or a tree-like structure backing it wouldn't really matter to the public interface. Unreliable maybe, but they definitely embellish stores and the wording of stories and headlines to draw in more readers. You're implying here that the NSA or the US government is somehow bound by laws. I haven't seen any repercussions for the US's inhuman prison camp in Guantanamo Bay, the civilians murdered by the thousands (in total) in Iraq and Afghanistan, or the secret CIA prison facilities where fuck knows what happens. > Maybe it's just a bit more expensive / harder to integrate And probably patent-protected by Dell and needing licensing cost, instead of coming up with something they could patent themselves. Going off on a tangent, perhaps the Netherlands doesn't have serious terrorism or organized crime /because/ of these measures, quelling them before they even go public? Weren't both Vietnam and Korea wars the US was simply involved in, instead of them declaring war against someone / a nation / a government? Similarly, Iraq and Afghanistan, iirc the US merely cooperated with the UN to er. Do something with those countries. I don't want to judge your dad, but does he actually read links before clicking them? I for one don't think an employee should get the blame or punishment for a production error like this; after all, he was taught by someone, was instructed by someone, was overseen by a foreman / manager, and his work was checked (possibly numerous times) by QC and seen by other employees. More analogy, what if it was one of those storage space services and one customer rented half the storage units to store other people's stuff, then got arrested and no longer paid for the storage units. And the storage units were gold-plated and cooled and cost a fixed amount a minute they're used. I have the same thing on the one side (looking at previous code), but at the same time, I realize I was younger, less experienced, learning, experimenting, etcetera. And at the same time I'm occasionally surprised by how my code actually looked neater than I thought it was, or how I still write some code the same way (i.e. haven't found a better way). And occasionally I read stuff and go "Hey, that was actually pretty clever of me, didn't know I knew that back then". > The OP is focused on the psychological aspect, but I'm also fascinated by how much physiology plays a part in this. If it's true that your body is mostly composed of cells just a decade old, then your body is substantively different than it was the previous decade. And yet, your mental state and memories, at least as you perceive it, seem to be continuous. Not to mention how your appearance changes (for good or for bad), due to conscious effort, unconscious negligence, or external or unexpected influences, which can influence your personality and outlook on life significantly (for good or for bad). One thing to note though is that forEach and reduce can both be /theoretically/ faster; for and while loops both imply an order in processing the list, whilst forEach and definitely reduce don't; in theory, the JS interpreter can take the array, split it up into chunks (one for each core / thread), and process the list in parallel, which would / could produce results faster. But, atm, functional operations on lists are still executed single-threaded. Wouldn't mind seeing a WebWorker implementation, for example. Although somehow I think the overhead for a relatively simple calculation like this would negate the results. Investment baking web software; at the moment, every two weeks - code freeze + packaging is done on tuesdays, packaged release is about a week later (after being deployed to acceptance and getting stamps of approval from management that click through the app once or twice or something). I think we can do much faster though, weekly at least, and continuous if we improve our processes and discipline. And yet, isn't having the strongest species the goal of an evolutionary algorithm? Having multiple players do multiple runs (parallelization) and ending up with the same / a similar species sounds like a goal to me. Perhaps you'd like to see more varied species get comparable end-results, but I think you'll need a more varied obstacle course / 'goals' in that case. Which is only a guideline that can safely be ignored by whoever wants to track user behavior. hodor? > How hard can it be to re-render an already-created CG scene with a few more pixels? Quite tricky, seeing that Square-Enix no longer has the original source files to re-render these. A proper re-release would require artists to remake the environments from scratch (based on concept art or the original game). There is one of those, or in fact, multiple. Fan-made, yes, but MMO's nevertheless. One could arguably state that all of the pokemon games are MMORPG's already, seeing that you can connect to other players and exchange creatures, combat, etc. But is it really what you want? What you want is to relive that experience; a full-on PS4-style graphics remake will change the whole experience. It'll be a game with the same characters, environments, story and basic gameplay, but the feel of it will be completely different. I run a FFVII-based fansite (thelifestream.net, [/plug]), and the general consensus of the community there is that while a full FFVII remake would be nice, it would generally be criticized by the original fanbase, no matter how awesome they make it, simply because it's not the same game anymore. For an example of the only full-on remake Square ever did of one of their older titles, you could look at FFIII on the DS, remaking a 2d, sprite-based game into a 3D one. Of course, FFIII doesn't have nearly the fanbase of VII so there were less tears on the internet over it. Simple: because people are willing to pay for it. People pay fortunes for vintage toys because their parents got rid of them two+ decades ago and they want to relive their youth and have expendable income. Similarly, people want to relive their youth from 15-20 years ago with video games, and are willing to re-buy a version of the game that runs on modern-day systems. Re-releases of old / 'vintage' video games are quite popular on Steam, allowing the owners of the rights of said games to sell them again with relatively small investments. This also happens on modern consoles (PSN on the PS3, etc), which no longer have backwards compatibility, so that the game manufacturers port the game to modern systems (at minimal investment) and sell them again. Optionally rendering the game at a higher resolution and calling it a HD re-release. They stop fighting because some counter overflows, and there's no guard for it causing the application to crash. I'm sure there's smart people - or even Carmack himself - that can find the relevant code (actually, is the bot code open source or just the Quake 3 engine)? In what I perceive as "hacker culture", wearing neat and properly-fitted clothes is anything but "conforming". It does happen in European countries. A few years ago, there was a big pedophilia case involving a male day care worker who had made over 80 victims over the year. Ever since then, male day care workers get confronted with suspicion and distrust from parents - especially homosexual male day care workers - and have major trouble getting a job. A lot quit the job. Men working with children are being increasingly distrusted every time a new case like that pops up. It's blatant sexism, but understandable to a degree. Wait, people keep their phones in their pocket instead of their hand all the time? mind = blown > I note that checked bags cannot block passengers from escaping an aircraft. Perhaps not, but people standing in the aisle reaching to get them, dropped bags people trip over and block the aisle, etc do. SUV? Over here (Netherlands) they send them in tiny cars ( http://www.mijnalbum.nl/GroteFoto-SMYHWONA.jpg for example, but I've seen even smaller, two-person city cars with a flashlight bolted on). If it's just to carry a person with some essential first responder tools (fire extinguisher, medkit, axe / tools), you don't need anything big. Of course, in the US, distances are much larger than over here. And yet I can imagine this is something that could be optimized; why not cross-train the three emergency respondent department members into jack-of-all-trades that can deal with 80% of cases? Or put members of the three departments into a single vehicle equipped to deal with most cases? They could travel swifly to the site and deal with most cases, and call in back-up (like a fully equipped ambulance, fire-truck, or paramilitary SWAT-team in an armored hum-vee) if the situation needs it. I'm not an expert, but that would reduce overhead and cross-department communication needs. Of course, the risk is that if the one vehicle has an accident in itself, there's no others that can fall in right then. Link? Or is this your way of expressing you believe criminal tendencies are a genetic trait? Indeed; the view I have of unions in Europe are worker organizations that protect and enforce the rights of employees, things like minimum wage, working conditions, fair treatment, and retaining of jobs; afaik, they don't do much to create jobs, let alone in an immoral way by paying lots of money to governments and organizations to, for example, increase the incarceration rate and duration. I installed Ghostery but did not set up any filters; with just that, it shows how much external resources / from which external parties things are loaded. Some sites have like twenty external dependencies, and multiple analytics gathering scripts (which may get embedded via the iframes of advertisers). Does Dart support Chrome version 2 [0] or Firefox 3.0.8[1]? Since IE8 stems from that age, March 2009[2] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Chrome#Release_history [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefox_release_history [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_8 It's not reasonable to support an outdated browser version with an inferior Javascript engine, or to single out Internet Explorer as a browser for which older versions should still be supported, imho. (disclaimer: I'm building a webapp that has to work in IE 8) > Some of the people peddling homeopathy really do believe it works, and that's just as clearly nonsense. And yet, if believing in homeopathy cures the ailments that homeopathy claims to cure, doesn't that in itself mean homeopathy works? Perhaps not in the way it's advertised, but still. I dunno, tbh I think some people are putting too much emphasis on her gender here (OMG A GURL!!one). A gender-neutral phrase would be "I won't be nice anymore", but tbh I don't think she was particularly fussed about her gender or bringing a gender issue into this discussion. Would you prefer squashed splatters of blood and bits of bug on the walls instead? :p iirc, one of the original ideas for OLPC was a "Buy two, get one" deal; you bought one for $100, which was, especially at the time, still considered cheap for a laptop, but it was enough to actually buy two devices, one which would be handed out for free to schools in poorer countries. At which point a new technology will emerge that circumvents or masks the ban. User-agents can be abolished once all browsers are created equal; same HTML standards support, same performance. Pretty sure it only works in Chrome because it has good support for the latest HTML technologies, good performance, and good developer tools. yeah, going back to that now. HTML5 fanciness has replaced animated .gifs, too. And modal dialogs have replaced popups. [rant]seriously, why do a third of the sites linked to HN open up with a meaningless modal dialog / popup asking me to join a mailing list or fill in a survey. I'd fill in a survey if you'd actually let me visit your site to see what the survey questions are about![/rant]