It's interesting that UI's started out program-oriented, then document-oriented, and now going back to program-oriented. Microsoft in the 90s Standard Oil "Pay them enough money and they'll start caring? Yea, right". We should tell the same to CEOs and bankers. It will have gone full circle when Facebook, Groupon and Twitter will have an IPO. VCs and other investors will get their money back and individual investors will absorb the losses of the collapsing pyramid. I agree. In the 90's bubble the public got let in earlier. Now VCs and investment banks squeeze all the value out before the public finally can invest. That's the problem with Microsoft these days. It's just plain boring. Windows 7 has been out for more than a year and no new features. I agree. It's just hard to stay interested when they update their stuff only every 3 years or so. Very true :-) I love Dell's site too. They could do something that my Windows folder doesn't eat up 30GB of my SSD disk. Or do something like an app store where all applications get updated in a uniform manner. They could make the backup program usable. There is so much that could be done. Sometimes I wonder what the 50000 (just a guess) or so people in Redmond do. I think reducing doctors' salaries is a good idea. This theory is one of the most self-serving (for overpaid executives) arguments I have ever heard. In the US he would get a boatload of money as retention bonus to stay on. It works pretty well though. Every issue is framed as a decision whether the country as we know it will be destroyed. Seems a lot of voters like this style. That would be OK if there was a functioning market for ISPs. But there clearly isn't. Most people don't have a choice of service provider and the cost of entry is too high for new competitors to come in. This is just basic human decency and I am sure Apple is not the only company doing this. I don't think it's a good time for some guy from Silicon Valley to praise some entity from Silicon Valley for doing great things. Reminds me of Twitter getting all the praise for revolutions while people were dying. Let's praise them when they spend some of their billions on earthquake relief. I always think the same thing about lobbying. The contributions to politicians are really small in comparison to the benefits received. Maybe we should make bribing more competitive to raise the price in order to make it less profitable? I don't think regulation will help (maybe a little). They will find other ways. The whole culture needs to change. As long as they can get away with blatantly unethical behavior nothing will change. Not sure how to achieve a cultural change though. The current system is very profitable for both parties. I think a third party or a press that reports facts and calls out blatant untruths may help. That's what worries me about nuclear power. A well maintained plant is probably very safe but there is an incentive for operators to cover up flaws in order to save money. Let's wait until more power plants get old. They probably should be shut down but that's the time when they are the most profitable and fixing problems is the most expensive. http://www.theonion.com/articles/american-people-hire-highpo... I don't understand why they can't give us a profiler that shows memory consumed by add-on and start up time by add-on . This shouldn't be difficult. Then everybody can see where the problems are. If I leave Firefox open during the day the memory goes up to 1.2 GB. The performance slows down at about 800BM memory. I have 8 GB so it's not a big deal but it still seems an awful lot of memory. It worked for them well for a long time. From what I hear managers there finally have managed to take over. They probably made the necessary changes in the 90s. While VS is good I think they made a huge mistake pricing Team System to up to $10000 per developer. The Express versions are nice but they don't contain a profiler for example. I don't think it's smart trying to make money from developers. Apple made the same mistake with the Newton when they priced the dev kit at $800 (not sure if that's accurate but it was expensive) while the Palm dev tools were free. I think the idea is good but such a system could probably be gamed easily. I am sure students would start to pad their resumes with great sounding projects without any substance. This is one of the few areas where bipartisanship works. Wall Street is the most important part of the economy no matter who is in power. That's the thing about lobbying. The ROI is very high. I think the compatibility with older browsers has always been a cheap excuse. It shouldn't be too difficult to have a setting that forces certain URLs to run as a specific browser version as you mentioned. I think that's fine if you spend other people's money. For boot strapped I'll always go for mediocre instead of failure. Sometimes you can use this for trade ins to Amazon directly. Last week I traded in a book that had several prices for $100. Amazon took it for $27. On other sites you can get it for $24. Cancelling the sale if you don't like the price sounds a bit unethical :-) It's definitely a real issue. I have been working at a desk since my 20s. Now in my 40s my legs go numb after sitting for a half an hour. The problem goes away when I am on vacation for a few weeks. I bet a lot of health issues would go away if people could spend less time sitting. I have tried different chairs and postures without success. I teach yoga classes a few times a week and I see a lot of people (age 40+) showing similar symptoms: numb legs and arms, lower back pain. I believe an additional problem is that if you sit the whole day the muscles at the front side of your body get too short and the back side too long. So when you finally exercise this imbalance may cause even more problems. Same here. Left leg goes numb. Daily exercise of around one hour can't compensate. I think sitting pretty much the whole day is a very new thing. I don't think many people did that before computers. I have read somewhere that the ratio of administrators to teachers goes up constantly. That would also explain the rise in college tuition. More and more administrators and consultants to pay. Wish I could find hard numbers somewhere. But as with all political discussions real data is hard to find.., I wonder what the nutcases will make out of that. - Why did Obaba wait that long? - What did they cover up by burying him so soon? After reading the article maybe it should be titled "Open source developers are like local musicians but maybe can make a bit more money". In general I don't believe that open source developers are rocks stars but the people who use open source. Pretty much all well known web companies use open source but don't open source their flagship products. E.g. Google. Facebook, 37 Signals Maybe it should be called "stage technicians". Working hard in the background so others can become stars. the right way would be to stop trade with china since they are the ones holding up that regime. Of course that won't happen. I think there is a noticeable slowdown when the wing goes back into normal position so the driver will know if something doesn't work. It may still be a problem. Yeah. It has been a mess for a long time. In the end, though, C/C++ is still the main API and it will probably stay like that. HTML5+JS will still be Windows only. "Germany’s approach, which Mr. Davidson said typically starts with acquiring a deep understanding of the problem before making the decision to act was exactly the opposite of the culture he saw both in his home country of Israel and in America." They should appreciate different approaches instead of calling them a "problem". It's ridiculous to tell the Germans to become more like America or Israel. The German strategy has its problems and so does America's. I think a lot of developers are simply getting tired of MS cranking out half baked technologies and abandoning them after a while. If you want to write a desktop app there simply is no obvious platform of choice. You have Winforms (abandoned), WPF (slow, future unclear, do fonts render OK now?), MFC (has been out of date for 10 years), Win32 (hard to use), Silverlight (direction changes every 3 months). They all have different problems MS doesn't seem to interested addressing. I wish MS would make a decision to bet everything on one platform (I don't care which), stick to it and make it really good. A simple to medium complexity WPF app will be slower than its Winforms or Win32 counter part. It will use a lot more memory too. There may be ways around this but why can't MS optimize it instead of forcing every developer to jump through the same hoops? Winforms did not replace Win32 and WPF did not replace Winforms. That's the problem. They can't drop IE8 because too many businesses are still on XP. I wish there had been a careful reexamination of standards based on new knowledge. More likely is that bringing old plants up to standard was too expensive. Or even worse, taking them off the grid. In my view this is the real danger of nuclear power: New plants are probably quite safe but they are very expensive to maintain when they get old. On the other hand, if you relax the standard they are more profitable the older they get. So at some point you end up with a lot of old plants that are extremely expensive to maintain or shut down. The real reason is that decommissioning old reactors is very expensive. Keeping them in service is much more profitable. There would be much more lobbying from the nuclear industry if they really wanted to build new reactors. The nuclear industry can't just drop their current equipment and move on to new stuff like the computer industry can. Getting rid of an old reactor is horribly expensive. While they are at it they should also make them state the actual price of the service instead of adding them on your bill. I am tired of having random charges on my phone bill. I am waiting for the day when there are laywers in single practice who charge rates of less than $100/hr like many other professionals do. I know some laywers who are complaining about tough times but they still think they are worth $250/hr. Somehow I doubt that these fixed costs justify $250/hr vs $100/hr. But I am not 100% sure. > I don't think they have that kind of manpower. So we give it only to financial services companies :-) AT&T plans don't include any free messages I don't think it would stop the deficits. Instead we would get a new Congress every 2 years with crazier and crazier representatives. The balance of power is all wrong in many areas. E.g.: There would be no Wall street without Main Street but they still get all the power. Main Street could exist without Wall Street. People with lots of money have the means to shape laws their way and to produce propaganda so everybody believes they are important. The same could be said for venture capital. It can get much worse. Right now I am with VIPYourLife. Their cheapest plan is 14.97/month. I can forward the calls from there but since I don't use anything else I hope I can get away cheaper than this. I thought Twilio is for web sites that want to integrate voice services. Can I use it only for forwarding a number? Twilio looks pretty cool. I had only heard about it but this looks very good. I have created a URL in the format http://twimlets.com/forward?PhoneNumber= number>& and entered it into my app under Voice/request URL. Option is "Post". But when I call my new number (I have created a new number with another account) the call doesn't get forwarded. Am I missing something? Never mind. Got it. I am impressed! I could have used this some years ago for an app I was working on. The Twilio approach other people have described here works. I haven't got my phone number ported yet but with a test number it works great. Looking at how things developed in other industries like movies and banks I'd expect laws to be changed so things will get simplified for big companies with deep pockets who can afford lawyers. Small businesses don't have a lobby so congress won't help them. The problem is that a lawsuit easily can take out a small developer. Even if the lawsuit is completely frivolous. I can't afford tens of thousands of dollars for a lawsuit. If I get sued my company is probably done. It doesn't matter if the suit has merit or not. That's interesting. From my subjective observations while traveling in Louisiana and in Switzerland I'd say people in Switzerland are living much better. Where does all that GDP go? How can you determine the value of the degree? The only thing you know for pretty sure is that without degree you will have a massive problem on the job market. Very interesting. I am always amazed how quickly browsers can update the layout when you work with jQuery to update CSS or the DOM. Good point! I should have phrased it "the right degree". I could have added "from the right school" too. It's the same as "Don't optimize prematurely". True, but also don't be stupid. Wait until it's done. It will be 200 or more. It's probably the industry that gets the biggest bailouts, the fastest, without any serious questioning and without having to make any changes. I would have been OK with the 2008 bailouts if there had been any serious reform of the banking sector. I think they should have reinstated some version of Glass-Steagall. I see an increasing unwillingness of companies to train people who don't have EXACTLY the right skillset. This used be different in the 90s. In Germany there is the word "Schweinezyklus". Pig cycle. It's mostly prevalent in engineering. It works like this: 1. Companies complain about not having enough qualified engineers 2. Everybody gets told to get into engineering in college 3. Boom crashes. Companies lay off engineers. The new engineering graduates don't get hired and are unemployed 4. Everybody flees engineering 5. Back to step 1. I think we are at the end of step 1 and 2. - I knew plenty of people who were top-notch developers who didn't find jobs back then. I don't think this cycle is evil. I just want people to be careful when they read stuff like this in the article: "Are you in college and bothered about the job market ahead of your graduation, should you consider switching majors? maybe. The industry is booming and doesn’t look like it will be slowing down anytime soon. In the middle of all the unemployment, maybe we can take solace in the never ending demand for Engineers." After a boom there is always a bust. And the bigger the boom, the bigger the bust. It will be interesting once there are no jobs for humans left because robots will be better at everything than humans. In theory, everybody could have a robot that provides them with everything they need. Nice site. Some thoughts: - The fonts are way too big. On my 13 inch screen it feels as if the site is constantly screaming at me. - How does the phone trigger work? I suppose it gets triggered when a call comes in. Do you port the number or how else would you know that a phone call comes in? If the guy had made 2 billion by accident the CEO would get credit for it and take a big bonus home. It again shows how messed up the system is. The big guys have all the upside but pretty much no downside. It saddens me that the best advice for so many situations is "Get a lawyer". Besides the fact that they are expensive I find it frustrating that society has become that adversarial. I would see an incentive for hiring people if I didn't have to deal with health care at all. I think employer based insurance is a huge drag on America's businesses. I would happily pay some percent more in taxes if I didn't have to deal with it. The comparison with politics is a good one! Working together but still keeping some distance is out of fashion. It seems most of America's leadership is too busy serving their egos instead of working on the things they have been hired to do. This guy assumed responsibility at least. The Wall Street guys in 2008 demanded retention bonuses instead. I don't propose suicide but I would like to see CEOs being a bit more shocked when their actions turn out to be a total disaster. I think it would be better for the country. The people who made the stupid decisions were rewarded pretty well. Weideking still sits on a few hundred million euros. This seems to be the new "free market". Another counter example is Singapore. This has nothing to do with envy and retribution. It's about an economic system that pretends to be a free market but is increasingly skewed to giving a certain class of people guaranteed rewards no matter how they perform. Not a healthy thing for an economy. It's a well run dictatorship. Probably the best environment for capitalism but hard to maintain over a long time. The financial sector or defense? They operate within a framework where they are pretty much guaranteed profits. Nice point! I come from Europe and you are right from my experience. You forget there are a lot of people who don't have the things you mention. I am not sure this is the whole story. The Wall Steet Journal lately seems to be on a mission to discredit any form of government. Of course it's different when they wear a uniform, do things in secret and tell us they are there to protect us... Dare to explain? Please don't make this into another democrat vs republican issue. They may be using different language but both parties are essentially the same when it comes to the things they actually do. Group insurance should be abolished. Take the whole country as one big group. It doesn't make sense to have small groups negotiate their coverage. I think it works if you have a very strong leader who has a good idea where the product should go. I do a lot of consulting where I don't see people but am always amazed how many issues can be resolved when the whole team sits in a room together. It's a necessity for a civilized country. I also think the real problem is that they are so cheap. Whatever I read about lobbying the ROI is huge. Obviously having politicians make it more expensive to bribe will have some serious problems too... I think the best would be to make all payments anonymous. If you like what a politician does you support him but he should never know who donated to him. I don't think you can generalize that. As far as I remember Obama got a lot of small donations in 2008 and as a small donor your donations are pretty much anonymous. You don't get any special access for your $100 or less. But people still donated. Maybe the big donors would go away but I am fine with that. I think this may be a good accelerator for real patent reform. Once the economy has come to a standstill because companies are suing each other left and right for silly patents people will see how ridiculous the system is. Unfortunately this will probably still take a while and be very painful. It's an illusion that programming will be a safe job. Robots will do most of that too. It's great if it worked for you. I did the same and forced myself into social situations for years. I became quite functioning socially after a few years but I never got really comfortable and in the end had to stop because I was completely exhausted. I also went through therapy with the same result and the therapist basically telling that I am a loser. Psychological problems are difficult. Most obese people probably know pretty well how to lose weight but they just can't do it. Same for alcoholics. "But we are so much bigger" seems to be the standard excuse for the US not looking at what other countries are doing successfully and learning from them. I am not assuming anything. As a recent citizen of the US I am just observing that the US doesn't seem to be willing to look at other countries and learn from them because somehow the US is perceived as special. Examples where the US could learn a lot IMO are: - health system - broadband coverage (argument "the US has low population density". But why does the coverage in LA suck then? It should be a dream for a competitive market. - murder rates - incarceration rates - poverty rates Reflexively rejecting other countries' experiences is hurting this country big time. Why is this always used as an excuse why the US is different? The US has ten times more people, hence 10 time more tax payers. If anything I would expect things to be easier for the US because of its scale. I don't understand why there is a VA. Just give them Medicare or another health insurance. I can see a need for facilities that can treat combat specific injuries but I guess most veterans can be served by the regular health system. Medicare for example. You are making some good points here. I agree about rational commodity markets. However, I am not sure everyday consumers are benefiting from cheap loans. I think cheap mortgages have driven up house prices, cheap student loans have driven up tuition. They certainly have a lot of experience with bribes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_bribery_scandals#West_... I think the 2008 events have shown that the Fed's purpose is to keep the "financial system" happy. Regular citizens don't really count anymore. Treasury bonds? It's much easier and faster to use existing infrastructure than having to build a new one. Not only that. Even the people who want to cut taxes all the time like Grover Norquist are against it. They want to make tax paying as painful as possible. The more information you have the better. You could still dispute the numbers the IRS. I fail to see any downside in such a system (other than for TurboTax and CPAs) Remove them from the job? I work in a company that does animal experiments and I have noticed that some of the scientists don't seem to have any empathy with the animals. They treat them like any other device they work with. In my view they could treat the animals much better without having a negative impact on the study but it's just not a concern for management or scientists. I never thought it about as a coping strategy. It's an interesting thought though. I know quite a few people who couldn't deal with animal testing anymore and did something else. I guess that leaves a certain kind of people. I still think there should be stronger rules for animal testing and how the animals are being kept. The cost for better treatment would be small compared to all other costs. I bet somewhen in the future people will look at animal cruelty (animal testing and meat production) the same way we look at things like slavery or chopping off a thief's hands now. I think that employer based health insurance is the real problem of the US system. It sets up all incentives the wrong way. Isn't "asshole" as negative as "bitch"? Woman or man, you probably won't be loved by everybody. Maybe success is a combination of factors like birth, hard work and luck? I am always frustrated when people want to reduce an issue to only one contributing factor. Correct: sex, race, looks, parents, place of birth and so on How do you conduct a trial for a preventive drug? Just wondering. It seems quite difficult to set this up. Who wants to take an experimental drug for decades? And if it's a rare disease you need a lot of people. I think after 2008 it's pretty clear that executives personally don't have to fear any consequences from wrongdoing. Either someone way down the chain of command goes to jail or the shareholders pay for a settlement. I think the maps are very good but all Android maps I have tried that use OSM have terrible search interface. In Google I can type in "IKEA Burbank" and get the right result. I can't do that in any of the OSM apps. I also need to know in what city a certain street is. I can't do "1234 Foothill, Los Angeles" like in Google but I need to know that this number is in Glendale. If they fixed this I think adoption would go up a lot. California is perfectly positioned for going into renewables if it actually tried. I live near Los Angeles and there are only a few days during the year when we don't have sun. There huge open desert areas tat could be covered with solar collectors. If any area in the world can make the transition it's California. It' not "almost as though" but they are meaningless terms (and harmful to political discussion in my view). American politics likes to force every issue into the "liberal" or "conservative" category but reality is much more subtle. Sure, they had some left-wing traits. And they had some right wing traits too: The belief that Germany is a special country is pretty similar to today's conservatives belief that the US is exceptional and blessed by God. My point was that by figuring out whether the Nazis were left or right wing nothing is learned. There are left wing and right wing democracies and there are left and right wing dictatorships. Left wing governments have killed a lot of people and so have right wing governments. You expressed my point much more eloquently than I could. Always watch people actually do. Not only what they say. If the area argument was true then areas like Los Angeles or NYC would see cheap prices and great coverage. I would take an LA only plan if it were cheap. I think a lot of people would. And why do roaming fees have to be outrageous? How about reasonable ones? This is just crazy. To have a healthy society these issues should be discussed a lot but without the fear of being punished for your views. I know why it's not being discussed. It's because US citizens have been trained by the parties to think that anybody with a different view is a bad person you can't even talk to without getting angry. This is not good for a healthy democracy. Their economics are close to liberals (not the american definition). I don't think there is an equivalent for the religious right. At least not in Germany What agenda is it pushing? I think it's similar to a drug lord whose family lives with them in a nice house. If the drug lord gets convicted the children lose their house/home although they were innocent. This will stop immediately as soon as they start going after white, wealthy people. As long as they stick to poor non-white people who can't afford a lawyer or simply don't have the legal knowledge to fight back, nothing will happen. The real criminals just use big banks for money laundering: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/apr/03/us-bank-mexico-... When you read the reports it becomes clear that they won't go after people like you. they go after people who either don't know their rights or simply cannot afford to fight back. If you want to do something about this then help some of the people in this situation take their case to court. Price transparency is the one thing I would have liked to see from ObamaCare. They should have mandated to open up all pricing and all quality numbers. It's possible that some people would misinterpret these numbers but right now you are in that crazy situation where you have to make decisions based on no data at all. With open pricing and data a market based health system might work. Maybe. I haven't had much success getting prices when I had a high deductible insurance. Most doctors won't tell you anything or they will quote you one price today and 5 times as much tomorrow. You certainly won't get a binding quote you can plan with. As far as I understand the insurance companies also negotiate pr-set prices with hospitals and doctors. But if you pay yourself they just make up prices and you don't know how much the insurance companies are paying so it's hard to negotiate. and even if they give an estimate it's not binding. I hope you have studied Pol Pot enough to make this comparison. I still think it's completely inappropriate to make such a comparison in this context. Will they kill children by slamming them against trees or killing people with shovels? Or will they "interrogate" people until they die? Will they kill 20% of population in 4 years? Your comparison is inappropriate and cheapens the suffering of people who lived under Pol Pot. Looking at the waistlines of people I am not sure this is profit :-) It seems to me that a lot of wild animals are smarter than dogs. Dogs' main ability is to "connect" to us and rad our intentions. On the other hand they are dependent on us and probably not very good at surviving in the wild. I also have a NeuroSky headset. It's a nice toy but not really useful. I can't imagine there being a technical reason. OCR is almost purely algorithmic and it shouldn't depend much on the OS. I think that's it. There haven't been that many fundamental breakthroughs in science in the last few decades. I think you are confusing capitalism with free and competitive markets. Capitalists probably prefer central planning and regulation as long as it benefits them. In boxing or other martial arts there is this phenomenon that you often like or respect your opponent after a fight. And that despite trying to knock him out. You certainly weren't planning on creating a social bond. I think there something that makes going through difficulties together a bonding experience. In my neighborhood (LA) the lawn sprinklers still run every night and flood the streets. I don't think it's right to doubt that these movements at least accelerated improvements. I am sure the South would happily have held slaves for much longer than it did. I remember when I was a kid car manufacturers claimed they would go bankrupt if they had to install catalytic filters. Only the pressure from the environmental movement build up the momentum for requiring those filters. Without the labor movement we would probably still work 12 hours six days a week. I'd agree with millstone Every few years MS pushes a new UI framework (MFC, WTL, WinForms,WPF, WinRT, SilverLight) and abandons it after a few years. Other than Win32 which is not easy to use there really is no obvious choice which framework to use. If I had to start a new desktop app for Windows I would probably go with Qt. I would not trust MS. I agree that going with Win32 + your own wrapper is probably best in the long run. As far as WPF/WinRT/Silverlight go, they are different enough that it's hard to exchange any code between them or port from to another. Win32 is the only API that can be used in the long run and is maintained and improved by MS. All the other APIs like WinForms, WPF, MFC, Silverlight, WinRT get abandoned after a few years. Yes, they still run but you end up with a codebase that uses outdated tools without a good migration path to a never API. It would be really nice if they would actually stick to something. With the exception of Win32 all MS "choices" are half-baked and will be abandoned after a while without an upgrade path. If I had to start a new desktop app now I would also go for Qt. I am tired of MS rolling out new frameworks and abandoning them a few years later. Good luck finding a company that uses Win 8 so you can actually deploy a WinRT app. And wait until they lose interest in WinRT too like they have done with every new technology quickly. Sure you can. But you are locked into a framework that reached its peak a few years ago. It's like writing HTML that's compatible with IE6. You can do this and it works but you are stuck in the past. WPF data binding is vastly superior to Winforms. That's a really bad comparison. Companies respond really well to financial incentives. Haven't they cancelled that feature? I remember getting an e-mail http://consumerist.com/2014/06/16/paypal-discontinues-mobile... Just wait until some terrorists use only mail to prepare an attack. Then probably every piece of mail will be read to protect us. Reading those letters wouldn't have prevented the attacks. I am talking about people avoiding E-mail or phone and exclusively using mail to coordinate attacks. I don't think it's fair to call bank bailouts socialism. Maybe call "socialism for the rich/well connected". I have noticed that too. It's pretty much standard that people take at least some prescription drugs regularly. Also the children of some friends know all the ins and outs of different pills. I don't think I ever had had a headache pill when I was the same age. I find meditation and strong exercise help quite a bit. I also took classes with a Tibetan Buddhist monk. He had pretty good insights into how the mind works. Not sure if that can be generalized though. My company has a technical track in theory but over the last 2 years I have observed that mediocre managers keep getting promoted regularly whereas only absolutely outstanding engineers move up. If you want to make decent money, management is the way to go. At least in my company. If you open source all contracts and all internal and external communication of banks then I am for legalizing insider trading because it can't exist. As long as working for a bank is the number 1 way for ex-politicians and regulators to make a few million quickly nothing will happen. And you can't blame them. Look at this guy: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/peter-orszag-citigroup... He went from making probably around 200k (my guess) to 3 million+. I would probably sell out for that money too. The pay differential between banks and the rest is just too much. Two reasons: - Do this for one or two years and you are pretty much set for life. That's pretty tempting - I don't think the bankers think of themselves as antisocial or non-ethical. These pictures usually get taken at 15-30 secs with a very fast lens (f2.8) and an ISO of 1600-6400. You need a pretty dark sky or a lot of post processing. Within 50-100 miles of the background is just brown. If you have a camera with manual control, give it a try. You need a wide angle lens, otherwise you'll get star trails quickly. Andromeda is actually larger than the full moon, but very faint. You wouldn't see much. Andromeda is the closest galaxy and even that is very faint. And you need some warm clothing! Once you live in California you start to forget that there are weather conditions other than sunshine and warm. It happened to me! I have been think about that too. Then investing would also be less of a gamble on the stock market. It tends to be cheaper? You may be able to heat way below regular room temperature though. I don't think it matters too much if an object has 60 or 70 degrees. When I was in military we learned to sleep on top of the made bed and only straighten it out a little in the morning :-) It doesn't seem to be a problem for skiers or hunters. I have done that for a while and, if you have a commute, there is no time left for anything else during those 4 days. It may be a nice option sometimes, but it's not viable for people with other obligations during the week. The real killer feature of Photoshop is YouTube videos and books. I am learning it right now and it's extremely helpful to watch tutorial videos. There is almost nothing for GIMP so if you don't know exactly what you are looking for, you are out of luck. After parking in DC I always thought there should be a "parking lawyer" service. You take a picture of the signs (sometimes 6 on top of each other), you upload it to the service and they tell you whether it's OK to park. Same here. Microsoft would have to deliver a phenomenal OS for me to switch back. I just saw this in the last project in my company: One group delayed the difficult decisions until the last moment and had to work nights and weekends to catch up. All other groups were on top of things and done way before the deadline. Guess which group saw promotions and gets recognized by senior management at pretty much every meeting? Seems the best strategy is to create problems and then fix them in the most visible way. I view IBM or especially HP jumping on a bandwagon as a strong negative signal for that technology. I also don't like that in the US you never can tell how much something will cost you at the end. I remember on my first trip I had one dollar left, bought candy and at the cashier was was told it would actually be 1.09. Same for cell phone planes and internet. There are always seemingly random charges added to the final price. You see something similar in congress in DC. A lot of internships there are unpaid too so most interns come from "good" families. If the risk was that low you would have thought that a lot of rich guys would have stood in line to buy up the banks' assets. Sounds like attendance maximization. I think this is the problem with a professional army. I bet Vietnam would have gone on for much longer if there had been only volunteers there. And the Iraq invasion would not have happened of there had been a draft. This may be true for some people but a lot of people I know buy a car when the old one falls apart. I took the risky choice twice and it didn't work out. I think it's just a gamble especially if you are an employee. As a founder you have more influence. To me that sounds much easier than an autonomous car that has to work any time, deal with pedestrians, things falling off other cars, rain, snow, ice and many other unpredictable factors. That number sounds really high to me too. 2000 of them of and you have a nuclear power plant.