I like how the examples were all, bar one, longer than the long-winded CSS it was replacing ... looks like a good compromise of SASS though. I might jump! Ever heard of Dropbox? Potentially obsolete with Unite. Ever wanted to share all the photos/videos on your 120GB hard-drive? Unite does that too, bye-bye flickr. Ever wanted to host online chat - it's already there in your browser now. Ever wanted to listen to your music when all the files are on some other computer? Relay via Unite, it's in your browser. Want to host web-pages on your local computer? Don't want to install a web-server .. no problem. Really I find it awesome, I think we've only just scratched the surface here too. A genuinely new paradigm IMO, http://alicious.com/2009/opera-about-to-change-the-world/ . Welcome to the Peerweb. say it with me everybody - correlation is not equal to causation I used to be a heavy EE user about 5 years ago (IIRC) enough so that I got a free premium membership for a month. Thing is now i can't even read the answers I gave to some questions as I'm not a premium member ... unless I UA-switch to Googlebot of course (that worked last time I was there). EE always frustrated me, like Launchpad Answers does now, in that people with no clue how to solve the problem would answer and then no-one else would bother because someone already answered (Launchpad is far worse for this as any reply (except "more info needed) marks the question as "answered"). /rant Because you think Google are stupid enough to use an easily abused metric like down-votes (alone) to decrease SERP rankings? Bounce-rate would be a better metric (and again abusable) and they already have access to that for many sites. I'm guessing you actually mean it covers running costs on a small amount of ads. A small amount of ads doesn't pay many wage bills* - I'm guessing there are a equivalent of a couple of full-time people working on SO? Doing backups fighting off crackers, ensuring trust metrics aren't abused, making optimisation changes, upgrading hardware, etc.. 500000 uniques but how many ad clicks? I'd imagine their clicks-per-impression is really low on this sort of site unless the ad is the solution to the problem. People are focussed not aimlessly searching, they're also probably the sector most immunue to ads - computer experts at work. I can remember finding useful stuff there, I even wrote some answers. I don't use it now (perhaps been thrice in the last year or so) and find better info elsewhere often. But it still has utility. Next worthless anecdotal comment please ... In the 80s? Really? You heard about domain squatting back then? Why didn't you do it? You could have had sex.com, microsoft.com, sony.com, ... Suck it and see. The cost to you is pretty low financially. Buy up 10 domains, perhaps in a related field, do your magic on them and see if you can sell any ... when you sell one buy 10 more. Rinse, repeat. Failure and the reasons for failure (failblog!) can be entertaining, interesting and informative. I think the idea is good but most failures will just be - "we ran out of money", "we decided to do something else", "a key person had a family problem and left", "we had a rubbish idea". Mind you even these mundane things could be good if written well. godaddy says $1.99 for new .com domains, .us are 4.99, etc.. It was a rough example: "Buy as many domains as your profit will allow until you have amassed a reasonable quantity and are selling domains quickly enough to make a business out of it" was the intention. Sorry, not quite catching you there, you do what to your computer? /sarcasm Yes that is one of the down falls, pretty major too, but if you're family wants to share from your computer they can just call, or you can look and see the connections are 0 before turning it off. I can also imagine a caching/on-line backup system (like Dropbox) - eg for your fridge notes. Peerweb is not the www they have a lot of overlap but this is going to change the way we use computers IMO. When I first came in contact with the 'net ('94) I didn't imagine that you could just choose a domain name and register it. I imagined that you needed lots of infrastructure to host a site. I reckon anyone who knew that you could just register sex.com and had used the internet would realise that this would probably be near the top of the most visited domain names of all time. Were domains expensive back then? Oh, when you say "not right" do you mean not ethical? OK, I've tried to look for the podcast. There are like 60 of them and they appear to be rambling conversations - can you point me a bit more directly? I do some web design. I wouldn't pay hourly for an initial website design & implementation. If you've got a designer/developer that is incompetent (or just out of practise) then they are going to take a lot longer and so cost more. Agree a price, technical problems are the designers problem. Admin stuff takes quite a lot of time in a small business, in my experience (3 small businesses so far). Also just doing the design implementation stuff isn't enough - you do have to get out and win the work. 50:50 sounds about right IMO. That's assuming he is doing inital design (graphical prototype, you'll need usability input here) and preparing graphical elements for the coded pages; as well as the up front promotion and sales. Kinda depends on what sort of sites you're doing. A heavy app with lots of DB design or lots of scripting would need more weighting towards you. A simple graphical "this is us" site the weight is more towards him (and you're probably better outsourcing the coding of that sort of thing anyway). FWIW And then one of you messes up on their part and either the billed hours total is more than the revenue or the client refuses to pay so much (depending how you're charging) ... what now? Also billed hours means that there's an incentive to work slowly to get a greater share out of the business. I was pretty sure I'd seen this before too but writewith isn't ringing any bells ...? I do have a terrible memory. But the tag-line then puts me off before I've started. Why wouldn't someone just use Zoho or Google Docs? I do like your handwritten-style annotated edits, but that doesn't seem enough. You definitely need to lose the mouldy pink though, with that heavy gray too, bleurgh. Don't take your design cues from hacker sites! Gray for the edit box parts that you're looking at all day, fine, not for whole site - it's bad juju! Your logo is the inverse of Zoho's - which appears to be an attempt to create confusion (or it will to a high paid lawyer) and is also that of Novell's Zen application distribution system IIRC, I think they have lots of lawyers too. Why didn't you choose "R"? fwiw who doesn't buy when they see a hero shot ... ;0) One can tell just from reading the headings that the page was not written by a first-language English speaker. This gives a low expectation of quality in the technical aspects of the site. All that text to read, then I have to log-in (no doubt waiting for an email) just to see visually what it does ... next! This is basically the attitude of the kmail developers - html email is bad. Who could possibly ever want to send a link or photo to someone in an email. Everyone should be forced to have green console text on a black background. Why can't they just use the IE8 rendering engine? obliged From the FAQ "all ingredients are on TSCA". I'm not in the US but when I look and see this means "toxic substances control act [inventory]" then I think: "toxic!!". Perhaps this is a common claim for US products but I think I'd just say all ingredients are safe and mention a safety certificate they bought^w were awarded. The whole "Are Zubbles safe" reads like "well not really but they're as safe as other things that are legal". As the stories are all about how his eyes were stained and he had to evacuate his house, etc., then the marketing needs to have a strong assurance of safety IMO. I don't think they achieve that. pwned Unless your facebook mentions your medical condition or your drug use?! If it's not true. Factory shutdowns are almost unheard of now it seems as we (in the UK) have no factories left ... oo, I used to have karma! Seriously this was my first reaction, as one of the first posters, Google were pwned. Guess I have to open a new account now. so if he could sell something for $5 and get one in 100,000 of the visitors to buy then he'd meet the ad sales ... freemium anyone? My dad taught me he wasn't afraid to kick me in the ass (actually) if I stepped out of line (figuratively). It was actually a useful lesson and helped me to reconsider my attitude to others and stop being a dick. SAT is an abbreviation not an acronym. It stands for SATisfiability, as in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem . The blog on P=NP doesn't appear to mention it despite having 3 posts tagged as SAT. Sometimes we don't realise we're using jargon or we don't realise the wider audience we might be addressing. Edit: Oops, must refresh before re-joining a HN thread. But the situation is more like me using a hammer to knock screws in and then screw makers changing the screws design so that it's harder to knock them in with a hammer because "they were never designed for that". There are a lot more tools for manipulating XML than just for HTML. Also I gather that operating on proper XML (eg XHTML) is less resource intensive. XML has namespaces allowing inline inclusion of SVG, MathML and the like. XHTML has RDFa to provide inline metadata (semantic web stuff). The XHTML transition seems to have failed mainly because IE6 would baulk on XML mimetypes and offer to download them instead of rendering. This just seems to be "XHTML is dead, long live XHTML5" ? There were a few blog posts about this a couple of months back but I held off. Looks like it's time to go back to HTML doctypes after 7 years or so. Should I be reverting to HTML? It's not a theory until it can make testable predictions. ubernostrum: "And even if they went Theora-only (which they're not going to do), they'd have to provide a fallback for IE, which would probably end up extended to Safari as well." I'm not bothered about the actual format shipped, let the market sort that out. What I want is to be able to publish a webpage with a video and know that all standards compliant browsers will play that media. Safari doesn't have to only use Ogg Theora, YouTube doesn't have to stop using flash. Keeping the openness of the web means allowing content creators a path to create content unencumbered by license disputes IMO. They should go back and specify it for HTML5 standard compliance and let Safari fail compliance. "Whoever agreed to the fox guarding the henhouse is going to have a lot of explaining to do." In an ideal world, in this one I suspect they'll just get a tanker load of money. It's execptionally good marketing: - our main competitor has problems - we've not had down time since 2004 - all the other offers being given you are from lowlife cretins They know how to place themselves. Everything the BBC codes that is not restricted by outside licenses should be available to anyone in the UK who pays license fees and wants it. Open Sourcing is hardly a great gesture when the public have paid for it already. We're talking mainly bells and whistles (progressive enhancement) via Glow not basic access to data. That said BBC produce a lot of content for the web that not everyone can get (people don't all have computers), several digital radio channels (not everyone has digi-radio), several digi-TV channels (a lot can't even get the signal, many don't have the hardware). So the BBC aren't worried about large scale access issues, why worry so much about obsolete browsers? "people can stop working jobs that value economy over safety" Yeah, people who don't want to eat or have shelter can do that. I'm guessing teeth can join well to flesh without rejection (mine seem good on this anyway) and also don't reject implanting foreign matter (filings, those little diamonds chavs^W people have, etc.) they're basically a bridging medium; an interstitial that avoids rejection. I have 2 gmail contacts (actually I think they're googlemail?) out of 300+. I don't really see any clusters. But then I don't have many geek friends/acquaintances and those that I do know appear to use company email addresses mainly. Well all compliant browsers will play the media, by definition, so the remedy is effective. Safari wouldn't fail compliance they'd suddenly find the time to implement Ogg Theora as a fall back and if they've any sense the chip manufacturers would be falling over themselves to offer an optimised stack to court Apple. Quid pro quo? Perhaps they fancy being partnered with Google? I'm both and neither. I'm pretty sure I'm non-24. Which would be fine if I didn't have to be awake at particular times and have kids to look after. "The funny thing is that Martins makes a public point of claiming that he doesn't do any "digital manipulation" on his pictures [...]" Is that for real? I'm almost certain that http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/LATEST_2-(F2C7... and http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/The_Accidental... use the same mirror technique, albeit with foreground elements added (again digitally). However, he doesn't appear to claim not to use post-production digital manipulation AT ALL, no mention at eg http://www.saatchi-gallery.co.uk/yourgallery/artist_profile/... of that. There is a quote about this here, http://themorningnews.org/archives/galleries/topologies/ : "This is especially evident in “The Accidental Theorist” series. Most people assume that these image are manipulated. Or perhaps even staged. In reality, there is no post-production work, no darkroom or computer manipulation." But it's clearly referring (here) to just the Accidental Theorist show. That said the above 2 examples _are_ from that show and do appear to be 'shopped. Yeah, I saw a unicorn yesterday. Unicorns totally exist. I bet they've bred with dragons by now and can totally, like, breath fire and stuff. Perhaps Google failed to capitalise on it because the price they're charging is the most anyone is prepared to pay for online office applications. What is Google Docs missing that you think MS can do so well they're going to win market share. Excuse my skepticism but I'll be watching this only to see what idiocy MS has built in - requires silverlight to enable doc viewing / interstitial NSFW advertising in business documents / only works by using ActiveX / trys to install a Bing toolbar in all browsers before it'll work / relies on proprietary javascript extensions / uses 4GB of memory ... place your bets. It says in the article they're going to release information including customers favourites .. that's personal information - they'll need individual permission to do that. You can imagine the headlines "Tesco.net confirms MP for Basingstoke is sex fiend" when the favourites show the married MP that is away from home all week buys 20 condoms, 2 packs of lube and a copy of the Gay Times every week. That picture of a lion is definitely not a picture of a lion, no-sirree. You can do the same sort of thing with roman letters making them pretty impervious to OCR too. Arabic does appear to be designed more as an art form than as a script though. edit:typo and yet they have so much whitespace in the chrome that they could have easily fitted a compact file menu in. Sure, make it look as good as you can, but whitespace is not as important as screen real-estate in browser chrome. I'm guessing these are designers not engineers - the same sort that go for unreadably small fonts to make things look slicker. hacker news needs to allow mathml! reminds me of the system that Prof. Stephen Hawking uses. Also it seems there would be some benefit of acceleration at the word and phrase level by using a system like the awesome bar. You want to analyse the persons own output and prioritise phrases based on that. You could also have a top phrase list - "where's my drink" "i need the toilet", etc. could be highly optimised that way. didn't work for me, but then i am using links2 the FF webdeveloper extension is the one I find easiest for live CSS editing - though I'm using firebug more and more - it doesn't have comment toggling (it's just a text field). Such tricks are handy. Unless you're trying to work them around CSS comment hacks! Suppose it depends on whether your normal language is rtl or ltr? All of the pages (that I checked) look pretty minimal for me - I'm using links2 to browse at the moment. At least one, #12 IIRC (no tabs!), is using /#pagename for page links; presumably for SEO but giving nothing for non-javascript users. I guess if you're after an accessible site then you're not going to go with them. Are they better than google at search (which is what I think you meant)? Can they scale what they have to serve the number of SERPs that Google serves? Can they do that cost effectively? Can their algorithms produce as useful results in the face of "optimisations" by 10's of thousands of SEO/SEMs across the globe? I'm guessing no. My wife makes the most awesome gingerbread men (and brownies) but that doesn't mean she can put Greggs out of business. Still props too them, they're doing something awesome. You're starting your rebuttal from the wrong point. Those who earn more are indeed contributing more tax. But why are they earning more? Is it that their contribution is worth so much more to society? Doubtful. More, perhaps, that much more, unlikely. For example in the article the guys earning 30million a year (10% of their gambling wins) are only able to earn large amounts because they're on a buoyant market. It's largely random fluctuations - they win for 15 years and then lose it all (except they don't personally lose of course); others win for 15 days and lose it all. So, the guys paying the most tax, the investment managers &c. are adding little to overall productivity (except some lubrication which could be provided without the ineffecient losses of traders wages) but are creaming off inordinant amounts of wealth from the top all the time simply because of a mathematical glitch -- if you waited 100 years and analysed the gains of any investment firm I'll guess they do marginally better then inflation but extract far more worth for the traders. Those doing productive work, even the highly paid Harvard professors are earning pennies compared to the investment teams. So are the investment managers pulling their weight in society by creaming off the wealth by gambling with other peoples money? I don't think so. Capitalism means the rich get richer, some clever people manage to use other peoples money to be rich first. The rest of us are being suckered. I'd have to re-read to be sure but I don't think Prof Dershowitz was commenting on salaries at all. The salary of the professors shouldn't be linked to the Uni's investments. The Prof to me was saying that if they'd been less inclined to blow all the money in the rich years then they'd have the reserves needed to tide themselves over the lean years without having to dick about with peoples salaries, etc.. Also, them overspending 100Million on a building has got to bite a bit when they then announce they're going to cut back on your breakfast. $100Mil buys a lot of breakfast. I actual appreciated the historical background, the information about the Management Company, the loose focus on the main issue, the commentary and evidence gathering. It is a complicated situation with multiple reasons for the failure and with wide ranging repercussions, I paragraph wouldn't real do it. If you want the executive summary then - Uni financial managers got rich, bailed, made greed based short term decisions which when recessions came wiped out most of the financial reserve; other managers locked up the rest in assets with poor liquidity. Easter Bunny Thanks for the downlinks I'll be here all day. I think it's called "attention grabbing" - the reason they're mentioned is to sell newspapers / gain viewers for the ads. 99% accuracy is not exactly great either. -1 = false, 0 = unknown, +1 = true On the joke front people here seem to take a dim view of anything that might be frippery. Touch/e. Capitalist economics is pretty useless as a theory, if it doesn't work in practise then it's no use. Define "work". The purpose of capitalism AFAICT is to make money for wealthy capitalists and it does a pretty good job at that. The social fixes added by governments to avoid the capitalists destroying the workforce (eg social security, min wages, health care) are the only reason it can continue. And now of course we have the bailouts, without which the capitalist economy would be dead already rather than groaning in death pains. I'm pretty /au fait/ with the concept of borrowing to leverage larger sums of money to optimise efficient growth - floatation works IMO only if those buying have altruistic reasons as well; everything is too open to abuse from the big investors. Efficient allocation of resources is not the net effect IMO. Another example, I can see how you want to mitigate against changes in currency destroying your profit on a large / long-term cross-border project by ForEx deals, but this isn't only how ForEx is used. I don't see how gambling doesn't encompass a naked-short-sell (say) unless you have opportunity to influence the market by some insider trading, which is both [normally] immoral and illegal, or predict the market by being privy to some deals before they are made (as in the recent expose of the NYSE network being sniffed). In the same way that "eat food" is a lesson on wilderness survival. Or the way that Schrodingers equation tells you all you need to know about Quantum mechanics. The rest is just commentary and examples. The lesson is a clever device by the author, he pwns marketing 101, but is "to grok economics consider future global effects" really that inciteful? Seems to be a nice book though. Minimum wage only means those below that wage become an increased cost to their employer. It doesn't necessarily mean that the highstreet price changes. If the market won't accept a higher price then the employer simple absorbs the cost and lives with a couple less refuelings of their private jet that year. That could potentially hurt the oil companies slightly but they just decide to cut production and charge more. The refuelers get an extra tea-break. If the price does go up then for commodities the gross profit of the owners is likely to increase - who buys less bread because the price went up by 0.0001p to account for minimum wage (rounded up to 1p, guess who gets to bank the rounding error!). Moving on. In an anarchic society (no government) "private security firms" do enforce law and order. The problem is that the law is "whoever is strongest (has most weapons, most money to pay their army) wins". That's it. Out of that grows a feudal system. I'm quite glad that Christianity took hold of those in positions of power and brought us beyond that. But do feel were sliding back in that direction rather. I read the thread (didn't understand most of it) but Torvalds describes Cox work as "crap" and tells him "you're full of crap". Way to stick to the technical merits there ... That's some attitude. Things made in the same place aren't necessarily made to the same standards. I once packed strawberries - for the major supermarkets in the UK and for M&S in the same packing line. The M&S quality standards were higher, we removed more "uglies" and used more evenly sized strawberries. The point: same line different production values. Reliability trumps innovation if people want to use the same stuff for a long time. In the consumer market it seems it's all about new stuff. People chuck out perfectly serviceable items because there's a new model they want. Which companies would bother to make a reliable mobile phone or computer for the mass market. The facade of innovation works for larger items too. Why create a vehicle that lasts long after the 5 year bodywork warranty when you're just reducing your market. Entice people with the new model, make sure your goods don't last too long - that appears to be the capitalist way. That's good I might use that on my blog - don't like this horrible, barely readable colour scheme; subscribe to my mailing list or feed and get the content in a readable format! Sounds fun, no indication of cost to make it though, nor details of the dealers he used to get all the parts on the internet (and not have to talk to!). Perhaps they roll a die [dice] to choose the colour to dye [dying] their T-shirts before they die [death]? If I didn't a typo or grammatical error make I'll be amaized. EmployeeTheft.com ? No, I didn't assume you did. My comment was partially tangential (now there's a geeky oxymoron). I'd have thought that the security services, NRO for example, have software that receives scans of paper strips and does edge matching to reconstruct the page. It doesn't seem too hard algorithmically (to this non-programmer) to do that, something like: take all strips and analyse them for position of edge markings; take all edges and compare the edge-marking positions giving a matching score by pair, match up the best scores and display to a user for final arrangement. If you were looking at fragments of paper I'd probably go with a letter matching based on pre-analysis of the font used (by machine). use the letter matching to arrange the fragments as if they were strips and proceed from there. I'd be amazed if such things don't exist. We shred and compost if more security is needed. The article is clearly simplifying. Whether one believes the particles actually exist or whether describing them as particles is simply a convenience probably relates to whether one believes in an actual multiverse or that the Copenhagen interpretation is simply a method of understanding. The spin and charge in question, as the article notes, are gauge invariant. I hope those bananas are fairly traded? How about locally hand-built wooden furniture from sustainably managed forest - it sequesters carbon and provides often beautiful goods is relatively labour intensive (good for employment figures) and preserves traditional skills. Well managed forest will preserve the natural living environment of many species. Bonus points if the carpenter eats a low animal-protein diet. If you come across someone with major arterial bleeding and apparent internal bleeding then do you attempt to stem the external bleeding or do you just leave them because you can't do anything about the internal bleeding. Personally I'd apply first aid and call an ambulance, others it seems would counsel that I leave you to die as one can't immediately solve the whole problem. Do your bit for sustainable living short-term and use your vote to progress long term solutions. Use your consumer power to promote good governance by businesses. How realistic was the original energy target? Did they oversell it? I don't think that they'd have gotten the funding to go only as far as 5x10^12 eV. That may be 5 times higher than the tevatron, but the results are simply going to be, shucks we needed another trillion eV, lets create another largest engineering project and physics experiment ever. Gah, the internet ate my thoughtful response: PD doesn't protect your right to be named as author, IMO that moral right should be protected as it is in the Berne Convention. Copyright [supposedly] ensures that works move into the public domain. The problem with copyright is that the terms should be of the order of 15 years, not life + 70. Without copyright books would simply not be edited - editorial staff couldn't be paid as on release an opposing publisher (lulu?) would simply grab the book and publish an identical but lower cost copy. The first copy sold would have to assume the costs of the entire production, authors, publishing staff, printers, machinery. Bands would probably still fill venues. But songwriters would be working for free as they could never demo a piece without "spread[ing] it". DRM and contract law would fill the void and IMO less pieces would ever eventually enter the public domain and the arts would no longer provide most of the careers it does now. A painter may still sell pictures, but a photographer could only sell each one once. Any advertiser could use your personal picture if you published it online. Anybody could claim your programming library, not only for free, but as their own if they could access the code in any way. Copyright is not _all_ bad. But, if you've published that work once, eg on the internet then you can re-publish the same work when another party comes up with their own version (AFAICT). So when AP publish their equivalent of your prior published phrase you simply re-publish that identical excerpt - you've haven't copied from them you've simply taken a timing queue. You need a good date on your copy, I believe you are still allowed to register a work with the US government, so that would do, or get someone like archive.org to take a copy for you. What could AP do? You might also try for prominent publication of your word lists so that you can argue that AP copied you based on them having the opportunity, but I don't think you'd swing that one by a long shot. This is absolutely not legal advice by any stretch of the imagination! It annoys me as much when they don't bother making a character encoding declaration and there are placemarkers all over. Can't view all the details from this browser - don't the handle bars project outside the wheel cicumference, or can they be folded further? Personally I think the emphasis on folding bikes which seems to there appears to be at the moment is wrong. We should be looking at properly connecting the bike with mass transit - trains and buses that are easily accessible for bikes/cyclists. "Kind Regards" is pretty common in English English, find this often on business missives. I often use "sincerely", but never "yours sincerely" - I'm sincere but I'm not the chattel of the recipient. No, you're not copying those short phrases from anyone else, you wouldn't need to filter them out. This is establishing a point for yourself where any 5 word phrase from now on can be published by you relying on your own publication as a prior source. How quick and accurate is image matching? They can recognise the sleeve quickly but not, it seems the discs. OCR-ing movie titles from discs would be near impossible with any degree of accuracy. Is there not a unique code/barcode around the central hole on the back though? Or could they overprint a barcode? Wordpress, Joomla, etc. seem to have no problem with this. I've implemented FCKeditor and TinyMCE without issue. There's content-editable now too, which should make things simple: just mark a section of text as editable, edit in the browser and resubmit the page back to the server (nope not tried it yet). "any version" - hmm, really? You should be coding to standards compliance first, not to MSIE, perhaps that's the issue?? One of my bugbears is agency created emails that are sent direct from the agency servers or include agency links for tracking. My relationship is with your business, keep them out of it (or at least out back where I can't see them). The current link has a menu with a huge list of drugs links in it, presumably why they didn't link direct. Perhaps the site was hacked or maybe not. I'm using a text based browser, I'm guessing those links are hidden normally. For which website? "[...] how [IE6] is making the web a terrible place". I can't really understand you. You're saying IE6 isn't terrible despite it adding so much to project development and costs - it's not so bad now all the bugs are categorised and things like IE7.js (javascript DOM manipulator to fix lots of IE bugs) are available. But back in the day IE6 prevented us from using the latest techniques available in the other major browsers and caused me (and I'm sure thousands of others) many hours of trouble. I'm using links2 here - we're not talking about not serving someone, we're talking about ditching IE6 as part of the category A line; if they get the majority of info then that's fine don't worry about visuals being exactly right, etc.. Microsoft was evil with IE6 (couldn't they have just told us about hasLayout from the start), they've been forced by the likes of Mozilla to get with the program and now IE8 is quite a good browser with some innovation too (but they should have done PNG like everyone else, what is it 12 years they've failed to get PNG right - a browser that can't even display an image properly after 12 years of dev from the biggest software company in the world ... I mean come on guys, I digress). A little learning can go along way. Do the same people take their 1985 Datsun Sunnys to the garage and complain that the radio doesn't get digital and it doesn't get the speed and comfort of a Bugatti Veyron. If your business still has lead pipework or asbestos ceiling tiles then they need upgrading. If it still has "made for IE6" web apps they need upgrading. doesn't work in links2 either ;0) I like the guardians "figures behind the story" stuff, really nice. But it does show they're relying on a percentage which means that if the overall percent of 15-24 yo using the net has increased then the absolute number using SNS (Social Networking Sites) could have actually increased. Also, the figures look pretty bogus, apparently 22% of people age 15-24 have their own website? (this is not counting blogs or SNS, eg MySpace). I don't know a huge number of people in this age bracket but none have their own websites. Isn't that a 5% drop of 15-24 yo _online_ that are using SNS. So an increase in absolute users would create a decrease in %. It doesn't fall into any of the fair use exceptions. The USA fair use exceptions are far more liberal than in other jurisdictions. Simply because the use was not anticipated in the creation of the work doesn't mean that you are free (libre) to do it. Is it parody? Is it educational? Is it news reporting? Is it an insubstantial part? No, not "fair use" in the UK. In the US there's the notion of the use being incidental, which definitely works for documentaries but I think you'd be hard to swing it in this instance. With a good lawyer he should be able to win that case IMO. This is not legal advice, I'm not a copyright lawyer. The empirical data only tells you that your mass result is variable. It's your theorising that suggest as a hypothesis that the lake's current volume is perturbing your measurement - which you then show to be consistent with the rest of your theoretical framework by experiment. I wonder if the bounds are such that someone walking along the corridor will affect the measurement ("yo momma so fat she perturbs the expected measured mass of the Z-boson!"). What's the relative gravitational attraction of, say, Jupiter versus a nearby train. A great insight. I'd say using the USA flag will disenfranchise Brits (to varying degrees) - we're generally annoyed when those in the USA assume everyone reading an English language page is centred in the culture of the USA. Or at least that's the impression I get. Personally I'd try and go for a dropdown list of language names in that language - probably choosing the default selection from the UA string or the accept-language; then keeping the language setting in a cookie. I have a little more faith in the mathematicians of GCHQ than this. Indeed I suspect that in at least some of these cases (which according to Sir Christoper relate only to child endangerment, domestic abuse or terrorism) GCHQ could decrypt the contents themselves but wished not to reveal that fact to terrorist groups that want to blow us all [in the UK] up. The crime of not reading the flipping article? Under UK anti-terror measures in a case of national security failure to provide means to unlock encrypted files carries a 5 year prison sentence. Those of the 15 cases (since the legislation passed in 2007) that have not been terror related have concerned child abuse (probably pornography) or domestic abuse (I'm thinking that possibly means "honour killings", but that's speculation). Personally I have no problems with coercing people to reveal details of the children they've abused, family members they've had killed, or of their plans to blow up my fellow countrymen. But I can see how, if it's just your porn collection that you're hiding from your wife, that when you get collared for terrorism that having some mathematician at GCHQ know you've got a rubber fetish is really going to ruin your day. How about the password for what ever is currently the most important thing in your life? Or not even most important, do you remember your cash-card PIN? Terrorists planning the London bombings, for example, are unlikely to have forgotten their password. They've memorised the whole Koran (on the whole) remembering the access code to the details of the single most important defining action in their entire lives is unlikely. Still possible, but I don't think your story is relevant. Which will work so long as you've used a perfect system that can't be shown to have encrypted data by the boffins of GCHQ. Not a gamble I'd take. Remember if you've claimed there is no encrypted data and so refused to provide a key they'll only need to show that there is encrypted data and possibly that you own that computer (but if you've made the aforesaid denial I don't think they'd even need to do that, logically) - perhaps on seizing the computer an officer caught information displayed on screen on their video camera (used to record during raids) before you hit the power switch. Perhaps there's a snippet of something that can be extracted from a volatile memory buffer? I don't fancy your chances. So you may as well not bother planning any terror attacks, kthnxbye You'd have had to have melted or burnt the CD, IMO. And be ready to be held for purjory (sp?) when the brightest and best computing and mathematical minds of the UK show that you accessed the data that day (or whatever). Or the less bright observations of the stakeout team show you're lying. Best option: Don't abuse children, commit domestic abuse, or plan terrorist actions - then this law won't be applied. Perhaps 5 years is the time the UK security services believe is required to crack currently available encryption systems if necessary. So, you plan your truck bombing, get locked up for 5 years for not revealing the decryption keys, then get locked up for "life" for the planned terror acts. The 5 year sentence in the article is for failure to reveal keys in cases concerning national security, ie terrorism. If that's every person, then a family of 4 would get $13000. Allowing for differences in cost of living I'd say that's about 75% of what I'm living on in the UK (and we run a car). If you own housing then I'd say that's more than enough to live on. If you're happy to supplement that income by growing some of your own food (allotments in the UK are very low cost) then I'd say you can live quite comfortably. I have a friend on UK disability allowance. He gets more money than me per month, I work an average 6 day week. He also gets housing on top of the money, so in reality he's a lot better off than I. Most council housing, where people are living on unemployment benefits has satellite TV and eat take-away food a lot. I can't afford that. People we know on benefits buy "all new" for their babies (&pound;300 buggys!) whilst we rely on secondhand and hand-me-downs. Basically my argument is that the current system gives too much if it's not a struggle to get by (requiring some work for yourself, mending clothes, growing food) then it's too much IMO. My friend has considered working, and has in the past, but he makes less money the more he works. Last time I checked we were at about 75% of the official poverty line but ate healthily and even managed a small holiday. Now I suspect (one more child and ensuing benefit) we're on the line. The early Christian Church, as reported in Acts - the believers shared all things in common. There was a brief breakdown when the apostles had to intervene as those distributing food to the widows and orphans were tending to favour their own people. In the UK, we just got increased child benefit (new baby) and so our reduced council tax (local taxation based on [an imaginary] property value) has been increased. Net loss to us. Sadly we're not allowed to refuse the added child benefit. Mind you the system is so complex that they couldn't tell us in advance what child benefit we'd get - presumably they just wait and see what number the computer spits out. This number appears to have a random perturbation. The wikipedia article says that basic income is give to all regardless of wealth. That's one of the points - it removes the huge costs involved in administrating a system that has to establish and analyse the wealth of all members of the community. The stipend, IMO, needs to be at a level that requires you to grow your own food, mend your own clothes, etc., in order to not go hungry and naked. That is it should require you to be productive even if you're not employed. If you can afford to smoke or buy brand new clothes, buy cable telly or go out for food then you're getting too much stipend. Then the question becomes how many people on minimum wage jobs would give up what they have and live in charity shop clothing, tending an allotment, not smoking or drinking (unless they grow/bottle their own) and preparing their own food at home in shared accommodation. I don't think you'll see too many of the current generation choosing that sort of lifestyle. Google file system, nothing to do with evolution. that kerning makes me think that when I get home I'll run the text through a font checker. I don't think anyone who writes English normally would write calligraphy like that. Presumably for a low number of users you could return simply one of 3 or 4 different styles of signature, taken simply from good handwriting fonts and facsimiled on video for the lessons? Not necessarily a bad idea. Amazon were selling books online in 1995. Not sure how they were advertising, I'm guessing it was mainly offline, though I imagine possibly signature ads on newsgroups may have been part of it. "you are using an incompatible browser" Summary: your most visited sites are displayed by Safari to chose from - these can be manipulated by an attacker using javascript - replaced sites can be used to phish your account details (eg bank details) and the URL can be hidden due to another Safari bug. Result: all your $$$ are belong to teh crakzorz if you use Saf4's "top sites" feature (I'd be wary of the equivalents in other browsers too). It sounds like they're only on the hook because they paid for a license to the "DVD Copy Control Association" and that the license excludes the option to allow users to copy the DVDs. It is pretty silly to allow copying for backup but not allow any means to perform that copying. Note in the UK there is no backup provision in so-called fair use clauses. I'm not saying you do, I'm saying a dishonest person could and would probably get away with it for quite a while. My comment was in response to someone saying that they had lots of old passwords they'd forgotten - the point was that this law is not being used to get access to your old ASCII porn collection on your 386 in the closet. The mention of the Koran was saying that one of the disciplines muslims strive for is reciting the whole Koran, quite a feat of memory IMO. A well motivated person, who has probably mastered this memory task is unlikely, I contend, to forget an encryption key (password) that is part of what will be the defining moment of their life. Personally I fancy my chances of being hit by a meteorite as higher than those of being obliged to hand over my passwords under this law. Or they could have an IE6 compatibility mode built into IE8. Then all those companies that designed IE6 apps instead of web apps in the past could specify with a code change that the pages are not www pages but IE6 pages and MSIE could display them appropriately (and addons for FF could use that to hook in an IE6 view, etc.). I run IE6 (an a virtualbox VM with WinXP) alongside IE8 and FF, Saf, Op, Chrome, etc., for testing purposes. It even runs IE5, IE4 but I don't have to bother with them except when I want a laugh. MultipleIE (from tredosoft.com), simples. How does it use IE6, why was it not designed for the web in the first place? What other single point of failures were chosen in the design phase? That feature matched CRM, or probably a better one, may be available as OSS now for nothing but the cost of a few developers to create some shims and massage things into place? The docs and metadata are in a DB, just have a new frontend written to match the old UI but with knobs on. Should be done and ready to test by next weekend (inside joke ;0). Or just get an OSS DM system and munge it together with the old DB. Perhaps knowledgetree would be a starting point for that. If it's "coded to Firefox" then they're doing it wrong. If it's coded to web standards and only FF is supported, that's a different matter. Suppose a patent problem came up (as with GIFs in the past) and FF couldn't be used legally any more. If you code to FF you'll probably find you're OK, but if you code to standards then any standards compliant browser should be a drop-in replacement. MS is not stupid, they don't make money from people who aren't upgrading. If R^3 is taken with vector (x1,x2,x3) defined using x1+x2+x3=0 then I can't quite picture that, I can only imagine the projections on the axes, not the actual plane ... anyone know of a simply 3D graphing tool online. "a truly enlightened man", IMO Jesus was that man (and more) - but I know what response that will get here. The point is not that a great leader come forward but that we choose to follow and imitate the greatest goodness, wisdom, kindness, self-control and love that we encounter. If our language (I'm thinking English, I'd be interested to hear of variations) is for telling people where the ripe fruit is, how come we don't have specific [common] words for so-unripe-it-will-give-you-indigestion, not-quite-ripe, ripe-enough, still-needs-to-ripen and so-ripe-you-can't-pick-it - they'd be very useful in foraging situations? I guess /auf Deutsch/ they'd all just be compound words? Following your first sentence, now I can. Easier than z=0? Just because I had a senior moment doesn't mean you need to go hyperbolic on me (nasty pun intended). Yes hypercubes and what not turn my brain inside out, like trying to catch Gas in a coarse net - surely you can never actually visualise them. As a note of personal history I've often found the simplest problems to be extremely difficult to grasp whilst still having the highest school exam results in my town as a child. FWIW, as an insight to how a broken brain works, I made the mistake of mentally choosing simple points (-1,-1,2), etc., and then connecting those points into a closed shape; in my minds eye excluding the region outside of the shape .. hence the problem. Thanks to you and Jabavu, the "normal (1,1,1) vector through the origin" is the best description for me. I'm not sure if you could find any larger assumptions? Perhaps baryonic assymetry is only a local feature creating completely different structures in the observable universe. Perhaps past expansion is far accelerated or the acceleration increase and decrease over time. Perhaps "c" is not a constant. The work of Barrett et al. "Undermining the cosmological principle:[...]" shows that minimal fluctuations in CDM does not necessarily show isotropy and homogeneity. Add to this that observable matter is postulated to be The implication is, though he specifically states it's not, that you can follow his model and do the same thing. Knowing what level of intelligence/intellect he has helps to determine if that is at all possible. Interesting story though. I only skimmed over the text but missed whether he did all the design himself, it looks quite slick, especially compared to his hand-drawn wireframes. IMO being a hacker has nothing to do with computers. Also, I'm amazed that people here are still making the mistake of conflating crackers - those who make unauthorised access to [computer] systems - with hackers. Presumably you think you're breaking the law by coming on "Hacker News"? This duality I find annoying - I want to be able to upvote with reasoning, even if there are just two vote types "Yes/No" and "Up/Down". Then I can show agreement or show that someone added to the thread but didn't say something I agree with. Your post is pretty close to where I am, 'cept I gave up smoking when I was 12 (I still fancy a ciggy occassionally!), apart from a few occassions since. I was speculating whether or not computers make me overall less productive or not - I'm convinced they do. I need other people around to work with, then I can get "addicted" to helping and progressing the task rather than anything else. Sadly I'm working largely autonomously despite efforts to change that. W: Who is Roy Fielding M: Some smart guy W: So is he going to help you fix the shed? There's a spattering of tiny little issues I have throughout the post - perhaps I'll blog about it. I also wish that people commenting on a particular legal jurisdiction would be totally upfront about it - "11 myths about US copyright law" would have been better; thankfully he does not in several places he's talking about US law (though there were no quotes or mentions of caselaw or statute IIRC, except for Berne) He rather belittles moral rights, making them appear to be tacked on, the right to be named as author of your own work IMO should be considered the cornerstone of copyright and is a key part of the Berne Convention adopted in most places outside the USA early in the 1900s. Mounting a bunch of chips and a few components on a circuit board ... I assumed he was going to be getting down to planning which chips to use, what they'd do, memory use, etc.. Not quite what I'd call "from scratch". 10; parents, probably though I thought not at the time - it wasn't exactly a big habit, probably like one a week! Just one of those things one does to try and be cool and fit in. Then I realised it's stupid. I was probably a little under 12 then. My mates folks owned a pub, his parents definitely knew we were getting our fags there. You've piqued my interest, can you follow through: what are the problems of attribution and control over modification (and other moral rights?) that you're thinking of? So what we actually get, with the sibling post to yours, is that a programmer can make a web app with the help of a web design firm ... who would have thought it possible. Nice story, great looking site, but not quite the in-at-the-deep-end story it appears. If there are no absolute coordinates then there is an arbitrary choice of coordinate system and you are welcome to choose your jumping off point as fixed. When I jump I push the entire universe down by about 30cm. Makes the maths a reall bugger to work out though. The speed of light in a vacuum being [constantly and universally] constant is an axiom (ie assumption, belief) of special relativity so it applies to inertial frames of reference. So, strictly it is not "regardless of your frame of reference". Accelerating frames, eg rotating or accelerating (eg under gravity where General relativity applies) require special treatments. I honestly don't know what memes you're referring too (nor the books) but outlier and tipping point have basic meanings without interpretation: tipping point is a cusp or specifically the point at which the force vector originating at the centre-of-gravity passes outside the foot of a body causing it to tip over. Outliers are statistical anomalies or unexpected results that are usually ignored as if they are insignificant. Black swans on the other hand are birds with a particular pigment. Now what are the additional layers of meaning, we see black swans referring to apparently unlikely events that nevertheless will occur (that's possibly not the definition given by this guy), but what about the super-definitions for the others? I'm in the UK, we have dinner at 6:30pm but then we have a pre-schooler. Sometimes it's closer to 8, 8:30pm but rarely that late more than once a week. In countries with a siesta I'd expect this to push back at least an hour. In short, I concur. The front wheel does not need to lock to cause the bike to endo (back wheel raised). Simply preventing the wheel from locking up won't cure it IMO. However, I can readily imagine using some gyroscopes to check that the bike is not flipping and if it's approaching a flip to release break pressure momentarily to keep the back end down. This would need to be very finely tuned as you'd rather endo into a stop with your tyre touching a truck than you would ride with two wheels down and hit the truck at speed. The amount of back-wheel air that you'd cope with will depend on the driver and conditions quite a bit. "in the UK, where all cars I've seen had their indicator stalks on the left." I've driven quite a few different cars (mainly UK, some Spanish/French hire cars, SEAT/Peugot) as we used to hire instead of owning and so I'd drive a different make/model every time. They differ in indicator placement. Similarly some cars use a stalk (rotating end switch) for headlights whilst others use a dashboard mounted dial switch. Some cars have a stalk-end switch for the horn whilst others use buttons either side of the steering wheel and others use the whole steering wheel center (this appears to be less common now as it has an air-bag in it though Renaults have always had a stalk based horn from what I can tell). My current car, a Citroen Xsara Picasso (right hand drive) has a left-stalk, the car I learnt in (many years ago) was a Nissan Micra 1.0 and had a right-stalk indicator. I'm afraid I can't remember on the others to be certain but they definitely have been a mixture. I think the Renault Megane Scenic we had prior to this had the indicator right-stalk as I clearly remember putting the wipers on when lane changing - but that might well be that the hire cars we used around that time (2 different Vauxhalls) had the indicator that side, not sure. Didn't they used to jump in, either over the side door or through a window, both feet would reach the footwell at about the same time; arguably from the angle of attack the right foot might be first to the pedals. I suspect it's more to do with gearbox placement or similar. If a coders moral rights are inalienable to the extent that some right can be asserted after he has license away those rights then he cannot create open source software under certain licenses. If he can later demand attribution then he must choose a license that includes teh possibility of attribution - yes I can see this could be a problem. Do you know of any specific jurisdiction in which a creator can't license away the rights needed? [IANAL, this isn't legal advice either] If you register your whole years posts as one work then a large excerpt from one post would probably not be a significant part of that whole work. Copying of an insubstantial part usually rules out the copying as being commercial - this is where lawyers earn their fee, what is an substantial part? In the worst circumstances I can see such a registration meaning you get no damages at all as it supports the copiers claim that the amount copied is not enough to be commercial damaging. Kinda like http://google.in/news then or http://google.in/news/section?topic=n ? Isn't that the point of most Fb apps, they're designed as an excuse to harvest credentials. Or am I too cynical? What inspires someone paperless since 2002 (because it's his job to research this stuff at Microsoft) to create a print book? Yeah, if there are reports of criminal activities the cops should stay away and not look at what's going on, dam those meddling cops stopping criminals from doing their deals. Presumably you'd like patroling officers to be fitted with blindfolds to avoid them surveilling people from the street? "intents and purposes" If I build it will HN implement it? I rather suspect not. "we can do better.;-)" ROFLCOPTER ?? Requires javascript? I like it, it's an incredibly good way of determining what the use cases are - what are people coming to the site for? Well we have a couple of weeks of data showing exactly what people are trying to find. I'd be very interested to see bounce and pages per user metrics from before and after (and during). In other words: we're looking to update our top password lists that we use for site cracks &c., please give us your top passwords, check your own isn't there (go on what harm can it do) - we promise we'll tie those to your history profile via the referer information (and js history hacks!), then we'll run an automated attack against all the top social sites using your passwords you entered. If we're really lucky we might be able to sniff a username cookie and badda-bing, we're in. Have a nice day! I very much doubt it, you'd think they would have chosen a rate close to the minimum boundary rather than completely outside of it. In Sept 2008 the rate was about $2(USD) =Â£1 (GBP) and had been reasonably stable for a time. A divisor of $1.5 (USD), so a $75 music player would be Â£50 would then still have been more profit (sales taxes excluded). Assuming this to be true it showing that MS believe the buying power in the UK to have shrunk considerably, isn't it. I expect the price in Kenya, say, to be lower still. Looks like a free-volume system. They give it away and make up the short fall by volume ;0)> Me too, plus the "Daily" part reminds you you're supposed to keep going back. Must be a regional thing, on seeing the name photographs was the first thing that came to mind - perhaps it's cause I can't afford to eat out at posh restaurants?? If they get kids sexting over it then they could be held for having indecent images of a minor and for distribution of same. What's the rental like in Times Square? Must be millions? 25% of music sales in the US (according to another headline on HN) are on iTunes. Perhaps most people that used to use the Virgin store there now use iTunes? Your bank is running a prize draw for loyal customers - Fill in your bank account number to see if you've already won a prize: Please add your full name, phone number and main email address so that we can contact you about your winnings: Whether the model is a "skank" (which I read, as a UK English user, to be similar to a slag - a loose woman of low morals, skank suggests "scruffy" where slag does not) is a matter of opinion and not a matter of objective fact. How then can one show that she is being defamed, if one considers here to be a skank then under that subjective definition she is. No defamation/libel just name calling. If you said specifically she "slept around" and there was no factual basis for that then it would be different. I did not. I'm with him right the way except where he dis's CC-NC-SA. Surely if someone from the copyfarleft community works on the project then they too will be releasing it free and so how is the work not endogenic. CC-NC-SA simply puts up a wall, that PD does not, to prevent exploitation from outside the sharealike community (to coin a term). I can see that without [intellectual] property if we wish to enjoy artistic works we must establish a way of paying artists; the question is will we do any better than copyright? It is only really the long terms [monopoly periods] that stop copyright from performing its duty to aid movement of creative works into the public domain AND allow ample time for artists to gain reward from that work. Oh yeah and viva la revolution comrades. "plans are great but executing them is where the work is [...]" True enough, but some people are good at execution and some people are good at ideas. During the execution phase you're going to need more ideas, probably, to get past your MVP and on to a fully rounded product. Reminds me of the postings the other on Word of Goo - the idea was simple, implementing it was quite hard but additional ideas were added all along the way: things that transformed the product. Ideas possibly are ten-a-penny, good ideas ...? Great ideas restricted to a specific market segment, they've got to be even more rare. PageRank was a good idea, sure without implementation it's nothing, without the idea there's no implementation though. I worked as a Patent Examiner for 5 years and have hobbied as a copyright troll (!) for quite a long time: AFAIK, and this is not IP legal advice, there's jack all you can do unless you have something uniquely novel and some sort of IP registration. Are they using your trademarks to describe the product; Are they using your registered design as the form of the product; Are they using your patented process; Are they copying your artistic input? From your description it doesn't sound like you have anything - you're then getting into the territory of making something up, eg getting a weak patent to batter people with [who don't have IP lawyers on staff]. Did you see the original implementations of Star Office (now OpenOffice.org) versus MS's Word at the time? If MS could've sued they would IMO. The Anarchist Bookshop can produce it, just not commercially, in copyright law commercial damage can be made by giving stuff away for free but I've always assumed in CC that commercial means anything above material costs. You say the Anarchist Bookshop (I'm not sure if that's a real example?) could then sell the work, why, why should they sell it I thought this was about removing rental costs on intellectual items. What's your criterion for allowing a reseller to make profit, political persuasion? Now I'm confused. Just read the Audion vs SoundJam (which became iTunes) story posted elsewhere on HN. It seems quite aposit. Audion created a new skinning method, SoundJam copied that method allowing Audion skins to be used with SoundJam. Some other company than Panic would have added DRM to prevent the use of the skins in anything but Audion. Is there any way you can be more specific about the products? An IP Lawyer is going to cost you - they will find stuff that you can protect but this is not necessarily going to be the best way forward. Lawyers tend to see legal solutions. YMMV. edit:Typo They can argue they're a common carrier, sure, but I don't think that's going to fend off the police from seizing their servers and it might not get them through court either. Get the company to agree a common uniform wage across all workers. Put managers on lower wages that front-liners : my then civil service boss was the first one that showed this idea to me, that you shouldn't necessarily pay managers higher wages than workers. In a coal mine, say, the guys downstairs at the [actual] coal-face are arguably working harder and at greater risk than the guy in the office that administrates the shift changes, etc.. Reading that quote the only adjective at issue is "whoring" the rest are subjective unless the alleged defamer is her Psychiatrist and knows that she is not. Whoring in this context would be unlikely to be meant as actual prostitution instead I'd interpret it (though the courts will doubtless disagree) as meaning "she has multiple partners outside of or alongside long term relationships". This of course is a matter to be determined by facts. Even if it's shown that in fact she does not sleep around, then there's the question of whether that allegation defames the person in question. For example they may be widely publically assumed to have that lifestyle and so this statement would no more defame her than the allegation of lying (everybody lies). So does she sleep around, perhaps this should be determined before the breaching the anonymity of her critic. Revealing the critics identity is punishing them before the trial has even taken place to determine if they're guilty. it's only defamation if it's not true; it's only defaming if it is, which sounds like a truism. If I claim someone is a drug-addled buffoon, that may be defaming, if that person is Ozzy Osbourne, then his corpus of work speaks directly to that conclusion and only the most highly paid lawyers would bother to argue that description defamed him. "Bute Cardiff", do you have a RL connection to the Marquis of Bute? Where's the third amigo? If ATT called Apple and simply asked them to deny GV approval then that is certainly a "non-contractual understanding". There do not need to be reverse conditions AFAICT - if there are it's a contract. "if you purposefully engage in the spreading of false [...] information then [...]" you must be marketing something Then it would be as useful as a mailing list that nobody wanted to read .. still that might be better than it is now. Sports only measure the sporting ability of a person or team against another person or team, that's it. They have some relevance to useful characteristics for combat too. Utility is not really an issue. For me, the point of sport is fun - that's why I don't watch Professional Football (soccer), it's all about money, not about fun IMO. The only way I really find fun in sport is doing it. There seems to be a bit of a trend for "$groupOfPeople are stupid" posts - presumably it's just an attempt to be inflammatory to get links and visibility. People who post "$gOP are stupid" posts are stupid. Read about it on my blog ... Um, why? Because we don't know what clothes to wear unless we're given a season? What purpose do seasons have other than a very rough approximation of weather trends anyhow? If you're living in a particular climate then the month is surely enough to establish the approximate weather - or you know there's something called a window and you can look out of it and see what the weather is like on the other side. I really don't get it. Really? What do they use? Do you think I could find when you're on holiday, then call the bank [apparently] from your phone number and with the account details and say "my brother has been killed interrupting a robbery, could you halt the account" ... would that make a difference? I wonder if they'd need anything more than a [forged] death certificate to cash out the account? You carry plenty of cash on holiday don't you, so that when your accounts stopped you can get home quickly? a little info + social engineering >= lots of hassle I up-modded but I actually use a fat felt-tip pen (aka fibre-tip). Pencil allows you to add lots of detail if you want to, you can't do that with a big fat pen as you just end up shading the thing in. Interactive white board might be good (you can build one using a wiimote in a famous internet howto). Shouldn't the "index start value" just be a compilation directive? Presumably him shooting himself is incidental? I'd guess he was charged with discharging a firearm without lawful purpose (or something along those lines), endangerment, carrying a concealed weapon without a license, being a moron ... oh scratch that last one, that's not illegal. No, but the assumption of the ignorance of others as the reason you can't reach them is passive whilst the drive to provide better evidence to convince people is active. Sitting back and saying I've got what you need but you can't understand is not going to move you forward. Pushing on to a position of greater clarity and persuasion will usually help in convincing not only the as-yet-unconvinced but also win more mindshare with the convinced. [Was that generic enough?!] "a staff of exactly zero" Or more correctly "Plenty of Fish had a staff of one"? My wife and I run a business together - we practically live in each others pockets. The business is small in every sense and yet we still need to have [occassional] meetings. I don't believe they don't have any meetings, maybe they moved their meetings online, but they'd still be meetings. But Craigslist beat others in establishing theirselves as the hub of that ecosystems; they didn't just buy the domain name and have all those groups of people there the next day. I'm not sure that multiple monitors is about multitasking - you can only physically focus your eyes on a limited amount of screen; peripheral vision allows for more I guess. Multiple monitors (I've only ever used 1 or 2) just make task switching easier but I didn't find 2 monitors any better (more productive, more convenient) than simply using multiple screens in KDE. You remember that quote verbatim but don't remember where you read it? I thought my memory was screwy ... Two points: 1) "voluntary, tax deductible, donation" presumably means one can donate charitably to an individual who needs a medical intervention of some sort, eg pay for your brothers kidney operation tax free - what's your objection to this sort of thing? Your vitriol is obscuring your message. 2) "many of our health-care problems are self-inflicted:", they are though aren't they? No where near all of them, but certainly many (I'm in the UK, perhaps people [contrary to all media reports] look after themselves better in the USA?). Instead of just having the program files on USB memory stick could you have a had a custom bootable linux environment instead - then getting the environment set up would just be a case of plugging in to a PC and booting up. Sometimes getting to the point where you start programming can be hard. Just a thought. Allow for the change to bed in. When the awesome bar came out I immediately disliked it, possibly hated it even: now I find it both useful and generally awesome. It [the awesome bar] takes time to learn the best response to each key string, now i rarely need to type more than 3 letters to find the address i want, often just one letter. Also a UI change can get more plaudits by virtue of the placebo effect, IMO (I've not done double blind tests!), making things appear better simply cause the look has changed.