Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout. I just started with my website and did a crawl. Subsequently I've been seeding it with the best results form my previous crawls. It's a directed search so it doesn't seem to need a particularly solid seed to get decent results. Yeah it's hosted by cloudflare. I'm currently IP-blocking them, as because they keep prompting my crawler with a captcha, presumably because it's made millions of requests from their CDN. Some rigmarole getting recognized as a good bot by the CDNs. I've submitted a request fairly recently, but haven't heard back from them yet. Like I would like to be on good terms with them, and other websites that block small independent crawlers. I can't blame them though, there's a lot of bad bots out there. But I'm doing my best not be part of the problem. Yeah I did some work very recently aimed at improving the relevance a bit. It was a bit too random in the state it was before. Now it, perhaps, isn't random enough anymore. If Google starts showing interesting text-heavy links instead of vapid listicles and storefronts, I have accomplished everything I ever could dream of. Javascript tags are penalized the hardest, but it also takes into consideration density of text per HTML. There's also some adjustments based on text length, which words occur in the page, etc. It really depends on what you search for. A major drawback is that there needs to be text-heavy sites to find, in order for the search engine to find them. Compare for example the results for "Duke Nukem 3D" with those for "Cyberpunk 2077". It's pretty much all bespoke. I use external libraries for parsing HTML (JSoup) and robots.txt; but that's about it. The real test is in now, index server is reconstructing its index. It does this every 6 hours if there is new pages. Takes half an hour or so usually. It's supposed to be able to handle searches at the same time, but jeepers, it's gonna have to chew through nearly 400 Gb of data while dealing with over 1 request per second. Yeah there was unfortunately a problem with the content-type code recently, it unfortunately categorized some binary data as HTML and tried to process it best-effort. So there's some binary soup in the index. The bug has since been fixed, but it won't come into effect in a few weeks. I guess it's a matter of taste. I can barely read anything on regular wikipedia because the inline links disrupt my flow. The spelling suggestions are presented whenever there isn't any results, but sometimes they can be pretty misleading. What happens is that C, as a word, isn't indexed because it's deemed too short, and the bigram "c strtok" can't be found anywhere. Try 'strtok' instead. I'm self-hosting, and the server is a Ryzen 7 3900x with 128 Gb of non-ECC RAM. It sits in my living room next to a cheap UPS. I did snag one of the last remaining Optane 900Ps off Amazon, and it powers the index and the database--and I really do think this is among the best hardware choices for this use case. But beyond that it's really nothing special, hardware-wise. Like it's less than a month's salary. It runs Debian, and all the services run bare metal with zero containerization. Modern consumer hardware can be absurdly powerful if you let it. Like I have no doubt a thousand engineers could spend a hundred times as much time building a search engine that did pretty much the same thing mine does, it would require a full data center to stay running and be much slower. But that's just a cost of large scale software development I don't have to pay as a solo developer with no deadline, no planning and a shoestring budget. The search engine doesn't actually do full text search, so maybe your query was too... unique. But do first of all verify that you haven't been hacked. There's about quarter of a million domains I've flagged that, besides their wordpress content, also host a ton of link spam crap off in some hidden folder. This reflects on the quality rating extremely negatively to the point where you may have not been indexed at all. Secondly, are you behind cloudflare or some other big-name CDN? Because, as I mentioned in another comment, I can't crawl their pages without getting captchad until they approve of my humble request to be classified as a good bot. There are some other hosting providers I flat out block on a subnet level because they host a large amount of link farms. This is currently Alibaba, Psychz, eSited, Cloud Yuqu and 1Blu. Hmm, which OS? I only have a single Android phone so I've only fixed the CSS for that. Well just crunching the numbers should indicate what is possible and what isn't. For the moment I have just south of 20 million URLs indexed. 1 x 20 million bytes = 20 Mb. 10 x 20 million bytes = 200 Mb. 100 x 20 million bytes = 2 Gb. 1,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Gb. 10,000 x 20 million bytes = 200 Gb. 100,000 x 20 million bytes = 2 Tb. 1,000,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Tb. This is still within what consumer hardware can deal with. It's getting expensive, but you don't need a datacenter to store 20 Tb worth of data. How many bytes do you need, per document, for an index? Do you need 1 Mb of data to store index information about a page that, in terms of text alone, is perhaps 10 Kb? Yeah I think the charset detection needs work. It understands the "Content-type: text/html;charset=utf-8" -header, and but not It turns out HTML has a lot of corner cases. I'm constantly marveling at how web browsers hold together as well as they do. The search engine doesn't do any type of re-ordering or synonym stuff, it only tires to construct different N-grams from the search query. So if you for example compare "SDL tutorial" with "SDL tutorials". On google you'd get the same stuff, this search engine, for better or worse doesn't. This is a design decision, for now anyway, mostly because I'm incredibly annoyed when algorithms are second-guessing me. On the other hand, it does mean you sometimes have to try different searches to get relevant results. Haha! I did actually assume UTF-8 at first, but being a search engine has a lot of older websites, I sadly got a lot of encoding errors doing that, too. Try a query on the form site:www.example.com ;-) I might add a donate button or something if people want to help support the project, hardware isn't cheap and all. But I have a job and decent income. I think if this search engine became the way I earned money, it would influence the project in a bad way, and corrupt its purpose, which is to help people explore the less-commercial internet. What are you searching for when you enter the query "dog", keeping in mind the search engine deliberately does not examine synonyms or and deliberately seeks out the path less taken? Dog facts? Then search "dog facts" Famous dogs? Then search "famous dogs" Rappers? Try "snoop dogg" It tries. Dunno, I prefer to use as neutral or positive terminology even when I talk about things I don't like. I think it very easily comes off as juvenile ranting when you start throwing around terms with strong negative connotations. Part of what I wanted to show with this project is that there is no such thing as an objective search engine. Even seemingly irrelevant technological decisions drastically impact the narrative. I have something of a blog here, with an Atom feed. https://memex.marginalia.nu/log/ It's not very well optimized for mobile, really it's more of a bridge for my geminispace content. Right, but that is still a technical decision on their side. They presumably don't sit down and have a meeting about what world view they should present. Well I hope they don't. I felt I needed to add it to help people taught by other search engines that they only get 1-2 good results, and the rest is useless. The reason I'm providing a hundred results is that there are often a lot of results to choose from. If the point is to find something unexpected, and that indeed is the entire point, then that is the only sane design choice. Like you search for something on Google and similar, and you know what you are going to find. They are so good at searching the Internet and predicting what you are going to click on that you never see something new. It's a great feat of engineering, but a huge tragedy, because discovering new things, outside of what you our your demographic has previously demonstrated an interest in, it can be absolutely life changing. The excerpts are static and very best effort. You just have to visit the website and find out I'm afraid. I can do a lot with what I have, but I can't do full text search on millions of documents with dynamic excerpts off a single computer in my living room. Looks like that page just has an absurd amount of keywords. Those sometimes surface when there isn't any good results. Haven't found a foolproof detection method that doesn't unjustly punish innocent pages with large amounts of content. Understand that this is something I built for myself, by myself, so it focuses on languages I understand. It hosted on a single consumer grade computer in my living room. I built it out of pocket and anyone is free to use it. Does this make me a villain? If I can do this, what's preventing some guy in Japan or India or Peru from doing the same, of course focusing on their languages? It is very much a work in progress, still struggling with some areas. I only really got into the territory of "sometimes actually useful" like this weekend. Wasn't planning on blowing up on HN just yet. Again it's a one man hobby project, I don't have a team of people to go through every formulation and every error message to ensure nobody can read them in a way that offends them. It's just me, writing code on an unfinished project that HN discovered. In this case, the code doesn't match the word regexp, like it may be a @TwitterHandle or a "comp.lang.c" with periods in it, or an unsupported Unicode range. It doesn't know why it is not matching, just that it doesn't. I am the first to admit it's a pretty dated reference. Fair point, I refined the phrasing a bit. > The term "𓀀" contains characters that are not currently supported Yeah I wasn't really planning for this to blow up like it did today. It's currently sitting at about 35% of the index size I usually aim for, so besides the stuff I can't index because it's behind CDNs, there's a lot of pages it just hasn't gotten to yet. playwright.dev is pretty low on the priority list because it has a metric crap-ton of javascript on its front page. The crawler has visited it, looked at it, and put it very far down the priority queue. I implemented calculations because easily 80% of my google queries are calculations, unit conversions, etc. Search functionality is larger priority. Calculations and unit conversions were an afternoon's break from the search functionality :-) Vanilla HTTP should be fine. I think 80% of the urls are HTTP. If you're getting no such domain, it's either blocked because it looks too much like a spam domain, or it simply hasn't been discovered yet. What's the TLD? I severely restrict some cheaper TLDs because they gave so much spam. For example, cr.yp.to is an example of a baby I know I've definitely thrown out with the bathwater. I've rephrased the wording for that one a bit. I think you need to approach it more like grep than google. It's a forgotten art, dealing with this type of dumb search engine. Like if you search for "How do I make a steak", you aren't going to get very good results. But a better query is "Steak Recipe", as that is at least a conceivable H1-tag. This just isn't the place to go for promotional materials about upcoming video games. It's a niche search engine for discovering stuff off the beaten path, the stuff you can't find on mainstream search engines. Some of it is junk, admittedly, and not everyone will see the point, that's fine too. Despite what some people seem to think, it's never been meant as a google-replacement. I have never claimed otherwise. It doesn't look at what the javascript does, just how much there is. The trick is that the list of URLs for each word already is in the URLs file. The URLs in a range are sorted. A sorted list (or list-range) forms an implicit set-like data structure, where you can do binary searches to test for existence. Consider a words file with two words, "hello" and "world", corresponding to the ranges (0,3), (3,6). The URLs file contains URLs 1, 5, 7, 2, 5, 8. The first range corresponds to the URLs 1, 5, 7; and the second 2, 5, 8. If you search for hello world, it will first pick a range, the range for "hello", let's say (1,5,7); and then do binary searches in the second range -- the range corresponding to "world" -- (2,5,8) to find the overlap. This seems like it would be very slow, but since you can trivially find the size of the ranges, it's possible to always do them in an order of increasing range-sizes. 10 x log(100000) is a lot smaller than 100000 x log(10) Yeah this is actually a bit of a concern of mine. As very much a friend of Voltaire's, I don't think it's my place to police people's opinions no matter how disagreeable, but I also don't want my search engine to become branded as the search engine of choice for nazis because it's decent at cataloguing extremist sites. Huh. That's an interesting case you've found. I think part of the problem is gold sellers were displacing all the good results. I blocked a few of them and got a few more relevant results, but it's not great. But still, the search engine only finds two great hits. I wonder why not. Maybe there just aren't that many runescape pages around still? Or it may just be that it hasn't found anything better yet. The index is pretty shallow right now, only 20M URLs, I aim for more than double. I honestly wasn't planning on this blowing up on HN at this stage. Curious, I haven't touched the stylesheets. > How are you able to keep the site running after HN kiss of death? I originally targeted a Raspberry Pi4-cluster. It was only able to deal with about 200k pages at that stage, but it did shape the design in a way that makes very thrifty use of the available hardware. My day job is also developing this sort of highly performance java applications, I guess it helps. > What is your stack, elastic search or something simper? It's a custom index engine I built for this. I do use mariadb for some ancillary data and to support the crawler, but it's only doing trivial queries. > How did you crawl so many websites for a project this size? It's not that hard. Like it seems like it would be, and there certainly is an insane number of edge cases, but if you just keep tinkering you can easily crawl dozens of pages per second even on modest hardware (of course distributed across different domains). > Did you use any APIs like duck duck go or data from other search engines? Nope, it's all me. > Are you still incorporating something like PageRank to ensure good results are prioritized or is it just the text-based-ness factor? I'm using a somewhat convoluted algorithm that takes into consideration the text-based-ness of the page, but also how many incoming links the domain has, but it's a weighted value that factors in the text-based-ness of the origin domains. It would be interesting to try a page rank-style approach, but my thinking is that because it's the algorithm, it's also the algorithm everyone is trying to game. Hosting is actually surprisingly cheap, but that's because I'm hosting it on consumer hardware in my living room, off my domestic broadband connection. That's both a blessing and a curse. It works okay as long as I don't touch it, but I can't do maintenance without shutting it down. I can't implement crawler changes without a week of shitty results as it needs to visit half the Internet before it gets decently good. I can only afford a production machine, so all testing that can't be done with unit tests gets done there. Anyway I added a patreon in case anyone wants to toss a coin. If you want mormons in positive light, you should search for "latter-day saints", as that's how they typically brand themselves. jw.org is on the indexing list, just pretty far down, based on the fact that previous times it's been visited it's had ton of javascript. I don't have an axe to grind with fringe religious movements, I actually love them to bits. Try searching for Nag Hammadi or Hermes Trismegistos. Just my (swedish) personal website. The first iteration of the search engine was probably mainly seeded by these links: https://www.marginalia.nu/00-l%C3%A4nkar/ But I've since expanded my websites, so now I think these play a decent role in later iterations, although they are virtually all of them pages I've found eating my own dogfood: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/fragments-old-web.gmi https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi It's hard to give numbers, it doesn't seem to be very many, but losing out on a few key sites does make a pretty big impact. You see stuff like this sometimes, makes me a bit sad. https://linux.die.net/robots.txt Specialization mostly a problem in monocultures. If you almost only plant wheat, you are going to end up with one hell of a pest problem. If you almost only have Windows XP, you are going to have one hell of a virus problem. If you almost only have SearchRank-style search engines (or just the one), you are going to have one hell of a content spam problem. Even though they have some pretty dodgy incentives, I don't think google suffers quality problems because they are evil, I think ultimately they suffer because they're so dominant. Whatever they do, the spammers adapt almost instantly. A diverse ecosystem on the other hand limits the viability of specialization by its very nature. If one actor is attacked, it shrinks and that reduces the opportunity for attacking it. It's been added a few moments ago :-) Thanks everyone who suggested this. Honestly it's probably not a great source for medical advice. At least take what you read with a healthy grain of salt. I just got it working reasonably well just this week. I've had it "working" for a few months, but the results were always extremely chaotic, bordering on random. Yeah my main site is a bit of a disorderly mess. It started as a Swedish blog, but I've since added a few services aimed at a global audience. Haven't quite figured out how to unify it all just yet. The index is tiny, not even a terabyte. Right now it's a few hundred gigabytes for ~20 million URLs. But it's stored in an extremely dense binary format. Honestly you may just want to roll your own solution for storing a ton of files. If you don't need a general-purpose filesystem, but an append-only archive with extra metadata, then you can cut a lot of corners. Like if you have a file system that is fixed-size and append-only, you can build it in a way no off-the-shelf stuff can. This line of thinking is a large part of why my index is so small and fast. I have a lot of special built data-structures that are built for their exact use case. Like a fixed size append-only hash map that uses mapped memory and can in theory be larger than the system memory. Very good for a search engine, absolutely useless almost everywhere else. I added a patron, and huh, a few people are actually donating. I don't really know what to say. Thanks! Hmm, not sure what caused it to end up there, but I removed it from the blacklist. It still doesn't seem to want to index the domain however, probably CDN-related. I added it now, but it turns out it's behind a CDN so I still can't crawl it. > We have designed Google to be scalable in the near term to a goal of 100 million web pages Funny, that's about where I see my search engine capping out as well. Yeah, that's a large part of what I'm trying to accomplish. Great to see others understand as well. Huh. I've gone through the logs, and at most I got about 2 search queries per second as a sustained load over several hours. It's calmed down to about 0.5-1 QPS now. This is ignoring other page loads. Not bad, if I do say so myself. Do I wonder how much cookies play into it. Sure I have small page loads and reasonably optimized code, but I also don't use any cookies. I'd imagine having to keep track of upwards of a million session objects would be a struggle for almost any web server. Yeah it's probably not the most complete dictionary. I'm using Wiktionary-data. There might be the occasional gaps and vandalism. I'm curious what you searched for. https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=harry+potter+fanfi... This seems to return a pretty decent number of sites relating to that (as well as some sites not relating to that). The search engine isn't always great at knowing what a page is about, unfortunately. This seemed to return mostly relevant results https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=%22harry+potter%22... I've mostly added these converters and frills because I'm trying to eat my own dogfood, and google is deeply engrained as my go-to source for unit conversions and back-of-envelope calculations. Don't worry, this stuff is easy, and doesn't even remotely take away from the work on the harder problems. It's custom java code, for the most part. I'm using mariadb for some ancillary information, but the index and the crawler and everything is written from scratch. It's hosted on my consumer-equipment server (Ryzen 3900x, 128Gb ram, Optane 900p+a few IronWolf drives), bare bones on Debian. I've added a patreon, and a few people have hopped onboard. I'm honestly a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. It's built from scratch. I'm doing the crawling and indexing. Look through my comments and you'll find a few outlines of the stack and the index design. Here are my blog entries relating to this: https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi Yeah I think you typically have the most interesting results searching for older topics. I've posted a few comments outlining the tech, check my profile. It's also outlined some details in my blog if you dig around a bit, there's no real comprehensive overview, just bits and pieces though. https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi It shouldn't give you more than three per domain on paper, but I've got issues with deduplication so sometimes you get six :-( Still a lot of work needs to be done. The benchmark clearly must depend on the purpose of the search engine, though. If the purpose is to find a thing you know is out there, but haven't been arsed to bookmark, then my search engine is hot garbage. If the purpose is to provide links you will find interesting when you click on them, my search engine really actually has its moments. I guess it's almost closer to old reddit, before it was overtaken by astroturfing and bots. I think the small web and gemini protocol might be up your alley too, if you feel this way about the Internet. I'm still a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. I wasn't even planning to launch this, not like this, there's so much that needs to be fixed to get it working good, so much jank and so many weird limitatons. It's quietly been online for a few months. But it's not really worked all that well except in rare cases. Then I fixed a few issues and implemented some improvements, and it was really just last weekend that I was struck by the sense that it actually was coming together into something really viable, and then... this happened. I've gotten so many positive comments about this project, a large number of emails and I haven't had the time to get back to half the people who wrote, even people donating money to support it. I half thought I becoming the next TempleOS-guy, hacking away at some madcap scheme all by myself. I just had no idea this resonated with so many people. It's incredibly encouraging and motivating. Thanks everyone! That's very good to know. Thanks! > What crawler are you using and what kind of crawling speeds are you achieving? Custom crawler, and I seem to get around 100 documents per second at best, maybe closer to 50 on average. Depends a bit on how many crawl-worthy websites it finds, and there is definitely diminishing returns as it goes deeper. >How do you rank the results (is it based on content only) or you have external factors too? I rank based on a pretty large number of factors, incoming links weighted by the "textiness" of the source domain, and similarity to the query. > What is your personal preferred search option of the 7 and why? I honestly use Google for a lot. My search engine isn't meant as a replacement, but a complement. > Thanks for making something unique and sorry that despite all the hype this got, you got only $39/month on Patreon. It is telling in a way. Are you kidding? I think the Patreon is a resounding success! I'm still a bit stunned. I've gotten more support and praise, not just in terms of money but also emails and comments here than I could have ever dreamed possible. And this is just the start, too. I only recently got the search engine working this well. I have no doubt it can get much better. The fact that I have 11 people with me on that journey, even if they "just" pay my power bill, that's amazing. I'm honestly a bit at a loss for words. I'm thinking I may open source some of the components I use, rather than publishing the whole thing, as it's part of a larger monorepo that contains the somewhat integrated code for a large set of services, public and private. None of the code is particularly fancy, just highly specialized. I did build them myself mostly because I couldn't find anything available that the rather special demands that are put on the application. I'll get back to your email in a while, I've got a ton of messages I'm working through. But yeah, in short pseudocode: for url in range-for-"hello": if binary-search (range-for-"world", url): yield url I do use streams, but that is the bare essence of it. I think in part it may just be because I'm not trying to found a start-up, and I'm not trying to get rich quick. If I were, I would have dealt with this very differently. My integrity and the integrity of this project is far more important than my bank balance. Not everyone feels that way, and I can respect that, but I do. Ultimately I think running something like this for profit would create really unhealthy incentives to make my search engine worse. Any value it brings, right now, it brings because it isn't trying to cater to every taste and every use case. I also hate the constant "don't forget to slap the like and subscribe buttons"-shout outs of modern social media, even though I'm aware they it is extremely efficient. If I went down that route, I would become part of the problem I'm trying to help cure. I do feel the sirens' call though, it's intoxicating getting this sort of praise and attention. I want this to be a long-term project, not a some overnight cinderella story. In the end, my search engine is never going to replace google. It isn't trying to, it's trying to complement it. It's barely able now, but hopefully I can make it much better in the months and years to come. It's not indexed particularly deeply. Blogs typically have a decent amount of javascripts. I think it simply takes time to build trust. The threshold to sending someone money is high. I probably wouldn't send someone money based on a proof of concept and lofty ambitions alone. I'd absolutely consider sending someone money if they kept bringing something of value into my life. If I want more people to join the patreon, I'll just have to earn their trust and support. ;-) About 21 million, and I'm crawling myself. Classification is really hard. I'm struggling with it myself, as a lot of like privacy policies and change logs turns out to share the shape of a page of text. I'm thinking of experimenting with ML classifiers, as I do have reasonably good ways of extracting custom datasets. Finding change logs and privacy policies is easy, excluding them is hard. Yeah, that's just not a type of query my search engine is particularly good at. It's pretty dumb, and just tries to match as much of the webpage against the query as it can. This used to be how all search engines worked, but I guess people have been taught by google that they should ask questions now, instead of search for terms. I wonder how I can guide people to make more suitable queries. Maybe I should just make it look less like google. I'm not a muslim, but I do build a lot of tools for myself (and to a lesser degree for the public), and open APIs like these are incredibly convenient. Saves me from having to do a lot of data processing. I collect links to small and notable websites here. It's like 90% blogs: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi I think we've gotten curiously bad at linking to other websites in the last 20 years. It's really bad for discoverability. I don't know why it is, it's like everyone goes "oh, i've got a precious visitor at last, better not link anywhere so they'll stick around forever!" I think if my website contains interesting links, it makes people more likely to come back later, because they associate it with good feelings of discovery, and not bad feelings of being trapped. I do think there's a middle road. I do indeed think it's incredibly toxic to write for the reactions, but at the same time, it's extremely lonely to find your only readers are the bots that probe for compromised wordpress installs. It's great to have a community of sorts. I've found that in gemini space, there's a small number of active bloggers that run in the same circles and occasionally make replies on each posts they feel interesting (because almost virtually all pages are static, almost no comment fields). It's not so much about the attention as it is about the sense of community and belonging. I have really mixed feelings about deprecating HTTP for HTTPS. There are a lot of websites that are never going to migrate, websites with quality content. There's also a lot of clients that are never going to support HTTPS. There's nothing wrong with them otherwise, the hardware is still good, but they can't be used anymore and it's not the owners choice to decide, but a few big tech companies pushing this change. Even if we do care about these nefarious men in the middle, the elephant in the room is that a large part of the encrypted traffic these days go through major CDNs, and for them to actually pages and and route requests and be anything more than a glorified NAT, they need to inspect what's being sent, and keep track of who is sending it. Even if they totally pinky swear they aren't doing anything nefarious with their position of being able to inspect and analyze a huge portion of the Internet's traffic, and even if we believe them, that can change. Remember SourceForge? Remember when they were the heroes of open source, the go-to host for source code and binaries? Remember when they were bought up and subsequently were caught with their fingers in the cookie jar bundling malware in said open source packages? All I'm saying is that there sure is a lot of eggs in that basket. Is a lot easier to lean on one or two CDN operators than it is to lean on every ISP in the country. Probably just hasn't been discovered then. The Internet is big. I wish more small websites would be better at linking to other small websites :-( It's a matter of scale. You can perform opportunistic small scale mitm attacks on wifi. Maybe that is a concern for interactive websites. But servers that only host static content, why do they need encryption? And how would you find out if a cdn was misbehaving, especially in the context of gag orders? And even if we did find out, it's out in the open that Facebook and Google is doing all this really invasive tracking, yet nobody seems to be leaving them in any hurry. HTTPS as a standard has pretty wide support, but the versions of TLS that is increasingly mandatory has much more limited support in older software. There is also a growing problem with stale root certs that are not always possible to update. > - It normalizes a situation where network traffic is treated as a black box. It's a good thing if my ISP or the cafe I'm working in can't inspect my packets - it's highly problematic if my company's admin has no idea what is going on inside the network or if I can't even inspect traffic from my own devices. I'm seriously wondering who is protecting against what here. This seems less for protecting users against snoopers and more for protecting tech companies against their own users - which is really the opposite of privacy. Yeah, this is... troublesome, especially how fond software developers seem to be of telemetry these days. For software you haven't compiled yourself, that's completely opaque data leaving your network. Especially in the light of how incredibly difficult it is to disable that telemetry collection in Firefox, it's not a great look for mozilla. I don't know if this is the authoritative guide du jour, but the steps usually go something like this: https://gist.github.com/gamunu/7fbee4e2318fdc080395a7f74cc34... I'm not sure this trust we're effectively being coerced to put in software and platforms is great from a privacy standpoint. But as you said, there has not been a lot of talk about this. I just keep thinking if the something like the BonziBuddy scandal had been pulled off today, how would anyone ever find out? Well, actually, we have Siri, Alexa, Cortana and Google Assistant now, and the pitch is eerily familiar in many ways. No, I actually count the n-grams as distinct words (up to 4-grams). The main limiter is for that is space, so I only extract "canned" n-grams from some tags. I would first search for the bigram hello_world, that's an O(1) array lookup; as then documents merely containing the words hello and world (usually not a good search result), that's the algorithm I'm describing in the parent comment. To what aspect of reddit? What value is it bringing you? I've gradually reduced my consumption to a single subreddit, and even that I only check sporadically. And the less I've used it, the worse its value proposition seems. It reminds me a lot of when I quit smoking. > We're sorry but doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. I think HTTPS has been oversold. We've had a very myopic focus on men in the middle, which, for sure are a problem, but they aren't the only problem, the first problem, or the last problem in digital security. HTTPS helps against some attack vectors, but makes you incredibly vulnerable to others. It essentially forces you to blindly trust your software, since you can no longer inspect what is entering and leaving your network. Especially as it's becoming ever more common that our software dials home with opaque "telemetry" that for all we know could contain anything. HTTPS protects you against the neighbor's 17 year old son with his pringles cantenna and laptop full of scripts, but makes you much more vulnerable from large scale attacks, which become much more viable for those who have the capital to back them. It's pretty dang weird that EFF has been leading this charge, especially in the wake of Snowden. We are absolutely more vulnerable to sophisticated attackers. A government could simply order say a browser manufacturer to gather data, slap a gag order on the company and threaten them with sanctions if they speak and nobody would be the wiser. Or plant an engineer that does it. Anything can be a target of this type of attack. OS kernel, graphics drivers, a beloved purple desktop gorilla, a docker image, a popular library. The entire supply chain is exposed. Why are you connecting to that server, we ask. It's just telemetry. Or a crash report with a core dump. Or checking for updates. This only works if we are forced to blindly trust the traffic leaving our computers. And we are, helplessly so. The second absolutely helps. If the norm is to only encrypt secret data, encrypted data spontaneously leaving your computer is a major red flag. The problem is that this requires reversing entropy. Turning CO2 into something that can burn into CO2 requires more energy than you get back while burning it, even in an optimal engine. This is true if humans reverse entropy or if trees do it. You can only decrypt connections if you have the key. If the browser sends details over plain HTTP, it is very easy to inspect. You know, by putting yourself as a man in the middle. If , in that scenario, the browser spontaneously starts sending encrypted data, you should have many questions. Serendipity is sadly an endangered experience with today's popularity algorithms. If every suggestion you see is based on what you and people with similar behavior as you are most likely to click, then what you get is a rut. The things you discover may be things you haven't seen before, but they can hardly be called new. The beautiful thing about flipping through a magazine, or browsing a library, is that everyone gets the same options regardless of who they are. It allows me, someone who isn't into a particular thing, to discover that thing. To accidentally read something I wouldn't have thought I agreed with, and discover that they actually made a decent point. I think these types of popularity algorithms are deeply problematic. VPS and VPN providers should be very mindful of their reputation in this regard. If they get a reputation as a "black hole" where complaints vanish and nothing ever happens, the effect may be that other customers start to find themselves blocked or throttled on a subnet level. Incoming connections? Why not. I have at times, it's pretty great. What is the Streisand effect? While it's an obstacle, I don't think this is as big of an issue as they make it out to be, and I say this as someone who runs a DIY crawler and a janky homebrew search engine. You can get listed as a good bot with cloudflare &c if you ask nicely enough. Even if you aren't, their IP ranges are public so you can crawl them really slowly if you absolutely must have their stuff. In the end, you are never going to get completeness, that's a bad mark to aim for, and not even Google does that. That goal requires you have a model of the Internet that's as old as Vannevar Bush. The Internet isn't a bunch of static files on a souped up FTP server anymore, most pages are generated request-time, increasingly client-side. There are websites that don't just have infinite documents, they have infinite wildcard subdomains as well. There are websites that give you different results depending on what time of day it is, or where you are from. The hard problem of search engines is to find a good subset of the internet for some definition of good; and the first step toward doing that (in a timely fashion) is to rein in the crawling. Search engines are always always going to present a selection of web sites, and there are always going to be pages you can't find because they didn't make the cut; either because they were excluded, or because they excluded themselves. I'm aware that CGI has been around for a long time, but it was bog slow since it forked new processes to deal with every call, it wasn't really feasible to build the sort of dynamic websites we do today until stuff like PHP entered the market. The relative proportion of static files versus dynamic web content have probably reversed. > This really is a case of the tech industry trying to redefine "search" in a way that gives them editorial power. This isn't a new development at all. The signal to noise ratio problem goes back to the late '90s, and ruthlessly removing noise was arguably one of the moves that allowed Google to break through. Unfortunately they seem to have forgotten why they became a success. From http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html > [...] In 1994, some people believed that a complete search index would make it possible to find anything easily. [...] However, the Web of 1997 is quite different. Anyone who has used a search engine recently, can readily testify that the completeness of the index is not the only factor in the quality of search results. -- It's difficult to conceptualize these numbers, but we can use English Wikipedia as a measuring stick. It has of the order ten million pages, and covers most topics you would ever want to read about. Maybe there are some niche things here and there that are missing, but overall, it's a relatively complete coverage of human ideas and interests. How many English Wikipedia Units do you need, for your search engine to feel complete, assuming 100% signal and 0% noise? Do you need one? Ten? A hundred? A "big search engine" crawl is over a hundred thousand English Wikipedia Units. How much of that is interesting? How much has been written by humans, has ever been looked at by humans? > Otherwise, any source I provide will be met with "yeah, sure, scientist Y wrote so in journal X, but journal X has been wrong before, so your source is wrong." I think it's easy to gloss over the fact that science exists within a context, and if you aren't a participating part of a scientific field, you probably won't have full access to that context. This is a leading factor behind how in many debates, both sides are waving around scientific articles. This has been especially visible in the last few years with the pandemic and the debate around stuff like restrictions and masks and what have you. It takes years to produce quality science, and here we were months into a pandemic and people kept batting each other over the head with preliminary scientific findings as though Moses himself walked down with them from mount Sinai. The truth was we didn't have all the facts, the scientists for the most part were pretty clear about this, but none of that seemed to matter to the armchair epidemiologists engaged in fierce internet-debate. If p=0.05 is sufficient confidence to publish, one in twenty published findings will be wrong. In one study, that isn't bad, but in tens of thousands, that's a lot of dodgy results. In practice, it's probably far worse than that because of publication bias: Scientists tend to want to break new ground and publish extraordinary findings and maybe won't publish boring stuff that just reconfirms that energy is still conserved or whatever. Many just google up some abstracts off arxiv that seem to support their claims and toss them out like pokemon. That's honestly only marginally better than basing your arguments on proverbs, events from the Iliad, and or bible verses. Science just doesn't work like that. Individual articles are not infallible doctrine. Taken as a whole and in context they do form a pretty compelling argument, but individual articles on their own, even published in major journals, are absolutely fallible. Let's not pretend that the practice of throwing a bunch of models at a dataset in search of statistical significance isn't a thing. P-hacking is a pretty big problem in some fields. That's one of those context-things I mentioned. It's easy to go from a field where you can control variables very well, like physics, and look at a field where the variables are all over the map, e.g. psychology or nutrition; and expect the contexts to be similar because science is science. But it's not. The latter fields have really big problems actually replicating published results, many times the findings just never materialize outside of the initial study. It's not all from overt bad science like p-hacking, effects like publication bias also appears to play a big role. It probably mattered a lot more 10-15 years ago. A modern CPUs toward the higher end of consumer grade equipment is so powerful it's ridiculous. Well, you can just put your phone in a drawer and go do something else. Zuck's gotta talk to the product owner who schedules it as a priority item in the backlog for the next sprint; the architects and the UX people will draw up some sketches but this is all the way from the top so there's no time to waste, so the developers start at the same time. Schedule four daily status meetings to make sure everything progresses as fast as possible! Of course the developers don't have the requirements yet so they need redo everything the next sprint. Then a sprint for QA and that's about 1200 man-hours of work in a large organisation. It might just be shifting degrees of intellectual challenge. St Augustine came to shine as part as a response to the threat of competing movements such as pelagianism and arianism. (As a side-note, reading the Confessions I came off thinking St Augustine felt really anti-intellectual; especially in contrast to someone like Boethius) Then the church went largely intellectually unchallenged for a thousand years, and that's never great for bringing out the best and the brightest. A lot of what made for example the philosophers of antiquity so sharp was the fierce competition between rival schools. Later when the church came under real pressure from the reformation, you had counter-reformation groups like the Jesuits form as a response which was a huge step up intellectually. I also think we sort of tend to unfairly view the church through the writings of its critics; both reformists and later the enlightenment had a lot to say that we just seem to take as true without consideration of the source. A lot of stuff, even bad stuff like the inquisition, wasn't as bad as we tend to think. Against the background of what legal systems in general looked in the period, the inquisition was almost gentle. I think our views of the inquisition largely are in agreement. I'm not trying to whitewash the inquisition. Things did go overboard, especially in Spain, and I'm not denying that. The public conception of the inquisition is only of the horrors. That just isn't correct; and it's especially not something that the pope intended to happen. > Dear Sweden > I just heard. What the fuck? I really liked Descartes! I sent him over so we could share, and you go killing him?! Fuck. This is why we can't have nice things. > Toodles, Marie. This seems a bit like a solution in search of a use case. There are simpler solutions for this particular usecase. Let's take an extreme case: You have 250 million paying customers you want to cache access to. Yeah, that's way more than you probably have, but the point is that you can keep 250 million integers in memory no problem what so ever. It fits in a gigabyte. There are raspberry pis with eight times that amount of RAM. You can just put the ids in a sorted array and you can check for existence with a binary search without having to deal with false positives. Adding a bunch more is as easy as a merge of sorted lists, and removing items is a great deal easier than doing the same in a floom filter. You're looking at log_2(250 million) = 27 iterations. Cache-wise it's not great but it's faster than a database access by a mile and you don't have to worry about hash functions. Maybe if you have several billion customers it starts to become a bit much to keep in memory, but that is a weird corner case indeed. I think fundamentally bloom filters are mainly useful for astronomical data sizes. If you have a petabyte of data partitioned between several datacenters, and you want to know which shards have entries with certain properties, bloom filers are amazing. A bloom filter that is just a few dozen megabytes can save you an enormous amount of computation in such a scenario. To cache network requests it really isn't that great. A basic LRU cache typically performs just as good, and is a lot easier to get right. I'm curious if you have a concrete example of a case where lookups aren't cheap and a bloom filter can solve the problem. In general, bloom filters are mainly useful for the sort of data where lookups are cheap, that is, testing for membership of a set, and that is typically one of the operations a database does really well. In most cases where you just want to save a network roundtrip, a LRU cache is often a lot easier to get right and is much easier to keep consistent against mutable data. Then we're indeed back in the territory of useful use cases, typically characterized by data that is far bigger than the system memory. Couldn't you just send deltas if that is the case? Surely the hourly updates wouldn't be hundreds of megabytes? I just tested extracting 5 million URLs from my web crawler and it was like 150 Mb in plain text. That's ignoring how easy it is to create compression schemes for URLs that slash their memory footprint by something like 80%. > As engineers, it's our job to weigh the tradeoffs between different solutions given the resources and constraints of the situation. For the situation I've outlined above, I'd at least strongly consider a bloom filter but it's certainly not the only way to do it. We should also not gloss over that with a bloom filter can't rule out false positives, and it's really not feasible to figure out which they are. Due to the nature of hashing, you won't be able to easily come up with a list of false positives. Finding just one hash collision in a wide hash is computationally stupidly hard. > As with anything, there are tradeoffs and your requirements can change over time. Maybe the ad networks or malware creators start using new domains every 10 minutes to counter your blocking system so now you have to store more data and disseminate it more frequently. Domains cost quite a lot of money so that is still pretty unrealistic. Sure you can have CN wildcards, but you can also do wildcard matching. Actually this whole scenario is unrealistic, since you can just serve ads off a random URL. The way you would create a decent ad filter is to look for characteristics in the script itself (a bit like an antivirus program), not base it off the URL. Unrelated anecdote, I once worked in an office where the light switches were powered by the cloud. If you pressed the on and off button at the same time, there would be some sort of a race condition and you'd get blinking disco lighting as two threads presumably went while (!bright) { increaseBrightnessBy10%(); sleep(100ms); } and while (!dark) { decreaseBrightnessBy10%(); sleep(100ms); } Then someone had to log into a server and reboot a process before the blinking stopped. Why is this a requirement? The instantly part. Any office that uses physical keys will fail to meet this requirement, and we've had that system for quite a long time and it seems to have worked alright. Is curiosity a desire to gain knowledge? Is it a desire to see if you are right or wrong? Is it a drive to test existing hypotheses? Aren't these the same thing, or at least very closely related? If you learn whether you are right or wrong, you gain knowledge (or purge ignorance) and vice versa; and testing hypotheses is how you find out if you are right or wrong. I think the defining trait of curious people is that they understand that they are ignorant. Socrates is a great example of a curious person, he even taught by asking questions rather than providing answers, and a large part of what he seems to have wanted to teach is his method of asking questions. I certainly found myself employing that method of engaging with the world after reading Plato, and it just eroded away a lot of assumptions I had never thought to challenge. Which just raised more questions. It's humbling discovering that things you thought you knew as truth were just notions that sound true. Like why do we value freedom in society? Beyond "it seems true to lots of people" I genuinely don't know, and it's kind of terrifying that I can't seem to find a good answer for that. Now some of you are already typing an answer to why we value freedom, do yourself a favor and repeat the question "Ok, why is that?" a couple of times and don't take "it's obvious!" for an answer and you will see what I mean. It creates a desire to engage with the world as it is, rather than our notions of what it is. Overall curiosity is something I associate with people who are skeptics, like Michel de Montaigne or David Hume. It requires a rare sense of detachment to go "huh, I wonder why he thinks like that when things appear quite different through my eyes?" when you hear someone say something you disagree with. If you play a game and you lose, you can either get involved in the loss and be upset that your strategy didn't work even though it should have, or you can go "huh, I thought that would work, I wonder why not?" I think curiosity hinges on not identifying yourself so much with your preconceived notions of the world. If we pride ourselves on how much we know, then facts that disagree with what we know threaten to unravel our self-esteem, so we push them away and refuse to consider such possibilities. I don't know how you would meaningfully rank physicists without resorting to subjective value judgements. The notion of importance exists only in relationship to our ability to accomplish our goals, and goals are subjective. I'll argue it's still the same thing just with different subjects. The first is seeking knowledge about rust, and the other is seeking knowledge about an assumption. The world is finally catching up with the capabilities of TempleOS. The most impressive part is that it doesn't do this at the expense of compatibility. The page is reasonably navigable in a text-based browser like w3m. It's perhaps not the easiest to navigate that way, but that's a complaint that could be levied in browsers with javascript and renderings as well. I kinda want to see a standard deviation on those measurements. That seems to be the case with a lot of modern rendering. I imagine it's why what's considered "acceptable framerates" in games keeps rising. 50 FPS on a (PAL) NES game is incredibly snappy and allows frame perfect inputs, whereas in a modern shooter it's almost unplayably sluggish. The pipeline rendering architecture is probably also in part to blame. It doesn't degrade particularly gracefully. Modern GPUs have staggered rendering where one frame is rendered while the previous frame is postprocessed (that's a bit simplified, it's more like a waterfall with a bunch of different steps). That sort of a conveyor belt-like operation always induces latency, and a struggling GPU increases the time it takes the frame to hit the screen. We blame the frame rate, but in reality that's just another symptom of what's causing the perception of sluggishness, rather than the cause itself. That actually isn't particularly helpful. Picture the rendering process like a conveyor belt factory. This is a bit of a simplified model, GPUs are incredibly complex and things aren't quite this straightforward, but it's good enough way of reasoning about how they operate by imagining something like Factorio. First you load up a scene, and then it goes into one machine that does the first part of the rendering, then the next machine does the next part, and so on and so forth, until it arrives at the other end and is drawn on the screen. It's easy to see you can start working on the next frame while the first frame is in the second machine and that's probably in general a good idea. Reducing how many items are on the belt doesn't reduce the time it takes to go from start to finish (i.e. the latency), it still has to go through the same steps. Loading up more items on the belt at the same (probably) improves the stability of the framerate, but again it does nothing for latency. If you load up too much on the belt may cause problems, but such a condition is easy enough to determine and avoid programmatically. The frames still take the same time to go from start to finish. Bottom line is that the time between frames and the time to render a frame are disconnected, if they seem connected it's because getting a better GPU increases them both. But you could (hypothetically) render at 120 Hz refresh rate with a 30 second rendering latency. I think we are talking about different things. I'm talking about what the GPU is doing to render a scene once the CPU has handed it off to the GPU, not what the engine is doing to produce the scene. This pipeline: https://www.khronos.org/opengl/wiki/Rendering_Pipeline_Overv... It's pretty manageable, like 15k queries per hour on and off since yesterday. It's been easy to flag and block. Not really sure what they are trying to do, the queries just look like a bunch of random keywords, almost like they are looking for blogspam. But it's too overspecified so they're not getting any meaningful results. I have a hunch they are trying to estimate the ranking of like hacked WordPress installs, because their search terms look a lot like the sort of keyword stuffing you find on those. Indeed. Why would the gold vanish? Isn't the property it's most famous for that it's extremely resistant to corrosion and general unreactiveness? Hm, yeah, then it makes sense that there wouldn't be any traces. Makes sense. My hobby project, a search engine, blew up (on its own) in social media a few weeks too early, at a time it was appealing but not really useful, leaving a lot of people trying it out but not many using it. However I do honestly believe more in slow organic growth than expkosive overnight success. I don't manufacture shoes, does this mean my decision endangers the continued existence of footware? Why not just lower the crawl rate? My search engine crawler visits tens of million documents in a week at a rate of 1 doc/second, but a few hundred different domains at the same time. Going as low as 0.2 dps could easily be doable I think. I earn less money, but I work 32 hours a week, have 6 weeks paid vacation, and a 5 minute commute. It's also really hard to "translate" money via exchange rates. Cost of living matters a lot. If food and housing is cheap, then the money goes a lot longer. That's also the sort of goods that the arbitrage pressure of international trade struggles to even out. Maybe if WFH becomes a big international thing, but I don't think we're quite there yet. The grass does seem tend to appear greener in the other paradigm. Barely typed languages like C made rigorously typed languages like C++ and Java seem appealing. The boilerplatiness of those languages made duck typing seem appealing. Writing anything nontrivial with duck typing made more elaborate type systems seem appealing. Needing a PhD in category theory to produce a side effect will no doubt make some other paradigm seem appealing in the future. > Eh, I consider Java to be barely typed too. If you have a variable of type Foo, the type system doesn't even guarantee that you have a Foo in there (it might be null). The whole point of a type system, in my mind, is to guarantee that I have that Foo! That seems a rather arbitrary limitation. When Java says Foo, it would translate to what you would consider Maybe . How you represent types, and what that representation implies is a matter of semantics. That said, Java's type system is pretty dang weird, especially generics. > This oft-repeated exaggeration needs to stop. Using monads does not require a PhD in category theory. If you can understand Promises in JavaScript, then you can grasp how IO works in Haskell. The concepts themselves aren't particularly hard to grok, but the more academic side of functional programming (i.e. Haskell) is comically inaccessible, mostly due to jargon (monads aren't even that bad compared to something like kleisli arrows). The wisdom of monorepos is highly contingent on what sort of operation you're running. I've worked in organizations where some higher up read some tech blog that praised them as the salvation of programmer kind and pushed them through, but it turned out to be a really bad fit for the stuff we were doing. If you have something you might characterize as one large suite of applications, they do bring benefits. If you have many independent products, as is common in the B2B-space, especially with several versions in production at different customers that have different customization demands, it can be an absolute nightmare. Team A and D urgently required feature X as some regulation went through in their market and their customers had gambled it wouldn't, now Team B, E and G can't produce anything meaningful for six weeks because they need to build a downstream workarounds to circumvent feature X because their customers aren't allowed to have it because it violates GDPR. I think reading books is a good way of practicing concentration. The moment you stop paying attention to the text, the reading falls apart completely. It gives a very direct feedback when your mind has wandered. You can get away with skimming texts on the Internet, indeed you kind of have to with all the ads, inline links, and other visual cruft clamoring for your attention, but that usually does not work particularly well with books, especially if it's a more demanding read. Reading can be shockingly hard if you haven't done it in a while, but it rapidly gets a lot easier. Windows 10 has steadily gotten worse. I booted into Windows for the first time in a while a few days ago. I was reminded that last time I logged out I was forced to install an upgrade. I was met with a screen forcing me to connect my user account with my Microsoft account. No way out of the process. I didn't know the password to my Microsoft account since I never use it for anything. I couldn't reset the password because my computer was locked and demanding a Microsoft account. I don't have any email access on my phone because it's so hard to secure. Had to shut down the computer and boot into Debian to reset my Microsoft password. Then I booted back into Windows, signed in, went into the control panel and signed out again. What the actual fuck. Who thought this process was a good idea? Skepticism is the driving engine behind science. It works well so long as people keep asking questions until they get satisfactory answers. Science is anti-fragile. The harder you attack it, the sturdier it becomes. So this is fine. The only time it really stops working is if people start treating it as doctrine, and demanding that you accept it on faith, and take any questions as evidence that you are an enemy of science. If anything destroys science, it is this line of reasoning. Skepticism does not require a degree or a license from the government. The only intellectually honest thing is to admit to yourself that you do not know until you are convinced otherwise. Whether other people say they are convinced is honestly quite irrelevant. They reason they are thriving is this doctrinal view of science where anything that gets published is holy gospel. It opens up for these fringe movements is to present themselves as scientific, since they too have papers they can point to, and arguments that mirror the form of the scientific establishment. The way to beat them is to be very clear about the limitations of science, and stop trying to misrepresent it as having a larger degree of certainty than it has. Science is demonstrably wrong sometimes, especially early research like the stuff that was circulating in the beginning of the C19-pandemic, and to make matters worse, a large part of science is dedicated to identifying instances where science is wrong. That clashes with the official message is "trust the science" and makes devastating ammunition for undermining its credibility, especially nowadays when it is very easy to go back and check what claims were made in the past against which claims are made today. Why must skeptics be convinced? It is perfectly okay to live in doubt, ask Pyrrho. I also think misconceptions about Occam's razor are to blame. It's a good heuristic for choosing which hypotheses to test first, but a lot of people seem to misuse it as a heuristic for which of two propositions is more likely to be true, which is unfounded and very often leads to incorrect conclusions. It's basically on par with "there's no smoke without fire". People tend to assume that if they cannot prove P and cannot prove ¬P, then ¬P must be assumed to be true. This is of course not correct at all, and most propositions can be rephrased so that Q=¬P and ¬Q=P. If there is no evidence either way, then neither P nor ¬P is supported, and we should remain uncertain. The scientific method cannot be separated from the humans that practice it. It doesn't have some separate existence as a platonic ideal. Ideas like these must be judged based on their actual real world performance, and not on the lofty promises of the ideologues that promote the ideas. Luckily science doesn't require perfectly rational practitioners. It still works even if practiced human beings. Labeling people as part of some group of undesirables seems to be a very popular way of not having to meet legitimate criticism these days. I wish we would be better at calling it out. What's wrong with being wrong? If we are to be honest with ourselves, we must admit that we are wrong about things, each and every one of us. We may be right about some things, but even those are for the most part incomplete truths. Science actually progressed in Europe as well during the supposed dark ages. The whole notion that science just laid dormant between the fall of Rome and the renaissance is enlightenment-era propaganda that unfortunately has become part of the western cultural narrative. Ironically the notion of a Muslim golden age of free thought and science followed by a long dark age of no progress and oppression is also largely imagined. I built a static site generator mostly because I wanted to dick around with some concepts in hypertext, like automatic backlinks and a very explicit filesystem metaphor. I also primarily target the Gemini protocol, so the web presence is a bit of an afterthought and that probably shows as well. I deliberately included every limitation of gemtext into the HTML rendering of the documents, including no inline links and no inline images. It does do some special rendering but very little. It's backed by a git repository with gemtext files that get rendered into HTML. There is also a gmi->gmi conversion for gemini, as I introduced a few non-standard tags to instruct the page generator to add stuff like generating feeds for the blog part and so on. The result is weird and not at all intuitive. I also realized this is basically off-brand Confluence except not as hard to navigate and 1000 times faster. But yeah, the main point is experimentation. Testing ideas and seeing what sticks. Some of it does, but not everything. Like I have no headers for my web sites. My thought was that it's just a part you scroll by, a piece of pointless self-promotion. I wanted to elevate the content above all else. Turns out it's pretty confusing when you do that. Books have a cover for a reason. So developers like developing stuff. Yeah that probably about sums it up. I don't think that's an obstacle to writing. Let's be honest, the average blog lifetime is probably lasts less than a dozen posts. The ones that last are weird outliers, and that's not a problem from choosing the wrong technology. Well do you actually want to write? If you describe writing as a pain, maybe writing just isn't your jam. Seems pretty common that people have a romanticized idea of writing, and like the idea of being a writer much more than they actually enjoy the writing process. We mostly learn by trial and error. So do users need to be shielded from making mistakes? I've had a bunch of bots doing oddly specific nonsense searches in my search engine, stuff like casinos, online pharmacies, warez. The bermuda triangle of dodgy internet sites. They are very strange because they are both generic and specific at the same time. Here is an example: > skyrim english voice files (and subtitles) latest version You get no results with my search engine, but interestingly, if you feed that into google, you get some pretty dodgy top results. It looks like the type of SEO spam nonsense you find on websites, hacked wordpress deployments are often rife with these types of keywords. I think they are trying to manipulate a would-be suggestion algorithm somehow. Problem is I don't do anything with the user input. Could be, but usually bots that post spam include some form of link, not just keywords. The link is the entire point of posting spam. There also seems to be a few distinct bots doing this, with distinct user agents (but bots with the same UA spam-search on the same topic out of epharma, casino, warez). I also have another, identical search box in another part of the site and it has never seen any sort of spam bots. I have a hunch the graphical fidelity of this could drastically be improved with floyd-steinberg dithering. Could definitely be something along those lines. Discovering all this black hat SEO stuff and what they are doing to manipulate search engines has been one of the great joys of this project. Nobody seems to write much about it, maybe because they don't want to give people ideas, but it's an endlessly fascinating subject. A lot of this seems to be a mechanism to sooth anxieties about whether you are on the right track when taking a risk. Feels good to have a nice graph that points upward. In the past you would have seen an oracle or an astrologer to get reassurance. People do it as well, they gather tons of statistics on themselves like how many steps they've walked and how many glasses of water they've had and how many hours they've slept, which for the most part is completely non-actionable information and your body is much better at telling you if you are feeling well rested than your spreadsheet is. You get a pretty graph for sure, but it ultimately doesn't say anything you didn't already know. I guess you could convince yourself this is science, but in science the hypothesis precedes the experiment. If you gather tons of arbitrary data and go digging for correlations, you will find them, but anything interesting you find is most likely going to be spurious relationships and other statistical aberrations. It's data dredging, not science. Looks pretty promising. There seems to be quite a lot of frustration with finding recipes, so I think there is a market for something like this. If you are looking for ways to improve the relevance of the search results, try to prioritize results that contain the exact search terms in the title, then some of the terms in the title, and then in the description, and then in the ingredients. It's pretty tricky to get right, but I don't think you are that far off. I'd also get rid of the email fishing popovers, it's very off-putting. Well you could just have state snapshots taken at regular intervals and then verify that both sides' hashes agree. It's only a couple of thousand entities so it's really not so bad. For you can probably ignore those that haven't deviated from the previous snapshot (and that would account for a state reconstruction taking time). RTS games have a replay mechanisms at least as far back as StarCraft: Brood War, so a journal of player inputs are likely going to be recorded anyway. We're still talking about a few dozen kilobytes of data here. A dozen or so bytes worth of global state per player, up to 200 units per player with a few bytes worth of state (position, order, action, action target, hitpoints), maybe a hundred projectiles, order of 1000 static entities with just hitpoints. Gotta keep in mind that these games were written in languages that did not have modern garbage collection, so almost certainly stored entity information in arrays to avoid heap fragmentation and malloc costs. A few dozen Kb is far beyond what you can push over a modem in real time for sure, but memcpy:ing a couple of kilobytes' worth of arrays was still plenty fast in the late '90s/early 2000s. They weren't running these games on a 6502. Or φ^-1=φ-1 Dunno, I've had use from knowing how to implement hash tables several times just in the last few months. Extremely useful stuff if you are working with memory mapped data that is larger than system memory. I had to keep deleting my Spotify account because my recommendations kept getting contaminated with music genres I didn't like that were impossible to get rid of. Listening to the wrong song two times could irrevocably ruin my recommendations. I would have very much liked a dislike button, or at least a "forget everything you think you know about me"-button. Now it ended up with me getting rid of Spotify, because of this and other frustrations. > in general customer's just do not use dislike buttons. So exposing them isn't a value add and usually a UI clutter that most customer's have no use for and won't use. A feature does not need to be used often to be useful. Take a fire extinguisher for example. Going by this logic, since most people will never even touch a fire extinguisher and most of them are never actually used, we should get rid of them because they're a cause of clutter. They should add an incognito mode or something. You could even do this maliciously. Send someone a Spotify link to a Steely Dan song and a Skrillex song, and now yacht rock and dubstep will follow them around until they delete their account (I'm assuming the intersection between those fan-bases is vanishingly small). Doesn't that just hide your activity from other people? I think perhaps the explanation why modern applications seem as slow as, or in many cases slower than their Windows 3.11 equivalents loading stuff off a floppy disk, may be this general disregard for choosing good data structures. We have a hardware that's thousands, if not a million times faster, yet it hardly seems to matter when the code is a thousand, if not a million times slower. I think the relative "power" of a music genre is in relationship to its popularity compared to the popularity of what you usually listen to. Stands to reason that if you listen to rarer music (i.e. stuff the algorithm has less information about), then stuff that is more common (and the algorithm knows more about) will have a disproportionate effect on your recommendations. This seems to be a problem with this general type of recommendation algorithms in general. YouTube suffers from it as well. The data does not speak at all. You are drawing inferences based on the data, inferences of a type that are pretty easy to poke holes in by looking at the pretty large class of things rarely used but situationaly useful (often life saving). This type of bizarre logic makes me feel like I have to habitually use features even when they are not useful in order to protect them from UX designers in case I'm subject to some misguided A/B test. I think it depends on what you consider work. For a lot of people doing manual labor, learning can absolutely be a leisure activity. It is a refreshing way to relax your tired body while stimulating a restless mind. If you spend your days in an office, then going to the gym and doing deadlifts may feel like a leisure activity. It conversely allows you to relax your tired mind while stimulating a restless body. What constitutes relaxation is dependent on what part of you needs to rest. > Ego depletion as a concept has been challenging to prove, if at all Isn't this just a problem in trying to reduce the phenomenal experience of self into some objective reality, a quest that reduces to something adjacent to the hard problem of consciousness. It he only incentive to do stuff money? Asking because I find myself building a lot of stuff despite not really making money off it. His thesis is basically the cliffnotes version of the later Feynman & Hibbs-book, which is a bit of a standard in that part of physics. I relied heavily on it when I did my thesis (even if it was at best tangentially related). Feyman was very readable for an academic, even on an academic level. Very clear writing style. Well, both. I'm building and running this: https://search.marginalia.nu/ Paid the server out of pocket, built the code all by myself. I do take donations that currently just about cover the running costs, but at this surplus it will take me something like 30 years to get back the hardware investment (assuming no hardware fails in the interim and running costs don't increase). Don't take this as complaining, it's just a statement of facts. I'm incredibly grateful that so many people are supporting it. I've built and operate a search engine. Do all people want power? Seems like Nietzsche would probably agree, but Damocles would voice objections. Seems like what most people want is something more akin to self-determination. It isn't quite power, and it isn't quite freedom, but somewhere in the middle. The nuance is in the contrast between freedom from compulsion and the ability to compel. Most care about the former but power only grants the latter. Do you want to enslave your partner? Compel them to live with you against their will? It is questionable whether these two ever actually met, but the moral of the story is relevant so I'll repeat the tale. Alexander the Great, the embodiment of power, approached notorious hobo philosopher Diogenes the Cynic and asked if there was anything he can do for him. Sunbathing Diogenes asks Alexander if he wouldn't mind stepping to the side a bit, as he is blocking the light. Alexander is able to compel armies and lay countries to ruin, but Diogenes is resistant to all compulsion but is without land, possessions, rank, title, nobility, reputation, and so on. There is nothing you can take away from him he hasn't already given up, no hardship you can impose on him that he does not willingly endure. Even the times he is de facto enslaved, he is still free, because he willingly subjects himself to any punishment. It would be an absurd conclusion that the reason Diogenes is able to make a mockery of this request is because this homeless man is more powerful than Alexander the Great. Yeah but the 【 ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃｓ】 Well let's go back to the statement you made a few comments ago > Money is a proxy for power. Has a better alternative proxy to power been demonstrated to exist? Here the a man with no possessions suddenly has power, and the richest most powerful man in the world struggles to exert power. I think more software engineers should do themselves the favor of dabbling in search engine design. It really is the gift that keeps on giving in terms of interesting problems, you get everything from large scale graph processing, esoteric data structures, down to bit twiddling optimization, language processing, dealing with seriously messy and sometimes adversarial real world data. Everything is challenging, but none of it is impossible, even as a solo project. Wikipedia actually doesn't want to be indexed by third party search engines. Mediawiki is a heap of underoptimized PHP garbage so pages are (expensively) rerendered every time you visit them. If nobody wants to do that, that seems like a real big incentive to find a better solution to the problem. This is of course assuming the profits aren't siphoned off into some offshore tax haven. To be fair, most physicists today will agree that the geocentric and heliocentric world views are equivalent, they are just different frames of reference, both non-inertial. I stopped looking at what the marketers tell me I'm supposed to want in a phone, and went shopping for phones that have what I actually want: Durability and battery life. I've started getting those rugged phones of the sort they market at construction workers. They're brilliant. Water/mud/dust/salt resistant, you can drop them however many times you feel like without cracking the screen, battery life is alomost two days (and that is while using the thing). They're also pretty big and clunky, the camera is unimpressive, and the performance is middling at best, but I honestly don't mind that at all. This is actually doable. There's a tweak to PageRank you can do (that's as old as the original paper[1]) that allows you to bias the ranking toward a certain set of websites. It works really well. While it's probably unfeasible (or at least really expensive) to do completely personalized rankings, that's just too much data, but segmenting off into areas like academia, blogosphere, tech, etc. is quite doable, and as the authors remark, this approach is highly resilient to manipulation from commercial interests. [1] http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/1/1999-66.pdf Why do we need to measure code quality? This seems in conflict with the fact that we, as humans, are subjects -- with no direct access to any sort of objective reality. The measurements these businesses are looking at are (by definition) disjointed from reality as experienced by their customers and employees. Is good enough all we're striving for? Is treading water the pinnacle of human accomplishment? > It is important to ask [...] "how do I measure 'looking something'" when this sort of topic is bought up. Why is that?