Is that a joke? Why would anyone vote to make that a crime? I through that three felonies a day is an exageration, but I'm definitely guilty of switching train cars. I suspect that while American kids might have been dragged into it by schools and teachers whether interested or not, international kids were all interested in it or at least choosen by teachers as good students. Also, I do not know how many languages do they support. However, if it is only english, almost all international participating kids are someone who learned foreign language. Which rules out worst cases. As far as I know, there was huge campaign in usa involving president and "everybody has to code" slogans. As far as I know, there was no such thing elsewhere. Many COD and WOW players are adults. According to some stats I read, an average player of big single player games is more then 30 years old male. So I assume that many of them will play multiplayers too. Plus, I know many adults that play those games. I'm not sure that COD is "ultra-violent". It is violent of course, but not much more then an average action movie. No, but death in most action movies are much more effective. Meaning they "feel" more real and killed people are more real. Plus, they are often framed in real world like story and often as positive action did by good hero. Killed guys in COD are just pictures - they have no personality or story. The action is in context of warfare and no one there is believably "good" and "bad". Only better at shooting. I do not think you can judge violence in such simple way. To use analogy, the movie reservoir dogs has scene with ear cutting where nobody dies. That scene is way more violent and disturbing then dozens of killed enemies by James Bond. I had multiplayer in mind - most call of duty players do not play campaign. But yes, that scene was debated a lot. I think that scene is something that makes Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a game for adults, the same way as ear cutting scene in reservoir dogs makes it something for adults. As far as I know, other call of duty games do not have such scene. I may be wrong on that one through. He made list of some of the biggest very useful projects available for free and called that hall of shame. I especially like "Heaviliy-depened upon but abandoned or barely maintained" point. Should we really shame mainteners for not continuing free support of their open source projects? "Heavily-depended upon" kind of suggests "useful for many people". I do not really care whether they do not have time anymore, lost interest or died. It is still better for me if people abandon projects, then if they never even start them for fear they will not be able to maintain them forever. Sadly, middle management in large companies is full of miserable schmucks like this. They tend to get promoted, have pretty good salaries and rather small work-time. It is sad, because good middle management tend to make huge difference. It is exactly the position where these do the most damage. Or maybe Java has more huge projects then Scala or simply different kind of projects. Springs fits some projects better then other projects - duh - and they have to be big enough to make it really useful. I have no beef with spring, found it useful and not that much complicated in the past. That does not mean I'm going to use it in every new project I'm about to start. Because they want to hear yes. So, they will keep looking for it even if you start with no. Woman that wants to study computer science or like coding will have no trouble to go to study it. However, if a girl is not sure what she wants to do, she will almost certainly NOT pick up computer science, because it is thought about as a boy major. Conversely, if a boy does not know what he wants to do, he is likely to go for CS, because that is the "usual" decision. Not every boy who went to study CS was dreaming in code since elementary school. Most of them learned to code in college. However, CS girls I knew usually picked it up because they really wanted to do it. "They can do the work at night or over the weekend, so they don’t have to leave their current job in the meantime." If I spend night working, I'm tired next day. Not sure if it is shocking. If I spend weekend working, then I just lost most of my free/family time and not surprisingly, I'm tired during next week and produce less in my regular job. So, the hourly rate is better be competitive with salary. Otherwise I would just consider them freeloaders trying to get some cheap labor. I agree with some points in that article. I remember that overly nice teachers aiming primary for fun often taught us very little. It was pleasant, but we have been behind. However, I believe you can have high expectations without being jerk about it. But: 0.) Practice is not the same as rote learning especially in math above third grade. Practice in math means that you have to solve many different exercises and occasionally having to come up with solutions by yourself. Practice in math means that you are occasionally faced with exercises you have not seen before and you have to logic-think your way out of that. Rote learning is quite opposite of that. Drilling essentially the same exercises over and over is opposite of that too. Incidentally, those international tests try to confront students with unfamiliar situations and measure how they perform there. 1.) Why is everybody so obsessed with multiplication tables? It is something 6-7 years old have to learn. I just doubt that whatever happened in the first grade is all that much important years later on when you are 16 years old (age those international tests are done). Even if you had worst first grade teacher in the world that did not taught you how much 2+2 is, teacher in fourth grade was supposed to force you to learn that. How come it did not happened? 2.) Is it possible that while super tough teacher in the beginning could be great for talented committed students, but not really match for average one? Only student with huge commitment and talent would persist and all others would gave up. I was such average kid in music, hated that and stopped playing as soon as I could. It is quite possible that if I would find at least something enjoyable on lessons, I would learn more. Of course, it does not really matter whether I play music today. But, it would matter if I would learn to hate math or computers the same way as I hated music practice. I think that it depends on what exactly are you tough about. You can have teacher that is strict and tough and happen to insist on less important things. Made up example would be math teacher assigning two hours a day of exercises and worksheets on simple equations, while other teachers already moved on and successfully teach "difficult" equations. Made up over the top example would be teacher that checks your notebook every other day whether it is nice, organized and colored. He would assign three hours of work of cutting and pasting and coloring and what not every day and make you rework historical diorama five times. However, that teacher could still miss that you have no idea what happened during historical period he is teaching and do not remember single name or date. I'm pretty sure young techs are able to learn technologies they not have been taught into. Well, yes, but sports can possibly teach that only for those who play e.g. team. So, if the team excludes average students and take only almost professionals in, most students do not get to learn any of those things. So, you have maybe 30 player learning those things while trying to get into paid adult league and the rest of students being fans learning essentially nothing. I doubt those "between 8% and 10% of the school's football and basketball players" who "are reading below a third-grade level" are getting much education. At best, they are getting an empty degree. Are there truly that many useless philosophy/liberal arts majors? According to stats I read, most students actually go for majors that are currently in demand. What happened during depression is that majors in demand changed and the one that looked good when you started is not good anymore. Plus, some law schools exaggerated success of their students. Not all STEM majors and not all computer related majors are in demand btw. GPL software was not created in order to provide free labor and tools to all businesses in the world. If you do not want distribute your software as GPL, scanning every piece of software for GPL is exactly what is expected from you. I'm not saying that I would not contribute it non-GPL software. I do not mind companies closing their products. However, GPL people do mind companies closing their software. So, those companies not using GPL libraries, no matter how useful is perfectly OK result. Many open source projects that accept donations. Look for "donate" page or button. Look at homepages of projects you would be willing to pay to. To be concrete, if you donate to tor, you can choose where the money will go. I do not think it is a book you are supposed to read from start to end. It is more a book you randomly open when you feel bored or tired, read part of random length and then close. Kind of book equivalent of opening facebook/news for 5 minutes and then going back to work. Except that you learn little bit each 5-10 minutes long session. " I will disallow anyone I'm in a conversation with to google facts with their phone. " If we are talking about something, (as opposed to just chatting around) I prefer when people look up facts they are unsure about. Especially if the alternative is guessing out of what they vaguely remember. What is exact benefit of driving web away flash? It would make sense if the alternative would be open, but it is not. First question: How is java code more tied to whatever framework it is using then javascript one? Second question: are you sure javascript code owners will constantly refactor their old finished but functional projects to new tool chain instead letting it live while starting new projects? I like to open multiple youtube tabs at the same time and then watch videos one by one. Most of them are in flash and I have flash block, so they do not play until I actually click on them. Some youtube videos are not blocked by flashblock and it is highly annoying when two videos play at the same time. Some new site use autoplay videos too, and again, I like to open multiple tabs and then close them at the same time. Of course I can figure out which tab is causing it, but it is annoying having to do it. With this feature, I can just kill it. Systems like this are too easy to abuse. You dodged one hell of a bullet. Either they were entirely incompetent or about to exploit you. Wanna bet which one? Isnt working 80 hours a week ineffective due to you being tired soon and burned out after few years? Assuming that really work those 80 hours instead of chatting, browsing or mindlessly staring into screen. I read some studies about that. Maybe I believe them cause I am European. Or maybe cause I did worked a lot in the past and my experience confirmed studies. My experience was different. Failing the business is a social tragedy only if you took too much debt. If you simply find a job afterwards, then it is ok. At least among my friends. I love my work. I do not believe it is a good reason to pay me less and pocket the difference. The chances are that I will love work in other company too. The developers there essentially take 30-40% pay cut in order to work 25% less hours? I would find to cleaner to sign contract for 6 hours a day instead of 8 hours a day one and then slack away the difference. Is it possible that manager there is trying to change local culture? Second thing that bothers me is the "any expectations of us, beyond that we produce quality software according to schedule" part. So, he works in a company that makes over-estimates work. That is unusual and something to be thankful for, but I do not find it "fair" to abuse the situation. If we buy that argument, then manager is in perfect position to pack schedule much more in order to keep them there as long as he wants. My opinion is that management that leaves some room for unexpected problems in schedule someone to be treasured and not taken advantage of. My advice would be: starting dead march anytime sooner then last week and half is irrational. I do not believe authors estimate of three weeks 80 hours, that is too long too much. It may feel good, but it is not a good idea. First, you need to keep clean head and think eg.) * prioritize and cut everything non-essential, * being organized is not waste of time, but do not overdo it, * prioritize again and cut everything not super essential, * sleep enough hours, * eat regularly and real food, * take short break after every longer subtask (!short - measure it!), * be conscious: if you find yourself staring at the screen or procrastinating, then it is good time for short break, * use the above breaks for short but intensive physical activity, * socialize less then usually, but find some time to socialize anyway. Important: * have good testers and let them check for regressions as often as possible. Really, they are more valuable then new programmers on team. If you need to achieve something exceptional, you need to think clear above all. The idea "wait we do not have to do it at all" saves more time then all clever hacking in the world. And if you do not sleep and do not eat, you will not be clever anyway. As for last point, most people need to talk. If they do not get to talk out of work, they tend to get more talkative in work. That means a lot of wasted time. The last thing you want is to unconsciously use team meetings to satisfy your communication needs and waste everybody's time. It is ok to bundle things together eg. run to grocery store for food (3 in 1: physical activity and break and food). Unbundle project and yourself: it is not failure not to achieve impossible. Is there anything you can push to other people? Some self contained part or may something mechanical they can easily learn? Isn't there a way how to teach those adolescent males to behave like humans? If their behavior is that bad that it makes uncomfortable learning environment for other students, then it needs to be addressed. I'm woman and my experience is that most adolescent males are not apes and are able to act like human. Separating them by gender is accepting bad behavior as norm when it actually is not a norm. Young polite males are often off putted by pseudo-masculinity too, but you just told those that they have to suck it up. The stereotype of adolescent male being half ape is as a accurate as the stereotype of woman being way too much emotional. Despite stereotypes, most young males are ok people and most young females are able to reason rationally. The lack of male teachers is considered a problem by many people in education. A lot of words were written and conferences organized on the topic. tl;dr: the consensus seems to be that it would be better if there would be more male teachers so the boys would have more teachers to relate to. @DanBC There is not that much evidence and I do not see best education system in the world moving to gender educated classes. There is one experiment on few kids with all kinds of special conditions. Plus, there are some proves that girls perform worst when reminded of all "incapable woman" stereotypes. You mean 12 years old? Yes they are immature, but oddly enough I did not encountered all that much uncontrollable pseudo masculinity in them. Someone occasionally acts in a way uncomfortable for girls, but it is usually considered "bad behavior" and he is called on that. Maybe because such behavior is not considered "normal" here. They do display such behavior more often when they are in boys only group eg. physical education class. Not coincidentally, it is class where it is tolerated more. To counter the general conviction of some Americans that only American males innovate and start startups? Now, we need some examples of "I innovate but I do not run startup" to counter the idea that starting startup is the only way to innovate. Generally speaking, people should be put in prison only if the prosecution can legally prove they did something illegal. "I totally know he is a scumbag" cause "some unrelated stuff that was totally shade" is not considered proof. Shady acts on the side of FBI, police and other government agencies are way more dangerous for democracy and rule of law then whatever Kim Dotcom did. The same goes for criminalization of copyright law, whether by precedent or brought law changes. I dunno. I would be largely annoyed by male only anything (except restrooms). Female only whatever (except restrooms) does not sound that much better. I work for a company that does not uses github at all. We store code on our own servers. Do you seriously think that anyone working in such company is going to be unemployable? I would say the companies you look at work in have seriously flawed hiring practices. They would not hired our best engineers, cause they do not have open source github contributions. They code plenty for work through. Out of curiosity: how does lack of apartment numbers changes anything? Maybe they through Iraq war is a good idea and support surveillance state? I do not understand what SF issue is really about, but it seems to be local problem unrelated to international or security politic. In all honesty, I found TFA extremely hard to read. It is almost as if the text would be random generated. Something about that style made my brain pick up parts, maybe because parts make sense while whole paragraphs make much less sense. So, I missed the anti-surveillance state aspect. My bad. The changed name is NOT a "lie". Changed name is her new name. As far as law is concerned, new name is the truth about her identity. And I'm not sure that court would take it against person if that person uses alias online. After all, it is general advice for teenagers not to reveal their names online. The worst thing for me is that they design for big screens and I have small one. Even when you pick up compact scheme. The record was stats screen on blogger which shown me 3cm of information panel and the rest was taken by huge sticky !mostly empty! top and bottom rows. Way to go, really. Funny enough, I am not anti-capitalist and I do not mind companies earning money. However, most startups are not really bettering the world and provide rather pretty bad working conditions while the actual job is not all that much more interesting. Half of "need" for dynamism is caused by mismanagement and unmanageable technical debt three months after project started (caused by sleep deprived programmers). End of rant. Established companies can have pretty bad management too. Great job! Hope you find success with it and thank you for open sourcing it. And that is why privacy is needed for many people. That changed long ago. All the google is doing last two years is stopping projects, removing features and replacing acceptable GUIs by less practical ones. If there is so much commented code that you can not read, delete it. If I'm not sure whether I will be putting the code back soon, no way I'm willing to dig repository history. However, commented out code is by definition free to be deleted by anybody else if it happen to be forgotten later on. Unfortunately, the type of people that actually get offended by this stuff tend to go around looking for this stuff. And once it finds it, it starts twitter campaign against you and your project. If you are have no public talking experience/training, you are going to loose and be labeled ugly names. Is this what they did? I check out their site and was unable to find out where and when exactly were they showing ads and which data were collected from phones and send to advertizers. Never mind, the "We show an ad only in the context of a call to or from a business." in their faq http://pingjam.com/faq/ is probably what you mean. So, I guess I will suddenly see ads if they detect I'm calling to business, but I will have no idea which app caused it. Genial. I would not knowing install app that does that. If only I could filter playstore by permissions. That would make it that much more usable. As it is now, it take too much time to scroll down till first app that does not require too many of them. Or control better what kind of data applications see. Anything would be better then current "we pretend you are in control, but will make it as hard as possible for you to exercise that control." End of rant. Of course not. Unless you live in economic boom or are rich. If government employee can not voice his opinions on politics without fear of being fired, his free speech rights are pure theory. Theoretically he has it, practically he does not dare to use them. It just give the government ability to yell "we guarantee freedom of speech" without really giving it. Playstore is horrible for matching buyers and sellers. You can filter games by category and that is it. Plus, mobile games reviews are practically useless. I can not even is no way to guess difficulty nor whether I will like the game. The problem is, there are hundreds games coming out for Android every month. I might like maybe five of them, many are of them are crap and many many more are good games - for someone entirely else then me. Tell me, how do I find those five I might like? Useful reviews are practically non existent. I'm not willing to pay 5$ for something I will probably play for 10 minutes. In order to find 1 game you will like, you have to buy maybe 10. So, basically, those games I do not like count into my games budget. They are partly reason why I'm not willing to pay much for one game. If there were a way (maybe curated storefront) for me to know in advance I will be playing this game for hours next two months, I would gladly pay those 5$. I would see it as cheap. As it is now, it is 5$ for something I will likely not play at all. How many people/kids were willing/allowed to sink that much money into Galaga? It was not mainstream hobby. At least, my parents taught me it is not wise investment and I plan to teach my kids the same about level ups in seemingly free games. Speaking about exploitation, I recall one especially ugly example. A game with kiddy graphics and story had crying Bambi 10 minutes into play. You came there and Bambi told you that he is dying and the only way to save him is to pay money. If this is not emotional manipulation I do not know what is. I'm not sure whether this qualifies, but I'm a huge fan: * free demo with IAP: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.jecklandin.... * full version: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zalivka.an... You can create cartoons with that. I could imagine more polish on that, but it is still better then anything else I found. I have to have credit card solely for google play purchases. It is ridiculous. He would then update the app and resubmit. It is way better then what google did in this case. Especially considering that google does not support his country at all. Why? It is quite possible that "because he had to" guy will produce more readable code. There is no reason to care about developers personal relationship with whatever technology. Important question is whether he is able to produce functional, readable, well-designed code in acceptable speed. In case of projects under time pressure, the important question is whether the developer can do reasonable trade-offs between those expectations (eg. sacrifice the right one). But adapting to circumstances includes adapting working hours. If companies expect 80 hours a week, you will be fired or have too low salary no matter how great your output is. Then you have to move if you do not want to work those 80 and be employed/work on interesting projects. "Michelle had no intention of breaking any laws and no idea that she’d broken any laws. [...] Once the SEC decided that most technology company stock option procedures were not as desired, the jail sentences were handed out arbitrarily. " I find this quite disturbing. Especially the second part. It is contradiction only if you assume that TSA frisking people on airports makes it more secure. As I understood it, "bro culture" was supposed to be about overly techno jerks treating other people (most notably women) badly. Exaggerating to explain the point: bro culture means putting picture of naked lara croft on the wall and then pretend last women changed the job cause she was too weak. The first half of the article is about minority candidates not even showing for interviews cause of structural problems in education (two quotes): * (page 1) too many kids of color who think that they're going to be basketball stars or entertainers or Barack Obama, * (page 1) By the time kids are applying for colleges, they're virtually out of the game. Then the article shows stats that tech employs mostly white people, which is not surprising given education failures described on the first page. So far so good. Out of nowhere, there is complain about bro/frat culture, as if the same article would not describe those minorities "out of the game" well before even applying. (Assuming you search for tech job after college). No relation between previous content is shown. Then another jump and it turns out the article is just an advertisement for some startup hackatlon. So, yes, companies should allow and embrace cultures other than those of their founders. No, this article still has bad title. Technical decisions should not be made on "which technology sounds cool on CV" basis. Unless there is strong reason, codebase should be in one language. Having it in multiple languages makes learning curve for newcommers unnecessary steep, especially if the company is willing to hire juniors. It also makes maintenance more difficult and expensive. Too many languages will also force your people to have very shallow knowledge. We are going to do this one module in python should be done either cause you consider to move to python altogether or because the usual language is really bad fit. "Someone wants to learn it" is both bad reason and unprofessional. "It is perfectly possible to have done nothing but C or Java for your entire career and yet remain extremely employable." I am Java programmer and the above seems to be true. However, it does not mean that Java programmers can stop learning and code as if it would be 1995. Even if you confine yourself into Java world only, there is enough to be learned in five lifetimes. Many people here equate "learning something new" with "learning new cool programming language". It is sort of fallacy. New or improved frameworks are coming out every day. You can lean new design patterns, whole domains or simply dedicate few years to security, algorithms, graphics, gui design, sound manipulation, internals of common data formats etc. That being said, it is ok to skip a technology or two. Most of them will disappear in few years anyway. It is just marketing. Goldie Blox is just expensive and not much flexible toy. Neither Barbie at 12 nor doll and cooking set at 2 will cause your daughter to be stupid. The same way as boys do not grow to be violent jerks for having access to wooden sword and action figure. Being socialized into thinking that Barbie is the only thing she can play with or into thinking that she can not figure technical stuff so there is no point in trying anyway will do it. It is more about your general attitude then about plastic mold that was used for toy. I get what you say about coddling and framing, really. Kids raise to expectation and if you help girl every single time she struggle, she will never become self resilient and will never learn to solve problems. Got that. However, how can one twist helping someone into "distributing own mistakes"? Seriously, that is beyond ridiculous. And going off ahead and get lost is also something entirely different then "they try extra hard to learn beyond their limits, even if it proves tough". The point of daddy daughter programming time mentioned in those thread is to show the girl it is normal for her to spend time coding. Boys know it is "normal" for them to code. And actually, plenty of boys do tech stuff with their parents. It was always normal and usual to teach your son crafting and tinkering. When daddy needed to repair car or some furniture he would call his son to help. It was not usual to teach the same to girl. The "daddy time" is just a call to extend the courtesy to girls too. Small kids do try to conform to gender roles they see around. Girls and boys alike, we are all herd animals. Daddy time is an attempt to offset the message about her supposed abilities and likes the girl (but not boy) hears. Glen Greenwald is more journalist then designer or css guru. When he brags about "the future of journalism on the web" he means content. There is no contradiction between discipline/hard work and abrasive style. He wrote also this "My coworkers that stood their ground and set boundaries seemed to end up on a shit list of sorts and were out of the inner circle of people that kissed the producer’s ass." So, I do not think it was a case of misunderstanding. How companies alienate their employees. Chapter: David Marcus, PayPal. Somehow, I doubt you can make people enthusiastic by threatening them or yelling at them (figuratively). Then again, I'm not a CEO. Is that how real thing worked? It is really addictive. I heard about controversy but never played the game. P "They don't give a shit about your elbow nor should they. Everyone who gets put in cuffs complains about some current or former injury." Of course they should give some shit about person arrested, especially if that person is not danger for them in any way. I would expect cops to use only necessary force. And if everyone complains about current or former injury, then those handcuffs are either too tight or cops to brutal. Especially if those handcuffed people, again, represent zero threat. The trouble is that even if great engineer moves up, his work will require zero engineering work. Few years later he is just another formerly great engineer out of touch with superficial ideas about current practices. I have seen that happen with programmers that moved to pure architect positions or to pure management. Just a few year later (2-3) and they start to have naive and idealized idea about programming and development process. Disruptive means potentially viable business. It used to mean something else, but it is not used that way anymore. I would not recommend that strategy, unless you really understand all possible consequences. The fine may much bigger then you expect and tax cheating may earn you jail time or kill your business for good. "When a product is close to launch, I become a perfectionist. Each misaligned element or awkward interaction is like a thorn in my side. " When a product is close to launch, I become paranoid. I do not want to do any changes, unless critical. There will not be time for another round of testing/regression testing. We have even whole process for that. He is talking about team moving on other projects, which means he talks about time very close to launch. It is great when the designer is perfectionist. There is also a time for that and that is NOT close to launch. You absolutely should come up with these changes while the project is far from launch so we can time for fixing them. You should absolutely NOT suddenly come up with tons of tiny little changes close to release. One of those tiny little changes may break something important and we will have no time to find out. "the crypto challenges, which are currently by far our most successful recruiting vehicle (followed by Stripe's CTF #2) are just a series of emails we send; they're essentially a blog post that we weaponized instead of wasting on a blog." I kind of hoped you are at least looking on our answers or something :) I want to work with people who are good match for a job. Most projects are not that difficult and uber-tech as founders like to think. Reliable average programmer that generates maintainable code in predictable speed might end up as useful and less annoying then bored genius. That was annoying thing company I knew did. Candidates were selected for their love of algorithms and detailed knowledge of frameworks etc. Anyone else was labeled "weak". It just so happened that the work required only surface knowledge. What they really needed was someone willing to do "boring" programming work responsibly and without supervision. So, hired geniuses were running away faster then you can say bye and those who stayed half assed work. The point of "seeing parallels" is that it seems to be moving in that direction with no stopping barrier in sight. Neither UK nor USA nor Europe are currently oppressive dictatorships. However, dissent is already punished without much appeal or protection available to those punished. Laura Poitras, Jacob Appelbaum as first who come into mind in this mind context. Powerful anti-terrorist measures are appropriate against guy with bomb in backpack planning to kill thousands people tomorrow. They are not appropriate against occupy members essentially guilty of sitting on a side walk. Similarly, strong anti hacking measures are appropriate for those who just store millions. They are not appropriate against journalists who humiliated powerful companies. Twisting non-infractions of political opponents into "terrorist acts" is what is happening here. That is essentially little suppression apparatus being build and used, just not being powerful enough yet. The more of it is build, the harder it is to stop next growth. Central planning in Russia was really incompetent and food shortages in Russia (not Ukraina) while Stalin was in power were often result of incompetence. In short, they used the fields in a wrong way. You would have to kill a lot of people. And you risk that some of them would turn out to be more effective then Hitler. The thing about people that have no life outside of work and claim to be happy is that they bring their communication and socialization needs to work all too often. Which means a lot longer meetings and a lot more small talk or playing games together etc. As in, every single one I worked with that stayed in work that much without being burned out or tired did that. I'm not willing to accept shady moves just because you are startup. For one, there is no reason to think you will suddenly develop ethics once you become big company. Second, I have been mislead the same way in both cases. Isnt it the case that introverts are more comfortable in small groups of people they know well? As long as your team does not have 40+ members, most introverts should be perfectly happy in restaurant with their team. Some of introverts I know consider themselves extroverts, cause they get very talkative and funny in their group of their friends. Me spying on you aint the same as you spying on me. First is just logically, non offensive act, another is horrible offence. Helicopter from Ebaumsworld "copied" it too. There are approximately millions copies of 2D-something-flies-and-avoids-obstacles games. First one was created approximately 20 years ago or sooner. Almost all of them are boring and few of them are able to keep players interested for more then 10 seconds. Transforming simple idea almost everybody else had into something that keeps players engaged counts as achievement too. Given madness it caused in minds of some people, I'm fine with calling it simple evil genius. Reminds me how much I dislike infinite scrolling. Only if you employ bad or only junior engineers. If you can not deal with priorities, then you have no right to call yourself senior. Especially when it comes to urgent. Good engineers are able to finish work even if you do not babysit them. My understanding is that bad news did not bubbled up. They stayed hidden and that one is cultural problem.Instead of president being informed that project will be late, programmers were informed that failure is not an option. Turned out it was an option. Cultural problems like this are often caused by leadership. Whether you will be told bad news depends a lot on your management style and on people you decide to work with. You do not have to micromanage, but if they are scared to tell you the truth, then it is often your own fault. They used markLogic NoSQL store http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2013/12/03/healthcare-govs-heart-be... Just for the record, contractor did not wanted to use it and argued the team have no experience with it. Someone in government decided it must be done that way (in spring or summer). Quoting "common position" document (whatever it is) http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/enforcement/docs/common_positi... "The use of the word "free" (or similar) may be tolerated for games which are not entirely free, if it is complemented by appropriate qualifications characterising upfront in a clear manner what elements are for free and which ones can be purchased. In such cases, the consumer should be able to access discrete parts of the game that stand alone without the need to make purchases. "Free" may not be used where the consumer cannot, without making in-app purchases, access content integral to gameplay or play the game in a way that he/she would reasonably expect. " Essentially, the customer must know what parts are free and which have to be paid for prior download. There is going to be grey zone of course, but if you app have paywall, it shall not be called free. On the other hand, you can sell custom avatars or additional levels and call your app free, as long as the description says something like: playing first five levels of the game is for free, but custom avatars and additional content have to be paid for. I guess it is risky. Many people see finding next job before leaving previous one as the responsible thing to do. Especially if you live in an expensive location or have family or other financial obligations that simply needs to be paid. Technically, you can find "temporary" job in smaller company and then move to the company you "really" want to work in. It just seem to me somewhat jerk move toward that smaller company. Not sure if you know it, but there is zero information on the internet for the wast majority of apps. Even if there are reviews, they are done by people who played for five minutes and then wrote something as fast as possible. I wanted to play (and buy) a game the other day. It turned out that unless friend brought and recommended, there is no way to learn about gameplay, difficulty, length, whether there are in app purchases or not etc. The only way to learn those things is to buy and then find out you do not like the game or that it is very short. It was not big deal for me, I googled for couple of hours and them brought nothing. There are hundreds of games being published every day and only maybe 1% of them are any good. That IS discovery problem and it is problem mainly for game developers. Since customers like me have no way to distinguish between those good games and bad games, we buy something random and then see. The result is that good and bad games earn the same, since they are largely brought on random. The main losers are here good games developers. I would argue it would be ok. There is nothing inherently wrong with apps requiring in app purchases to unlock content or pass paywall. The point is not to label them as free, so the customers can rely on the usual meaning of the word free. And when the app is about to charge money, the customer should be clearly informed it is about to do so, even if he did not turned on "require password before purchase" option. The problem is the deception, not the ability to buy things from inside the app. First, the whole document concerns itself with what is called "free". If you do not label your game as free and do not market your game for children, then you are out of document scope. Do what you want. More nuanced, according to their first position, you should be able to market game with removable ads as free (unless they cover whole screen or make game unplayable). You would be able call the game free with cosmetic in app purchases too, but you probably would have to make it clear to customer prior downloading eg. "you have to use default avatar unless you pay 1$" somewhere in description. You could even lock content unless money are paid and still call it free, as long as customer was clearly told what parts are available and what parts are not available. (Hard to understand one liner in the middle of 20 pages long terms of services does not count). I hate that. And after I worked as analyst, I started to hate that even more. Just say "I do not know" and do not waste your and my time with monologues full of guesses and sort-of-related-but-not-relevant info. It does not help. It just wastes time. If you say, "I do not know" we can work on it. We can file it as an open question until you know. We can ask somebody else or search for information. And btw, the answer to "Will mistakes sometimes happen" question is: guesses cause them very often and they slow analysis a lot. You just do not see it, because I can not go to you and show you all your wrong guess mistakes. I have to smile and pretend that I trust you while triple checking everything you say which again, slow down analysis. Working with people able to say "I do not know" is way easier and faster. If you throw around possibility of ridiculously high sentences to scare people and manipulate them into guilty pleas, then you have no right to complain when people act like being threatened with unfairly high sentence. "But simply making those test-prep tools more affordable and easier to find will only have the effect of compressing the distribution of scores, making the SAT a less discriminating test in the technical sense and thus a less useful measurement." What you are advocating amounts to intentional "handicap" for those who find test-prep tools expensive. Yes, you are getting higher distribution of scores. If you would single out brown eyed people and denied them access to those tools while giving them everybody else, you would get high scores distribution too. Both tests would be just about the same useful. If the childhood leaves some less prepared to do well in college, then you do not need to add another handicap to them. They are more likely to fail even with access to those tools. If the access makes them perform better, then your "it is fair cause they are not prepared" goes out of window. Note: I'm not saying they should not sell test prep. It is business and it is ok business to try to earn money. Just that the more expensive materials are, the less you choose on actual aptitude. "I'm seeing a substantial number, if not the majority, of CS students who can't code worth a damn, but got into the department solely because they did well in a small number of unrelated subjects." Isnt that argument for more relevant testing? If the current selection picked up people with poor aptitude for programming or whatever, then it makes sense to change it. Engineers needs ability to think hard and solve complex problems. So, lets measure those instead of how many arcane words they memorized, how great are they in writing self promoting essays, how much irrelevant facts they memorized or how fast they are in solving simple memorizable math problems. There is nothing wrong with adjusting expectations to current world. He did knew it advance and thus memorized formulaic essay. Yes, you can also get faster at writing by practice. The problem is that speed of writing is irrelevant in almost all contexts and training it ridiculous waste of time - unless you need SAT. Which is reasonable complaint about SAT. If they would be measuring how fast you run, then you could prepare for it by running a lot. It would not make it the best possible test. Mangers and doctors do not write essays on random topics. They write texts about their work on topics they supposedly know well. It is ok to have one fast suit of tests that are run all the time and one slow but more detailed that runs only at some checkpoints (overnight, weekly, before release). Big projects over some size normally do it that way. What did you the rest of the time? There is difference between writing documentation, design work, attending mandatory meeting and checking facebook or video. Mine was the same. After 7 hours of real work with no slacking (eg lunch does not count as work), I find it better to switch to easier tasks (docs, organizational, etc). Citation needed. That is definition of a bad math teacher. Same thing everybody is doing in this case is long division. Everybody gotta get the result when faced with long division exercise. If some administrators in schools or school district decided that there is only one way to do long division, then it is on them. Legal DVDs have limited selection of subtitles and you can not rewind them 10 seconds back to review scene if I misunderstood. I downloaded even movies I own for that reason (downloading is legal here, uploading is not). I like to watch movies with english subtitles an dvd rarely have those. I do not care about extras. I do care about ability to jump where I want in the movie and about seeing movie I brought without warnings and ads. Would he be able to pay that in long term? And if not, what happens when he runs out of money? Relationships and livestyle he has now would be gone forever and he would not be able to pay new one. Plus, he would be lucky if people protecting him would simply left. Those are probably people you do not want to mess with at all. It is entirely possible they would get dangerous and demanding. That one is different in multiple ways. Try to play one and then another. It looks the same, but is not. You may like one and get bored by another. Do not forget that lawsuits in USA have regulatory function. The attitude seems to be: let them sue each other and see who wins. All those lawsuits results and precedents are replacement for European regulations. While like European way better, it is not fair to compare lawsuits prevalence in isolation. You have to compare the combination of lawsuits and regulations to say which system is better. And Europe has more regulations about a lot of things. I had very bad experience with "everybody in charge". We oscillated between nobody makes decisions and war for power and decision making. The project was simultaneously pulled in multiple directions and there was no such thing as shared priorities. Every team member had his own. It got hell when the company hired very smart and capable guy who turned out to be very lazy. Nobody is in charge in that case means also that it takes too long time until someone in charge finds out about the situation. What best practices do you imagine him not to follow? "Early adopters generally tend to do well, whatever the language may be." It is because early adopters tend to work either on special kind of problems the new language is especially suited for or because they tend to work on rather small projects. Those small projects would do well in almost any circumstances. New technologies tend to be buggy, quirky and tend not to stay around. Rarely someone picks them up for things that are supposed to be maintained in the long term. There is plenty of woman on woman/girl on girl sexism. Women are socialized into the same world as men and tend to underestimate other women the same way as men do. If you have been raised to think you can not do x cause you are women, you will assume that other woman are unable too. The story is confirming my long held prejudice/bias. If a company/organization organizes women only activities, then there is something profoundly wrong in their relationship towards women. Unwanted advance is ok in my opinion. Retaliation after rejection is not. To add complexity, proposing to someone in long term relationship does not make you look good. Exactly. Mature adults form relationships with other adults. There is nothing wrong or icky about it. The more time people spend at work, the more likely they are to find partner there. Note that startups often not only expect long hours of work, they also expect you to spend a lot of time socializing with colleagues. Expecting her to reject potential stable long term relationship just because the guy has the same employer does not sound reasonable to me. Plus, we do not even know whether they started to be together before she joined the company. "what looks better on my resume? Worked at GitHub, got bored/wanted a higher salary/wanted to do less work, left... or worked at GitHub and got bullied out of the marketplace for being a woman in tech, but is an honest and good person nonetheless?" Left to pursue new opportunities is better for her. Generally speaking, employers are less likely to hire someone who got into public fights, whether by his own fault or not. And they especially do not want to hire people who talk bad about previous workplaces. They do not want to risk it will happen again. Leaving company for usual unspecified reasons is normal, everybody do that regularly. If she is "tired of working there and this is her way of finding new work', then she would be exceptionally dumb. The point is that informal leaders have upper hand and support from big fish. Boris could have fight them, but he would loose and that would be it. Informal leaders have power to change things the way they like. Formal leaders will run into difficulties every time they would try to implement something informal leaders do not like. For example, informal leader in example is more likely to persuade the prince to take certain decision. Communists never aspired to be structureless, definitely not in the short term. Even utopia they promised in long term had element of forced conformity with system aka oppression. Path towards that utopia was supposed to go through strong party discipline and obeisance. That is how communist party survived oppression in Russia. It was not supposed to be "free" or "structureless" in any current meaning of the word. I now much less about French revolution, but what I know suggests it was very complicated event. Describing it as simple attempt to move towards structureless society is simplifying it too much. Seriously? You would fire employee for making an awkward and advance? I can see firing person for reverting commits as vengeance. I can see firing person for harassing someone or if he was threatening. I can not see it reasonable to fire employee for asking another one on date once, even if it was awkward and unexpected. Maybe I'm weird, but I do not see it employers business to police relationships of their adult employees, as long as they do not cross the line described above. If the definition of ADHD includes 20% of all boys, then I'm inclined to believe the definition takes in too many kids. If 1 in 5 kids has it, then it is normal behavior in that age range. That is the title of both the original time.com article and the book written by its author. The qualifier "as currently defined" is only on HN. Six years old when they start school are expected to focus for 10-15 minutes. Kindergartner loosing attention after 5-10 minutes sounds to be exactly where he is supposed to be. Just about the only two things I ever encountered from your list are threads and web server. I work on web applications, but details of TCP, ports and ethernet are simply too low to be of any practical use. I am hardworking and very consistent with my work. My communication with coworkers is always friendly and respectful. I am able to point out mistakes and faults without hurting the person I'm talking to. There you go, what did you learned about me? If you base your hiring on what people wrote about their own personality, you will hire plenty of great salesmen. They will all be able to guess what the boss might like and generate nice sounding sentences to him. They can still be poisonous jerks. And if they do, they will be perfectly able to hide the toxic culture they created from you. I love starting phase of a new projects too. However, I believe that working only on starting phase of many projects would be detrimental for the person. Later phases of the projects often gives you feedback on how well you have done in the beginning. If you participate only on beginning (design mostly), you will miss that feedback and you will not even know it. What looks like great clever idea in the beginning sometimes turns out to be too difficult to maintain down the road. The new technology or approach that speeds you up so incredibly during first weeks can became huge drag withing few months. Smart clever hacks so cool first six weeks can make the system extremely fragile twelve months later. Your projects rotating starter never involved in later phases of the projects may become problem on himself. Second argument is about fairness. Finishers are not people who love to do all that less exciting work needed to actually finish the thing. Neither are they too stupid to work on design phase. Most often, they are people who feel responsibility towards project completion. If you do not allow them to work on those interesting parts too and force them to fix other peoples bugs all the time, they are likely to leave for another company. Criminal courts should not evaluate whether accused is good guy or a bad guy. The only possible exception is when the guy is found guilty and court is looking for sentence. Courts should evaluate whether the guy broke the law and whether the law is consistent with constitution. His trolling activities and personality should not play much role when determining guilt. "LEGOs are crazy-expensive. If you want to buy a Star Wars set bigger than your fist you’re likely to drop $50 or more. " Not really. When you are buying Star Wars set, you are paying for IP. Of course it is incredibly expensive. It is different when you are buying non ip packs of bricks and less popular sets. Brick price measured by volume or number is cheaper then ever been. Here is someone who calculated it: http://therealityprose.wordpress.com/2013/01/17/what_happene... Perks alone will not make your employees happy. A company can spend infinite amount of money on perks and still have unhappy employees. Respect, good management and what goes on in employees private lives have much bigger impact. The indictment rate of grand jury is about 98-99% (wikipedia). As far as I know, only prosecution presents its case, defense is not. Wiki link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_juries_in_the_United_Stat... For the same reason as why big companies can not cooperate prices with each others. If they do, free market can not do its magic. Free market works only if there are many competing independent players, everybody knows everything and everybody can change who he is making business with at any time. What other western countries do with them? It is an honest questions, they have neither solitary nor capital punishment. At minimum, I guess you can keep them separated without turning off every single possible sensory inputs. E.g., let them know what time it is and allow turn on/off freaking light. While you are at it, allow them listen to music, read books, watch movies and give them access to paper and pen. The big problem is not only that they are isolated. It is also almost complete turn off of all sensory inputs. If they need to be away from others, allow them at least phone with people, either with each others or with outside word. Another thing to do would be to reserve that treatment only for really dangerous people. Do not send them inmates that only annoyed someone, broke some minor rule or insist on something you do not want to give them. Do not send there non-dangerous inmates for "their own protection" put then somewhere where they can be in touch with non-dangerous inmates instead. Third, conditions in prison have direct impact on how badly dangerous inmates they generate. Maybe there could be something done about those too? What amount of swearing? There is exactly one "wtf", exactly one "fuck" and the rest is polite. If you do not want to show it to brother, more power to you and you got my respect for thinking about what language he picks up. Really. However, the resource has exactly two impolite words in it, so it is hardly huge amount. "My uncharitable interpretation for this class of responses is simple laziness" That does not make sense. Those designers will not go home sooner for using web. They work how much they work regardless of technology choice. Those who work hard will work hard on both Android and web and those who slack will slack on both. What changes is how much they achieve during their work-time. "it’s a value judgment on who is worth designing for. [...] I do hope, given tech’s rhetoric about changing the world and disrupting outdated hierarchies, that we don’t really think only those with revenue potential are worth our attention. " This argument does not make much sense to me. Those are designers working for companies. Both companies and designers gotta pay bills. Even if they do not, owners want to get rich and there is nothing wrong with it. That is what business is. As for disrupting rhetoric, that one is just a buzzword used to get attention. Getting attention is needed to earn money. Anyone with half a brain know that "disrupting" means either "new" or "has earning potential" these days. By definition, you will disrupt nothing by releasing apps nobody wants to buy WhatsApp and few other successful apps are outliers and not a norm. They did not become successful by nice design only, they become successful by figuring out which features matter right now for their business. What did you ate? Your bedroom was stack with food supplies for weeks? Or is it that someone cooked and you had some minimum amount of interaction with him? Another difference is that you have seen difference between day and night. Once you have computer, you can get music or games or almost any kind of sensory you would need. Another difference is that you had control over it. You could go out once it you started to be personally uncomfortable and you probably started because you felt a need for some solitude. Anyway, when I had to work alone for long time, it had similar effects to my brain as it had on yours. Is that the usual quality of techcrunch articles? OMG I just found out that people are writing simple free apps and some other people are trying to earn money on extremely simple apps? I actually found all those flappy clones happening great. Of course there is nothing useful about them. It is just that I like idea of people building things just for fun and for the heck of it. Kind of like when musicians improvise together or when aspiring writer play those cooperative writing stories. Except with small simple games. Basically, it is meme web 2.0 version. Flappy jam has a lot of to do with all those flappy clones. Basically, someone organized game developers to create flappy clones. It was meant as action against all hate and bullying the original flappy bird developer had to deal with. Flappy jam: http://itch.io/jam/flappyjam Java input output api is cumbersome, so is its date api. That is why you use Apache commons and yoda time to deal with them. He sounds like someone who never learn Java in the first place. Neither he learned what it is good for, what it is bad for. I think that if you interview in some language, you should understand what kind of problems are easy to solve in that language and which are hard or never done. If I have to write libraries less input output example in interview, my code will be ugly and long. I'm not saying that interview should not ask these questions, it tests whether the candidates ability to find his way around api he uses rarely. It is needed skill, so no problem there. If I have to design complicated system, adjust it to changing requirements and maintain it for years, I feel most comfortable in Java. Type safety, tools and language itself allow me to focus on the system itself and how systems parts cooperate with each other. He also sounds like somebody who is biased against whoever uses java, because he worked once in bad java shop. It sounds that it really does not matter what those people would do, they used java, so they are incapable in his eyes. "In Java, you can forget about doing it in the cleanest or the best way, because that is impossible. Whatever you do, however hard you try, the code will come out mediocre, verbose, redundant, and bloated." Guess I was right about learning Java. I am java programmer and liked java culture. And I see nothing wrong with "foo".equals(someVariable). If code review ends with lengthy explanation over why not use "foo".equals(someVariable) or some other maintenance/readability/effectivity/other important consideration non-affecting issue, I see something wrong with code review. Because they are useful only after the project grows big. People who use them on small projects do it out of habit. Which only confirms what parent comment wrote. "If you poach an engineer from another company that means the other company must replace that engineer or be less productive. This company would then be the one to hire the outside engineer at the improved salary." You could raise salary of your existing engineers to match the market. "Poaching" is possible only because finding job elsewhere is often only way how to get raise, no matter how much they learned since they started working with you. Neither idea nor netbeans seem to have killer feature that would motivating me to move. I know eclipse too well, I am used some its plugins and I can write my own plugins and use some of those. Netbeans was too slow last time I tried and Eclipse is not unstable for me. If I would work with android, I would switch to IntelliJ. I heard that one is better and Android plugin for Eclipse is horrible. There is something weird with Eclipse on your setup. I just checked mine and it takes 0.5. I normally keep three eclipse instances open (I switch projects and do not care about closing them) and they do not take much memory. Would you provide links? I would be interested in them. Can you name a game that can not be claimed to be a clone or at least somewhat similar to another one? I also noted that you did not mentioned which game he supposedly cloned. I noted that because when people say these things (whether minecraft or flappy bird or 2048) and I checked the other game, it usually turned out they provide very different experience. "Diversity is good. This woman is adding to diversity in STEM. Her leaving decreases diversity. Therefore, she is bad to leave." That sounds ridiculous. If only google would learn this too and checked their new guis on smaller screens once in a while. Of course, when you are dumb as a brick, you will not finish PhD. However, finishing PhD will not make you "more intelligent". It will make you more knowledgeable in whatever you finished PhD in and it will make you prepared for doing science. And if society needs 5 new highly knowledgeable scientists a year, then producing 100 new PhD holders a year is over-producing them. Staying in job that treats you badly and pay less when you can get better one is not "setting a good example for other women". Your second parsing is what I find ridiculous. What is the cause here? Why should she sacrifice her career and personal happiness to your goal of diversity? I do not think that anyone ever said that. More likely, they just put keys in string to do quick test right now with intention to fix it later. Then they simply forget about it and later never happen. Because if people "like" their page on facebook, company updates will show up in those people news feed. People are likely to check their facebook feeds and unlikely to check your company website. Whether the company wants to build community, let customers know something (plumbing broken we are closed today) or simply show ads, facebook is a way to push it on customers. Website is not. Most companies do not worry about "diluting" their web presence, they want to be shown as much as possible on as much as possible places. Cops here are imperfect, corrupt and what not. That being said, I'm very happy I live in a place where I would not be arrested in these circumstances. It is kind of cool that I do not have choice between clearing the place immediately when cops come in and being arrested. Cops here seem to be used that people stop on streets to watch what is going on. They also seem to be able to make people leave (when they jam the place) without arresting them for first slight tiny hint of possible disobedience. There is difference between short term and long term. You achieve more today by working today more hours, especially if you are in the flow. The catch is that flow has an end and the productivity drops after that end. People are tired and start making more and more mistakes or less then optimal decisions. Or they spend more time chatting with colleges or staring into screen without doing much or do longer meetings cause they are only option for socialization. "Every single person with whom I played at that school is an entrepreneur. " That one is more about you and your selection of friends. Your whole generation is not composed of entrepreneurs although they all played freely. How is either of those fun? I see why revere console logs are funny, if done when there is no time pressure and a lot of time available. I do not want to work in environment where people feel that it is appropriate to routinely "punish" colleges by making them waste time like this. From the article: "He was also a huge liability ... pre-production meetings quickly turned towards one recurring fear: that someone external would say something offensive, trip an emotional switch, turn the environment toxic – and the devs would walk ... Matti and the members of the second team were a time bomb, but for some reason, no one did anything about it." This is not about someone unknown suddenly acting offensive. The guy was known and nobody tried to tone him down. I agree with you that generally we must allow companies to make hiring mistakes. I also thing that it is better for everybody if even biggest jerks can get job and earn living (instead of being unemployed on help). But known jerks should not be kept at positions where they can screw others big time. Those tweets are deleted, but I'm seriously curios this time. Anyone remember them? I second that. I have no idea what first paragraphs are about, but it gets better after that. My impression was that they acted only after everything was screwed beyond repair. E.g., after "pretty face" question was asked to everybody with Adria offended and Zoe angry enough to swearingly walk away. He was pushing buttons trying to manufacture drama before that. That being said, I read down that he is a big animal, important for Pepsi and influential in shows making cycles. So, show produces might have been between rock and hard place. On the other hand, it is hard to excuse Pepsi, they seem to be happy with him. It even looks like they are "on his side" in follow up and complained about above article or something. I like it too. I'm fond of it partly cause I learned how to do plugins and can create myself one if I would want one. Not that I do it often, I just like to have the possibility. While I like eclipse for java, are you sure it is great js editor? I hope for brackets to be the next js editor. It is open source and written in javascript, so javascript programmers will have it easy to extend it however they like. He was CEO for two weeks. If Mozila would have statements, interviews, and a PR plan prepared, they would have to be done before he became CEO. I think that Europe does not have class action suits. I'm not 100% sure. Anyway, USA has special laws around collecting and storing data of kids under 13 years old. That is primary reason why facebook like companies tos excludes them. It is safe to assume that ad companies do not follow requirements written in these laws. Employees seldom see a big payoff. Period. Startups trade salary and benefits now for maybe huge payoff later. The maybe in previous sentence is important, most startups fail. Some business are build to stay there, grow and earn enough for founders to make them upper middle class/rich for the rest of their lives. It is different then Facebook like success, but most would count that as successful too. The first thing, this is not a law. It is some agreement between unions or something like that and employers. The agreement itself is not about employees, it is about contractors. Contractors in France do not have 35 hours a week work time limit, they can work as much hours as they want. Also, the agreement does not says they can not check mails after some hour, the employer must give them possibility to disconnect for 12 consecutive hours. You can expect them to be available for remaining 12 hours. So, all you need is either employee on call or two contractor to switch turn-offable times. You grandfather was not only one working for Jack Welch. He might have benefited, plenty of others did not. Jack Welch laid off a lot of loyal hardwoking capable people in his days. GE cut all businesses in which the company could not dominate the market in first or second positions and I doubt those all were slackers. Were your grandpa be employed there, his treatment would be much different. He used "fire 10% management" strategy for years, maybe even started that thing. I find suspect that someone who is not particularly ambitious man working 9-5 survived long in that stab back otherwise you will be one of fired 10% environment. Maybe he retired before or was stable due to connections? There were bound to be many many people who worked hard, did their best, achieved a lot and then fired cause somebody had to be fired no matter objective absolute performance. Jack Welch contributed his share to dropping loyalty. Whether the "old high loyalty" was better or not, Jack Welch is among those who destroyed it. I did not meant that you are lying, sorry to come across that way. I referred to system of hires/fires and culture that forms after fire x% every year is going on. Your grandfather working life stopped in the mid-1980s, so it was all in the making. He had maximum few years of that. GE after Jack Welch was not exactly known for 9-5 easy going non-ambitious culture. It is quite possible that GE had enough "fat" for someone working 9-5 without much ambitions to make to the top 20% who were getting large bonuses. Then, once they fired lazy, only ambitions and non-ambitions people remained. That is the point everybody complains about, cause non-ambitious follow and then it is fight about politics between remaining ambitions. However, your grandfather retired a millionaire, so he must have been high enough in hierarchy or be outlier in some other way. Regular GE workers in that era did not retired millionaires. Anyone has any idea on what license does it have? What can be legally done with that book? "Your employer is sponsoring a lot of your learnings in a specific area, so he's entitled to all your ideas in that area" No way. Employer is not entitled to all java code just because he paid me to java certification. Employer to all my products forever just because he paid my college or whatever. "that's what your paid for" I am paid for work done for employer. I'm not own by him. "It would be extremely easy to just keep your best ideas for "your" project and not use them in your work project." Well, then your workplace contribution would be lower then the contribution of your collegues. I would expect you to have lower salary or be fired if you contribute too little. The same way as if you would never had the idea in the first place. "The construction company would have a valid claim if you stole the blueprints at work." However, the construction company would NOT have a valid claim if I would make my own blueprints at home. License review is listed as #1 among goals on http://istruecryptauditedyet.com/ . I think that problem is not removing free option. The problem is attitude to those free users. There was no reason to call them "freeloaders". Saying "free plan turned out to be bad business decision, we can not really keep it" is one thing. Calling someone freeloader is another. I do not think she is able to recognize slow development from fast one. However, "littered with bugs" is a red flag for both team and the process (whoever sets it). "Our team performed brilliantly in the month leading up to our launch at the South by Southwest festival; they worked day and night. Now I look for major events that we can all work toward every three months." Essentially, she is punishing success and hard work. I worked for a company similar in this aspect. Employee got given tight high pressure deadline. When he made it, he was rewarded by another tight high pressure project. And so on until employee either did not made some or left. The company had two types of employees: active newcomers and slow everyone else. It is not exactly the same dysfunction, but kind of similar. I think that she severely underestimates what this kind of treatment do with people. Original Flappy Bird was removed from store and its creator never complained about clones. After all, flappy jam was organized to show support to him. So, in this aspect, he is more in the "old masters" then in the "lost profit" in that. The other things is that if it takes 3 days from start to finish, then it should not be patentable/copyrightable. It is too simple too little work to warrant years long monopoly. On the other hand, no one is going to clone Grand Theft Auto or Oblivion in three days. It is like demanding copyright on sunset picture. There are milions of sunset pictures, some free some paid and no one can claim monopoly over them. One of them is super successful once in a while, but that does not mean all subsequent artists should stop making them. Then again, some even accuse Flappy Bird of being clone. And then again, given some people standards, every single game can be accused of being clone of something. I can fully understand why big company does not want to tie itself to app engine or other Google services, especially if they are able to keep their own infrastructure. If they are European company, having customers data on app engine might not even be legal. Google was not able to guarantee that they will not move data over border and there was regulation about it. Not sure about current status. Big company has to maintain many projects. Managing too many technologies and contracts with too many suppliers is huge hassle. Outsourced maintenance was probably simply incapable, there is huge amount of parasitic service companies living off typical big companies decision making faults. It probably had nothing to do with technology. Long term before deployment is also probably product of big company processes, other projects competing for administrators time etc. That being said Python + app engine + backbone is much easier technology to start with and learn then java spring mvc + sencha. When you do small project in isolation, then former seems like much better choice. Those big frameworks usually pay only if you do something big. Managing too many technologies with too many suppliers is huge hassle even if you remove contracts from question. One man 7 months project is not worth adding new technology to the stack. They use their own infrastructure, so anything that can not run on it is probably a no go. If you do not use java, then they have to add python of whatever application server into mix and then maintain it forever. On the other hand, another small java is just that, they probably deploy it by one script. Various contractors have various favorite technologies and various small projects would be done two months faster with various tools. It can add up pretty fast. The last thing they want is to run three different java application servers, two pythons and three ruby. It should be easier to switch sencha for something else, of maybe even spring mvc for other spring compatible java mvc. However, it still is way easier to maintain many projects in spring mvc then five in spring mvc, six in wicket, three ja JSF etc. Maintenance often costs much more time and money then initial release, even if all involved people are super capable. Having one technology for many projects reduces time needed to learn all possible quirks of all possible technologies they maintain. Plus, one man 7 months is super small super cheap in the world of big companies. Even if whoever is leading it would want it and had enough power to allow it, it probably would not find it worth involved negotiations. I think that game a month challenge was primary meant to be for fun, learning and to motivate rapid prototyping. It has nothing to do with generating big hits. More the just frameworks change. More importantly, if you did not coded for 10 years, it is only that what you remember is outdated. It is also that what you remember is an idealized high level version of what it really was. That kind of manager that bases his decisions on quick google searches without understanding whole system is the worst kind of manager. If there are trade offs involved and possible bad consequences in the context of your database, your search will ignore that. Ultimately, "In rails 7, you can't splice the header from the body of the message stream sent over airsockets" is not level of detail non-coding manager should deal with. That is for the rest of the team to either propose other solutions or make it work with the rejected one. The managers role is not to make technical decisions, his job is to ensure that other team members will help that "excusing" engineer to find solution. Managers role is to detect engineers seem to need help too often, but he is looking for pattern there - not one quick search over what might be controversial issue. More likely with general fear/dislike of air pollution combined with dislike of noise and high traffic itself. Living close to freeway is unpleasant, rich can afford something else, poor can not. Where it is not about about direct money, it is usually rich not poor who make decisions. If you have to pay for revocation, then it is not free certificate. It is just certificate with fees postponed. It is not the same thing. Not sure how you, but when I buy things I do not consider only initial price, but also additional fees. If we want SSL used everywhere, browsers need accept self signed certificates in less obtuse way or there need to be other way to get really free ones. Why was this downvoted? There are plenty of product like that. Once you have enough money to afford the thing, most products are the same for anybody. President buys the same skittles as anybody else, same kinder egg as anybody else, same Pepsy, same Game of Thrones book, same Mad Men dvd, etc. The difference between poor and rich is that President can buy also more expensive drinks (say fresh fruit) juice whenever he feels like and poor can not. Plus, both president and poor usually can buy also water which is in most cases both healthier and cheaper then coke. I do not mean it as criticism of coke, it is tasty for most people. However, it does not solve any problem I'm aware of. It is just that company manufacturing it was more successful in marketing wars. Until Bubba get serious illness or want to study or already have college debt to pay. Jobs that do not require college degree will not pay the above and if you have college degree you got that debt. So essentially, your Bubba inherited the above or is not exactly the norm e.g, he has business that does exceptionally well. Exceptionally well doing business is not the norm. Quote: "So yes, I understand why Mark is not getting the financial payoff here. Still, in all the hype in the press and elsewhere, shouldn’t the primary inventor of the technology at least be mentioned?" The article asks for credit, not wealth split. You can ear a lot of money by selling drugs to masse. Much harder to get that much by selling it to minors. Incentives are different in both cases. Plus, most people do not feel like they are doing something wrong using/selling little pot. It is just illegal, not "bad". It might be different with selling to minors. Pure masterpiece, our grandchildren will play this :)) It seems like someone believed her own bs. Article uses a lot of words to make situation sound as something entirely different then what it was. "I know I fired this person, but I considered that merely a technical matter. I thought we agreed it was the best option for all involved, allowing him to grow professionally elsewhere." Agreed as in employee did not put fight when he was informed of the decision? Good for both of them, but it is still firing. Feel good talk about "professional grow elsewhere" is just that. Might be even insulting to employee. Did she really expected the employee to buy it? "It never crossed my mind that he had been FIRED. We just reached the end of our partnership, for now. Time to move on for both of us." I mean, yes, they reached end of partnership by firing employee. He was not needed anymore. Nothing wrong with that, companies can not afford to pay people without giving them work. It is still firing. "I have always valued being open, honest and correct. Even if I wanted to, there's not much you can hide in a small business. So I embrace transparency to the full extent." No she does not. She tries to put spin around things to paint them rosier then they are. Then she acts all shocked when it turns out that employees are able read through euphemisms. EDIT: changed he to she since CEO in question is a women. Especially in the case of high level manager leaving voluntary, I would expect him to leave with proper few weeks notice. Giving company time to shift responsibilities to other people and all that. Spending day or two explaining things to whoever will take his place. Leaving right now should be nuclear option if you have no other choice or was treated very badly. I'm ok with taxpayer money going on research, I'm less ok with those taxpayer money being used to feed company sitting on monopoly. Any time you use your real name, real HR or potential employer sees what you did. I do not want my chance to find work be influenced by random HRs opinions on what google play games I rated or which youtube videos I have in playlist. Nothing really controversial there, but people tend to be judgmental about details. Forcing me to use real name means that I suddenly must be super careful about everything and control everything the same way as I control work. Not worth it. I agree too. Google tend to generate hard to use interfaces. Especially when you have small monitor, it is as if they did not eve tried them on such device. I through about this the other day. Not really who sells the tool, but who profits from all those failed startups. Maybe part of the answer are all tech/founders conferences, workshops, meetups etc. They are not tools in strict sense, but they are business around whole thing. Exactly. I'm not my friends and my friends are often very different then me. They often listen different music or play different games. I do not even want search results and suggestions to be ranked by previous signals from me, especially as it was implemented on youtube. I use them to find new things and styles, not to close myself into some ghetto defined by whatever I searched for first few weeks. I got curious about, say, folk songs and spend a week searching and watching them. It was temporary thing, but youtube insisted on suggesting them even as I was watching trance video two weeks later. When I want to see what I seen before, I search by name or use bookmarks. When I want to see what my friend like, I ask them or look at facebook. Search is for when I look for something new. The same with going out of the plane. There is no reason to join the crowd in the middle, especially if you checked your bags. The sooner you leave the plane, the longer you will wait on airport for bags. Google various sentences until you stumble upon something that contains the right search words. Then search for that right words. For example, the above link stack overflow question with "easing" in it would be pure gold. "politically biased security clearance process of the United States" Sounds interesting, have you links or can you described it in more details? I get smoke pot example, although not sure that it has left wing bias (right wing pot smoking is not that much lower - maybe they got caught less?)