Sun was already on life support when they tried the open source strategy. Their failure isn't related to open source. Those are your own definitions. open-source/free software is about the license, period. Then some people wants to add some romance around it but that is just their own opinion. What about Julian Assage? US laws shouldn't apply to him yet they want to extradite and trial him for things done outside US juridiction. > Having a “devops” team would feel like having a team called “agile team” or something - you do “devops”, you can’t build it. Too late. The industry has chosen to deviate the word. For years as a sysadmin I was arguing people that devops is a methodology and not a function. Now I have the Sr Devops Engineer title. I know I am still just a sys and platform engineer who's job is to facilitate life of developers but hey the industry insist on calling me devops, I have other fights more important than fixing my title and team name. I just tend to think that 20y ago people were relaying memes about sysadmins being motherfuckers who just randomly denied everything to clueless developers while the devops term emphases more the collaboration side. I hope the devs I work with are happy working with me, I sure have a good relationship with them. If that is being what the industry now choose to call a devops, I am a devops. I've worked in a company working in holacracy. Some people are more active or passive than others. Some people are more vocals than others. Some people have better social and negociation skills. In the end although there is no hierarchy per se, some natural leaders emerge, and they are usually best suited for the job than some managers who are clueless about what the team is doing because they still have to do the job and be accounted for. Some metrics always have to be implemented to make sure the teams fulfill their role. Metrics depend on the kind of role. As a sys admin team we were relying on uptime of the services we were managing. As a bicycle and old motorcycles user I am gobsmacked that so much people accept that the vehicule they are using is connected or regularly phone home to the manufacturer. I guess if you share all your life on facebook and instagram, why shouldn't you also give away all your errands to any third party. Is there at least a license agreement you are showned at and have to agree to upon delivery? Can you operate those vehicules offline by choice? Well all my bikes are "muscular bikes" for one thing, and I build most of them out of spare parts. And I haven't jumped on the electronic shifting band wagon either. I don't necessarily see all these technos as bad but I spend enough time in front of my computer and I want my bikes to stay part of the analog world. These kinds of features could, and should be optionnally usable by connecting your car to an open source self hosted server. There is no need to send everything to the manufacturer and a way to avoid that should be mandatory. I think this is a case of first world country arrogance of putting perfectly working things in the landfill just for the heck of it. I use a beamer instead of a tv but it is not complicated to dedicate a small computer like a gigayte brix or an old laptop and use the tv/beamer as the screen. Be it with kodi or using regular apps doesn't make a huge difference these days. With the advent of hidpi monitors, all modern OSes support scaling the icons/text/widgets so it is perfectly viewable from a few meters of distance. I use a wireless keyboard+trackpad combo as a remote which I leave out of the way inside my living room table when not in use. But if you are living with the current performance just fine, why do you have to seek a faster one. As long as I can work, play 2 concurrent movies while having videocalls at the same time, I don't see the point upgrading just for the sake of upgrading. Unless the security of my devices is at risk. Why would you want to cram 50 so called "smart" devices is the real question. Is your quality of life improved by having your lightbulbs and switch connected to the internet. Why do you need sensors at all? My home is completely analog, like I even have to operate my windows blinds manually. I have lived in a totally connected and electrified house and I didn't view any improvement in my quality of life. Only downsides when the power grid had an issue. I don't know any website that uses facebook as its only way to authenticate. I never use the usual suspect for authentication, always choose the regular account option tied to an email address. That is what password managers are for anyway. Have had 2 kids in the last decade in Switzerland and we only had a visit or two and it was mostly about providing councelling, not helping you in your daily task as a proper kraamzorgster. Keep in mind that these kinds of systems are not necessarily compatible with some cultures/usages. My gf has a friend who is leaving in the Netherlands and was getting crazy about having that krammzorgster around in the house all day long while her mother was already here for a few months. It looked like it isn't even optionnal and they couldn't just tell her to go elsewhere. They are mexicans. As a user, I have yet to find an electron app I have tested and kept using. There are many tools available as electron apps that I have to use for my daily job that I prefer running in a browser window instead of the buggy electron app such as teams or slack. And I don't see any downside in using the website instead of the electron app, quite the contrary in fact. Even on mobile there are some tools that I prefer to run on the browser, mostly for better control of my privacy. If you develop on the web, develop on the web. If you want to build desktop app, develop your apps like desktop apps. Users will thank you. man synecdoche Hmmm, pulseaudio volume control allow me to change the volume and device used for every single source (app, firefox tab...) I am running. Don't mistake "people using adblock" with "I don't have a valid business model". Adblock users are a minority among people browsing the internet. As an avid cyclist too, I think the biggest misunderstanding is you mentionned "trail", which you are probably confusing with "non paved path". That Bike Shaped Object mentionned up there would totally be destroyed in a few hours of riding any challenging trail at a decent speed. The fork would bend and lockup itself, the brake pads would be dead before reaching the bottom of the hill. Another problem with buying such a lowend bike online is they are very often badly assembled. You might find quickly that it becomes noisy because some parts were installed without enough grease, or components may become nearly impossible to remove because of oxydation when it will become time to replace them, and it may just be unsafe because something hasn't been torqued to spec. I once had a thorough look at these kind of bikes and a sticker on the fork clearly stated it was not really rated to be used off road. Thanksfully the CE norms have been done so that bicycles do not explode on potholes filled roads so even a bike not made for off-road is made to survive common abuses on and off the pavement. My biggest issue with these kind of cheap e-bikes with stupid barely functionnal gimmicks such as (badly) suspended fork and chinese low end electric system is they often turn very quickly to the landfill because something end up being non functionnal and the owner do not know how to fix it himself and which component to replace wit. So to the eyes of many what you really bought appears to be waste (or soon to be) which would have been better replaced by something that might last better. Take the same bike, replace the suspended fork with a steel rigid fork and remove the electronics and you have a bike that can be ridden for years with decent maintenance. But how many people will do that instead of sending it to the landfill and replacing it with the same shit when it gets to this point? Having said that the good thing with cycling is you don't have to have the newest more expensive bike to enjoy riding and as long as you do it within the capabilities of the bike. And suprisingly a bike can be operated for long while being in a very bad state as long as speed is kept low, squeaking and grinding his way to your destination. If you would literally pay for an amazon filter, why don't you put your money where your mouth is and buy from dedicated shops? Initially because I hate monopoly but also because looking for something decent on amazon is a major PITA I avoid amazon for nearly everything. If I need a computer, I buy direct to the vendor or to a computer shop. If I need new bicycle parts I go to an online bikeshop, if I want a new sampler groovebox, I go to a store selling home studio gears. Well this isn't totally true as I now favor second hand stuff but the reality is Amazon is not very effective at offering you the best things, and not even at the best price. Most online shops nowadays offer shipping time on par with what you get on Amazon. In then end I don't see any good incentive to use Amazon. Some people will say centralized market place but if searching a decent product takes much more time than finding a good specialized store and getting decent product quickly you haven't really gained anything. Single account for all your shopping? Many shops offer buying without creating an account. Others will allow you to seamlessly create the account at ordering time and password managers make it easy to manage multiple accounts. Nearly all of them allows Paypal/Google/Apple pay among other. This is definitely not what I would call obscure 3rd party. Figuring out wether ticking or not ticking the box usually involve knowing how to read. And as I said many of them allow for guest access without any account creation. Which is the reason they are bought by the truckload. It is akin to an android tablet without the terrible android game ecosystem. As a parent I am happy to have chosen the switch for the following reason: 1. Kids can carry everywhere, like they can play in the plane when going on holidays. 2. They don't have to monopolize the main family screen every time they want to play, yet you can still play in the living room. 3. It cost a lot lower than a playstation or xbox 4. Most games have a decent and long enough offline gameplay, keeping my kids away from being online and be exposed to harassment 5. It is not on a phone, so they don't have to own a phone or use mine. On the cons side it is way to fragile and has been replaced once. Note: my kids are 8 and 11 and not heavy video game players. They don't have free access to the console, which mean they didn't develop addiction yet and they can spend literally weeks without gaming. Exactly, I see the very same reusal of IP on all platforms. For parents nintendo is a guarantee of having access to games made for kids. There are certainly comparable games sold for Playstation and Xbox lines but the price range and advertized games show they are targetting adults. Parents of young kids would tend to stear away naturally. They use the word big the same way people started saying Big Pharma. To put people selfhosting at home in opposition of using huge companies. I think it depends what kind of work you do and if you travel a lot. Pre/post pandemia are also different for a lot of people. A lot of people are now working 100% at home in a dedicated office and could only use a desktop while they used to move from meeting to meeting with their laptop prior to the pandemic. Others were travelling a lot from conf to conf and customers. Some still do a lot of customers on site work. There are many use-cases. Anyway a laptop becomes a desktop by plugging it's usb-c port to your docking station so there is very little downside appart from being subject to throttling when doing heavy cpu stuff to using one instead of a desktop. Which not everybody is subject too, mostly only people compiling stuff on their laptop. I personnally spend most of my time in my office at home with dual screen but I like to move to the living room when attending conferences, in my rooftop when it is not to sunny or in the kitchen to have a chat with my gf while grabbing a tea when she is at home and I am waiting for a job/whatever to complete so a laptop is still nice to have even when working 100% from home. You can still do a lot of great work and have decent screen by just focusing on second hand stuff. I never bought a personnal laptop as new and right now my main laptop is one I bought from my previous company when leaving. The bonus is usually once you get them they are already fully supported and stable on Linux. It only costed me 375 euros. It is not a high end model, but a mid range (Lenovo E580) from a few years ago that was specced with the fastest i7 cpu and with as many ram (32GB) as supported. It is not Macbook M1 whatever fast/nice but for me it is still pretty much current. I cringe when people say they cannot work with 1080p screen but the reality is you are perefectly comfortable on them as long as you don't know better. This is something I have learned with different domains, not just computing but also sport equipment, music hardware. You don't necessarily miss the new tech until you tried it and you are not necessarily less productive, comfortable, creative or competitive on older tech, only expectations changes. But once you tested the new drug sure it is hard to come back. Who listen anything on speakers anyway? When travelling I will always use headset, when hooked to docking it uses my home studio monitor speakers and if I want to listen to watch a movie in the bed or a show in my kitchen it is paired to my Bose bluetooth speaker. Well terminology is important depending on who you are talking to. Some governments may call that trail but riding down a black track at Whistler or Champery is different than just riding along on a non technically challenging gravel road/path. Besides, trail bike is a term used by the bicycle industry for a category of bikes that are much more capable than a cross-country mountain bike on challenging terrain and downhills while not being as much extreme as a Downhill bike with double crown forks which are pigs uphill. As for your other question it really depends on the kind of e-bike. Well integrated e-bike from bigger companies have the engine in the bottom bracket area so you can't remove that and the battery is usually so integrated inside the frame. Most cheap e-bike like yours, if it is the same as the one I see on the viribus website, are regular cheap alu frame on which they have strapped a battery on the standard 2 bolts usually dedicated for the water bottle holder cage and the engine is on the rear wheel. So the frame is pretty standard in that regard. Remove the battery and swap the rear wheel for a regular rear wheel and you have a conventional very entry level hardtail. I cringe every time I hear the US president being described as the leader of the free world, as if there were 2 specific sides and USA were leading it and as if USA was an advocate for freedom. > Docker is successful in part because it punts library versioning and security patches and distro maintenance to a third party. Not only do you not have to worry about these things (but you should!) now you might not be able to even do anything if you wanted to. This is a very restricted view. Besides this article is about building your own images, not using existing ones. Main issue to me is that in my experience unless I put the phone on the dash (where it can easily overheat in summer unless I put it right on the aircon vent) the phone doesn't grab the gps satellite signal that easily. I have always been a bit dubious about e2e encryption on whatsapp especially seeing how the forward message feature work. Example: upload a few minutes long video to a whatsapp contact, depending on your phone connection it can take up to a few minutes. Then forward it to other contacts or group and it is done instantaneously. For the videos and images to be sent and retrieved instantaneously by my contacts when forwarded while I am using a crappy connection it means they are retrieved from some whatsapp servers which means there is at least some kind of man in the middle proxy-cache stuff involved. I certainly cannot do the same on other apps I have used doing e2e encryption. On deltachat, atox, jami I have to send back again the data. While inconvenient when using a bad connection I am willing to get the tradeoff to have no mitm on any server. Anyone can share if there is a similar forwarding function on Signal? From my experience, the nextcloud android app autosync features are unreliable while I never had this problem on syncthing. Not really multiplatform though. Opensource clients exists but they could break anytime from some MS changes. That's wrong. Linux works for myriad of usecases the same way that windows and macos do. And it sucks at a fraction of other ones but windows and macos do too suck big times at other things. The difference with my grandmother and most average people is she hasn't been forced through school and work to the windows or mac ecosystem. She wasn't used to software x and y. When she asked how to do things, she didn't have any preconceptions. Resistance to change is the main deterrent to people. Most people used to amiga or atari suffured when they had to learn windows. Most people are struggling a bit when switching to MacOS, I sure do as well. The difference is you seallow it easily because you actually bought a freaking expensive equipment and feel forced to get used to it. While if you are just a format + reinstall away from windows you will just not have the patience to dedicate the time to discover the UI, shortcuts and softwares to achieve the same thing but with a slightly different workflow. If anything, Linux and the BSD have never struggled from unsolvable usability or compatibility issues, provided the hardware was chosen carefully, they struggled because they are free, are installable on commodity hardware already sold with other OS and thus aren't taken seriously. I don't agree either. I have been using Linux as a primary desktop for 24 years and I don't have any major issue. I have a lot however, when I am using a Windows computer. Gaming on computers is such an edge case for a tiny fraction of the population, the hardcore gamers. Most people simply don't even have a powerful enough computer to run AAA games anyway and buy a playstation, xbox or switch to play games. And I always had fun playing hedgewars on linux with some friends, thank you. It is funny you mention drivers because: - printing and scanning on my fedora laptops is a totally flawless and transparent experience, only requiring at the beginning to install a package which was pretty quick using gnome software. Doing the same on the windows laptop of my girlfriend required spending 10 minutes getting the correct driver on the manufacturer website, installing the drivers including a ton of random unneeded software, rebooting the laptop and now everytime she wants to print anything she gets some annoying popup windows. - the prior scanner I used for 25y before moving country was still perfectly supported on my linux distributions while the last available driver for windows was for windows 2000. Better hardware support from Linux actually allowed me to use my scanner more than 10y longer than if I had been using a Windows or Mac. Some exotic hardware may not be supported at time of release on linux but all in all if you do your homework before shopping there is no issue. Dunno I consider myself a minimalist (my living room is basically a sofa, a coffee table, hifi and a beamer) and my coffee table is made of wood pallets found in the street. Still I don't consider I am living in minimalism because I am not living alone and I leave alongside a ton of shit from my gf and kids. The living room is basically my only minimalist space in the appartment. I won't go into the PC/MacBook debate but there is a thing about having less, but expensive and durable products, than tons of shit that keeps breaking down and being replaced. That's usually the point. I´ve moved something like 12 times in my life, as a kid, as a young adult, maried man with kids, now divorced one with shared custody. I've lived in studios, appartments, houses, most rented but 2 owned. My conclusion is whatever space you have you might end up using all of it and only because it is available, not because you are using all that shit. I got back to renting close to a large city center because I wanted to get rid of cars and be able to go anywhere with my bicycle, have the kids walk to school , to their friends place or outside without me having to drive them left and right. Leaving in family do not mean you need so much things/space, hobbies don't have to require space. Also a lot of things can be shared with neighbors. I think what is wrong is telling people they will earn cash while the electricity bill will make so that only Norton will get money instead. All this while increasing global warming and energy waste. It may be opt-in but there is just nothing good in it. Huge in money because gamers spend a tons of money on hardware and games. It is not huge in term of % of computing users. Most computers sold are tablets and laptops without any decent GPU. Most people cannot run less than 10y olds AAA games (and many of those usually works well on linux with proton anyway). Aren't developers always using the same version and blindly downloading and running malicious code doing the same thing, running a single version? Only those were harmed. And by harmed it was just really a bunch of tests runs failing, I guess no production workload was impacted by that jerk move. To write and merge code to Marak's version DABH has its own copy so your question makes no sense. Marak could decide to make his repo disappear it doesn't make the local or hosted repos of other contributors disappear. It seems that github managed to distort your mind into thinking that git was no longer a decentralized cvs. Most people don't even know the size of their laptop drive. Only measurement they know is if it is full or not, and it can even take them time to realize this. I don't see where it is not ethical. At any point you can decide to pursue or stop maintaining the code and anyone can decide to fork and take over. It is just naive to think you will always find fun in working on it or pretend you might make a living out of it unless you have a strong business plan. As said earlier, this is a sentiment that is not socially accepted, so you will have a hard time finding examples or people admitting to it. I have 2 daughters, I love them but in hindsight if I had to start over I don't think I would have kids. And it is not necessarily about the money. I realize I give up waaaay to much of my own needs and freedom. It may just be also about how I am. While many people will tell their kids to litterally go fuck themselves (well with different words) while they are watching football or leave them unattended while they go for a bicycle ride, I am one of those who will never say no when my daughters ask me to play or require assistance for some creative stuff. Yes I enjoy doing stuff with them but I'd rather go for a bicycle ride, play music or do carpentry. Thanksfully there are a few things we have in common, like playing basketball. Now that I am divorced and we share custody of the girls, it makes it feel somehow harder, as I can't just get away from my ex-wife. There is always something to negociate/organize. Thanksfully the pandemic has opened a lot of possibilities regarding work from home so I could change employer without having to move to another place but I'd rather use the remote work possibilities to become a digital nomad and travel all over the world. I would also be happy living in a camper moving from place to place every few weeks/months. Having kids while being separated from their mother makes it impossible. > Many, many middle aged people with families actually say they prefer the office because it's impossible to get any work done at home with 4 kids The kids are supposed to be at school pretty much during the same office hours, so I am not sure what you mean. There may be more or less 1 hour of overlap in the morning and late afternoon but that's about it. Morning is usually the times I go through my emails and schedules so I can do that while the kids are taking breakfast and preparing themselves, when they come back home I give them a snack and ask them to do their homework. Sure there is the occasionnal arguig between each other but that is only covering a tiny fraction of my work time. I definitely trade that tiny parenting time against commuting time and I'd rather be at home than finding out they burned the house while I was at the office. It is the ethical problem of those companies, not of the people writing the original code. > The thing that matters most is what the npm project points to, since it is relied on by other packages and apps. And it doesn't really matter that much because the NPM people can decide to make it point somewhere else wherever they want, or people can decide to create a new package name on NPM and use that new name on their package.json file. So Google liberated kubernetes under the Apache License 2.0. Many companies are now relying on it for their workload and we see contribution from other big companies as well. Are you saying that it would be unethical if Google find out they'd now rather work on something newer/better, and stop having engineers contributing to it? I think you are mistaking the GPD Pocket 2 Max with the non Max version. The Max version has a real touchpad while the GPD Pocket 2 has that tiny thing on the upper right. I have the GPD Pocket 2 and while the trackpoint thing is not the most precise you get used to it and I have no complaint to do regarding the hardware. It just works. My first computer connected to internet was the family Pentium 100Mhz with 64MB of ram that ended up retired by my father for a much powerful athlon whatever. It used to run Windows 98. I inherited that one and immediately ditched the Windows 98 as it couldn't allow me to listen to music while browsing and use an office apps, audio was stuttering all the time. This is actually the reason I started using linux. I remember internet was usable at 100Mhz back in the days, I could play some videos (obviously at a much lower res, I was using a CRT). The funny things is some of the apps mentionned here already existed at the time so it resonnate with my experience, although back in the days I tended to prefer apps running on terminals unless it was absolutely necessary. Emails, music player, I was a terminal for all of that. My computing life was not that different than today bar the videos resolution increase. And the web wasn't less interesting or usable. It is incredible how crap internet has become that we can't reasonnably think we can browse it comfortably on what would have looked like a supercomputer at the time of my 100Mhz Pentium. Some people like Gnome. I like using gnome on my Lenovo Yoga as it is as efficient being keyboard driven as it is using the desktop as a tablet. I think there is a case about using day to day the product they want to improve, but there is also a case about knowing how competitors are doing it. The hardest part I think is working and sharing work 2 different systems at the same time. Not that the technical solutions do not exists, but muscle memory will always make that one system end up feeling unbearable and it might not because it is worse but by resistance to change. It all comes down to the time you are willing to dedicate in learning something new. For most of the stuff that runs on windows and mac there are alternatives on linux, some equal, some worse, some better. I have been mostly a linux users for years. I still have one laptop with a dual boot on windows...for only one use case: music production. Not because there are no music production software available, not because they aren't good, quite the contrary there are fairly decent tools both opensource and proprietary, but because I don't know them well. I only do music as a hobby in my free time and so far I have been too lazy, or more interested in producing music than learning a new workflow. I admit it is mostly about laziness and time to dedicate to something new. I intend to correct that because I don't want to feel forced to use windows, which I mostly hate for anything else, for that. I don't see vanilla kurnetes as complex. It is the whole ecosystem around it that is complex, especially as there are no 2 setups done the same way. Also each third party operator has its own set of pros/cons/limitations/learning curve. This is the reason when you follow a tutorial about how to publish application X using helm on your local kubernetes minikube/k3s whatever setup on your own laptop usually works fine but just doesn't necessarily translate quickly to deploy a production ready working app of your own on your company's managed k8s setup. Nowadays the content is an or embed product placement itself so even if you don't see/hear an ad you are exposed to advertising content when watching/reading/listening to anything. Also before powersteering manufacturers had to do a compromise between ease of use and available grip. Parking a car with wide tires such as a 70's/80's supercar was a real workout. Hence many cars of that era without powersteering had narrowish tires and thus very poor available grip and emergency braking efficiency. Powersteering has allowed cars to have much more available grip and it is not a inherently a bad thing although it comes with its downsides too. Mainly fuel efficiency and overconfidence issue. I wish these kind of cars with touch screen could be optionnally equipped with controllers on which user could assign and customize whatever function they want. Something similar to midi controllers for DAWs full of knobs, buttons and sliders. Search 'Akai midimix' to get an idea if what I am thinking at. > Lutris, PlayOnLinux, Proton, etc. are all really cool. But, if you value your time and security, just keep a dedicated Windows system for gaming. I keep all the things I actually care about or don't want stolen on my Linux system with full drive encryption and I keep a gaming PC that has absolutely nothing I care about on it. The Windows system is never allowed to access my email, credit cards, or anything I care about in any way. I agree with the part about running a dedicated system for gaming. I do the same but for creating music (I am not gaming). On the other hand you don't need to do that on Windows so these tools still are useful. I will add that if you have network segregation and firewalling between your main computer, your dedicated setup (gaming, whatever....) and the potential iot things running in your house it is even better. You can't ask people to use a driving aid and not end up less focused. With advertising, "infotainment" (which is really disguised entertainment), music, oustide environment and passengers it is already hard for a driver to focus on his driving. You can't expect any human being short of people paid for that to keep hands brushing the wheel and feet ready to slam the brakes. Having said that I am not sure most people are safer for cyclists and pedestrians. FSD is in such a bad state right now that the tesla is driving in the streets at the speed 80y old people do. What I saw in a video is a car that drive at a similar pace to a cyclist, it is even much slower in the crossing sections. I don't really understand the fuss about lan port. If you are using a cable, you are probably not anymore in a mobile situation and most of the time you connected the laptop to a usb-c docking station as you also want to plug a screen, keyboard, external pointer, etc. I wouldn't call that "a lot". It is more niche use nowadays and for these kind of use one usually prefer a dedicated tool. Nowadays the datacenter guys would favor a mini laptop like the GPD Micro PC (which also comes with serial port by the way) for example, people working in the field would rather use Panasonic Toughbook lines that also kept serial ports and ethernet. It would be nice if Lenovo still had one or two sturdiers models available with similar I/Os but it makes no sense to have them on all models. For us occasionnal users just having one of those 5 in 1 adapters in the laptop bag is enough. The thinner/lighter form factor is more comfortable most of the time and said adapter can be shared accross different devices. If I do the count I have 5 laptops in my own, 2 personnal, 1 professionnal, the other 2 are used by my partner and kids. I am very unlikely to need to hook a RJ45 cable on all these laptops at the same time. >There are >400 million monthly active Facebook users in Europe today [1]. It is pretty absurd to think that a substantial amount of them would prefer losing access to Facebook over an EU mandate, especially considering most people are likely aware at this point that Facebook is using their data. Most people who rely on it are business, and they stay in to compete with businesses who are also in it. If nobody has access to it they will just rely on other means, their own personnal website, other social medias that would fill the gap... Most individual would be annoyed at first as well, but then all end up migrating to the another thing once the dust settle. More than facebook, this would be more the loss of instagram and whatsapp that would annoy them but they would easily move to telegram and signal. Many non-tech people already have a telegram account for example but don't move out of whatsapp because they are all on it already. Nobody wants to be that guys asking anyone else to abandon the group and move to somewhere else just for the heck of moving. As for instagram, they would quickly switch to tiktok, snapchat or something else that fills the gap. I'd like to think open source and decentralized tool would have en edge but I am very doubtful it would happen. It is always easier to migrate to a single jail cell than being free. Anyway, Facebook/Meta has just filled a form to cover their ass. They aren't threatening to leave EU. If they have to keep and manage the data in EU they will find a way. It will just be costly and hurt their finances hence the obligation for them to mention the riskier route. Yet many also have a telegram account, some also have signal. There is no big move out of whatsapp because people don't see the advantage of moving. but if whatsapp had to disappear one day, people with already a telegram account would quickly redirect their relatives to it. I understand the founders are Terry Pratchett / Discworld fans from the name of the associations. For non french speakers, Deuxfleurs is the french traduction of the Twoflower character appearing in The Colour of Magic, The Light Fantastic and Interesting Times from Terry Pratchett's Discworld books series. You are supposed to look at the road when driving, not a screen full of album arts. Anytime you send something in utf-8 you send an mms if my memory is correct. SMS only works with ASCII and thus english language. I see it as a direct reference to the "for dummies" books. >I'm amazed at how the openbsd community seems to like calling people idiots. Nobody called anyone an idiot. You just missed the direct and obvious reference to the "Complete idiot guides to" series of books which are themselves a reference of the "for dummies" books. Well I am not find of his method, especially about doing a classification of people you would call friends. This is something I would hate to do and would hate feeling others put me in a drawer. On the other hand while local friends can be easy to reach, invite or bump into randomly maintaining long distance friendship is a lot harder to do and require actively looking for that relation to not die. It is ok not to talk to friends every month when they are living far away nor does it diminish your feeling towards them and the pleasure you would have to meet them even if it takes 10y to do so. However if you are not actively maintaining a relation, and that requires some additionnal efforts as it is not natural to reach for people you aren't bumping into every other week/month, you might simply lose trail. It is relatively easy to reach to someone who has social media accounts under his own name and never changed phone number. It requires a lot more of detective work to reach out to people who aren't active on social medias. I have lived in several countries and I had to resort to use linkedin to get back in touch with some of my friends and it can took months for them to reply as most people don't even log on linkedin on a regular basis unless they are actually looking for a job. Some of them I lost complete trail as I couldn't find any social media account either. So automatising your own reminders and force yourself to talk to people you might not reach out on a regular basis, because your local social circle already keeps you busy a lot, is not necessarily a bad thing, even if it feels forced. > How do you manage to lose touch with friends? Did you not miss them? Well yes you can not miss your friend for long period of time because they are far away and a large enough social circle keeps you so busy locally that your mind do not get the opportunity to feel it. Anyone who has been living in different areas/countries lost track to some real friends. There is always a moment when you feel you might want to reach out to them again but sometimes it is too late. Any decent government allowed you to print the qrcode. By the way were I live almost everybody has a smartphone but a lot of people just don't even knew where to find the correct app or how to get access to the covid euro passport from the app as a lot of people have been waiting for hours in front of the medical center to get their cert in paper. Many took a picture of it to present it from their smartphone later. Sounds stupid, you don't pay her salary by using firefox. Did you actually took the time to setup firefox to your liking once? From the above post it looks like you didn't. Pocket is pretty much invisible, especially if you remove the button from the toolbar. The only time I see mentions of the mozilla VPN is when I go to the configuration of an existing container and I see the option to integrate it to mozilla VPN. The problem is not to have a place where to put content, the problem is to have place so big where anyone can just create a new account in a few click without validation. I managed a web forum dedicated to one particular hobby. It was quite popular. Yet simply from spam management we disallowed auto activation of new account. We asked people to reply to a few questions in order to know a bit more about them and their intents. Yes we probably lost a large number of potential users but we actually got the users that were really motivated and not thousands of shadow accounts waiting for activations by bots as before. I guess it wouldn't be out of question for a platform that allow anyone to put content to ask for a mandatory copy of the ID of the user as well as a receipt for a electrical bill or something proving where they live in order to be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. All these measures can be defeated but the amount of content to moderate would be in a much lower scale than when you allow accounts with random names and no validation. By knowing who your users are, where they live and be able to report them to their local authorities if they post bad content. There would still be things to moderate, and people beating the validation system but the traffic of content to moderate would be much lower. You are taking this backwards. - there are more fonts without ligatures than there are fonts with ligatures. - every single OS I can think of include by default a monospace font that do not support ligatures. - there are still a huge amount of terminals which do not support them. - for almost any font that has ligature there is a variant without ligature - there is virtually no way to end up with ligatures without actively looking to get ligatures. - any terminal/editor that supports ligature has a setting for that. - most people do actually like ligatures which is the reason they use those editors/terminal/fonts and want those activated by default. Compare that to browsers having more market share and firefox isn't any more intrusive or less focused at being useful. Chrome is totally shitty in stock form as well unless you love ads and don't care about privacy. It is not like every update break everything. They did one major update that broke a number of extensions and they didn't even do it without prior announcement and time for extensions developpers to adapt them. Appart from them those are tiny changes. You can use one of the forks such as librewolf or any other fork which comes with a firefox already tuned with a more privacy oriented focus. Creative Commons licenses aren't open source licences. Your phrasing is misleading. They are however copyleft as they allow for redistribution and modification and this is the word you should be using. Not everybody got 802.11ac at home already and most people are fine with 802.11n speed for their personnal usage. I would say this is irrelevant for a large fraction of the population. Also not everybody need declarative configuration, especially when talking about a monodevice scope. And a lot of people only get a new access point when they either receive a new router from their providers or change providers. This is not uncommon to have the same wireless access point for a decade or so and people are generally fine with it. Also most people don't even know there are different revisions of the wifi standard and if you say 802.11 they will just look at you with clueless eyes. I am not saying it is ok for any OS to not support it but it doesn't necessarily affect everyone's life. Some work is done on that front though: https://wiki.freebsd.org/WiFi/80211ac I lived in Valais for years without knowing that story but it sure is a good one :-) Well in the case of last name unless those dead peoples was the last one standing with the surname there is always the possibility of a descendant or someone from a different branch of the family name tree commiting bad things. Add to that some people sometimes decide to give a famouse surname as a firstname for their kids. There is a non negligible number of people sporting the Lafayette, Napoleon, Lincoln as first name for example that could do something bad anytime. Edward Shishkin has been the main maintener of reiser4 for years. I guess it is a way to say that the business model is probably not right and they won't last long. But what do I know, I never launched a product. I haven't came accross a single rar file for years. Last was when I was a teenager in the mid/late 90's downloading pirated games/app. Then call it weboob. I am already out --> [] The functionnality of a scrollbar is provided by the touchpad, mouse with wheels , pageUp/Down and search tools so I have never missed it. I don't really understand why you would want to click to have focus on a window. How many times do you really use that ≡ "burger" menu button of firefox in a day really? And after how many times do you end up having learned the keyboard shortcuts? There are only a handful of them that don't have a keyboard shortcut. I don't know a single UI accessible with a keyboard that do not accept Home/End. afaik ctrl+shift+b show/hide you the bookmark toolbar. I think there is none for the ≡ menu nor for settings* which is sad but most submenus are covered. I actually wish I could unmap or change the inspector menu shortcut (ctrl+shift+c) as I often use it by mistake if trying to copy/paste stuff from browser to my terminal. * I actually do ctrl+t then type pref and find preferences in the history usually instead. On those very same program (vim/neovim) come to my mind there are specific shortcuts to go to the start/end. Didn't know that, never came accross one. Not sure I understand the reasonning about adapting an UI for shitty hardware though. Vote with your wallet damit. For a feature you use once every other week/month I don't see it as a resignation. Don't see the point from a UI perspective to show me everything, including features I may never ever use, each time I want to access features used on a more frequent basis. Doubt that, I know they exist. I don't know I don't use it. Is it so hard to have just one portion of wall with a neutral color in one's home office setup? I work in different part of my home, but I dedicate one small space for video calls, where I stand, not sit. It is designed to provide a plain background. If I didn't have a wall at my disposal I would have installed a white ikea roller window blind on the ceiling. It is much more effective than any blurring/background replacement algorithm. You choose to work from home, you choose to welcome work in your home. The good thing is you still have the liberty to limit and design the small part of the home you are welcoming your coworker's in. My linux and freeBSD desktops at the time were faster/more responsive than my win2k one and I have plenty of choice for apps that would use less memory. It is silly to compare to todays requirement. Nowadays system use more memory because we have more available. That's the problem with this kind of things. They mostly attract people interested in tech, but those kind of people are usuallt already working in tech. As much as I love those things, the last thing I want when I lock my laptop is start coding and fiddling with electronic devices. I either have to take care of the kids or go for a bicycle ride, spend time with my partner, have a beer or the sea/beach or all of the above and in no particular order. I need so much to be outdoor when I finish my work day I barely find time to make music although I love doing that. The people who could do that are the people who have time to spend hours watching Netflix series but usually they are the lazy type and not interested in that kind of things. Unless it is used by a school most of those things end up in drawer not to be used again. You know those features can be easily disabled right? I never got any ad on firefox. Usually if you have a working freebsd system you know the handbook exist and you refer to it for that kind of instructions. Even my grandmother who used her first computer late in her seventies knew how to do that on linux. I've been working in companies that use office 365 for the last 4 or 5 years and I had no problem working with office documents either using the office 365 web apps or libreoffice on linux. Well not exactly turn key solution but you can do a lot with a self hosted elasticstack instance. I guess you might be able to do interesting dashboards with grafana. Usually when you sell your old phone you give away your old charger. All the people around me only have one crappy old cables whose housing start to separate from the usb connector from years of use. I tend to be the exception in the sense that I am the clumsy one of the group who keeps dropping, losing or breaking his phones and have bought other devices that requires usb-c cables. More than the look, I'd be more worried about going over the bars at the first deep pothole. On the other hand Nintendo never pried the NES, SNES, original gameboy and gameboy advances and N64 from its customers hands. Internet started being centralized when companies started making decisions instead of keeping it collegial and use IETF RFC's. Business companies all strive to get monopolies, hence they build things to capture consumers. Same companies are more attractive than open standard because making things not interoperable is more agile/faster as you can break things whenever you want. Thus companies build more attractive things to the users and users get captured in those shiny gold plated cells. Nintendo isn't bricking it. It prevents firmware from being downgraded. That is a bit different. Most of my services are at home in a dedicated lan but I still have one vps server that is used as a reverse proxy and which forward everything via a tunnel. The OS itself doesn't need much maintenance. I have set up auto updates and auto reboot on a regular basis. And you know what? Distros do their job very well and it just works. We are talking home service, I can deal with (less than) 5 minutes of downtime once in a week. I use rhel derivated distro which means major disruptive upgrade are only dealt with once every n years. I may choose an immutable distro in the future when support ends though. Rotating https certs? Certbot makes automatic rotation easy. ssh? What is the deal? You set it up basically once. Add a bit of port knocking if you want more silent logs. To add a bit of security, set up crowdsec, fail2ban. Again, these tools do not require a lot of maintenance. Most of the burden of maintenance comes from the management of the apps/services you want to have live. PaaS won't really help you much with that. SaaS tend to be expensive or lock you, they help if the service you want to maintain is complex. I don't think that is the case for the services described in the OP: static websites, git and backups. There are traps though. For example should you run containers to easily maintain certain services or use the distro packages? You can argue that containers whom upstream project provide image for allows you to easily upgrade any service. I can switch from any postgresql version in a snap for instance. However while it is easy to track and set up auto update a major version using a tag, you might want to be more cautious with major versions bumps. And this keeping informed with the various upstream project, know when and why to do major upgrade, what are the impact and potentially maintenance task of any major release upgrade. This is the hardest part. Sometimes it might be best forgetting about using upstream container for some services and sticking to the version supported by your long term maintenance distro that does the job of backporting any security patch to have that peace of mind. You can still run it as a container, but using the distro packages. That is what I do for databases for example. A much cheaper and better solution is to use an opensource OS that use Sane. I ditched it 2y ago when I changed country but I have been using an old usb scanner whose latest drivers were only installable on windows ME and 2000 for years on my different linux distros. If you don't want to use linux as your main OS, most virtualization solutions support USB forwarding and shared folders which allow one to scan on a vm and get the files directly on the host OS. I don't think the task is hard but it requires patience as nothing is more complicated but you need to learn to do everything in a somewhat different way. Despite being a sysadmin I have always been clear with my partners that I would never provide support for their windows computer. If they were willing to switch to linux they could and I would help them, otherwise they were on their own. I never tried forcing anyone. Might look extreme but after a day of work I didn't want to fight an OS/ecosystem I hated for its lack of transparency while I could rest or spend quality time. When I was married to my first wife we had only one computer that I configured with dual boot so she sometimes used my linux to browse something when I had it open as she didn't care about rebooting and thus ended up curious. After some kind of frustration on windows she started learning a bit deeper how to do things on Linux (I was using slackware at the time!). The thing is she was unemployed at the time so had plenty of time to learn. She was also interested in illustration and we were simply too broke to buy the Adobe Suite so she started using sodipodi and then its fork inkscape that weren't initially ported on windows and gimp. Later on when we divorced she kept that computer as I had purchased a laptop. I have lost contact now but 5y later she told me she had been given a faster one from friends and had replaced the windows that came with it with an ubuntu. My 2 subsequent long-time partners never did the switch. I believe the difference is not that they are more clueless about computer but with kids and/or a job it leaves little time to dedicate on learning something new despite all the frustration and swearing they get from their windows computer. Current partner is frustrated a lot as her windows 10 simply takes ages to boot and be usable so she sometimes borrow the laptop I dedicate to my daughters which runs on Fedora when she want to consult something quick. Main barrier I guess is the data she already has on the original computer which I patiently wait for it to die or she throw it through the window. I did an exception with my no support rule to set up some backups so she doesn't lose anything when it will happen I don't think it is a usable way to make a european grasp that. Analog clock or not, for all of us 12 is 12 only at noon, otherwise it is 0. The Ante Meridian / Post Meridian explanation works better. Still, it is a fucked way to say time. By the way 24h analog clocks exist too. We do but 12 is noon for us, otherwise past 11:59 in the evening it goes back to 0. The problem with that explanation is it doesn't make it more logical that 12:59am is one minute before 1:00am. > It seems like KDE and Plasma is the place where look and feel is constantly but incrementally refined; Every time I see a comment like that, I try again KDE, only to leave it 15 minutes later because it is a huge mess. Everytime I try configuring the panel to my liking nothing goes where I want to and I end up with widgets everywhere. No only a small number exists but most are still 12h analog clock. Anyway that is not really the problem, we just learn from being kids that 12 is only valid for noon otherwise it is implicitely 0 as the next one is 1 anyway. And, at least in my country, we rarely say 12 as we use our words to say midnight/noon. software patents are a USA thing only. They don't sue because they can't sue. Software patents aren't valid in europe. "Whether it's Netflix, games, Office/Photoshop, obscure drivers, whatever... I can just run an app and expect it to work, and if it doesn't, it's not my problem. I'll wait a while and someone else will fix it. I don't have to tweak obscure config files or apply patches or sideload package manager repos." I am not sure what you mean. I have been a linux user for the last 25years and I haven't had to apply any patch manually for the last 15 at the very least, nor looking for obscure drivers. A config file is the same as an option/settings menu, with the advantage that it is usually much better documented. Nobody told you that you can watch netflix on Linux as well as running games, use office and powerful photo editing apps as well? Adobe softwares can be replaced by other tools and their licensing these day make it something you don't want regardless of the platform it would run on. Office 365 works well enough on the web, calligra and libreoffice are compatible enough to make it a non issue. You can even upload and work on odf documents on office 365 these days. I like having 4k in the living room and I have a chromecast for that but I'd rather not have my gf and kids play 4k content while I am working at home and they all have 1080p or lower laptop screen anyway. You don't miss retina if you never used it. As for the rest of your experience, I guess it comes from poor buying skills. You don't buy a Dell to run MacOS on it. I purchase my laptops and hardware with linux compatibility in mind. Saying Linux UI is a poor windows 7 ripoff is a lie. I am actually one of the - usually silent - happy gnome 3 user and I think it is a superior desktop UI to anything Microsoft and Apple have produced so far. You get a very focused window without any distraction from unneeded icons and information everywhere and everything can be piloted quickly with the keyboard but also work flawlessly with a touch screen in tablet mode when I flip my Lenovo Yoga. Just buy hardware that is compatible from a start too. > This line of thinking baffles me. I should put up with subpar text-rendering and pixelated fonts and widgets because that's how we did things before? My fonts are fine thank you, and look much better than on the windows 10 that was provided to me initially by my employer. Now let's take an example. My employer sent me 2 1080p external displays for work. What would Retina on my laptop provide if I don't benefit from it on my external displays? Yes sometimes it is better not experiencing better/nicer technology if you can't afford or if your emplyer can't afford to equip all your devices with it. Otherwise you just get frustrated. I am not saying you should go back to CRTs and vintage techs. You like it or not, the market and world is not yet ready to provide affordable retina/4K/5K monitor/displays with decent refresh speed and latency in all sizes at prices anyone can afford. > The reason your experience is so good is because people find these bugs and fix them. Are you saying other OSes / apps ecosystems are bugfree? They are not. And the bug aren't necessarily fixed earlier than on free software. For instance, Windows has been virtually unusable in a non US/english only context for decades and they have never cared fixing the default keyboard layouts. On linux I don't have to memorize arbitrary ALT + 3 digits numbers to type common, daily used letters in my language, I just compose them easily from the default keys. I can name countless of people swearing every day because their app has bug, eratic behavior, crashes, all OS and software license included. > Let us look at Windows and macOS for a second here, and exclude Linux, because Linux (rather, Linux + your favorite DE) is realistically the issue [...] If you design around a given language for the most recent versions of a native OS, you'll never have issues. Both macOS and Windows include common libraries that map to their respective styles. That is a bold statement and largely not true. Most DAWs are only developed and maintained for Windows and Mac. Almost all of them are using their own set of widgets/gfx because they want control on their style and they want it to be the very same on both Windows and Mac. Their software is very specific and want their tool to look and feel like hardware, not a regular software. It is mostly about control. Linux doesn't have anything to do with that and any software maker can decide to only support GTK or QT, libwine or whatever toolkit it wants to use and stick with it. Linux users are used to run QT apps on Gnome or GTK apps on KDE, they are not the one that would complain and given the market share, the software companies are happy to give the middle fingers if they do so anyway. I now would have to take a plane to go to the office so I am now 100% remote but in my previous company they implemented hybrid for those who wanted and the idea was that the conference rooms were to be used for those being on site and the rest of the team would be remote. All rooms had been equipped with decent audio and camera that made the process seamless. People who wanted to be there 3 days a week or more could have a fixed office and leave belongings, other would have to reserve a shared one and work in a clean desk method. No company can expect having an hybrid system work without a little bit of investment and some decent guidelines. With so many space gained in the offices there is a lot of space to liberate to build more small conference rooms and some storage area for those who don't have a fixed desk but may wish to keep things on site. With more and more "office" workers working remotely there is less reliance on paper. I signed my contract digitally, never printed anything. But I sometime write on my desk to take quick notes (but don't bother using paper). Tell that to the homeless You can have a bank account and use cash. As mentionned in the article, some people use cash because they struggle with budgetting. They may get a specified amount of money from the ATM each week in their wallet and get an immediate visual clue of where they at in any moment. Using cash actually make you see the money going out. It is much more tangible than just numbers to a lot of us. We could probably think of other options, like having rechargeable money card with some kind of visual bar indicator showing the amount of money left but that is not there yet. Also as much as I like using my cards and phones for payments, they are really bad for privacy. All you payments get stored in a database waiting to be dumped, stolen and leaked. And it is not a matter of if but rather of when. European here. Back after WWII most european people, supported by the scientific community, agreed that the concept of race was not something applicable to human species. It is only used nowadays to talk about the breeding of particular groups of dogs, cats, cows and goats mostly. For us it all look weird and plain racist to hear race still being used in the US, including in official/administrative papers and law enforcement. We attribute that to a huge part of the US being reluctant to abandon segregation. I don't think anyone say racism disappeared. I only said there has been a general consensus that human races do not exist. That do not means people suddently like people of a different color, accept other cultures or want to see them express their due freedom of religion. And I think most of the racism was kind of hidden as something people would keep for themselves or in close circles. Trump has recently acted as some kind of enabler and we see a resurgence of far-right people in many european countries not being afraid of plainly expressing their hatred and politician and writers not being afraid of getting fined. I would say the future is kind of cloudy in many european countries right now and probably all over the world in that regard. We are kind of back in the 1930's, just with better tech. Never said you should be forced to use Linux. I was just mentionning that the days of patching and recompiling kernel and drivers to have a usable computer are long gone. I am not sure why everybody always mention Gimp as the only photo editing tool that work on linux. There are many other tools in the graphic edition/illustration and video production, including some proprietary ones. TBH, I have no idea how Ubuntu default desktop UI was a few years ago. I vaguely know they tried going with their own ideas with Unity, a desktop that was loosely based on gnome but without using gnome shell. Tastes are not universal anyway and I don't understand how you can stand a windows desktop if you are fine with a mac laptop. When I was given back a new laptop with windows on it by my employer, I tried to get used to it and like it. The font rendering is terrible, the ergonomic is bad, the virtual workspace aren't as seamless and quick to use, the software installation process is shitty, even with linux inspired tools such as chocolatey, making containers and virtual machines work with the cisco vpn was a major PITA and involved having powershell scripts being triggered in scheduled tasks by log events to get anything working. I reinstalled Fedora and was up to speed in a few minutes. As you said, to each their own. > It's worthless for trying to find an app. The descriptions are terrible and often misleading 2 notes: - the google playstore is even worse to find something and much more misleading. Hey you can't even sort out apps that include ads. - You usually get the necessary info quickly even though it might take an additionnal step. The project repo/website is always mentioned, you can consult it. But yes regardless of the store, sometimes it is faster to check for an app and eventually install it using a regular search engine and follow the "playstore/f-droid/iOS/direct apk link". > At least in English, the word "race" does not apply to animals, the word we use for them is "breed". Race is used exclusively for human beings. And in french "race" is direct traduction to "breed". The thing is mixing skin colors, physical features, cultures and possibly religious choices/origins to form a blob named race do not work at all. For example my girlfriend is mexican, her skin is maybe a little more brownish than the average mexican, thus she has been suffering from racism in her own country, hearing her mother saying she wished she had been more white, suffering discrimination during her studies, getting systematically refused entry in places such as dance clubs and generally being dismissed by "white mexicans". Now she lives in europe and whenever she meet another mexican, it doesn't really matter if he/she is whiter or browner than her. Being all away from their roots are all happy to see and share their common culture, talk about what they are missing (mostly about food ha ha) and they feel much more united than inside their own country. What about people with parents with white and brown skin colors. I often have a laugh when people mention someone looking no more brownish than the average south spanish being called black because he has a black father or mother. There are so many body characteristics, so many gradients. At which point of brownishness are you sliding from being white to black? So in a way they are part of a same whole but they can be destinguished at times. And some people having exact same skin color do not necessarily face the same kind of racism depending on where they live and what is the current culture. Racism suffured by black people in the US of A do not have the same characteristics as the racism suffured by black people in other parts of the world. Racism suffured by asian people has different charistics but then again is not the same depending on the country they live. A lot of people from Portugal, Romania, balkanic country suffer from a lot of discrimination and mockery here in europe even when they can't be mistaken physically, just because people figure out their origin another way. Racism is about creating groups based on arbitrary, unscientific, often fluid and tenous differences. Using the concept of race within a country, even with the idea to fight its effects such as running statistics, positive discrimination can only promote more racism. > That's useless advice. Even Webcams from laptops as older as 6 years still don't work under Linux. Anything which has an Intel webcam for example is almost guaranteed not to work, outside of perhaps a couple of popular models (like MS Surface devices, and then not precisely "out of the box"). I have 5 laptops on linux at home, all but one being from a "pro" line (ie Lenovo thinkpad, HP elitebook, Dell latitude, all have a working webcam. I'd say with the exception of fingerprint readers which I never cared to test all the functionnalities have been working from day 1. I think anyone is safe provided you buy profesionnal models, don't buy the latest and newest tech and avoid nvidia GPUs. Unless you blindly launch all apt-get call with the -y command it will ask you for confirmation before uninstalling anything. If you say yes, it is not an accident but 1. your own decision 2. it is easily reversible. Don't tell me a large part of the population, especially in the southern states, would not still agree with segregation if they were allowed to. And yes segregation still exist in modern american society: https://www.epi.org/publication/modern-segregation/ https://ideas.darden.virginia.edu/segregation-in-2020 https://www.salon.com/2021/06/26/modern-day-segregation-in-h... https://www.diversityinc.com/what-does-segregation-look-like... https://www.studyfinds.org/white-flight-segregation/ >Would you say that the percentage of French ethno nationalists is above 1% of the population? Sadly I would say yes. I never said Europe was more enlightened or superior. I merely said USA is still using the concept of race and it is mostly cultural due to its history. Which means racism/discrimination issues are treated under a vastly different pane of glass. And yes it is fucked up but racism/xenophobia is a global problem. I never said europe fared better but it seems like mentionning US as a european triggered something that make US people think their country is under attack and they should just enter into negationism mode. Calm down, it is not a US vs Europe thing. More an ackniwledgement that different cultures react differently based on their history. The idea is not to hide the message but to condemn it and motivate people to not do that. This is the reason justice system has the concept of prescription. You cannot be prosecuted for something that wasn´t deem unlawful in the past and even if there was already a law about it we can't condemn you if we failed to do so within a not distant past. It pretty much cover you in case meaning change over time. The tech is not the law. > Now it's much better targeted It works so well that we usually end up get ads for things we already bought and do not need anymore. Doh! > These people would certainly blanche if suddenly asked to pay the full ad-free rates for all the services they enjoy, especially because the average person's internet experience is being subsidized to the tune of hundreds of dollars a month by advertisers Seeing that most of the web content is accessed through procrastination which is usually an addiction pattern. I tend to think forcing people to pay the real price would make them consider better if what they consume is really worth their time and money and would make everyone's life much better. It is like modern transport. Most people use cars and plane for anything not because it is only faster, but because it is heavily subsidized to make them more affordable. In reality if we made people pay the real price for their transportation they would switch to more environment friendly alternative, better air, more liveable cities. Sure everything would be probably more expensive, less immediately accessible, but also immensely more enjoyable. > And finally it's also somehow internally contradictory. What would it take to have a world free of annoying ads? Well, people would still need to find out about services, You can do search without advertising. Also mouth to mouth is a multimillenium old tech but but still works a lot better than what google has ever proposed. You make it sounds like google and meta invented the internet or made it so much better by itself. Sure they open sourced a few technologies and steered some evolutions but I don't see anything immensely relevant. Problem basing on reviews is that people mostly only review when they receive and test the product for the first time. Not many will bother finding the item and review it n months ago when the bad capacitors dies or they gave up frustrated by a recurring but intermitent issue. You can do that with iptables if you don't need traffic to be encrypted between vps and internal server. I don't really see where the problem lied but whatever. Sounds strange to base a (free) software choice on a note in an installer. If it can be installed with chocolatey, it can be installed in an unattended way. I quite like the epiphany / gnome-web functionnality to create "apps" out of separate website. Too bad it doesn't work with msteams and I wish firefox had that function as well so I can still use my extensions on thoses. Dtrace, zfs and smf were nice but came too late but they are things that appeal the engineer, not the manager that sign the contracts. And Sun was already on life support when Oracle bought them. Sure there was still a lot of companies still using mostly solaris back then - I worked for 2 of them as a Solaris "expert" somewhere during last decade - but all of them already had projects running about replacing Solaris for more cost effective redhat, even those that bought exadata racks. "expert" meaning I was still one of those survivors still young enough to be still willing to work in an operation team and having more than 5 years of experience administrating Solaris and AIX shit. I must say I loved the integration of zfs with gnome2's nautilus back then on opensolaris. I used it for a while as my daily driver at home. The real lesson I make of it is that we shouldn't use a cloud product or SaaS if vendor do not allow customer to request recovery or prevent the customer to manage its own backups. I know git is decentralized and no code is ever lost but github is so much more than git. Backups aren't mean to recover from outages. They are also, and I would even dare saying mostly, used to recover from human mistakes. If the vendor terms and conditions don't allow this, github is not a production ready solution. Being open source doesn't mean the people running the public searx instances aren't tracking you. Self-hosting makes you lose all the benefits of proxying. In the end be it ddg or searx you can only rely on some third-party trust. Apparently in Mexico it used to be the case 5years ago but nowadays you can't rely on Uber either anymore if you are a woman and you don't want to just be a dead raped corpse the next morning. Source: mexican gf and her family still living there. Not sure if the issue comes from Uber not giving out drivers info, drivers blaming someone borrowed their car but not disclosing identity of supposed borrower or police not even asking but it seems to be the true reality. Also a quick google search shows there are occurences of this in the USA as well. The fact the driver may be charged and found guilty after that sadly do not prevent the crime from happening in the first place. I never had to use gcc or git to poay hedgewars or any other free game. Game engine is not what is paying the developpers rent, and Stallman has always explained that he didn't believed artforms should be made open source. It doesn't sound complicated to me to understand that you can sell games whose code is open source but the 3d models, graphics, levels building and artwork aren't. Customer would still retain all free software liberties, be able to port the game to other platforms and the dev studios would still get paid. Care to explain which was killed? Neither centos nor redhat. He just reply according to where the cursor is placed regarding ethics. The same way anyone who think selling metamphetamines to vulnerable people and kids is unethical and wrong, then you should not do it and find another income to feed your family. Nobody is put a gun to the temple and forced to write proprietary software to make a living. There are myriads of other jobs. Well Cancun is not mx anymore. GF is from Queretaro, which is somewhat considered a safe place. She would not take an Uber alone anymore as she used to do. > You can't take passengers in a bike. I take my 8 and 11y old daughters on my old granny bike. One on the handlebar, the other upright on the rear rack. Besides you don't need passengers when everybody can take his own bike and chit chat while riding. > You can't transport large or bulky items. > > You are limited in how much you can transport (how much can fit in your backpack basically). False. Anecdote, I once bought a tree at a garden center. Everywhere I looked, people where struggling to put plants without spilling dirt on the trunk of their van/wagon. The only 3 who were fine were a pro with a pickup bed, a middle age guy with...a convertible and me...with a bicycle trailer made to carry kids. > Cars are faster if you are going more than about a mile - even including parking. Not so true. Cars are marginally faster or plain slower in many urban areas with lots of traffic lights and/or with heavy traffic. > You can't ride a bike in bad weather. Hard rain is very unpleasant, and snow is impossible. false. Hard rain is very unpleasant for drivers, most barely see anything. At least cyclists see where they are going. Also unless you live in a place hit by moonson, rain is rarely an issue. For the many days that forecast some rain, the actual chance of being riding at the exact moment it rains is not that high. There are not that manu days in a year hit by continuous rain all day long. Also I've commuted on snow for years, and more efficiently than many car drivers thanks to very efficient bicycle studded tires. In cycling we say there is no bad weather, only bad equipment. You wouldn't drive your convertible open during a thunderstorm, right? > If you live in a place with hills, bikes are just not practical. Not true anymore with e-bikes. Also fitness come with practice. > Bumps in the road, potholes, etc, are very dangerous in a bike You just learn to avoid them. Also skills increase with practice. Also there are bikes an bike. Using bigger tire volume help tremendously. Overall driving a car is much more dangerous. Despite the protection, odds of dying are statistically higher. Perception of danger in cycling is similar to people afraid of boarding a plane. Irrational. As is the perception of safety in cars. > CentOS, have you missed the news? Alternatives popped up literally days after the annoumcement of centos stream. We got back to original point. If you know the history of rhel and its clones, you surely know they used to be tenth of projects similar to centos, some much more active/reactive. The redhat funding of centos as a perfect rhel clone is more a parenthesis in history than anything. So in the end freeloaders still get exactly what they want. > Yeah there is CentOS Stream now, but that isn't what freeloaders want. I would say that isn't what some freeloaders think they want. All the feedback I get from people deciding to stick to centos stream and trying it out before a potential switch to something else has bern mostly the same: a lot of fuss for nothing, their life hasn't changed and centos is still meeting their needs. I guess if you have a recurring need for it you might be able to contact them to have access to some system on demands or a scheduled windows. In the last news it says the following: "The system will be up from time to time to help open source development - but it is closed to the public." No issue on my two thinkpads (E580 and Yoga 390), my Dell Latitude 5310, my GPD Pocket 2 in that regard. I have an HP elitebook 8140p that works well with netflix, hbomax and youtube but seems to have lower framerates with other video streaming services. Not sure if it because it uses the nouveau driver or because it is just more than a decade old. Your point is a bit moot because removing bios support will actually allow the maintainer to stop maintaining the bios parts regardless of the fact some other old things are kept. While actually not removing bios support won't allow you to get rid of the aformentionned MS techs such as fat support. Having said that I think this is a wee bit early. > You made a factual mistake: MBR/BIOS based boot does not depend on a specific filesystem, nor does it depend on a specific executable file format except for the boot sector. I never said that. I said removing bios support allows you to remove anything that provides bios support and that choosing to not remove it won't allow you to get rid of the EFI dependencies so it is a moot point to talk about old techs used by EFI. Tell that to all the bent Op-Z owners whose dials pop out randomly from the case. For thorough review, look for loopop as usual: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DqqKYAGsGo I would even dare say that all those small gadget are an environmental nightmare and unethical. I know those who build them are passionated people but when you enter something in the market you should have moral rights to not build things whose more than 80% of the items end up in a drawer or bin before at least 2 decades of use. Not that they are the worse offender, it is a global problem that touch both indie and big corps. They didn't have much to gain entering this market, especially as other were willing to do it for them already. Yes but AD is king and has been for many years and is virtually undethronable. You can authenticate linux and macos X users to AD, this is the only thing they needed. To compete with MS they would have had to build infra tools that are also compatible with MS product. This would have been a high risk low reward task. Licenses do not supersede laws. If you build a software and because of a bug it breaks something, that is fine. If you deliberately change a library to make any software running it crash and you know it is used among other things by software that control nuclear plants or elevators, my guess is it will probably considered a crime in most juridictions. This regardless of the fact said software makers should test their changes. >What if a kid who plays with this today ends up being the next XYZ who makes something positive for the world? That is so irrelevant. And regardless of the positive things said kid would bring that would not erase the waste ALL other devices have created. >If you are truly worried about there being more "stuff" your concerns should start with non rechargeable batteries, which are still produced in record numbers, and rarely recycled. These concerns aren't mutually exclusives. In all objectivity you can do much more with one single laptop than a number of synth/sequencers/controllers/groovebox. But: - we are tactile people - we like knobs and things that plugs into themselves (a sexual thing?) The 2 aformentionned items are partially solved by the the use of midi controllers but: - software instruments launched by a DAW lack relief - we like owning things - limitations inspire creativity - when using a computer you are all too often exposed to procrastination through the proximity of the web browser, communication tools / social medias notifications, etc. - some of us spend enough time in front of a computer during the day that once we are off we prefer not open it again - there are people who collect things - machines can be sold back, software licenses activated online usually cannot. - I would totally bring my Model:Samples or any other pocket groovebox/synthsequencer to shape some draft of music with headphones, I wouldn't bring a laptop there. It is, I have been doing diff of files from different remote machines using meld and gnome gvfs mounting for years. It works out of the box and is really mature. Only thing app that wasn't working well with gvfs was libreoffice. I don't know if it is still the case but it refused to handle a file gvfs mounted on my NAS regardless of the protocol (ssh, smb, nfs). > but you can't understand it or change anything" That is not true. SELinux is not hard to understand nor change. Most of the issues you might encounter are simply solved by changing a label in a file or directory. It is just not straightforward to debug and understand if you don't know it is there. I think most people who complain about it are multi distros/OS users and just only realize after losing precious time that an issue is selinux related. They make it so that you usually don't have too. You run into selinux issues usually only when you: - run some server stuff - try to serve a non default directory And 99.99% of the time you will usually understand the issue from the log file and just label the correct files/directories. All this without having to change a policy. Policy creation/modification is pretty much the job of a package maintainer only. I have been using Fedora daily for something like 7 years and have never had to write/modify a policy. The article originally linked is about some guy who do tests and run beta distros on prod and fiddle with his system by blindly copy/pasting stuff he sees in forums without really trying to understand what he does, then complain about his distro breaking on update. I don't think you can ever render your distro unbootable unless you do some very stupid things. And Fedora do not steer you to do those stupid things. There are just so many policies it is not practical to list them all if you don't need them. Only complain I would say is that sealert is not installed by default so if you want to have desktop notifications about an selinux issue you need to install it manually. I'd prefer it to be just a toggle in settings defaulting to no to decide to show or not show those notifications. > There are tools for interacting with the system, but good luck figuring out what they’re even called. They are mentionned in the selinux documentation of your distro. > Answering the question, “What do I need to label files that should be read by program X?” is waaay to hard. You’re expected to put your files in certain locations and then some things work out-of-the-box. However, there’s no documentation on where you’re supposed to put the files. The default directories are usually mentionned in the manuals of those programs. If you are using an selinux based distro, you know that if you don't use those default dirs you will have to label your custom dir. This is not hard to understand nor to do. Is it that weird editor they tend to put on our distro these days were we end up having a lot of i x r R :s/foo/bar :w and :q embedded in the text and that we need to close quickly in fear of adding syntax error before doing an EDITOR=vi ? oh I didn't say it wasn't solvable, just that it catches me off guard every time I install a fresh new OS. That was tongue in cheek. I would say the problem is not to not know which app you are using but muscular reflexes. Sames happen to me if I open gedit, notepad.exe or even an text processor such as writer or word. I had to put vim binding to make vscode bareable otherwise I kept making errors. No idea how true this can be. I know only one airfrance pilot but he did regular civilian flying school and flied for the french Army before applying for Air France training. Memory is blurry but I think at the time he needed some creds from previous flying experience to apply. Here in a coastal south spain city, the rule is pretty much this: weekly short term rental price in summer = monthly rental price for long term resident. So if you rent for 12 weeks between late may and end of september you already make as much money than having a rental resident, and can still rent more expensively than a short term resident. For example owners typically rent a lot to tourists during the hottest months and in autumn/winter/fall a lot of digital nomad are filling the gap. They also usually have done the math and can swallow the higher rent than a local would. Having said that, I don't want to be an owner here. Administration is horrible but basically everyone you will meet are either lazy or want to defraud you in some way and they have absolutely no sense of quality work. A friend of mine is renovating a small house all by himself because he got fed up by the locals. Maybe the end result won't be , but here the pros won't give you professionnal quality job anyway so at least he won't feel screwed. It is not about buying/delivering the app. It is about doing payment within the app once it is installed. In that case Epic is paying/maintaining its payment infra. Your point is irrelevant > One of the many reasons I switched to Windows. Linux is just too much pain for the eyes: Blurry fonts, screen tearing, ugh. Strangely I got given a windows laptop by my employer a few months ago and I couldn't stand the font rendering quality compared to my Fedora 35 setup. I think font rendering is fine on GTK-3 / QT5. I only upgraded to Fedora 36 beta on an highdpi. Judging from the issues on MacOS on smaller DPI I think the problem is universal and there is a fracture between the low and highDPI world. People using retina and 4/5K screens will probably be fine with GTK-4, issue is you can't force everyone to upgrade their gears, it is wrong from an environmental POV and a lot of laptops/monitors are still sold in FullHD or less resolution. well I did that and it still look shitty compared to my Fedora. I don't think any of those 3 could have been a good team player. They are entrepreneurs. So yes I am pretty sure you don't want them at your company. Well it depends on the potential agreement with the other authors, I would say it is none of our business if they don't complain about it. Not sure if it becomes "legal" to breach the GPL if original authors die though. If the main concern was not identity theft, I would just say consider it as a blessing and forget about google. What I would do now is concentrate on right now is buy a new comouter and phone, swap the sim card to it, shutdown all other connected devices, change my main password manager password, the login on each service / account I have in my password manager and change the password, email address and credit card number (get a new one from your bank asap). The point is that anyone who own my email account now cannot login to them or do some social engineering using recepts found in old emails. More often than not acccount recovery support ask you to verify your identity by asking you the last 2 to 4 numbers of your credit card numbers...very often the very same numbers that are left in clear text in receipt, you may still have some in your email history. Once done, do an offline backups of your other computers and wipe them all as well and factory reset your original smartphone. Start now and already call you boss to take a day off if needed it will probably take you more than a day if you have hundreds of accounts. A best practice should be to unsubscribe to any automatic newsletter and delete all mail that relate to an account so that someone who compromise our accounts cannot figure out which service we consume based on our email history. This is better kept locally without staying on the email servers. Most people don't do that because they want their email archive accessible from any device out of conveniency. I work for a company who's headquarters are there. It has great infras (railway, bicycle lanes), everything is modern but...it is pretty boring, lacking character. You can't create and buy a thousand years of history. The problem is it tried so hard to be a 3D movie that it was lacking in all other area. The movie itself was pretty boring with everything so predictable. Funnily nobody watches movies in 3d anymore I think? Looks like it was bust a fad. exactly. Best practice is to not click on any link in an sms/whatsapp. I don't recall any useful link sent by SMS. Whenever it is important it is always a warning telling you to connect yourself via the offical app/website eventually using the token/parcel code/identifier sent on the actual sms. Who cares how trackers look. That doesn't mean you can't have fun producing music with them. I own a Model:Samples, the battery is just velcro attached to it. This is not awkward, it serves as a tilt stand which is actually nice. The Deluge buying process involve adding to cart, pay. How different is it from anything else really? We are talking about boarding a plane? How boot time of the MPC Live/One or a daw on a laptop is relevant? Depends on the people. If you want to be safe to retire early, it is a good idea to keep living humbly while you are making a lot of mone and not adopt the Jet Set life. I've seen example of people selling their company, retiring early and stay low-mid budget. One particular example is very wealthy but live in a small house, drive a 10y old compact hatchback car. You wouldn't know his fortune just by looking at his habits. He enjoy more a BBQ with his neighbors than going to expensive places to eat and help around when someone in the village needs an additional hand. He is still probably spending a lot more than I do traveling on holidays and he has nicer furnitures but he is still doing it like most people do, only a few weeks a year when the kids are out of school. What he has is the ability to justify buying expensive but sturdy stuff that last, instead of things that break and have to be replaced on a regular basis. > Tesla dragged the rest of the auto industry, kicking and screaming, into the EV business. I would say that the advance in battery technology, the laws introduced by state of California and north european countries did more than Tesla ever did. Also the Renault Zoe, still top selling EV cars in europe, had her first concept car showed in 2005 and was on sale only 5 months after the Model S in 2012. The Leaf also predates the Model S.The 1st generation Tesla Roadster sold poorly like most other contemporary EVs and most of the sales happened in her last year in 2012. It was as niche as all other EVs in the market in its first 3 years of commercial life. The Mitsubishi i-Miev and its Citroën and Peugeot variant outsold the Tesla Roadster by more than a factor of 10. Almost 30000 cars between 2008 and 2014. What Tesla achieved was showing the wealthy people they could greenwash their way to the same energy wasting life by going EV. A good publicity stunt. The first Zoe was a concept car, the second one was a production model and it didn't popup from anywhere. It has been the most sold EV in europe for many years already. >Look at i-Miev and the Roadster and tell me which one do you think a typical car lover would love more. If you think that would've taken over the car market .. then you're definitely not in the same circles I am :-) The car industry do not care what the typical car lover love more. They have been a dying breed for more than 3 decades. The i-Miev and derivated counterpart sold 12 times more than the roadster because they are actually usable things and not enthusiast toys. It even outsold the Model-S in all the other markets than USA when they were both available. The Model-S,X,3 and Y success came much later. The automotive industry definitely had a more cautious approach in the upper end segment but they weren't sleeping. > The same with music, and inversely - a great song will still sound great and enjoyable on a really crappy car stereo. Not really agree on this one. I would say you will still like it and maybe enjoy it because this is the only way you can enjoy it while driving. But that doesn't mean it sound great. The issue is that most music is overcompressed these days to make up for the fact that most people are listening to music in hostile environment or with bad devices. Which make the difference with higher fidelity equipment less important. Without being an audiophile I have records from the 90's that only felt so great on headphones or decent hifi. The music was less compressed these days, there were much higher amplitude difference between parts of the song, instruments. Back in the days listening on the radio felt weird and flat. We just lowered the bar to the point that everything feel weird and flat. Like fast food or premade dishes that only have a general way too salty or too sweet tastes where your palate cannot do the sorting anymore of the different ingredients that have been put to it. I still think a decent hifi equipment would make a ton of difference for someone into classical records. Modern POP music? Waste of money.