"Google's name still comes up when any evil corporate behavior is discussed in any nerd community (not so much non-nerd groups) because of that great catch phrase, especially when Microsoft is mentioned." I think it was Cringely who said something like: "Microsoft's slogan is similar to Google's, but slightly different. Be evil." They didn't bother to ask you whether you already knew RoR? Or they're willing to pay you to learn it? I want to know how you pulled this off. Skimming the article, I don't see how it's feasible to ethically engineer a "human equivalent intelligence". The author talks about engineering a toddler level intelligence, the reasoning being that the toddler program would not be capable of figuring out a way to "escape" its box and getting into mischief that humans would be unable to control or prevent. But the thought of "turning off" a toddler equivalent makes me queasy. Will the toddler think it is a person? What an awful, worse-than-Truman's-World-nightmare it would be for that "toddler" to find out the truth. Could we ethically "turn off" such a program? Even if it knows that it is not human, if it is truly equivalent to a toddler it is almost certain to introduce some kind of ethical quandries we cannot possibly predict before the program actually exists. I do not see any safe way to pursue this project and successfully avoid ethical landmines. I am also troubled by the vaguely utopian hopes this man has for his personal project. Attempts by people to implement any kind of utopian vision tend to end badly. Wil Shipley on unit tests: http://wilshipley.com/blog/2005/09/unit-testing-is-teh-suck-urr.html I think what he's saying is unit tests don't add much if you are doing UI type development. It is hard to write unit tests for UIs (web or GUI), so if most of your code is UI code, don't bother. However, if you are writing a library that will be used by a lot of coders, unit tests are probably indispensable. Otherwise, you would never be able to make even simple architecture or design changes (refactoring). If you have a wife and/or family, keeping the day job can very well be the most responsible thing to do. As far as I know, this is largely an American (U.S.) phenomenon. I don't think many other countries have the kind of disparity between managers and other employees that American corporations have. I have also read analyses suggesting compensation is often influenced by the fact that board members are usely CEOs of other companies who know that their compensation will go up if the compensation of other CEOs go up. If true, that would qualify as "sinister" in my judgement. $600 + ($60 x 24) = $2,040 (including minimum two year contract) So you misunderestimated the actual price. The hole will be shaped something like this: http://www.johnlewis.com/jl_assets/product/230404933.jpg As a parent of young kids, this was the most terrifying part of the article, if this trend continues. You mean my kids will still be living in my house after college, and I'll be expected to go to job interviews and negotiations with them? Bought by Compaq. http://news.com.com/2100-1001-207442.html When our kids play room is filled with a mess of toys, they mostly ignore all of them and act bored. If those toys are put into storage in the basement and just a select few toys are chosen to leave out, they show a lot more interest in those toys. We have also decided to hold an annual yard sale with other families on our street to get rid of as much stuff as possible every year. But you might want to start looking for your next gig before the paychecks actually stop. There seem to be more references to Lisps (Common Lisp + Scheme) in that thread than this one. Has anyone previously using a Lisp for your startup since abandoned it? What were the reasons? The best summation of Searle's argument I've heard went something like "When you run a simulation of a rain storm, nothing gets wet. So if you run a simulation of a brain, does any 'thinking' happen?" Of course it's just word games. But it is equally word games to say that a machine 'thinks'. We use thinking to describe certain processes that happen in human brains, so to say that machines 'think' is really just a sort of metaphor. And if you think this is overly pedantic when discussing the possibility of the Singularity, consider this question. If someone told you that your brain could be 'uploaded' into a computer and run as a program that for all intents and purposes would be 'you' except much smarter and immortal, would you be willing to go through with this process if it were irreversible and your current brain were destroyed as part of the process? Just what is 'you' anyway? "Intelligence is fundamentally an information processing function." You can certainly define "intelligence" this way. But does it make sense to say "the human brain is an information processing function"? It's a non-sequitur. A brain can process information. A machine can process information. Does that make the brain and an information processing machine QUALITATIVELY the same thing? "Here's the real question: When you run a simulation of a Turing machine, does any computation happen?" If a simulation of a human brain receives a simulated stimulation of the appearance of his beloved, does the simulation's heart beat faster? Does the simulation maybe start sweating a little? Does the simulation experience all the little physiological changes that the non-simulated human experiences? A human brain is part of an organism, and I don't think it's a useful metaphor to call a human being a computation engine. I suppose you could theoretically simulate everything about the world in which real human beings exist and then at that point claim the simulation is qualitatively the same as what is simulated. But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world? Notice all the question marks? Searle is engaging in philosophy, and I think many quantitative types have a hard time accepting that there may be questions that do not have easy quantitative answers. Which is my point. I don't have the answers, but find Searle's objections worth pondering. Leave it to news.ycombinator to post the answer to my rhetorical question before I finished typing it: http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/quant-ph/pdf/0110/0110141v1.pdf Answering: "But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world?" Americans do hate WalMart. But they still shop there. "...but it also doesn't force you to adopt a paradigm. This flexibility is C++'s greatest strength, as well as its greatest weakness." Lisp is mult-paradigm also. I think the difference is that Lisp has a philosophy. The paradigms fit together in a consistent way. For example, Common Lisp has an object system, CLOS. But they implemented it around generic functions, in order to keep the functional programming nature of Lisp intact. Lisp will let you do pretty much anything. But it often gives you a "nudge" in a particular direction. I believe pg points this out in On Lisp; you can write procedural code in Lisp, for example, but the code flows a lot better if you write in a functional style. C++ just seems like a kitchen sink language. Everything is in there somewhere. But it doesn't seem like the parts were designed to fit together in any particular way. Once I completed an essay assignment for a college Shakespeare class, filling in everything I knew the teacher wanted me to say. At the end however, I wrote something like "However, I don't actually believe what I wrote above." When I got the marked essay back, there were lots of positive comments in the margins, until the last paragraph. There the comment was, "Jim, I think we should discuss this." I got an A in that class. I think there was a study that showed that Ivies, MIT, Stanford, etc. are really good at finding and admitting very talented, driven people. However, that same study found that equally talented, driven people who chose to attend a less prestigious school did just as well in their careers as the people who went to the big name schools. So there probably is a correlation between "I went to Harvard." and "I will be successful." But not necessarily causation. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html Scroll down to Appendix: Power. The Perl solution is close to the Lisp solution in terms of brevity. The solution in other languages tend to be longer or the problem can't be solved at all. Choice quote: "In the rivalry between Perl and Python, the claim of the Python hackers seems to be that that Python is a more elegant alternative to Perl, but what this case shows is that power is the ultimate elegance: the Perl program is simpler (has fewer elements), even if the syntax is a bit uglier." Interesting conclusion. He seems to be arguing that Microsoft was brought to heel by the marketplace, and that the court proceedings against it were redundant and counter productive. And now the same is true for Apple. You can't beat them with lawsuits, only by making better products. I'm not so sure, though, that the lawsuits MSFT faced had no effect on the marketplace outcomes we're now seeing. Would PC vendors be so quick to put Linux on PCs if MSFT wasn't being monitored by the US DOJ and probed non-stop by the EU? But of course: "The record of the Vice Fund has not been without blemishes. Its founder, Richard A. Sapio, and two other executives at the fund's advisory firm, Mutuals.com, were accused in 2003 of securities-related fraud and in 2004 of conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and mail fraud." Maybe the kind of thing you should think about before investing in something proudly calling itself "The Vice Fund". upmodded you, but they're called MacBooks now. Aquamacs is a pretty good crutch if you want to wean yourself off of standard keyboard shortcuts slowly. Basically, 'Cmd' + key does the Emacs thing most closely corresponding to the usual thing a Mac program would do. Cmd-O for Open, Cmd-X to cut, etc. This works because the main Emacs key combinations use Ctrl, of course. There's several questions in there related to probability. I think that's pretty important to a lot of what Google does. Maybe the most important part of the article for would be straight, single, male ycombinators is this: "I mentioned by way of contrast that I am in the "software business." Now, I love what I do for a living, but really, generally speaking, the occupation does not bring me into contact with a lot of attractive and available young women. It is nothing like, say, being a photographer, a marketing or media exec, a fashion designer, a yoga instructor or a lifeguard. There are probably a hundred other such occupations. Better than all of them must be, "straight male ballet dancer" or running a dance company." Maybe you should all be starting your own dance company instead of a software start up? All made possible by 6000 packages of ramen noodles provided by pg: "And Paul Graham gives them another 6000 boxes of instant noodles to eat, so they stay in business another three years perfecting things." "While CPUs are getting faster and RAM is growing like crazy, bandwidth is not growing..." ...in the U.S. "Unless maybe you've done lots of SWT/Swing programming, then you will at least have a general understanding on how to layout stuff graphically and use event listeners." Now I DEFINITELY don't want to use GWT. "All you have to do is convince users to download your C++ app that DOES contain a Ruby interpreter and runs in the background..." Good luck with that. "Hey, if it gets them laid..." Good luck with that. I like this quote: "To this day, most philosophers suffer from Plato's disease: the assumption that reality fundamentally consists of abstract essences best described by words or geometry. (In truth, reality is largely a probabilistic affair best described by statistics.)" "...the Economist is probably the best (IMHO) news source out there..." I'm also always impressed by how evenly they cover the globe. There are sections for Europe, Asia, Africa, the Americas, etc. of roughly equal weight. And features often cover the economic impact of an event around the world, not just a specific country or region. A great way to get a feel for what's really happening outside your little part of the planet. "Having paid the fine, the parents no longer felt as bad about being late." It became paid babysitting. "My posts are too long." In this case, no. "Or that this reality is a computer simulation and we wake up in a bigger computer simulation where we get bored sometimes and choose to spend lifetimes during interesting periods of time." "Either of these are much more likely than the eternal afterlife of a theistic god..." What's the difference between these two? ""We think the future is going to be software plus services," Darren Strange, senior product manager for Microsoft Office, said. "There are some things which thick client [Microsoft's favoured model, where PCs are linked to a central server but can operate independently] is better at than [web-based services] X offline use being a big one." The need for off-line access to data is shrinking every day. Many people simply can't do their job without a network connection. "You also can't create the richness of an application like Word through a thin client [where a user's PC is effectively a dumb terminal and the processing of data is done elsewhere]". Why not? Maybe not today, but next year, five years from now? Items get checked off the "can't do that in a browser" list every day. "Our smartest people are looking at mash-ups [where several online tools are fused together to create new ones] and web 2.0-type applications [which focus on online tools that allow users to collaborate and share information]". They're just LOOKING INTO mash-ups and Web 2.0 applications now? Isn't the industry looking for a Web 3.0 model already? Have you ever seem most managers give a presentation? Enough said I think. :-) "If the idea is "lets make a better search engine that uses a unique ranking system based on links to estimate the popularity of any given page" then I'd say the idea is worth something." Not without a working implementation, no. "The probable difference between ConnectU and Facebook? Facebook spammed all of Harvard to get its initial traction, ConnectU didn't." Right. Execution. I like this idea: "This could take the form of reserving a modest number of places in the freshman class -- say 5 percent to 10 percent -- for applicants who, having met a high academic threshold, would be selected at random. While the admissions office would know the identities of the students admitted by lottery, no one else -- not faculty, not employers and not the students themselves -- would." I agree with the author that it would be a good way to assess if the more involved admissions process selected higher quality students. "Us high-end types will be as vulnerable as assembly-line workers." I think this is the most insightful statement in the article. I keep hearing "yes, but the high end tasks will remain here" from every proponent of overseas outsourcing. Why? Indian people and Chinese people and I'm sure people from lots of other countries are just as smart as us and often highly educated. There is absolutely no reason they can't do so called "high end tasks" as well as we can. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2uIJqqOlQw I'm not sure that racism is worthy of deep contemplation. "And as biased and prejudiced as this may sound, I've found that workers from India and China often have "shake-and-bake" qualifications...." I suspect that's due to the rapid growth of the software development industry there. Allegedly similar things happened during the dot boom here in the 90s, when there was so much demand for software that many unqualified and under-qualified people were hired. On the other hand, there was a Wall Street Journal article recently (much discussed here, I think) about how the best developers in India can command salaries closer to their Silicon Valley counterparts than the typical Indian IT salary. Perhaps "you get what you pay for" applies? "someone who apparently has a Masters in IT yet doesn't understand that "var1 = textfiedl1 + textfield2" is NOT something I want to see in proper VB.Net code?" I suspect you can find similar code from American developers. The only difference is that over here a lot of the less dedicated programmers have left the field and so now we have their Indian counterparts doing the same low quality work for less money. "Nevermind that I swear I heard him utter "wow, that's genius" when I cobbled together a session-based auth script.... ugh." If the article's portrayal of "Honey" is indicative, he may have been just trying to stroke your ego. :) "Real-world experience is more important than qualifications." No argument there. Best quote: ""Lead" is ... the present-tense verb meaning "not doing any coding"" I suspect the use of italics indicate sarcasm. "If SQL was so great, why in the heck there is so many ORM frameworks out there?" Uh, isn't that an argument FOR the popularity of relational DBs? There would be no need for ORM tools if there weren't lots of R databases that programmers need to interface with. To turn your rhetorical question around "Why haven't OO databases become popular if that's what so many people really need?" "How about actually having the database start evolving just like programing languages have?" What's stopping you from solving this problem? Sounds like a great entrepreneurial opportunity. Maybe you could submit a YC application. I think Ellison and the Oracle guys consulted for years in order to eat while working on their relational technology until they thought they were close enough to go for it and drop the consulting and bet everything on the database as a product. Maybe you could take a similar approach? I'll bite. We likely have more information about product quality than at any time in history through the Internet. This is also an argument for allowing legal action like the class action lawsuit to discourage faulty and negligent craftsmanship. Although, if that is an argument for or against market forces I'm not sure. Here are some contrarian positions (to go with those already presented): The article currently refers to "a society's wealth" but not the distribution thereof. The American economy has grown significantly since 2000, for example, but the median wage has not. Is there any point to a growing economy when the median citizen is not benefiting from it? There is a brief mention of the irrationality of voters who do not trust increasing market forces as a means of solving health care problems. However, one can argue that we have a more market based health care system than the systems of Western Europe, for example, but worse health outcomes. How can we be sure, then, that increasing market forces even more will improve the situation? Or as expressed by Glenn Reid, quoted in the article: "A markup language is predicated on the idea that the markup is an exception in a river of text." "...such as the centralization of files..." This one is huge. Edit your files at any time from any computer. Your friends, co-workers and collaborators can edit the same documents, even at the same time from different places. With a single history of revisions. Backups taken care of for you (maybe you don't trust google on this but they probably do a better job backing up data than the majority of the computer using population). This one thing alone changes the entire paradigm of document creation, sharing, etc. A lot of people study Japanese, think Japan is really cool, and would enjoy living there, I think. I think Korea is behind Japan in these trends but catching up. I do agree, though, that Japan does have a reputation of being not very inviting to foreigners that is to some degree deserved. I don't know as much about S. Korea in this regard. Japan could probably do much to solve some of their looming economic problems (low birth rate and rapidly aging population, for example) by allowing more people to immigrate and integrate into Japanese society and culture. Especially entrepreneurial, technology loving types who could contribute a lot to Japan's high tech economy. "In grad school, I remember having the realization that every discipline has it's own little shorthand lingo. I remember thinking about how confusion can result when there are clashes/overlaps in, for example, acronyms." I've long ago lost track of all the different meanings I've run into for the word "feature", for example. Practitioners of various academic disciplines (or even in the same discipline but for a different theory) use this term for all kinds of things with absolutely no connection to each other. I nominate this for most overloaded academic term. Any other nominees? "I believe Ballmer is just too smart for most people to understand and he uses his own language, he doesn't care if others understand..." So he's Humpty Dumpty. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humpty_dumpty#References_in_pop... Starter Pack is another effort that addresses some of the noted deficiencies in Common Lisp. http://weitz.de/starter-pack/ Technically, the whole project including GUI installer only works on LispWorks. However, the selection of libraries makes a good approximation to a CL standard library and it's not too hard to figure out how to install all of them in SBCL or whatever other CL implementation you have. This gets you much closer to the starting point of a "batteries included" language like Python. If every CL implementation in the world simply bundled all of the libraries in Starter Pack, a lot of the legitimate criticisms of CL would be solved. (If you are one of those people who just say "too many parentheses", however, there is no help for you.) Looks like pg hurry things up with getting Arc out or Qi will beat it to become the 21st century 100 Year Language. :) "It's just that in our normal efforts of engineering, we've been too constrained to see with such things." Who is he referring to here? Pretty much any CS or ECE student will encounter the Turing machine at some point. Wolfram talks like he is the only one aware of something that I'm sure is common knowledge among the "normal" engineers responsible for creating the computing machines we use every day. Then we can all use our iPhones on the Verizon network without jailbreaking them! That is, if I had an iPhone... "A lot of the 'value' in a language is its network of users." I wish Common Lisp programmers would realize that. Many are outwardly hostile to the very idea of their language becoming popular with the barbaric hordes of uncivilized Java and C# and PHP programmers. Well, those that post on comp.lang.lisp that is. I suspect the Common Lisp "community" is one of the reasons pg is developing Arc. This is what happens when you take a working e-commerce site written in Lisp and rewrite it in C++. "There are a lot of dumb people that are millionaires." But are there a lot of dumb people who BECOME millionaires, without winning the lottery? "Besides private school, they could live somewhere else, or homeschool." What if both parents work? What if everywhere else they can afford to live has public schools just as bad? "If marketing is what matters, how did Java (in its C# incarnation) displace Visual Basic?" Java had outstanding marketing. It caught the .com wind in its sails and managed to get the industry press all talking about how this platform independent language was going to replace all the platform specific development environments. My take on why Common Lisp is not more popular: http://programming.reddit.com/info/1z8b8/comments/c1zbhh I think they are also for fixing other people's bad code. If you diligently refactor as you go, by replacing repeated code with functions or macros, you don't need a complicated tool to do it. However, if you have inherited some code where the preferred reuse method is copy paste, this is much more risky. You need to be sure that you got all of the cases and that you don't inadvertently break anything. This is yet another reason to start a startup instead of getting a "real job" :). Chicken, egg? "In criminal matters, law enforcement is experienced in separating legitimate tips from unsubstantiated fears, and allocating resources accordingly; we should expect no less from them when it comes to terrorism." I don't think you can expect untrained citizens to distinguish between false alarms and something genuinely concerning. However, it is asinine for a trained police officer to then investigate, find nothing, and arrest someone anyway. There needs to be consequences for anyone in a position of authority for arresting an innocent person simply to cover their own posteriors. Wonder how Microsoft feels about this? Is that Facebook investment still worth as much as they paid for it? Looks like Google is consistently a few steps ahead of them whatever they do. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6304687408656696643 Seconded. Don't remember the last time I went to the ER for myself. With 2 boys in the house (now 3 and 5) we had a stretch of 3 visits to the ER in one year. You are speaking based on a gut feeling, and the article cites what appears to be pretty thorough research and investigation into actual, real life geniuses and what they had in common. I know which I'm going to put more stock in. This is clearly addressed in the article. "Studies of chess masters and highly successful artists, scientists and musicians usually find their IQs to be above average, typically in the 115 to 130 range, where some 14 per cent of the population reside - impressive enough, but hardly as rarefied as their achievements and abilities." For example. I suspect that the researchers cited in the article might point out people who demonstrated aptitude like Yano's and yet did not achieve as much as someone who had less aptitude but worked harder. There is some baseline of innate aptitude required for excellence, but among people surpassing that baseline hard work is what distinguishes them; that is the hypothesis proffered in the article. As for Mozart, the point was that even he had to put in over 10 years of work before producing his best work. But, because he started at 3 he got there at a really early age. I think the elephant in the living room ignored in this debate is: Median wages in the U.S. are falling. Full stop. Mr. Aron keeps saying "so get out of IT and do something else". But except for a small and shrinking number of people, wages have been stagnant for the last 7 years. There are a handful of people soaking up all of the growth in our economy. So there's a good chance that even if you do pick something besides IT, you don't have a very good future ahead of you in the United States. Unless you are already rich, in which case the future prospects of getting even richer look very bright. I think startups are a good solution to this problem (not just software, but taking advantage of the ease of incorporating, marketing, communicating, outsourcing etc. enabled by technology). But I am concerned about how well it scales. In startups, the best competitor in a market can take almost all of the growth and profits for itself and leave little for everyone else. Are there enough startup niches out there to provide a living for everyone in a country with 300 million people? Otherwise, look for more peasants with torches and pitchforks demanding a more socialist/communist economic model. (ps Yes, this is all my observations from my perspective living in the U.S. but I am curious if people in other developed countries face similar issues and how they are dealing with it.) Did anyone else notice this on the same site? http://www.newartisans.com/blog_files/ready.lisp.on.osx.php Zero fuss way to get started with Common Lisp on Mac OS X. Aquamacs bundled with SBCL, launches immediately into REPL at startup. I will recommend this to anyone who wants to learn Lisp on the Mac. "But at some point, if you want to build Web apps, you are going to have to learn to install software and set up a database and really learn to use a code editor." Why? I mean, yes, you absolutely have to have those skills today. But for a lot of uses, this service, if it actually works would be more than adequate. And there is a "code editor" in the demos. Probably not a very good one, yet, but I bet it gets a lot better quickly. Saying "you can't do web development in a web browser" is like saying "you can't run office applications in a web browser" or "you can't edit photos in a web browser". Every day those "can't do in a web browser" items get whittled away a little more. Having said that, perhaps you're getting at "leaky abstractions"? There will always be something that you need to tweak, as a developer, that the development environment hasn't made accessible to you. That is certainly true, but I think that could become the exception more and more, and day to day development could happen in a web development environment. Developing in the exact same environment in which your app is running certainly raises interesting possibilities. When they all started writing for the web. Not sure exactly when that was, though, day and date. Hmm, so where does Joel's NewSDK fit into this analogy? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/09/18.html It looks like there are (at least) two simultaneous battles going on to establish new APIs. One for cell phone hardware. One for "web applications". Interesting that Google is heavily invested in both. DaniFong addresses that here: "Learn everything from first principles, and when something looks wrong, bring it up." Maybe not fulfilling all of the requirements for a degree per se, but Phillip Greenspun finds a university a great source of entertainment. "Taking advantage of my location in Cambridge, I have sat in on some classes at MIT in Atmospheric Physics, Biology, and Geology. I also teach a software engineering lab course at MIT every three or four semesters (textbook). But for me, the university has mostly been a source of entertainment; I have never looked to it as a source of income." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science (Appendix E) So the compelling reason might not be that getting a degree will impress other people, but that learning is a fun and enriching experience. Yes, there are dead trees in libraries, but lectures, being able to ask questions to someone who is an expert in what you want to learn, and collaborating with peers who also want to learn are difficult to duplicate with only dead trees. "I think that what sets me apart from the masses isn't in hardware (a better brain), but software (beliefs and an outlook more conducive to learning)." From your list of accomplishments, I suspect one of the skills that sets you apart is your time management capabilities. Otherwise commonly known as self-discipline. "I like to think that I'm on the billionaire path." It's not clear that there is any billionaire path. Multi-millionaire, sure. There are lots of ways to achieve that through skill and hard work. But the billionaire path is being on the multi-millionaire path, having an extremely rare opportunity serendipitously present itself to you, recognizing it, and then making a long series of good decisions without any major missteps. There is a lot on that path you have not control over. Talent, effort, and even wisdom are probably not enough to keep you on it by themselves. "and then this easy class to finish off my minor), I slept on most of it, yet I managed to show up in tests and (to my suprise) got a B." The classes I think are easy are the ones that scare me. I've had a couple experiences where I thought a class was not going to be challenging and ended up with a worse grade than classes where the material was harder. "PS: I am of the opinion that anyone completing a four-year degree with a 4.0 grade point average did not get their money's worth out of college." I am reminded that Bill Gates would find ways to take graduate courses that interested him that he did not have the prerequisites for and argue with the professor from the first day of class. Not the most efficient path to getting a high GPA, but likely a good way to learn a lot in a short period of time. What do you think is important? Basketball. "As for the dripping with egotism bit, that is an interesting problem." Maybe he needs someone with more life experience who is experienced at writing for the web to advise him on how not to "drip" his egotism quite so much while still communicating his point. Maybe even someone with a past business relationship with Aaron who he might respect. Not to name names or anything. :) Of the ones I've read, I think e-rage has the best chance of actually catching on. You should send it to Dr. Knuth. I thought that one was pretty tame. "And what did he talk about? A screwup by a restaurant he went to. And how the host worked hard, overhard even, to pacify him about it." ... "Cooling out marks is how institutions persuade people to accept things they think are wrong. The con-man convinces you getting stolen from is OK. Your job convinces you it's OK that they're corrupt. The restaurant persuades you it's OK that they're incompetent." So, if someone at a restaurant makes some kind of mistake, and the host works hard to make it right, it is important to not forgive them and go on holding a grudge, because that would just make you "the mark". I think that's the moral he's putting forth here. And furthermore, you should hold the same kind of grudges against inanimate entities, like "the economy". "Did the economy cheat you, fire you, stick you in some crappy job with a crabby boss? Listen, the motivational speaker explains, it's not the economy's fault." So, remember, the Economy is out to get you! I don't even know what this means. Corporate CEOs, sure. Congress and the President, sure. Illegal immigrants, I suppose you could argue a case there if you really wanted to. But anthropomorphizing the economy seems a little off, to me. Obviously, Aaron is a guy with high intelligence and substantial skill. He played a part in a successful company at a very early age, has contributed some highly praised source code to the open source community, and is still ambitious, idealistic and involved in a lot of things. But reading his blog makes me think he's also a little wacky. But, as pg pointed out, thank God I didn't have a blog that the entire world could read when I was in my early 20s! For the sake of balance, I thought this was really good: http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/decenttodo How to write software that people want is something Aaron knows about and he expresses himself well on that topic. If you're curious about this, I suggest following the official Joel on Software "The Business of Software" Discussion Forum. http://discuss.joelonsoftware.com/?biz I tend to think of it as "Hacker News for people with a mortgage". "Another lie in this essay is that it was Bernie Greenberg who discovered that Lisp was a good language in which to write Emacs. In fact, I wrote the first Emacs in Lisp, for the Lisp machine, a fact of which Stallman is completely aware. It was afterwards that my close friend Bernie, who was one of the other Symbolics founders, wrote Multics Emacs." "And while IaEURXm setting the record straight, the original (TECO-based) Emacs was created and designed by Guy L. Steele Jr. and David Moon. After they had it working, and it had become established as the standard text editor at the AI lab, Stallman took over its maintenance." Of everything in the article this, if accurate, is the most disappointing to me. I've always thought about RMS that, regardless of what you think of his political views on software, the guy who wrote Emacs must be a great hacker. Although, even if all he accomplished was keeping Emacs free (FSF sense), that's still something. If Emacs had gone proprietary at some point, it surely would have disappeared by now. Am I overreacting here? Is Weinreb downplaying Stallman's part in creating Emacs? Pretty much all software builds on previous software in one way or another, and maybe Stallman took the Emacs that Weinreb describes and made it into something much greater. Can anyone fill in the blanks for me? 1. This sounds an awful lot like the story of NeXt, from making their own custom hardware, to the super advanced software development environment that they eventually tried to sell by itself for other platforms. Too bad there was no struggling, mainstream company to buy them that they could have then taken over from the inside. 2. Half way through, I was thinking, it would be fun to contrast this with ITA as bad and good examples of how to start a Lisp company with a bunch of guys from MIT. And then he says he works at ITA! So, lesson is, if you're going to start a Lisp company, don't make Lisp the product, make it your secret weapon. "For example there could be a list of logged in users to be displayed in the sidebar, or any number of widgets. It seems unnatural to have to gather the data for those in every controller call." Aren't these things conceptually separate views, each having its own controller? However, mentioning MVC and web applications gives me an excuse to engage in nostalgia and once more mourn the passing[1] of WebObjects. It was simple in WebObjects to make any reusable part of a page into its own component. Also, MVC has a much bigger payoff when you have development tools designed to support it. WOBuilder allowed you to graphically build interface components, then just drag connections between properties in your controller object and the widget you wanted to display them in. And not just top level properties, but you could drill down through the relationships of any object (e.g. user.shoppingCart.numberOfItems, Google "key value coding" if interested). (And yes, this is just like Cocoa and Interface Builder, came out of the same technology base originally.) I have yet to see any web development tools[2] that come anywhere close to the productivity enabled by WebObjects. And I didn't even get into the Enterprise Objects Framework... [1] WebObjects is still very much alive inside Apple (iTunes store, Apple Store, pretty much everything Apple does on the web) but for outside developers it is quite dead. The only life support is ant + Eclipse plugins, but that defeats the whole purpose as the development tools were the whole point of WebObjects. [2] Tools as distinct from programming languages. WebObjects was Java, so nothing special there, but real old timers still miss the Objective C version. "If you want something like an animated dancing baby that does different dances depending on your current stock portfolio and can sing out your RSS feeds in different languages..." Hey! How did you find out about my startup idea? How about a pigeon? OK, I'll bite. "Microsoft Power Point is better than 3-fold foam boards. Much. So please don't ask me to use inferior tools. Why should I?" You claim you don't want to use inferior tools, and then claim Microsoft Power Point as a non-inferior tool? BWA-HAHAHAHA! Maybe if she said Keynote I could take her seriously. I also find it amusing that she thinks the fact that she can use Facebook and IM makes her some kind of technological genius. And, no, I don't find an inability to find a book in the library a sign of intelligence. I don't think someone who doesn't think reading books is worthwhile should be making snide comments about other people's intelligence. Just yesterday the NYTimes reported on a study that basically said we're getting dumber because we don't read enough. Not just in reading skills, but even Math and Science. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/19/arts/19nea.htm So maybe Gen Y. needs to put down the cell phone, log off of Facebook and start reading a book before their IQ drops any farther than it already has. I'm going to use these for review before the final for my lang and stats 2 class. "Does anyone really assume an exponential growth in the literal sense with users rushing in via some inter-galactic network when all earth users are exhausted?" Some valuations for .com companies at the end of the 20th century did seem to have factored this expectation into their analysis. If you have a Mac, also consider Ready Lisp. http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/26203/ready-lisp SBCL bundled with Aquamacs, a version of Emacs designed to integrate with the Mac interface (including Mac keyboard shortcuts). "We really need to get away from arguing for the goodness of languages based on the success of the people using them." I think it devolves into this when you get into a Blub situation. So you want to tell someone: "But it has closures! Macros! Object orientation based on multiple-dispatch generic functions! First class functions!" And you see this stunned, glazed look come across your listener's face. "Well, Paul Graham made a ton of money on it. Peter Norvig wrote great books about Lisp and now runs Google research. Richard Stallman made it the macro language for the greatest editor ever invented [EDITOR'S NOTE: only try this one with committed Emacs users.]. The Guy who wrote much of the spec for Java after James Gosling wrote famous compilers for Lisp dialect and authored the document that defined the Common Lisp standard. The Greatest Computer Science Course Ever taught at MIT uses a dialect of Lisp. A company who is cleaning their competition's clocks in the airline reservation business uses Lisp." Etc. etc. Vernor Vinge: A Fire Upon the Deep http://books.google.com/books?id=UGAKB3r0sZQC&dq=Vernor+... I'm sure his other books are good, too, but this is the only one I've read. I've never seen anyone else able to extrapolate the consequences of entire races advancing past the Singularity and how mortals manage to get by in such a galaxy (if you're able to accept faster-than-light travel as a premise, but he has a very interesting take on even that). A ton of innovative sci-fi ideas in one novel. I was starting to freak out when I thought they were ranking ASP/VBscript ahead of Javascript. Then I realized the list was in alphabetical order. Did you get to the end of the article? The author was employing sarcasm. So you are really in agreement with the author. If the average university has more than 10 professors, they are paying more in wages to professors than head football coaches. And if you figure the total amount paid in tuition in a year across the country, I'm guessing that will be a much larger number than the amount spent on tickets and television rights and merchandising for college football. So, I disagree that professors are a cost center for a university and that, as a society, we invest more overall in head football coaches than in educators. And the board's compensation committee is mainly executives from other companies, who want the executives on their board to also vote them a large pay raise... It is simple collusion among the executive class, insulated from market forces, that determines executive compensation today. Shareholders are largely cut out of the loop. "though I've considered living in a van and traveling the country (which really cuts down on rent--campgrounds run $6-$20/night, with discounted weekly rates)...I might even still do that at some point." Kinda like this guy. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhTsZGK-d0A "After Voltage shipped its first product -- email-security software -- in early 2004, its revenue jumped from $3 million to $9 million in 2005, says the CEO." ... "Mr. Krishnamurthy says Voltage now has more than 400 customers and is generating cash, though it remains unprofitable." $9MM in revenue, and you can't turn a profit? This seems to be a case where the VC's ambitions are lessening the chance of the company succeeding. Maybe customers would be less concerned about the company going under if it was making a profit. Replace "Google" everywhere with "YourCleverDomainNameForAnAccountingApp", and this becomes the elevator pitch for a YC application. Here's as simply as I can put it: I wish I would have taken this course as an undergrad. An argument for learning Python: http://xkcd.com/353/ No mention of library support? True, not much library support for CL, but even less for Scheme, no? The other thing I like about CL is the no-nonsense defmacro. I don't get the whole "hygiene" thing, but it seems like one of those "it's good for you, it builds character" things that tries to keep you from shooting your foot off, and if you're really worried about that you'll be using Java or Haskell anyway. Or am I missing something here? Otherwise agreed. Lisp1 is a clear win and efficient, functional-style recursion is more beautiful than the mess of iteration operators in CL (although loop is beautiful in its own demented way). "but pretty much every bit I have seen (which is not that much) has nothing to do with functional (in the "strict" sense)" CL is the ultimate "multi-paradigm" language. You can program imperatively to your heart's content with progn. CLOS+MOP is perhaps the world's most advanced object oriented system. Meta-programming taken to what would be considered absurd levels in other languages with defmacro. Now, your code will flow more nicely if written in a functional style. But you are definitely right that CL does not restrict you to functional programming. There are a bunch of stories like this about the young Steve Jobs. He would totally ignore protocol and directly ask to speak to the CEO of whatever company he wanted to do business with, even as a college drop out kid. More often than not the CEO in question would recognize a kindred spirit and be pleased to speak with him. Flows nicely with Vladimir Putin being Person of the Year and all. The only difference in being an entrepreneur is you have the privilege of sucking up to customers directly, instead of sucking up to a boss as a proxy. Are there enough attempted terrorist attacks to demonstrate which techniques are and are not effective in stopping them? There are a lot of cancer patients to test potential remedies on, and for control groups, etc. What is the corresponding methodology for terrorist attacks? I've done things like that often enough (putting parens around file contents or each line of an ascii file) that I wonder if it would be worth writing a macro that inserted the parens for you on the fly as you read the file before handing it off to the code you want to execute. I know that was vague, but I just get the feeling I'm often doing something semi-manually in Emacs that my code should be doing for me. Weird. I was just in the middle of watching lecture 3 of Strang's course. I don't think there has been much improvement since the Objective-C version of WebObjects. Like today? I notice that "implement a blog" is the new "Hello World" for introducing a web framework. Uh, it wasn't directed at you. If it was some kind of international forum with a delegate of Americans, granted, that would be pretty annoying. The subtext here is that Republicans have obviously tried to claim that criticism of them is criticism of your country and therefore distasteful. Some liberals, progressives, have responded by taking the bait and basically, saying "Yeah, we do suck. The world should hate us. Etc." While you in the rest of the world may think that statement is exactly correct, for some reason it has not led to electoral success. Obama has been clever enough to side step the whole thing. He has been withering in his criticism of the current administration. At the same time, he has made a theme of not running to be president of only the "blue" parts of this country. And he has backed this up with speeches about issues that, while not changing his more or less standard Democratic positions, express respect for people who disagree with him. So, the spontaneous "U.S.A" chants were directed at both the current administration and its supporters, and whatever parts of the opposition that have given up on this country. It was a way of saying that we can get past partisanship and actually start thinking about doing what we need to do to fix our real problems as a country. And, I did see your smiley. But I thought an explanation of what this means to someone living in the U.S.A. (speaking only for myself, of course) might be useful. "The only thing remotely interesting here is the color of the candidate's skin, which shows we still have a problem with racism." The fact that a black presidential candidate won with a substantial margin in an almost entirely white state shows that "we still have a problem with racism"? I see a lot of complaints about "platitudes" here, but I think this glosses over the impact of the Obama campaign. There is not really much disagreement about what the important issues are. Get out of Iraq. Stop using fossil fuels. Get everyone affordable health insurance. Inflation and stagnant wages. There is a general consensus now that these are the U.S.'s big problems and we need pragmatic solutions to them. (The other consensus is that the Republican party has collapsed and needs to be removed from power as soon as possible.) What Obama is offering is a way out of the broken record of baby boomer liberal vs. conservative rhetoric. If Hillary wins, we're in for 4 to 8 more years of the same old partisan story line that has played out since her husband was elected. Many Americans are more than sick of that and that is what Obama is appealing to and that is why he won. And I think his attitude is basically right. More than specific policy proposals at this moment, Americans need a new mindset. Metaphor alert! "Gong side by side with the above, the danger any new industry faces is that instead of the powerful companies or parents and guardians for want of an analogy, looking after the young, supporting them with their wealth and helping them grow from acorns into a wild symbiotic forest, they cannibalize them, treating them as cattle that they feed from, inevitably leaving a baron desert in their wake." I think "obsession" is a bit hyperbolic. Have you ever been a minority anywhere? I only lived in Japan for about a year, but I was very aware of how differently I was perceived as the tall white guy. I don't see how you can grow up black in the U.S.A. and not have that be a fundamental part of shaping your experience, especially when you consider the racial history here. Add to that his white mother and time living outside the U.S., that is a lot of influences to assimilate. I'm not sure what your point about the church is. Yes, it is very pro-black and pro-African, but I don't see anything that is explicitly "anti" anyone else. Would be interested to see the welcome for a white person walking in on Sunday, though. :) Having said that, I did go to a church once where ours was the only white family among black Haitian immigrants. And that was a pretty cool experience. "These are the politics that got us the Iraq war. These are the politics that got us illegal wiretapping. These are the politics that make it legal for the government to kidnap you in the middle of the night and torture you until you're nothing but a shell of a man." These are things about which Obama has been pretty specific about. He was, from the start, unequivocally against the Iraq war. He has said simply that the U.S. must stop torturing people. I'm honestly not sure about the exact details of his stance towards wiretapping, however. So my point is that Obama has been very clear and forthright about a lot of things. Another thing that impresses me is his ability to avoid pandering. There was a woman who asked him if Social Security could be expanded to cover some specific problem her brother had (sorry for not remembering more specifics) and he simply told her "No, I don't think we can afford to cover that for everyone." Sounds like a simple thing, but politicians almost never give a straight answer to that kind of question. Furthermore, do you think more detailed policy proposals would have done anything about the current abuses of power we are seeing? Do you think torture and wiretapping would have been in a pdf somewhere if we just demanded more policy details from Bush on his website in 2000? You can give lots of specifics, and that's not bad. But it's not realistic to expect the details of a candidate's campaign proposals will be enacted intact as legislation someday. There will be negotiation and compromise along the way. This also seems relevant: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/01... Specifically: "Barack Obama believes we need a business and regulatory landscape in which entrepreneurs and small businesses can thrive, start-ups can launch, and all enterprises can compete effectively while investors and consumers are protected against bad actors that cross the line." See! Obama wants your start-up to launch! :) Lisp. "Typical employees can't even keep their Windows systems free of spyware." He also predicts the demise of the PC. "As long as someone accidentally backing a truck into a power cable in San Francisco can immediately take down a third of these bratty little Web 2.0 outfits, little of what Carr says is going to transpire anytime soon." You can make the same argument for on-site power generation. That didn't keep companies from using the power grid. "Oh, and good luck getting companies off Exchange Server." This is actually a good point, for reasons of compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley, etc. Corporations likely want tight control of email for legal reasons, at least for now. If that gets solved by an off-site email provider to the satisfaction of corporate attorneys, on-site Exchange installations won't last long, either. "Anyone at Google can process terabytes of data. And they can get their results back in about 10 minutes, so they can iterate on it and try something else if they didn't get what they wanted the first time." I remember when people used to say that there were no serious barriers to entry in the search business. I don't think anyone's says that anymore. "(e.g. not Clinton)" Which one? Here's a good comparison: http://markwatson.com/blog/2008/01/cool-common-lisp-elephant... Performance is a big difference: "Common Lisp compiled code runs much faster than Ruby: typical benchmark results are about 30 times faster - but Ruby's slowness is mitigated if a lot of processing is performed in native libraries like Ferret." I don't think Ruby has all of the functionality of CLOS or the Meta Object Protocol. Here's Matz commenting on the lack of multi-methods in Ruby: http://blade.nagaokaut.ac.jp/cgi-bin/scat.rb/ruby/ruby-talk/... "Most OO langauge includes Ruby see methods as "element of an object" This does not hold for CLOS. You loose the tight relationship but gain a new level of flexibility." Beyond that, I would say pick a programming methodology and there is probably a CL implementation of it somewhere out there built with macros. That's due to the greater maturity of CL and "real macros" (which have been well covered by others already). And beyond macros, the "code as data" paradigm enabled by s-expressions has other uses (I think Steve Yegge mentioned "executable log files" as an example). I think this nails the challenge of getting started with Common Lisp: 'With Lisp, newbies say "How do I get started?" and instead of a URL, they get "Lisp is a family of languages, with the primary branches being Common Lisp and Scheme. But these are just language standards with a number of implementations. Which implementation is best for you depends on your platform and computing needs." Huh?' I think SBCL is closest to being the default CL implementation, but the functionality on Mac/Windows still isn't quite caught up to the Linux version. Threading seems to be the biggest sticking point. If you have a Mac, the best starting point I know of is ReadyLisp: http://www.newartisans.com/software/readylisp.html Well, that just complicates my "language to learn this year" decision. Last year was Common Lisp. I was planning on doing Python this year. Then recently Scala has been looking very interesting, with the functional/static thing with not bad performance and access to the whole Java stack (I program Java at my job). Now Arc might be a possibility. At this rate, it will be December and I'll still be trying to decide. Touche. :) I think you're right. I already found a task for Python to do, spent a couple weeks (off and on) refining it, and at the end I seemed to have used all of the prominent features of Python somewhere in that script. At the end of that, I had this vague feeling that I now "knew" Python and wasn't sure what was left to learn. So, you are confirming my vague feeling and I can now move on to Scala and decide whether or not to switch to Arc once it emerges. :) When a software company says "shipping this Summer", for example, that usually means the very last before the autumnal equinox. So, if Arc is available for download at UTC 5:48am on March 20, pg will have met his goal. :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equinox I knew about list comprehensions, but generator expressions add some new tricks. And I also now have a clearer idea of what constraint propagation means. Thanks for the link! Java is on a very short list of the world's most used programming languages. This strikes me as another case of "people overestimate a new technology's effect over the next five years and underestimate its effect over the next 10 years." Java did not replace existing desktop software. But it took over most enterprise web server-side development and in the process helped to make most enterprise desktop software development irrelevant. So, perhaps the initial hype did not play out exactly as expected. But the success of Java does suggest the level of hype was justified, if misdirected. This was worth clicking on the link alone: "You make what you measure. Merely measuring something regularly will help you to improve it. And not measuring it will almost guarantee failure." Will try to think of ways to incorporate that in whatever I'm doing. "The new intro classes are in Python, which you could argue has the immediate benefit of being used in the world outside of MIT." Yep. They can tell incoming freshmen they can use Python when they get a job at Google. Something that was not true of Scheme. I'm watching the Gilbert Strang linear algebra course to pick up enough for other classes I am taking. Saves me using up an entire semester for that (I have a tuition benefit which I am using to take one class for semester; so I can take Information Retrieval now instead of taking Linear Algebra and waiting until next Spring.). This is the article they should have written in the first place. Much more detail, much better qualified arguments. And the point about each generation of computer scientists reinventing the wheel. Lisp being 50 years old and all that. "You're saying white people can jump? ;)" When this comes up, I always like to point to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIBA_World_Championship Professionals started participating in 1994. Since then, the U.S.A. has won exactly once (in 1994). If you look at team photos of recent medalists, you will see many pigmentally challenged individuals (Spain, Greece, Argentina, Yugoslavia, etc.). Further anecdotes: the last three NBA MVP awards went to a white German guy (one time) and a white Canadian guy (two times). Presidents can't make laws. At most, they can veto them. They can't set the budget. They can nominate Supreme Court justices, but have no control over them once nominated and often they interpret laws differently than how the appointing president thought they would. I can no longer say that the President can not unilaterally declare and wage war, but I can say that the Constitution grants the power to declare war to the Congress. So what is the point of the Presidency, then? Especially in our day of modern media, a very big part of the President's ability to accomplish things is his ability to persuade the American people to work to achieve common goals. So maybe just "looking Presidential" or "sounding Presidential" is not important in and of itself. But if that is part of an overall power of persuasion devoted to noble ends, that can be a very important characteristic for a President, indeed. Considering the current state of the Republican party, the Democratic candidates probably represent something closer to a "free economy" at this point. And of the remaining declared Democratic and Republican candidates, only Ron Paul has opposed the war so unambiguously. Also, not much commentary yet on Obama bringing in Lawrence Lessig to advise him on technology issues. As that's probably the closest to being relevant to Hacker News, I would think that would get more discussion and some credit for Obama (again, relative to other actual candidates, not some idealized candidate who might agree with you on every issue). I think the whole point of an endorsement is to make a cogent argument for why you believe such and such a person is the best candidate for such and such a position. So whether or not you find it persuasive, the endorsement itself is an attempt at a cogent argument. You are certainly free to ignore or disagree with the conclusion. I don't think this author makes his point very well. But I think Amit makes a similar point here: http://amitp.blogspot.com/2007/04/lisp-vs-python-syntax.html Single quote summary: "When I'm writing code I prefer Lisp; when I'm reading code I prefer Python." I think where Mr. Kesteloot goes wrong is comparing Lisp with Java. Java sucks both for reading and writing, pretty much. "For example, my language of choice for doing Web development now is Python. ..." To Lisper: It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. I think that's somewhat unproductive. The Lisp user base is so small now that there isn't much sense "marketing" to that audience by comparing Arc to Scheme, CL, etc. So, an alternative question: what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? Anyone have an Eeeeee PC? They sound really interesting. They put to the test the idea all you need is a constant connection to the web to do all of your work today. I generally develop with telnet + Emacs over XWindows, anyways. "Surely neural interfaces can render most coding obsolete eventually." I am skeptical of that. I think that a good programming language can be a great help for making ideas precise and exploring their ramifications. We may have some vague notion of what seems a great idea, but when we go to express it in a precise way find out that there are significant obstacles that were not at first evident. So, the read-eval-print-loop of a good "exploratory" language might still be very useful, even in a world with neural-computer interfaces. Given your criteria of "consistent and easy grammar" I would put Python before Ruby. There may be other measures that make Ruby more 'concise' than Python. Long before the advent of computers, mathematical notation provided a way to more precisely express ideas than natural language. Of course, if you are verbose enough, you can express mathematical ideas with prose. But the corresponding mathematical notation will probably be more clear and easier to manipulate than the prose version for someone well versed in both "languages." Programming languages can similarly provide for precise, concise expression of ideas. Your example is a huge leaky abstraction waiting to happen. What if something about the resulting program is very different than what you expected or wanted? How do you know at what point things went wrong? How do you fix it? What if there were ramifications that were not clear at the high level of your conversation, but the machine dutifully did what you "wanted", with repercussions like Mickey in the Sorcerer's Apprentice? The only way programming languages will no longer be useful in the future is if algorithmic thinking is no longer useful. Is that your assumption here? "(incidentally, what could we call Smalltalk/Scheme/Forth to group them together?)" Axiomatic Languages? "I really mean 'why', just why are they bothering with Yahoo?" Anyone else old enough to remember Novell combining with WordPerfect way back when to take on Microsoft? You'd think Ballmer, having been through that on the winning side would know better. I'm curious to hear replies from people experienced with Scala, Haskell, or other static-functional languages. I've looked at Scala, and type inference seems like it would be a big win compared to declare-every-type languages like Java. (I haven't written Scala programs so I don't know for sure.) I haven't learned Haskell, but I get turned off by the school-marm "statefulness is sin" attitude. I like that Lisps generally push you in the direction of good functional programming style without preventing you from doing imperative, or OO, or whatever style you think matches your particular problem best. However, what the static-functional languages seem to have going for them is giving the compiler more to work with to improve performance. Scala and Haskell seem to do well on benchmark tasks. And, despite being turned off by Haskell's draconian enforcement of pure-functional programming, I was impressed when I saw that you could enable parallelization with a simple annotation on the section of code you wanted to run concurrently. Of course, Erlang fits this as well, but I think is not nearly as fast as Haskell for sequential code perhaps due to lack of static typing. I admire SBCL for the performance they get out of Common Lisp. I've heard they do good type inferencing even on dynamically typed code, and of course Common Lisp has optional type declarations that the compiler can use to speed things up. So, it appears that strong static typing might enable compilers that emit faster code. What do you all think? "Bill Clinton is even more charismatic..." I would say that, in 2007/2008, Obama is far more charismatic. Bill Clinton has tried to inject his "charisma" into this campaign on his wife's behalf and has not made a dent in the "charsima gap" between his wife and Obama. Trying to compare charisma of 1992 Bill to 2008 Barack is like trying to athletes across eras. Different issues, different prevailing attitudes among the populace, etc. Living in Pittsburgh, I don't see myself being able to give this up . Sunday lunch at my parents or in-laws, with the game on, is an entrenched family tradition. Formula 1 or Calcio when the Steelers aren't playing (my father in law is an Italian immigrant, if you hadn't guessed). I have surprised myself, though, by totally forgetting about some weeknight Steelers games this year. I guess that's progress. Your analysis of elapsed time is sobering. For those of you who haven't lived here, the Steelers are basically the city's religion. pg would understand what I mean: http://www.paulgraham.com/gateway.html (grep football) I'm a Lost addict. And now Heroes. I find one of the most edifying things to watch (as TV programs go) is the Charlie Rose show. He basically invites interesting people and lets them talk. Much better than the chopped up sound bites that pass for interviews on American "news." "In the last few weeks I have literally had a few meetings every single day, in order to get the spec right, plus I sent dozens of emails per day." 1. Good use of objects. 2. The use of CSS provides a good way for customizing look and feel without diving into source code so much. Reading the description, my thought process was "So don't we already have pdf and Acrobat for that?" Looking at the actual demo, my thought process was "Wow, Acrobat really sucks." "1. If your parents make 100k+ but don't want to spend it on your education, you're screwed." With tuition and expenses running 40k+ a year, I think that could put a crimp in the budget of a family making a little more than 100k+. "I am sure that Stanford has done it's sums and taken into account the net impact of attracting applications from bright students coming from less well of homes." If you read the article, I think it's clear that Stanford has taken into account U.S. Senators questioning it's tax exempt status when it has a ballooning endowment along with big tuition increases. "Many of the inner-city neighborhoods that began their decline in the 1960s consisted of sturdily built, turn-of-the-century row houses, tough enough to withstand being broken up into apartments, and requiring relatively little upkeep. By comparison, modern suburban houses, even high-end McMansions, are cheaply built. Hollow doors and wallboard are less durable than solid-oak doors and lath-and-plaster walls. The plywood floors that lurk under wood veneers or carpeting tend to break up and warp as the glue that holds the wood together dries out; asphalt-shingle roofs typically need replacing after 10 years. Many recently built houses take what structural integrity they have from drywall—their thin wooden frames are too flimsy to hold the houses up." That's progress for you. Actually, with the coming of broadcast HD, this one is making a comeback: http://obsoleteskills.com/Skills/AdjustingTheRabbitEarsOnYou... I've been spending a lot of time moving my antenna around to get HD signals 'cause I'm too cheap to pay for HD cable. Full article here: http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08051/858776-388.stm "no longer a pain in the ass" One of the better slogans I've read in a while. "Ok, now put the play bar on the left. No wait, the right. A little more. Good, right there." Users would put up with this for about 10 seconds before just grabbing the mouse and dragging things where they want them. I think that's why voice interfaces have not become popular. PC applications tend to be developed for a direct manipulation (window, icon, menu, pointing device) paradigm, so adding a voice interface doesn't help much. A useful voice interface requires an entirely new UI paradigm. Leaky abstractions. Several people have pointed out that people lacking the word "programmer" in their job description write code to get their jobs done. But what happens when they have two scripts that look similar to them but one finishes in an hour and the other is still running two weeks later? Then you need someone to break out the big O notation, look at the source code for the high level language and figure out what's really happening. The need for this will continue to diminish over time in most firms. However, for companies that provide software over the internet this will remain very important (make something at Google 5% faster and you're probably saving them a whole lot of money). So, just one more reason to make sure your career does not hinge on getting paid to write software at a place where software is not the main source of revenue. That's the idea behind the Mini, but I think Apple's heart's not really fully behind it. This made me think of something Peter Drucker wrote, and I think it came from the article summarized here: http://knowledgeworks.wordpress.com/2007/06/05/article-the-c... pg says that the modern firm is the product of modern technology, but this summary of Drucker's article points out that technology is also obviating the need for much of the "middle management" layers that pg criticizes as anathema to humankind's natural state. I'm pretty sure somewhere Drucker also says that the only reason to keep activities within a single firm is because the transaction costs are lower than having activities performed by an outside firm. I think he also argued that as transaction costs between firms fall due to technology, it makes sense to "outsource" more and more, which of course we are seeing in today's economy. Which suggests that we should see more small firms over time. Too bad Drucker is no longer with us. I'm sure he would have a lot more interesting things to say relevant to startups. If nothing else, should offer a big confidence and morale booster to envision yourself as a lion prowling in the wild as you furiously hack away at your startup. Good summary of politics on the Internets: "Could such a game augur the outcome of the next presidential election? Probably not. The armies of John McCain and Barack Obama have already been routed, and Hillary Clinton’s forces are trapped in New England. Jockeying for control of the rest of the country are the armies of Representative Ron Paul of Texas and the comedian Stephen Colbert." This is hands down the best rebuttal to pg's arguments for young men to start a SV startup that I've read. (Actually, for young women, too, but for the opposite reason.) "(or stealing their trucking jobs)" This was covered in a Simpsons episode. Turns out that all the trucks already drive themselves, but the truckers' union has prevented that information getting out to the general public. (Couldn't find it on youtube.) The original rant was far more informative and interesting, swear words and all, than this verbose, psycho-babble twaddle. This is just a long-winded exercise in stereo-typing bordering on bigotry. Interesting to contrast with this (top of Hacker News at this moment): http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/03/26/communicate-acquires-y-... In Japan, URLs are on the way out, while a U.S. company who's main asset is a bunch of domain names are buying a YCombinator start-up to further monetize them. EDIT: I can't believe I just used "monetize" un-ironically in a sentence. Yes, I think Kurzweil's response would be that these things will be replaced in people with a condition that would be fatal if the original organs were left intact. Over time, people would be come more and more "cybernetic" as their natural parts failed and technology came up with "improved" replacements. I think of this similarly to cloning. Anyone egocentric and arrogant enough to think "what the world really needs is another, identical copy of me" should be prohibited from doing so on principle. For the case of AI/robotic duplicates, make that "what the world really needs is another, identical, immortal copy of me." "That's more common than not, if you look at recent web startups." It is likely common in failed web startups, also. Congratulations! "At the end of the day, it depends on your audience. Just ask Karl Rove and James Carville. ;)" I believe their area of expertise is propaganda, not argument. (But I suppose both could be a form of rhetoric.) Startup idea! Make it so you can tag arbitrary pages from within your browser, and other people visiting the page can see the tags if they wish. Imagine the fun of doing this with the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, in addition to blogs and discussion forums, etc. etc. What's the hierarchy level for failed attempts at humor? Given your econ major, surely there must be some interesting problems you have come across that you would like to attack by writing some programs? Python is a great language to dive into. Easy to learn because it intentionally left out most of the boiler-plate fluff from other languages and lets you just express your solution in a direct, concise fashion. If you get to the point where you need to crunch large number sets, check out scipy and numpy (just google). Takes a slight effort to set up initially, but then allows you to quickly process lots of numbers. Linear algebra, optimization, etc. "Fast good programmer > slow good programmer > fast bad programmer > slow good programmer." Got a cycle in your graph :). Laptops and servers are the future (present?), I think. The laptop is your way of interfacing with data. Ergonomics (such as easy portability) are very important here. Hook up large display and maybe more comfortable keyboard/mouse when appropriate. iPhone provides another set of ergonomic trade-offs (even more portable, interface options even more constrained). Non-volatile storage in these devices become more of a caching mechanism over time; more and more of our data will reside on a server somewhere we never physically see. Then the universe of large scale processing power and data storage is The Network. Amazon S3/EC2 and the like. Most people on the planet will never physically see this hardware at all. But we use these resources constantly as we browse, interact, communicate, and work on the web. So, two directions for the future of computing. Ergonomics is King for consumer devices (Apple is thriving in this market), and economies of scale (Google the poster child here, interesting in that they do not design or develop hardware at all, but write software to make commodity hardware scale in amazing ways). Shouldn't you have "SPOILER ALERT!" next to that link? Just in case you were wondering of relevance to Hacker News before reading the article: "Even though some may look like they have a frown on their face, they are very friendly people - many of them just work in offices, jobs they don't enjoy, and so they do not smile as much as they should." "and then attacking specific small startups unprovoked does not seem like a very proper way to spread the word" DH2. Responding to Tone. http://www.paulgraham.com/disagree.html "...and while they're happy to take the cash the business throws off, it's not what they're focused on." "So what is that? Making more media, we gather." Interestingly, the T-shirts are actually a form of media for delivering jokes. "Otherwise, the features you mentioned are basically available elsewhere; Visual Basic has closures. C++ has multiple inheritance. Python has multimethods. Ruby has class redefinitions." Exactly. Common Lisp is close to a superset of the features of other programming languages. Even in cases where Common Lisp lacks a feature, if it's something that can be expressed by changing syntax, macros can get you pretty close. I remember a thread on comp.lang.lisp where several people had a go at adding pattern matching to Common Lisp, for example, and were able to get a pretty long way towards that goal in a short amount of time. Another example: seems like half of the Lisp books out there present an implementation of Prolog in Lisp. "And what about CLOS? Does not make Lisp, in your words, a "hash programming language"?" I think in the "hash" languages, you usually consider the method to "belong" to an object in some way. With multi-method dispatch, the relationship between objects and methods is more fluid. So I think there is a difference here, too. It's not that "list" languages only use tree structures for everything, just that trees are the more "natural" choice in those languages. "I wonder if they're really learning anything useful other than how to bullshit." Your formulation concedes, of course, that being able to bullshit is, indeed, a useful skill. I would go farther to say that the ability to bullshit well should not be mis-underestimated. Clerk: "Occupation?" Comicus: "Standup Philosopher!" Clerk: "What?" Comicus: "Standup Philosopher! I coalesce the vapor of human experience into a viable and logical comprehension." Clerk: "Oh - a Bullshit Artist!" Comicus: "Hmmmmmm...." Clerk: "Did you bullshit last week?" Comicus: "No." Clerk: "Did you try to bullshit last week?" Comicus: "Yes!" http://woodmoorvillage.typepad.com/zendo/2005/02/bullshit_ar...