Isn't #3 what your network is for? Wow, that was sobering. First program was a basic spaceship animation in the 80s. Whoa. Great post. Makes me want to bring these concepts to my CEOand work out our core and cultural competencies. Or, you could use a catch all email address to give every site their own unique email: sitename@yourdomain.com. More outlined here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/219 Then you know who is selling/losing your email address. And pipe those particular addresses to /dev/null Yup, I have had that happen more than once with my company address ( that is hosted with google apps). 17 bucks a month is expensive? I find olark to be inexpensive and effective. No I am not an employee, just a happy customer. Yes, I believe this is pretty much standard practice. Keeps Google from getting confused by duplicate content and sends all the juice from links to one url rather than two. I've found that joining clubs (either informal, like the climbing club I was a member of) or formal (like the Odd Fellows or Masons or Kiwanis) is a great way to meet friends. You still have to deal with the time issues, but at least you don't have tensions of work--and as a plus you get to meet people with different types of employment and age. However, the main issue is that when you are in college and your early 20s, you tend have gobs of time to make friends--once you hit a certain age (or marital status or child status) other activities come first. Might as well celebrate the closeness with your family or your work achievements as kvetch about the difficulty of making friends. I'm in my mid 30s. Yeah, and that's cross browser and available today, in contrast to some of the other CSS mentioned. Short term health insurance doesn't offer much protection, and most accelerators are aimed at a short term commitment. However, I'd think it would be great if an accelerator would act as an umbrella organization, letting startups buy cheaper health insurance while small, through aggregation, even after the initial accelerator commitment is done. Good reasons not to use it: * you are only interested in developing for one platform--ios. * you have obj c and any other language talent in house, but don't have c# talent * you need to use tons of custom native libraries that the framework doesn't have bindings for * you want to avoid vendor lockin So much of this depends on context, some of which you provided. What is your comfort level with these technologies? What would your effective rate be for each of the scenarios? Are there components or databases (sql server) that make particular tech choices more sensible? How much time to tear down and start anew? What pressures or deadlines are you facing from the business? I don't see anything in your explanation that would push my opinion one way or another, which means that you should probably take the long term view and do the rewrite. Here's a post about basics of job descriptions, but it also has some tips for a/b testing your hiring posts: http://katemats.com/benefits-job-description-prove-wrong/ Resumes are for chumps. Don't do it, spend the time getting to know the company you want to work for, or people you'd like to work with. Frankly, I don't want to compete on the basis of my resume! Keywords and biz speak are hard to avoid on these documents. And now that everyone can spray their resume at hiring managers without licking a stamp, sending in a resume really is a waste of time. It almost always has been that way, read 'What Color is Your Parachute' for a taste of job hunting over the past few decades. Get to know someone at the company, do a contract to hire, do a gig, volunteer with someone, even read and comment on a blog or twitter feed of someone in the company. All these are far more likely to lead to conversations that will let you know if you actually want to work there, and if you'll be a good fit. Can I ask what you use it for? Regression testing? A web directory? Here's a post about what data sources Apple is using: http://mobile.theverge.com/2012/6/11/3078987/apple-tomtom-op... I did the same thing, but it was a ticket to Australia and a work visa. One benefit of taking this kind of time off is that it lets you know what you truly love. After a few months of kicking around, reading books in parks, seeing sites and meeting some cool folks, I found myself reading web tech articles. That was an eye opener to me--"hey, I really like this career path!" I found it interesting that he barely touched what I feel is the most important part of freelancing: marketing. Yes, right now you can name your price if you are a good developer, but how do you show that, and how do you evaluate projects? (I know he touched on what kind of clients to keep.) When I freelanced, I evaluated clients on three criteria: * had I worked with them in the past? * did I know anyone who had worked with them in the past? * everyone else If I trusted them or people who had worked with them, it made the engagement easier all around (though you still need a contract!). As far as finding new clients, I relied on word of mouth, which probably didn't lead to as many opportunities as would have occurred if I was more active in various communities, but I was ok with that at the time. Also, I wonder what the author moved on to? Your story proves that sometimes you have to find a bigger crowd and/or a different approach, not that crowd sourcing sucks. Either way, nice work! Hmmm. Interesting post. I might say that the closer community members are, the more the reward or incentive is getting to know the other members rather than fame or money. After all, that is the reward for interacting with offline communities based on close ties like family. Well, except for interactions with that rich uncle /sarcasm. Or, an equivalent statement, if the love you have for the folks is strong enough to survive through the crises. It's easy to love folks when everything is going swimmingly. (BTW, I have no idea what crises, if any, the author and their company have gone through. Maybe that'd be a good post for them?) Go to a meetup in your area. Go to a bunch, in fact. Some focusing on an industry you'd like to freelance for, some focusing on a technology you are familiar with. Talk to people at said meetups. When you find someone looking for what you are offering, do a small project with them. That lowers risk for you and for them. Make sure you have a written contract and set of requirements, and that you know if you are billing hourly or per project. Wash, rinse, repeat. I'd stay away from odesk/elance because you'll be competing on price. I met one client from Craigslist, so you could check there, but I'd limit it to your area, because face to face communication is important. Especially for your first couple of contracts. Also, I'd look for a more senior freelancer to take to coffee for advice on this kind of stuff. You are correct, it is a correlation, not a causation. I think I mentioned that in the disclaimers. It is really hard to control for all the variables (price, motivation of seller, location, who the listing agent knows, what style of home is hot), but all other things being equal, it's better to have more photos for a listing. In fact, since it is one of the easiest things to control (it's a lot easier to snap 25 photos than change the price point of a house) I'd argue it is one of the things home sellers should expect. Would love to hear your suggestions on making this more rigorous. Off the top of my head, it'd be interesting to list a set of same homes twice, once with few photos and once with many photos, and see what the difference in response was. Unfortunately, that is a bit beyond my scope for the time being. Thanks for the joke! I appreciate your comments. I like the idea of option number two, because it still gets to the end goal--a sale. It'd be a bigger project than I want to take on, though. Option number three gauges interest in a scientific manner, but assumes that interest is a valid proxy for the end goal of a sale. I'm not sure how true that assumption is. I've window shopped homes that I had no intention (nor capability) of buying. My employer one had a record day because one of the homes on the site was a football player's and had gotten mentioned in an ESPN blog. In both cases, interest was only vaguely related to purchase capability. Testing all the way to the end of the funnel (home sale) is key, and difficult. This article is from 2009. Here is a TED talk by Sadoway from 2012, if you want a more recent look at the technology: http://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_... Is open source software a complementary good or a substitute good for developer labor? I think the answer is that it tends to be a complementary good, driving demand for developer labor. Apache, mysql, ror, etc, let more of a company's software budget be paid to labor than would have happened with Netscape server, oracle or some costly 4gl language. There are times when it is a plain substitute, especially when combined with that mechanic you speak of. See http://mikecr.it/ramblings/drupals-golden-handcuffs for more on that. More on complementary and substitute goods: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/StrategyLetterV.html It is interesting that they are looking for someone who can complete an entire product cycle. Maybe looking for flexibility, if they are a consulting shop? Or seniority--someone who can do all that has been around the block? Or maybe they are such a small shop they can't afford specialists? I have been in this full lifecycle role almost my entire career, often as a consultant, and it has benefits and downsides. You are always learning something new and have a wide view of the software world, as well as the ability to really dig into new toes of problems. But sometimes you feel a mile wide and an inch deep. Good points about programmer value, but it's not clear why the author thinks they are underpaid. A reverse caller id app like NumberGuru might be a good idea too. At the end of the post, the advice is "Just pick something and see how far you can get with it." I have to disagree. I wouldn't point anyone who is non technical towards a language that is not memory managed, nor would I point them to a non mainstream language. Why point them to a language where they have to worry about memory allocation. While it is important to understand eventually, for most beginners it is a needless complication and chance to shoot yourself in the foot. Why point them to a non mainstream language whe the number of tutorials, forums and ore resources for help are plentiful with a more popular language. There is tremendous value in learning languages that are wildly different, but for starters, one with lots of support is the best option. Here's a nice post about programming language popularity: http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2012/09/12/language-rankings-9-12... . The languages I would recommend would be in the upper right corner of the graph. Finally, and most important, what did the beginner want to do? If they wanted to write an excel plugin, steering them to objective C would be a disservice, and if they wanted to build a webpage, choosing something like vb would be a bad idea as well. I agree. The data is not the best, but having some data is better than none, as long as the graph is taken with a grain of salt. Great post. I have had several family members and work colleagues get burned by partnerships, but can point to one or two successful pairings. I wondered what the deal was. You present a compelling thesis, and I look forward to finding out what they (the successful partners) think of it. It would have been a stronger article if you could have talked about methods to keep values in sync. That's an interesting point. The way to combat that is with long term relationships. For example, I work as a software developer for a real estate brokerage, and have mentioned the sell side realtor scenario you bring up. The answer is always: yes, it is in the short term interest of the realtor to take the first offer. But in the long term (as they screw more and more people) they will be hurt by this behavior. In fact, there is long term incentive (because, in the US at least, people buy and sell homes multiple times over a lifetime) to get the best deal for the seller, so that they will: * refer the realtor * use the realtor again To bring it back to recruiting, if you had a relationship with the recruiter, and they knew you were going to go back to them in 1 or 5 years when you were ready to move on to your next job, they would have a rational interest in finding you the right job (and the same interests hold true if employers have a relationship with the recruiter). This relationship, if it exists, really turns the recruiter into a headhunter. (Aside, here's my favorite headhunter/recruiting information source: http://asktheheadhunter.com/ ) I found the article interesting because he was talking about how mobile distractions could be better managed: "Now, I’d love for there to be a way for me to know about high priority interrupts – things that actually are urgent. But my iPhone doesn’t do this at all in any discernable way. There are too many different channels to reach me and they aren’t effectively conditioned – I either have to open them up to everyone (e.g. txtmsg via my phone number) or convince people to use a specific piece of software – many, such as Glassboard – which are very good, but do require intentional behavior on both sides." Again, not rocket science, but considering on the production side there are many folks jockeying for attention on your mobile device (download my app, use my app) it is interesting to hear from someone who funds some of those companies that a break is needed. I for one will be interested to follow along as he tries other methods to increase effectiveness of the immediacy of his smartphone "interrupts". I think this is a great idea, though I would have loved for the article to be more in depth and actually had some quotes from one of the 5 teams that have been greenlighted. Autonomy at work can be so very precious. I don't know what kind of programmer I am, but I do know that most of my leaps in productivity come from three sources (I am a web developer): * experience * really understanding what the client or business needs, so I don't spend my time building something that doesn't meet the needs of the user * finding a tool or library that gets 80-100% of the job done rather than me writing the code (my favorite scenario!) I believe there are many domains where the above factors are enough to make you a great developer, though perhaps not a 1000x dev. I ran into many of the same issues, and my company is based in the USA and I was able to get a DUNS number fairly easily. I contrasted this with my experience with google play here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/890 I don't know why Apple makes getting an account so difficult.... Perhaps to filter out fly bynight mobile app developers? I would. it is tedious and time consuming, but not necessarily a lot of effort. Just, as some of the comments imply, a lot of waiting. I can't see it hurting anything, as long as you have the time to fill out a silly form a couple of times. I have an iPad and love it, but haven't bought a single app for it. Sure I use some free apps, bit what is the single most used app? Safari, for, wait for it, browsing the web. It will be interesting to see how today's kids get into content generation with less keyboard experience and I do believe that tablets will rose over huge chunks of the internet user experience--it is just too easy to consume content using one. But the end the open web of google and web search? And the rise of the special purpose app for everything? I don't think so. Not as long as tablets ship with standards compliant browsers. As always, the answer is "it depends". What is your market? Who are your users? It is better to start with the market and problem you want to address, then find out what kind of platforms they possess (and plan to continue to possess) and build for that platform, than to start from the technology side. By "works", I think you mean "brings in more revenue than it costs" aka is profitable. But I think the author brings up a point that it may be hurting the brand unknowingly. just because you can put someone on an email campaign for years because it is super cheap, doesn't mean you are conveying your message well or building a loyal customer. And don't get me started on list sharing. My company uses Olark and loves the integration with gchat. As a developer, I like the Olark API: http://www.olark.com/documentation Hmmm... I don't think that the $50 is going to the hacker. I think that is just the fee for GetHacker to connect the project owner with a developer. See the 'get to work' bubble on the homepage: "Once a project owner decides to pick you for their project, we'll connect you both via e-mail. The GetHacker process is over, and you both can take it from there." which implies that once a match has been made, there may be further negotiation, but it won't be facilitated by GetHacker. To say nothing of running development code against a production database. If there were only two junior folks, what were the senior folks doing? What I think is fascinating is not Ang Lee's determination to last those 6 years, thought that is impressive. It is that his wife and family supported him for all those years (granted, it seems he was providing childcare). And believed in him, to the point of scolding him when he considered switching to a more immediately lucrative career. We should all be so generous to our partners. This just a corollary of the fact that has led some to propose a financial transaction tax: that the stock markets, which used to be focused on providing capital to companies, are now focused on betting faster and with more borrowed money. Hi, Here's more information about the rights of US citizens: http://www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform-immigrants-rights-racial... (I know the ACLU can be biased in their views on constitutional questions, but think the answer truthful.) In general, you don't have to answer questions about your immigration status, though, as the link notes, different "rules apply at international borders and airports, and for individuals on certain nonimmigrant visas, including tourists and business travelers." I agree that it makes sense for Amazon to charge for 3G downloads (at least, at a certain size), but it is counter productive for authors to be incented to publish crappy images. My favorite way to comment the why is to put in a URL to an external bug tracker or wiki. This means more work for the reader, but can really show the back and forth over why a decision was made. I've come across comments like this in code I wrote years ago and being able to quickly review the logic helps tremendously. It's more than just finding your weak points, it's about creative solution finding that resonates with both parties. If Brenda had offered the author unlimited mountain biking time, the author might have left the station. A lower headline number is nice, but the real question is, where is the u-6 rate going? http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm Is it better to have access to 50% of talent or 100% of talent? Some startups are 'willing' to hire whoever is best for the job but have invisible (to them) obstacles that may prevent them from doing so. I thought the article explained some of those obstacles well. What a great great post. Sorry, no witty comments to add. Will blogger stop supporting RSS? And the nice thing about gmail is that, if you had to move off of it, you could (as long as they keep the imap interface around: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/417/export-gmail-... ). There may be no feature complete alternatives, but there sure are a lot of email readers out there if you had to move off of it. My understanding is that there are saved stories and meta data that you can't export from google reader (mostly based on comments on this thread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5371725 because I don't use Google Reader and never have). Is my supposition incorrect? Having this kind of experience gives you a tremendous amount of perspective that it is hard to get in any other way. I figure he'll either come back even more passionately engaged in his development career, or take a right turn into a different direction. Either way is fine, of course--the important part is having the perspective and distance to choose wisely. I agree. Here are two (old) essays that really sum up this argument for me: How Microsoft lost the API war: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html and The Location Field Is the New Command Line: http://daringfireball.net/2004/06/location_field Note that both of these articles kvetch about user experience and how the web simply can't compare to native apps, but emphasize that the ease of deployment matters more. Also, note that the app store model obviates some of the deployment difficulties of native apps and makes it almost as easy to install native apps on the phone as it is to visit a web page. What is your definition of 'best'? Unfortunately, this argument (which tends to imply technical excellence should trump all other factors in the success of a technology) has been used in technology for a long time, but frankly, in the end doesn't matter. Ask Betamax, OS/2, etc, etc. Sorry, didn't see it up on the front page. I was actually surprised when the submission went through, this seems like a hackernews dream project (js + git + open source + crowdfunding). He might have misestimated the project scope, so there is still that risk (and perhaps that pads the number?). It's not clear to me what he'd do if it took longer than he thought (return money, finish on his own time, go back to the well for more support)? Wow, full of great advice. The biggest one for me is: acknowledge applicants. I've hired and know what a hassle it can be, but use a system, and respond to everyone. Set deadlines, and if you miss them, acknowledge that. Look, this is a possible team member--why would they believe you'll treat them with respect when they are employees if you don't treat them with respect when they aren't? Basically, it's the golden rule. It's not hard! Or thinking of a friend who might be a better fit for a position, or trying your product/service, or recommending your product/service, etc. The dividends of being kind and humane are pretty amazing. As a tech person involved in a small company (not a startup), I can vouch for this reality, because I see it every day. The tech I bring to the table is very helpful, but the service side of the business is core. There are tons (tons!) of businesses out there that can be made to scale, optimized or otherwise improved through technology, but can be proven out with nothing more than a wordpress blog (or other free, non-custom infrastructure). Definitely. All too often, I'm into building what can be bought (often bought for $0). I'm a developer because building stuff is fun, but it isn't always the right choice for the business. Right. The good agents think long term, not about selling you a house in a month instead of three to get a quick commission. Like any sales job with the possibility of repeat business, the commission matters, but so does the relationship. Disclaimer--I work as a software dev for a real estate brokerage. That said, I've spent some time thinking about whether just changing the laws would have an impact. I think the issue is bigger than this. I think that there are lots of marketplaces have sprung up via the internet, but as far as I know, the significant ones all offer products that have one of these characteristics: * the consumer buys them often [for some definition of often] (airplane tickets) * the product is fungible (books, cars) * the product is relatively cheap (stuff sold on ebay, amazon) All of these characteristics lower the risk of purchase. Housing has none of these characteristics. And I don't know how it could, short of a real manufacturing revolution or more houses built out of shipping containers. I had this exact same pattern for a while! It sounds to me like contracting is worth exploring. When I contracted (for about 7 years), I was exposed to new technologies and business domains every couple of months. I fondly remember about 2 weeks into every contract there was an 'oh sh*t' moment where I realized I was in over my head and running to keep ahead of what the client needed. Of course, that was nicely counterbalanced by the 'aaah' moment about 6 weeks in when things were finally jelling. (I mostly worked on custom web applications and ecommerce and made a decent living working 30 hours a week.) If you pursue this path, you might want to consider going out on your own as a single person consulting company, rather than going through a contracting company. You'll have more control, though less security, and will have a wider scope of project domains. That said, if you are interested in certain types of projects (J2EE, big data) you might find it hard to contract as a one person show. Of course, I don't know what your financial situation is, but if you pursue this, I'd start going to meetups, have about a year of expenses saved in the bank, and read a couple of good books like this one: http://www.amazon.com/The-Secrets-Consulting-Getting-Success... and this one: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/027363707X/002... That was an awesome answer. Sometimes constraints clear our thinking, other times we can focus on them to our detriment. I think the how is 'move closer to work', because unless both your home and your work are next to public transit stops, an hour or two commute pretty much requires a car. What a fantastic business model, relying on the misunderstanding of your customers. Does it make sense to look at the linked in API http://developer.linkedin.com/apis and build useful tools on top of the data? Not sure what the monetization strategy would be, or whether it'd be a TOS violation, but some of the features mentioned in the article would be great to have. Anyone know of example of some really big awk apps? The idea of plugging c extensions into gawk is both intriguing and slightly terrifying. Uh, how about having an open conversation between employer and employee on how to foster the employee's growth within the company? I've only worked for a few companies, but when I was hired as a full time employee, there was no expectation I'd be doing the same job forever . If anything, there was an expectation that I'd grow in role and responsibility. Now, being a contractor is different--in that case you typically are hired to perform specific duties, and if the duties change, the contract should be updated to reflect that. Some of the other issues I can see from following Rick's approach): * short termism, especially as you get to the end of your working period * loss of good people as they move on after you fire them * workforce ridigity ("I wasn't hired for that") In short, I appreciate the provocative nature of the post, but see some real fundamental problems in his solution. I think it is great to see some reflection happening in the eclipse community. It's a hallmark of a vibrant open source community. The next question is, what will come out of the reflection? Right. But such understanding will be slow at first, only performing better after years of optimization. We have faced some of the same issues. The app store just isn't as wide open as the web, so smaller players (or those late to the game) don't have the same opportunities. And I need to get stuff done, and learning a new [language/framework/shiny object] isn't always the fastest way of getting stuff done. It is better to be an expert in a few languages rather than a dilettante in many. Of course, the best of all possible worlds is to be an expert in many languages, but that often requires time that gets in the way of 'getting stuff done'. Internship programs also fulfill a similar purpose. See http://www.inc.com/magazine/20070501/column-guest.html for more. Hmmm... I love the idea of planting lots and seeing what makes it--there' just a money/time investment that makes me hesitate (again, "just do it", right?). And what if you plant an invasive perennial? Another similarity is compounding returns, both in terms of skills and 'on the ground knowledge'--the garden you have this year is the sum total of your efforts for previous years as well as your knowledge (unless you move). I think of a 4 hour commute as (at least) a 33% pay cut. Unless you're getting paid to commute. Thanks for the suggestions. The older I get, the more time is my limiting factor, rather than money. I have an guess... was the company in finance? I was an active member of CS in 2004-2005. Never surfed, hosted only once. It was a fine site, so I was sad to read that it had degraded. Here's an undocumented API for 'The Nest' thermostat: http://www.wiredprairie.us/blog/index.php/archives/1442 A quick look at programmable web turns up this... https://xively.com/ You could look at Zoho: http://www.zoho.com/productivity-apps.html That is the only alternative I know. This is a fundamental problem of our time. Perhaps the fundamental problem. I will be interested to see if there's editorial consistency between the books and between the years. That seems like it'd be a lot easier to achieve if there was one voice behind each book. On the other hand, it's not like these guides are novels, so maybe it doesn't matter as much. Absolutely. How many people do a survey of these types of tools, let alone work deeply enough with a number of them to know the warts? I've been in the position to choose bug trackers for two companies I've worked for, and I still don't feel competent to vote. Do you have any links to suggested style guides? Google returns this: http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/ or this: http://davetron5000.github.io/scala-style/index.html but do you have any that you'd recommend? I think the dual license model would have some revenue, because businesses are willing to pay money to make money. I say this as someone who paid for an open source developer to enhance a project. I won't speak for Gexla, but from my experience getting into 'PHP' is far different than getting into 'Wordpress' or 'Drupal'. Unless you are subbing for another software dev, most clients don't care about the language, they care about what business value the software will deliver. For SMEs, I don't think there's any ecosystem out there that compares with Wordpress or Drupal in availability of talent (keeping prices reasonable) and free functionality (making it possible to build a very full featured site quickly). To answer your question directly, I had a couple of years of Java when I did a PHP project (a CRUD system for my book club) and it probably took a few weeks. But I've also worked with Drupal and Wordpress and those take longer to get your head around (Wordpress to a lesser extent)--there are lots of moving pieces, and you have to try multiple plugins to know what will work (and the codebase moves quickly too). I'd budget two months for Drupal, six weeks for Wordpress, and I'd start out with simpler site proposals. OP, keep in mind that this type of work (copywriting, sales, business) is a different kind of fun than coding. Still fun, just different. From your Ask HN text, it does seem like this might be more up your alley, though. Yes, just like twitter/FB/new shiny thing, everything should be a spoke pointing back to the hub, a host (or at the least a domain) that you pay for, and therefore control. You could make the same claim about email. What happens if/when gmail starts charging? All the folks who are using google apps can move, but the people with gmail accounts have fewer (no?) options. Thanks. I am actually looking for something that tweets from my account whenevr I post to hackernews.... to save me the trouble of posting twice. From my friend who is a patent examiner: "The Mexican standoff bit would be neat. The AIA allows for third-party submissions directly into the patent application file. I am not sure that any of the larger companies would do this, but I think a devoted engineer in some of the smaller companies could use askpatents to stave off predatory patents." The tweet is now deleted. It was even more interesting to me as a set of 'canaries in a coal mine'. If you are working for a company and start to see many, or one, of these patterns, it should serve as awake up call. Move on or don't, but be aware of the corporate behavior. This is a great model, especially for underserved rural areas. I wonder if the telcos opposed it. I think that having the context to recognize a problem and solve it at a meta level means, almost by definition, that you aren't a "festering pile of shit as a programmer". Programming isn't just about writing great code, it's about solving problems. Sure, one problem to solve is having code be extensible/maintainable, but it isn't the only one. I don't care what shiny new code is written with the latest framework; if it doesn't solve a business problem, it's bad code. I found it to be interesting as well. Just anecodata, but my wife and I (I'm a dude) talk about her imposter syndrome all the time. I have it, but don't talk about it much. I used this when creating a farm share timeline: http://coloradocsas.info/pages/farm_share_timeline It was an extremely easy way to put together a very professional looking user interface. I especially love the google spreadsheets integration, which make managing the data for the timeline trivial. Highly recommended! I'm glad someone mentioned this! From http://web.nvd.nist.gov/view/vuln/detail?vulnId=CVE-2013-246... "Applies to client deployment of Java only. This vulnerability can be exploited only through sandboxed Java Web Start applications and sandboxed Java applets." Agreed. We had a summer intern who is a CS major. There were a multitude of things that he had little to no experience in that are fundamental pieces of software engineering (things like version control, deployment environments, bug tracking, testing, DRY, etc). He was a smart guy so he picked things up, but would be great to have an academic grounding for this. I saw something similar at the grad level: http://ecee.colorado.edu/~swengctf/ but haven't heard of any undergrad programs. It can be easy to pick up side gigs building brochure ware websites for companies. Just approach a business that doesn't have a website that should (coffee shop, CPA, doctor, etc, etc) and tell them you can build them one. You'll need to be persistent, though. If you are ambitious, you can turn those into recurring revenue by reselling hosting--I haven't done that because I don't want to be on the hook for down websites. Make sure you check with your employer and get written confirmation that this is OK. Seems like bad karma to me. What a great idea! I haven't done the 'sign up for everything' piece, but my wife and I have made a conscious effort to minimize what we post about our daughter online. We don't refer to her by name, we don't tag her in photos, we minimize photos of her. Now, we both have active online lives, so we talk about her online, but hopefully in a respectful manner. Sometimes it is really hard to resist sharing that cute photo, simply because sites, FB in particular, make sharing so easy, but I think we've found a path that works for us. I think a lot of parents, especially less privacy aware and/or tech savvy ones, are not aware of what they are doing for their kids when they post photos online. (Just as few non technical folks I have talked to know that the links at the top of Google search results are ads.) They just want to share information (mostly pictures) with friends and families. As of May 2012, 60% of developers didn't break even. http://arstechnica.com/apple/2012/05/ios-app-success-is-a-lo... What I took from the piece is that Android is far more developer friendly in terms of ease of development, deployment to devices for testing, and releasing. Whether that is enough to make it a 'better' platform depends on what your needs are. If I were doing a mobile startup and needed fast feedback on devices, Android's fast turnaround sure would be interesting. Not the deciding factor, but definitely a check in the Android column. This, so much. It really does feel a lot like the Mac vs PC wars again. I just wonder if Apple can learn from their mistakes in the 80s. Perhaps they are, and are trying to avoid the fate of 1990s Apple with some of the strategies mentioned in other comments. My takeaway from the article was that the cognitive overload of being in a new environment was at least as big a factor in not being able to handle meaningful work (that is to say, challenging work that forces you to grow) as the logistics. But what you suggest has merit and I'd be interested to hear what the nomads' take on it is. This is why government funding of science is so important. The government funds long term projects that couldn't possibly be 'brought to market' by a private company: weather data, gps, even that old chestnut, the internet, the postal service. The timeframe is too long, so we collectively decide to pay for basic research with the understanding that some chunk of it might be useful at some time. Basic science is not an activity that jives well with the profit motive (again, because of the long time frames), yet it is a required foundation for the 'value add' products that companies are good at bringing to market. So, the question is, do we want to continue to invest in long term thinking via the government? Do we want to structure other institutions (foundations, corporations, non profits, universities) in such a way they have an incentive to undertake long term projects? Can we have individuals take part in this? Do we want to abandon big projects with uncertain return? If someone is working a full time job (the currently employed are definitely targeted in the article), and are 'experienced'/older, and thus more likely to have other demands on their time like wife/kids, contracting, even in off hours, becomes more difficult. It won't be impossible to 'audition' but it will definitely be tougher. (To say nothing of the intellectual property issues if the possible employee is in a related field and the employer is peeved at them leaving.) If I was at a stable, good job, and wasn't looking, and someone was trying to poach me with the siren call of 'contract to hire' or 'work this weekend', well, it'd be an uphill battle for the poacher. Maybe that's why I'm not in the Bay area, working for a startup :). Upvote, since this account says they are the 'Cofounder [of] DigitalOcean.com'. I think the author had some valid points, but a better title would be "Mobile Innovation in Hardware is Over, for a while". There's still oodles and oodles of innovation to happen in software, both on the phone itself, and using the phone on a network. It's OK for hardware to become more commoditized and 'meh'--frees up more time and energy for the software side of the house. I agree. I am not sure exactly what the poster was trying to tackle, but a CS degree can be overkill for a developer. I think that good employers want their employees to enjoy their jobs (and hence, have some 'fun'). I manage a few folks, and want them to enjoy their work. Of course, it's not all sunshine and puppies--there's grunt work that just has to get done, and everyone takes their share. Crappy employers of programmers just want to exploit employees, just like crappy employers of other kinds of workers. Technorati does this: http://technorati.com/search?return=sites&authority=all&q=be... It only catalogs blogs, as far as I know. When I was a freelance web dev, my first client was a former colleague. I have a friend who talks about the flywheel model of learning. If, every day, you spend even 15 minutes towards your goal of what have you (aka, add even a little momentum to your flywheel), at the end of a year, you will have a lot of knowledge. Hmm... I guess I'd say half assing your way through beginner tutorials is better than doing nothing (if it is on the path to your goal). That said, flywheels are slow to start up, and you can't expect to do one or two or ten tutorials and have it spinning fast. As Aristotle said: "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." I agree, this is great. I run a small team and the author just summed up what I try to convey to everyone on the team. I just emailed it off to everyone. I prefer to walk around aimlessly, but I agree--sometimes just distracting yourself for a bit does wonders. Fire the difficult clients. That is, finish your current project as best you can and don't take on new work with them. There are a lot of good clients out there hungry for good work and working relationships--don't spend more time with bad clients than you have to. I would look at characteristics of the clients you like working with and see if you can find other clients like them. Are they technical? Non technical? Focused on a certain aspect of the niche? What kinds of problems do they have? Anything that will act as a filter so you take work from clients that have a high chance of being good ones. As far as expanding to other areas of development, if there are adjacent areas available (for example, using CakePHP if you are already using Symphony, or trying Alfresco if you already do Documentum) it might make sense to investigate and do a trial project in them. Looking at your profile, it looks like you do interesting stuff. Not sure what industries you target (because it isn't outlined on your site), but you could definitely evaluate industries that have 'hard problems' (and money--don't forget the money). I think that there are two ideas worth separating in this post. 1. Having ready beer (a keg) available in a work setting can cause issues. Ready alcohol impairs judgement and blurs boundaries. 2. Having Friday afternoon beers (or any other kind of gathering) can be beneficial to company bonding and communication. Frankly, I don't care if it is ice cream (as suggested in the comments), beer, weekly lunches, or kite flying--I want a regular low pressure social atmosphere for a) getting to know my team mates and b) exchanging work ideas in an informal cross department setting. I think having types of events outlined in point 2 is beneficial to everyone in the company. Disclaimer--I work in a small company that does Friday afternoon beers, but we are not a startup. I read the article and kept hearing echos of the Microsoft strategy of the 90s as well. History may not repeat, but it rhymes. The article was pointing out how Google is moving more and more functionality from open source to closed source. So, one way to counter that would be to augment the "traditional AOSP service with improved functionality", but license the code as open source. The service endpoints can certainly be closed, but the code to access those endpoints could be open. And the license to use those endpoints could be open source friendly. Now, that may not be a good business decision, but it certainly counters the argument of the post. An aside: I appreciate what google is doing to fight Android fragmentation, but also see some of the tactics as anti-competitive. Technically, yes. You just have to know what to buy and how to price what you are selling. ("Oh, is that all?" says the broker who makes a living doing this. :) ) I had a friend who made decent money going to physical auctions and taking the items he bought and putting them on ebay (this was about a decade ago). Arbitrage is here to stay. Here's a chestnut from over a decade ago that spells it out in black and white: Are you Amazon or are you Ben and Jerry's? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000056.html What are the three businesses you think Google has "locked up"? I wonder who will be responsible for maintaining the streets? My guess is that will still fall on the city of Detroit (because the farm is paying taxes). A novel by Kurt Vonnegut: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Player_Piano_%28novel%29 (for those of us not in the know). I'm interested in the fact that most of the discussion has centered around the possibility of Watson and other expert systems doing what is outlined in the article, rather than the societal ramifications mentioned (~70% "full" employment). Perhaps I'm a luddite, but I wonder if this time it really "is different" or if we'll discover new ways to put human labor to work, just as we did when farmers left the land or when services overtook manufacturing as the primary sector creating jobs (in the developed world, at least). If someone can afford a product, but isn't willing to, then they should look elsewhere for the value provided by the product, or live without it. That's embedded in the definition of a market--sellers get to choose the price, buyers get to choose whether or not to buy. Sure, I agree. Not all markets meet the concept of 'free'. But distrokid is competing in a market that is pretty close (helping musicians distribute music to services). Fair enough. But even in negotiated transactions, the seller sets the final price that they will or won't accept. What version of java does it handle? Does it support java.lang.*? What other standard libraries? Right. There's a difference between 'not interested in the twitter IPO' and 'not interested in twitter'. During the Colorado floods, twitter was my go to source for news, and I think it is fantastic for that purpose. There are at least a few other use cases. Wow. If that doesn't scream "broken system!", I don't what does. Hy HOA (not in Nevada) has this exact same clause, and when I read about this, I wondered what his HOA would say. If I were an HOA, I'd be pretty concerned about AirBNB. A good look, and I enjoyed the mea culpa. Good on ya! That would be pretty cool as a user (drinker?), but I don't see the ROI for the brewery. I don't often pull out the old pen and paper and write a thank you note. This comment reminds me I should. Practicing gratitude on your own is great, but what a gift to light up someone else's day. "If the Internet has done anything successfully, it has drastically eroded much of our common courtesy and etiquette." Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Well, sure, they'd get business--that's the benefit. But how easy is it to tie into twitter and a payment system? That'd be the cost. Starbucks can distribute such costs (which may not be fixed, but certainly won't grow linearly) across a larger number of stores than your local brewhouse can. And all you have to do to get these benefits is somehow integrate with twitter and a payment system. Which might be a tall order for a local brewery. (Or is that easier to do than I think?) I'm not sure that looking at a complex system like the US economy and focusing on one aspect of federal regulation is useful in determining the cause of the s&p500 rise. Ah, wow, that will be very challenging to post some json. Hmmmm... 'man curl'. Yup. I mean, this is an interesting idea that will keep out the folks who don't know how to search SO, but that's about it. Plenty of other riffraff will be able to 'apply'. (Heck I might even be able to figure it out.) I wondered about that too--I didn't see any mention of any software testing. Definitely user/outcome testing, but no unit tests or functional tests were mentioned. Wow. This is a great question. Not just for interviewers, though. I manage a small team and was wondering what I would say if asked this question--probably that our pain points are our server hardware/software, which are a bit, shall we say, "antique". Some of the other pain points fall out of that one. I picked it up in Boulder a number of times. Print was nice for all the reasons that any printed newspaper is nice--browsability, crosstalk between stories, portability, no power/screen required. Bummer that they had to cease print. But if it wasn't sustainable, it wasn't sustainable. Just curious, have you been a manager? I only ask because when I was younger and hadn't been a manager, I would have thought the same exact thing (I remember dismissing managers as "shiny shoes"). Now that I do manage, I realize the multiple tensions and forces pulling and pushing on managers. Some of them include: making employees happy, hitting targets they've committed to, doing their own work, and interacting with peers to move the company forward. If you have been a manager, I'd be interested to hear how you felt about "exist[ing] only to serve those above" you. Seems like a pretty tough existence. Did you get dinged, or did you avoid a company that would have been a bad fit? I think it is OK to ask 'where would I be working? I find I'm most productive in quieter settings?' Any interviewer that is offended by this seems like they work for a company worth avoiding. Agreed, but limiting the human element (as opposed to 'drastically limiting') can lead to better productivity. But most developers work better in offices with doors that shut (at least according to what I remember of Peopleware [ http://www.amazon.com/Peopleware-Productive-Projects-Second-... ], though that was published before IM was everywhere). So I think acknowledging that you work better with quiet, and framing it as 'I want to be as effective as I can', is fine. It can even open up a discussion on true effectiveness--if I am writing tons of great code because it is quiet, but you could have saved me 8 hours of code writing because of a library you know about or wrote, am I as effective as I could be (no). This is the quiet end of the spectrum. The loud end is the bullpen with no headphones, where it can be very difficult to think. My favorite technique for working the room: "So, what do you do ... for fun." I find that talking about what people do for fun is much more interesting than what they do for work. And if the person is interesting, it might come back around to work anyway. My favorite technique for exiting a conversation is the old chestnut of "I need to refill my drink." Easy peasy. I'm 36. A book list application I wrote in spring of 2003 to learn php is still online (I host it). I wrote some java applets (demoing the half life of radiation) in the summer of 1998, but couldn't track them down. Terrifying. But inspiring too. I rode by a homeless person on the way to work today. This reminds me "there, but for the grace of God, go I". (Substitute whatever you like for the god word: fate, karma, etc.) Sometimes it is good to be reminded that sometimes sh*t just happens. (And I know, he could have done things differently in terms of life choices, but he also had some really poor luck.) Well, they still have an API: http://priceonomics.com/api/ Marriage isn't easy, and we have no idea what is being glossed over in this excerpt. We don't even know if his family was supporting him in other ways (meals/doctor's appointments when he visited, money sent, etc). It'd be interested to read the book and see just how 'casual' the wife's departure was--I'm guessing after 8 kids it wasn't. I love this author. This is a must read for non technical folks who interact with technology. tl;dr: if companies know that they are going to miss quality candidates with a code challenge, and are ok with that, it's ok to have one. If candidates are ok with giving some companies the miss because they won't put up with a challenge, that's ok too. And code challenges are good for some types of positions and not others. I agree that companies are excluding people such as yourself with these coding challenges. That's their right, just as it is your right to not apply to any companies that require such challenges. If someone is finding good candidates with a coding challenge, that's great. If someone is finding good jobs while avoiding coding challenges, that's great too. I will say that there's some nuance implied in your comment that simply isn't present in any of the github/coding challenge blog posts that have popped up on HN over the last few days. Whether a coding challenge is appropriate doesn't just depend on the company or the candidate--it also depends on the position! It's far easier to test junior/mid level skills than senior skills in a 1-2 hour task. Geez, some of the skills you mention above would be hard to test in a 1-2 day task. When you are looking for esoteric, softer, or more senior skills (requirements gathering, or architecture), you need other ways of evaluating candidates beyond a code challenge. Things like what you suggest: conversations, references, etc. Of course, there are some "senior" folks out there who aren't great coders even though they talk a good game, and if coding is what the position requires, a code challenge is fine. I would look at this exhaustive list of revenue models and see if you can find a company that does something similar to what you're contemplating. https://hackpad.com/Web-and-Mobile-Revenue-Models-Ch2paBpUyI... There are any number of things you can charge for with an open source project: commercial use licensing, documentation, support, advanced features, implementation consulting. I'm the OP. The original title of the submission was 'A list of web and mobile revenue models', but the title of the page is 'Web and revenue models', so maybe the moderators thought the latter was more accurate? Here are some posts that provide analysis: http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models.h... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models-a... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models-c... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-s... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-p... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-t... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-l... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-d... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-m... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-g... They are all worth a read. One of my coworkers turned me on to vagrant. I set up virtualbox manually once, and vagrant seems far superior. The biggest issue for me is that I have some largish databases I need to be loaded as part of the vagrant install, and these are a pain to distribute. The best solution I have come up with is an external drive. I would love to hear Mike Rowe's reply to this. His answers had plenty of anecdotes, as did this article. My question is, where's the data? Are these the us labor stats that you are referring to? http://www.bls.gov/iag/tgs/iag23.htm . Because, if so, it seems they paint a more nuanced picture than either side (shocker!). There are plenty of openings (113k), but the median pay is in the 40k/year range, not 55k starting mentioned. The unemployment rate is also higher than the national average. Not a bad career, but hardly the land of milk and honey. "...because you know when people get to the end there's always the brick." Chilling. Well, there's a rising number of for profit schools and colleges. These are different in that they still get government funding but are run by private companies (as opposed to private schools, which are funded by tuition). http://chronicle.com/article/Annual-Portrait-of-Education/12... But are profits the best way to measure a "quality product" when it comes to something like education? I would argue not, or at least that externalized costs need to be internalized somehow (regulation or taxation are the typical means). That is to say, if we have for profit public schools, I'd want their profits to be tied to the long term effects of results of their students, not to yearly test scores. Re 1860-1920, have you heard of the railroad land grants? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Railroad_Acts These were tremendous gifts to private companies to induce investment in what was one of the high tech industries of the time. Well, it happens on both sides in the USA all the time. Plenty of violence to go around over here. Great advice, but: "- Talk as little as possible. Even if you have a very transparent, honest relationship with you boss. If your boss might find detrimental you to have a startup, don't talk at all." I think it is better to talk about the possibility of a startup on your own time during the interview process. This has the side effect of filtering out jobs with controlling bosses. (You may not have this luxury, though.) Our tech agreement lets someone list a set of technologies they own that they are bringing with them, and explicitly renounces the company's ownership of them. It's also useful to understand and review any agreements you sign when accepting employment. I have a side project that I told my boss about when accepting employment. And I started another one while employed. I guess it depends on whether you think forgiveness is better than permission, and how your boss is, but as a manager I would rather know someone has a startup project. You shouldn't consider a startup on the side without reading and understanding this onstartups.com q&a: http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/19422/if-im-working-... One other important point: if your startup is orthogonal to your current work, everyone is probably going to be more comfortable. If not, I'd seriously consider postponing the startup, just to avoid a sticky situation where your employer is concerned you took domain knowledge/contacts from your day job to improve your startup. All the rest of this advice is fantastic. A clear separation of startup and day job is important. Worth a chuckle. Make sure you hit reload a couple of times. To be fair the article is from 2010, when legacy browsers mattered far more (aka were more prevalent) than they do nowadays. I'm not sure what your traffic goals are, but there are a lots of ways to skin this cat (no cats were harmed in the making of this comment). Have you: * looked in google webmaster tools (and the others, sure, why not) and made sure the googlebot likes what it is seeing * considered PPC/adwords? How about facebook ads? * created a facebook page or instagram/twitter account (depending on your demo) and followed people that are interesting to you w/r/t this area? * joined communities that are interested in what you are doing--and contributed to them? (It's not enough to just drop in, leave a link and go.) Email list, facebook group, web forum, wherever. I've had success with this, and just a signature block. * reached out to bloggers in the same space and offered to do a guest post * sent emails to travel writers with helpful info that refers back to your site * started a tumblr/linkblog/real blog that can point to this (I have a side project that gets ~2k visits a month: http://coloradocsas.info/ -- couldn't resist putting that in.) No worries. Pick something and do it consistently for a while--all of these take time in our attention scarce world--well, all of them except the advertising, which is trading money for time. Or just watch the movie: http://www.t2.com/waterbuffalo/watch/water_buffalo_flash_hi.... Loved the comments: "This is the sort of narrow view that rightly gives economics bad name." "Is this a trivial price theory quiz or an interesting behavioral question.? To test price theory, try a cash gift next Valentine's day." Haha. Also known as don't reinvent the wheel. this article is more interesting to me because of the development paradigm it outlines: make the mobile phone the hub of the internet of things. this is in contrast to the smart fridges and thermostats that I thought were going to be the manifestation. Oh boy, another language war. Snooze. I've heard the same thing, but do you have a reference for this? I think PhoneGap/Cordova (the open source base of PhoneGap) can be great for certain types of apps, and it definitely leverages your existing skillset. Here's a showcase: http://phonegap.com/app/ That said, I've never done a game with PhoneGap, and I'd worry about performance (for certain types of games)--I definitely worry about performance with javascript maps, which is closer to what we do). Just something to be aware of. I remember reading a story in Analog science fiction about just this scenario: inexpensive, multi purpose robots (and the riots they caused when people realized they could be replaced). The solution? Have each robot owned by one, and only one, human being, who could lease out the robot's "labor" as they wished. I doubt that solution is possible, but I do think the issues the story raised are going to be, as you put it, "the biggest story" of the near future. (I wish I could remember the name of that story!) I think the point was to make sure that capital wasn't going to replace labor via automation. I love that story--the contrast between the US and Australia illustrates the fact that it really is a political choice how to spend fantastic wealth that automation gives us. (It's not only a political choice, there are moral components as well.) I wrote a book on Cordova CLI (a niche within an niche): https://leanpub.com/developingwithcordovacli/ (Cordova is the open source version of PhoneGap, which lets you build mobile apps with js/html/css). It was an ebook, written with Leanpub (very cool publishing platform for ebooks. I didn't investigate other distribution platforms; I'm just using leanpub--they take care of all kinds of things (refunds, shopping carts, distributing updates to the ebook if/when I publish them) that I didn't want to. They have a pretty nice royalty structure, but you then have to do the marketing yourself. I created a couple of graphics myself. I think they add something to technical books. Income: I think I have made 250 bucks since October. Fun to make some money, but obviously not paying the bills. One thing I didn't see you mention is: how do you market the book? This is a very important thing to think about. Far more important, in my opinion, than the questions you asked. Thumbs up for leanpub! What is worse? What is better? Often shipping something that is 'Good Enough' is better than getting the 'right' (perfect?) design for a program. In the post, it is clear that moot has a set of concerns that a typical business software developer doesn't have. So, pick the right tool for your business situation, which may include a framework, or not. But I have to say, as a developer, the times when I thought I had to start from scratch and been right were far fewer than the times I wanted to start from scratch and been wrong. That may be a testament to my skill, the problems I work on, or both. Plus one for reading Nick (the author of 'Ask the Headhunter': http://asktheheadhunter.com/ The site has been 'online since 1995' and looks like it, but has a wealth of advice for taking control of your destiny when looking for a new job. This is my favorite piece on how to interview: http://asktheheadhunter.com/basics5.htm Uh, so the answer to 'how to find the unadvertised job' is 'look at company websites' or 'do google searches'? I haven't been in the job market for years, so I don't have a great answer, but these seem pretty weak ways to find jobs that aren't advertised, because, if they are on company websites or available via Taleo, they are advertised. How about: * research a company, find out their biggest problem (competitive research), find the manager who should be tackling the problem (linked in), and email him an outline of a solution. I don't manage a ton of folks, but if someone did this, we'd definitely have a conversation. * go to tech meetups and meeting interesting people * comment on a corporate blog regularly * offer to work for free (if you can afford it) * ABL (always be looking) * never eat lunch along * blog about the industry you want to get into * work on an open source project * instagram (or whatever the kids are doing these days) This is an oldie instance that one of my friends did to get hired back before the dotcom bubble: http://donwrege.com/XOR/home.html I think you are correct. One reason I worked for free for an organization was that it was in an entirely different space than my previous experience, and I wanted to know more about it. Other good reasons to work for free: * gain skills * meet people But you definitely want to be careful and limit it, otherwise you'll get taken advantage of. It's very similar to offering a free software service--often you don't know if what you have is valuable until people start paying for it. For more on that: http://investor.groupon.com/financials.cfm Groupon had (in q3 2013, the latest I could find) 595M in revenue and 14M in operating income, an EPS of 0.02 excluding "excluding stock-based compensation and acquisition-related benefit", and 1.1B in the bank. Not a smashing success, but is it a failure? The jury is still out on this, imho. Uh, more info needed. What do you like to do? Party? Go to the theater? Hike? Surf? Lots of places with good software vibes, so then you go to secondary factors: cost of living, family and amenities. I have used odesk successfully for some small data entry jobs.