I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind). It's worse than that. Add in that the FBI accompanied New Zealand police (or, according to our quasi national paper "led the raid") and it feels a whole lot worse. http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/the-mega-conspiracy/ That's a point of view that law enforcement seem to hold. Illogical and yet never questioned in print media, except by the likes of Robert Fisk. I thought photostream was something that happened when on wifi only. Presumably numerous cities around half the world had warm winters. We had a wet, cold summer down here. Damn, I nearly bought one but didn't get round to it and now I probably never can. Would pay a premium for one now. Good spotting, I assumed a typo and skimmed on. I was imagining some kind of unknown-to-me efficiency in super light space ships.. Decommission is brutally expensive too. When it by earthquake/tsunami I know which plant I'd prefer to be near. The pacific rim would not seem ideal for nuclear power. Robert Fisk sprung to mind immediately when you said that. What ever anyone thinks of his politics, he does manage to convey things from a viewpoint at the scene of the event. That's a great comment. I have a thought that a few American civilians were killed (Pearl Harbour and some kind of hot air balloon bombs from Japan I seem to recall), but having the majority of the population have no idea what you experienced has got to make it harder. Paul Ham, Kokoda. It made me feel sick reading it. And I had never heard of it until someone gave me the book. Closest thing to hell I can imagine. Are you joking? The area is unsafe, and it seems it will be for a fair while. Guess you don't know anyone who has been evacuated. Fuel was a big (bigger?) problem. Albert Speer was an organizational genius and plane production (unsure about tanks etc) was actually increasing despite the bombardment. Lack of fuel and pilots scuppered the air force. I'd love to post the graph I can't find, but this Wikipedia article gives GDP versus year. Until 1945 German output was increasing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_production_during_Wo... A gay friend had a house warming party years ago and my wife and I turned up. We were the only straight people there out of probably 50 guests and I heard someone say "breeders" as we arrived. It took a second to get it and It didn't feel good. I felt more alien than the numerous times we have been overseas and not been able to speak the local language. And when I consider that the people there would all have had comments made against them at some point I had a slight inkling what life could have been like. Cost, complexity, difficulty, perceives trouble bonding, how?, risks, issues with the child's family. There are some. It's weird and may relate to different Things being measured, but UK decommissioning seems to be vastly more expensive than US decommissioning. Judging by news coverage anyway. Edited for spelling. If you have heart issues and you have a period with no heart beat, even just seconds, the feeling of sudden silence is striking. I think it's likely that people just aren't aware that they can hear their heart beat all the time. It might just be me though, but I suspect not as I mentioned how quiet everything went to a cardiologist who didn't seem surprised. RCDs are required throughout the house in New Zealand now (used to be bathroom only). They work. I tried angle grinding a metal bar, and it's link to the extension cord fell in a puddle I was standing in. Power clicked off thank god, and I became ok with the re-wiring cost. RCDs are the best. It doesn't do anything on (ironically) my iPhone. And if your area supports evergreen trees, leaves aren't an issue. It does usually take a little money upfront, but otherwise, yes, it's free. Yes. I think owning versus renting/tenanting/being housed may have a lot to do with this. Why go the the effort of planting trees and spending your time on your landlords garden. So given that he didn't release Instapaper early on Android, what should he have done? Stayed away? Given he wasnt on the platform, is not going to it all a better move or not? That source says that that money is over the apps lifetime. So divide that by 4 (?) and its starting to become more limited. EDIT to include the quote (the low end of the scale starts to make things quite tight by my guestimating): >>> TL;DR: Final estimate is somewhere between 0.15% to 0.60% of the iOS market, netting it somewhere between $875k to $2.3m for the duration of its existence (not yearly) http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2010/11/does-palin-want... And another reason to be cynical, check out the labour cost on this consumer device made in China - iPhone. The savings made via further automation would be basically meaningless. I'm willing to bet that label brand clothes have far higher profit margins than i-devices too. www.asymco.com/2012/02/26/iphone-sine-qua-non/ Here in New Zealand we have The Consumer Guarantees Act. The beauty of it is that the item is covered for as long as a reasonable person would expect (or something like that), and is suitably vague about how long this. Here is a case where a 4 year old computer was repaired at the manufacturers expense. buying extended warranties is kind of a waste here, as complaing to a government agency may well get you the same result, for free (it has worked for me). http://www.consumerblogs.org.nz/tech/2009/04/squaring-up-to-... Having the US sign up to the international criminal court would remove a fair few skeptics, and would keep the wooly left at bay. My reset attempt went unanswered too, and this occurred when setting up an account on an iPad after having login automatic for months (?years). In the end, after several reset attempts I made a new account. > A red hot, pea-sized piece of rock then hit his hand before bouncing off and causing a foot wide crater in the ground. From this, the audio is worth listening to. http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/media/sound/oxford-union-debate I took it to mean that by and large there is no support for nuclear weapons by New Zealanders. Can the down voters elaborate? Gawd, you were thinking a a higher level than me. I was remembering gluing a CPU fan to a 2 stroke scooter and being impressed how much better it made it (it went from extremely underpowered to very underpowered). I probably ruined the motor, but it sure was fun. What percentage of android devices will that decision affect though? Not a lot for quite a long time I suspect. Do in terms of the affect on the user, it seems a relevant problem >>I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. What physicist who was already active in 1900 would dream of boasting that his opinions had not changed during the last half century? In science men change their opinions when new knowledge becomes available. http://m.nbr.co.nz/opinion/we-have-meet-enemy-and-he-us-judg... http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/dotcom-judge-calls-us-enemy-... After more reading, I'm struggling to find fault in the reporting. The judge is part of a pressure group who are anti the Trans Pacific Partnership, a deal which seem bent on forcing US interlectual property law on NZ. From the NBR report I linked >>District Court Judge David Harvey said New Zealanders had to realise the TPP would affect their everyday lives, too. He gave the example of how, today, many DVD players let you play discs designating for other regions – a practice that is legal under the Copyright (New Technologies) Amendment Act 2008 but which would be criminalised under the TPP. (Some may find Judge Harvey's sustained attack on the US negotiating position intriguing in the light of the fact he is also a pivotal player in the Kim Dotcom extradition saga). An Australian government representative gave another potential everyday example from the floor: low-cost, third-party inkjet printer refill cartridgess becoming illegal. All af the above examples could occur if the US gets its desired section (or "chapter") on IP (intellectual property) included in the final version of the TPP. Judge Harvey summed up, "We have met the enemy, and he is the US" http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/judge-harvey-my-part-in-hi... Russell Brown's take. I think youre right, but Im not sure... Could it be that he meant what was quoted, but was misquoted? He was being tongue in cheek? http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2010/1007.blake.ht... Interesting read about a great invention wasted. I was a student representative on a disciplinary committee at tertiary level, and was left a bit disbelieving at how bad plagiarism was, and how weak the penalties were. I pushed hard for a system whereby the first offense required the work to be resubmitted, and the second offense would require resisting the whole paper (the next year). I was the only voice calling for harsher penalties though, and nothing changed. A country to country comparison would be nice. Is there any reason why the US would suffer less from plagiarism? It rains? Edit: am I misunderstanding your question? It wasn't after years of operation. The article states that the system was brand new. That damn account password kills me. A single password which you have to enter heaps of times on iOS. If having one password meant you only entered it once id cope, but its for email, iCloud, imessage, home sharing music, home sharing video, notes, find my phone, AppStore. It's so slow to set a device up, especially if you have a decent pasword. I wish they would fix it. See update to story, it wasn't brute forced it seems. I know. But if I could enter it once as some kind of 'log into everything' option it would be great. It's so annoying to do on phone, iPad, laptop, appletv etc that I change my password too rarely as its so painful. Nasty aftershocks too (oh, so I have to find the appletv remote i to enable my account so that I can accept my phone as the remote). How? It is worse than under Bush Jr? It's funny you would say that. I got a distinct 'uh oh' feeling when Gitmo wasn't promptly closed. However New Zealand perspectives on these things tend to differ from US views. I assume you are American I have never heard Auckland described as walkable. It's easily the worst city I have been to in that regard, unless you have a car, you're pretty much stuck. It's a pretty flattering article about home I'd say. The area you describe is nowhere near the outer edge. It's not even the edge of the CBD. Keep in mind that Auckland covers a vast area of nearly 5000 square km. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auckland_Council There are centres all over the place, north, south, east, west, and most are worth visiting and have very different tastes to them. I came off very negative in my first post, I love Auckland, but it's chronic lack of decent transport options is problematic. Edit: typo I suspect you encountered racism outside of Auckland? I have been surprised by attitudes in the South Island, where non-white people seemed to surprise the locals. New Zealanders travel. The majority of those people will return. This statement is based on experience, not data. Everyone seems to leave, and all seem to return. Edit: It sounded like I was disagreeing with your figures, I wasn't. New Zealanders buy houses Instead if other investments (to the frustration of numerous finance ministers). The housing market dipped only fractionally with recent world events, and basically sits where it was in 2007 at the moment. Kiwis love houses. I agree (some seem not to). However the courts are whittling away the crown case, and both the police and the FBI have got explaining to do. This current government brown noses the US somewhat but compared the other countries, we are positively independent. It's been busy of late and I don't even bother taking in lunch anymore. A complete absence of successful lunches is a bad thing. Travelators (is that what they are called?) in airports always get me going. Walking the wrong way on themmoon strangely fun. Moon walking for the guy who can't dance. I want to understand the down votes.. As a parent of one young child, I find discipline the hardest aspect of being a parent. Holy hell it twists me in knots trying to work out when to draw the line, when to ignore and when to warn. Luckily my wife is better at this. That's a great metric. Was trying to measure The East India Company by this metric, but it's surprisingly hard to do so. Please elaborate on a few of these aspects (again!). Thanks if you do. Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian. Another bonus of this choice is health. My wife and I made it through various third world countries without food poisoning as the travelers around us fell Ill. It could be coincidence, but considering that it was the only dietary difference, I doubt it. Well cooked vegetables only. It's worth considering when food safety is an issue. What about the intensive questioning on how you get protein. I do t think I've every asked anyone anything like this. Is there anything more boring? My instant thought is backstreet barbequed guinea pig that's been on a warmer for days, with people picking thir choice with bare hands. Peru has amazing vegetarian food luckily! I couldn't even guess the episode, but Marco has stated on is 5by5 podcast that he doesn't collect user information and only dips into user information grudgingly. I'd be surprised if this came from him as according to his statements he finds holding any user information that could be described as private unpleasant. This is all based on recollection however. Still cant find the podcast, but here is what Marco says the FBI tool, quoted from the Instapaper blog about a year ago: >>The server was used as a MySQL replication slave, handling read-only queries to speed up the site. Instapaper suffered no downtime as a result of its theft and no data has been lost. Further down: >>Possibly most importantly, though, the FBI is now presumably in possession of a complete copy of the Instapaper database as it stood on Tuesday morning, including the complete list of users and any non-deleted bookmarks. (“Archived” bookmarks are not deleted. “Deleted” bookmarks are hard-deleted out of the database immediately.) Instapaper stores only salted SHA-1 hashes of passwords, so those are relatively safe. But email addresses are stored in the clear, as is the saved content of each bookmark saved by the bookmarklet. The server also contained a complete copy of the Instapaper website codebase, but not the codebase of the iOS app. Linked Facebook, Twitter, or Tumblr accounts only store their respective OAuth keys. Linked Evernote accounts only store the Evernote email-in address. Linked Pinboard accounts, however, store plaintext usernames and encrypted passwords, and the encryption keys are present in the website source code on the server. http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2012/09/17/120917fa_fact_... Isn't this likely to result in bad things happening to Instapaper? If this messes up Instapaper for people who are careful to visit NYT infrequently and save stories to Instapaper (me!) then I'll be unhappy. I used to use this theory. I now prefer summer, sun and rock hard clay (had to sledge hammer the spade in for the first few cm). Why? Because the destruction you cause tramping clay everywhere is terrible - 2 or 3 kgs stays attached to you and you can't even shake it off the spade. No one who digs clay (as opposed to soil/sand where I don't really have an opinion) would choose to do it in the wet. My 2c. Now I'll go back (quite literally) to finishing this trench before the rain arrives. With the low average pay in India, how did he afford to do it. Did he have his expenses paid by someone else? Food, housing, equipment and (maybe?) power/water. Those costs, while potentially small where he lives, have to add up over decades. It would be interesting to see stats compared between 'socialized' systems (we call it the public system) and private systems. When everyone has the same boss (Minister of Health) and is working within the same rules and guidelines it must do something to the stats. We do have a private healthcare service, but its basically restricted to simpler day stay (or slightly longer stays) surgery and less complex procedures. There are no private emergency healthcare hospitals here that I know of. New Zealand is the country. The system is far from perfect here, but I'm yet to learn of a system I'd prefer. Great link. It's interesting how $ spent seems not to correlate with life expectancy - as noted by the person who wrote the article. It's funny. I know of numerous cases of borderline corruption here. They may be legit, but they sure as hell run close to the line. I struggle to imaging what happens in a country considered to be 'actually corrupt'. As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect you're not right. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this time it's shameless. Sorry, terrible phrasing, and I can't seem to edit it. >>As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect nothing will come of any investigation. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this governments pandering is shameless. The Dotcom case being a prime example. Edit: spelling Macro comments that his grandparents don't want/shouldn't have to spend time dicking around with apple IDs. No one should have to. It's awful. Email, music sharing, itunes match, App Store, iMessage, FaceTime, iCloud, notes, and likely others. Getting an iOS device or mac to have fully functioning services usually takes me weeks to achieve (oh, that email account isn't arriving for some reason) as random things that worked just seem to stop working when peculiarities of personal account functionality are encountered. Why on earth the initial setup can't have an initial chance to enter apple I'd one, then a list of services to turn on. And if for some reason a password reset has to happen it's just terrible trying to get all the devices in the house working again (don't lose Apple TV remote...) is hours of work, and is so bad the password changes are a killer. Please Apple, save us, I'm more than 50 years younger and I don't want this either. That's my main gripe, if you have multiple email addresses that feed into one account, and like to email out from a variety of addresses its ugly. Really really ugly. Mainly because iCloud hates you sending a message that doesn't appear as an apple address. If IOS 6 is better than 5 in regard to initial Apple ID I couldnt really judge as most my settings carried over from my ios5 install, thankfully, but iTunes Match lost its setup, and home sharing too and the remote app is now broken for me on iPhone. However if setting up a new device has been improved/fixed. THANK YOU. And to add to that. Broke into his home to steal his diary without noticing that they were outside of their jurisdiction. When they mentioned this oversight to the Acting Prime Minister, he forgot to pass it on to the Prime Minister (who may have been somewhat distracted fending off attacks on another minister who broke the law accepting campaign funds from the guy who broke into the video store). It does, but given that its quite hard to tell the TSA guys from police (well, it was for me) as their uniforms and behavior certainly seem police-ish, it's bad. They appear like police, behave like police, but when confronted with a situation they can exploit, 10% of the time (in a crazy small sample) they will exploit you. People in positions of authority receive harsher treatment on New Zealand law if they abuse their positions. I hope it's the same in the US. Something that has hit me more times than is ideal is opening times. A surprising number of travel guides do odd things like say 'open Tuesday to Sunday, closed 1st Sunday of the month.' At a quick skim its easy to miss the 2 key things, closed some Sundays, closed all Mondays. And unhelpfully the format of the information is often inconsistent within the same publication. Invariably the info is out of date anyway, and prices are considerably higher than the guides states. We usually used Lonely Planet or Rough Guide, but the lack of up to date opening times was a continual pain (out of date prices is annoying, but you can spend more and get in, but if the place is closed, you're stuck). Heathrow has always been terrible for me - except once, when I entered the UK from New Zealand without showing anyone my passport. I didn't even get it out my bag. This was pre 9/11 but it weirded me out so much that I nearly walked back to check with someone that all was ok. Now that is a feature. I'd happily download my home town and run it offline always. Waiting for 3g cell reception to get the map to see where you're to go next is very tedious. That's funny. My workplace has a lot of very very expensive gear, and I never got a key. The roller grill is the type you see in malls and arcades. Any small key will get me in, and once a small spoon did too. That's the point being made, there doesn't appear to be a source that allows any sort of comparison - how may of X or Y were sold? The article gives neither. Am I missing something? Safari is the big winner according the article with a gain of 0.16%, but IE6 gained 0.3%. Am I reading this wrong? Surely IE6 would be the big winner in this (flawed, as reading above comments suggests) study. I drink very little and the effect of that on other people is quite marked. It's seems to be seen as some sort of judgement of people if you drink nothing or very little compared to them. As an outside observer, the effect of white collar crime would appear to have hit Americans far harder than the crime discussed here - and it's effects have been felt world wide too. Behaviors allowed and encouraged in big banking have been very destructive to lives. And I'll make a safe net that the perpetrators lived in so-called good areas. So while worrying about being car-jacked in the badlands, behavior in the good lands sees your company fail, job lost and car repossessed. Perhaps a touch overwrought, but another angle to consider. Has Apple ever made any acquisition even a portion this size? It would be a pretty big difference between Jobs Apple and Cook Apple to make a purchase this big. Given that the likely targets would be maps and patents, the rest of the business wouldn't be of much value surely? But winding up a company Nokia's size would be a brutal hit that would inflict a lot of damage in many different areas - to Apple almost as much as Nokia I'd guess. Edit: Auto predict. Sigh Out of curiosity, is such a move legal? Is there some sort of requirement that one bid in good faith or some such concept? As that would be a fairly nasty thing to do. Surely it would be easier to find error than to prove fraud. I feel I am missing something that is obvious... Less bothered about the spying than about what happens with the information obtained - which of those 2 countries has kidnapped people recently then tortured them and sometimes killed them in the process? Or alternatively, just fired off missiles, dismissing the collateral deaths. I'd far sooner be spied on by either country than have them suspect me of anything. There are no good guys to be seen in this story. Has China kidnapped or assassinated people outside of China (or within) in recent memory? Obviously the US has, but is China just better at hiding it? What is your experience of business/government dealings? If you have spent time working within Chinese companies or have an understanding through some other means your thoughts would be very interesting to hear. The US doesn't value a free market unless its in its own interest. As a New Zealander I am very familiar with the way the US blocks New Zealand meat and diary products whist subsidizing its own, inefficient industries. Free trade may be preached, but it isn't practiced. Having just built a bathroom, I can say that in my situation, confused people spend way more money. Certainty with decisions is way cheaper in a building scenario. Upfront and honest? He has been caught out lying about key dates when he found out about Dotcom spying, and according to today's paper his revised story is a lie too, as there may be a tape recording of him mentioning something about it considerably earlier. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... I actually do see articles in the above veins often, and they are very interesting and appreciated. They often get called off topic too, but the guidelines for HN clearly allow them and actually encourage them. Marco of Instapaper had most of one of his recent podcasts on this subject. As a non-US listener I was surprised at the cost. It is jaw droppingly expensive to get health insurance. Surely the inefficiency in the system alone is a strong argument for almost any other system? The years lived per dollar spent graphs usually get busted out about now. The health data base is very well protected from what I know. And access is strictly monitored. If patient notes are viewed by someone who does not need to view them, they face harsh discipline. I recall a case from when I used this database a long time ago. In terms of high profile issues with it, the current eel-in-arse story is going to result in action and this is being done via the systems user tracking. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... Edited for spelling They seem to have been warned multiple times, here is someone saying they warned the department a year ago. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... If you just kept an eye out for recent updates and looked to see who had added them you could totally beat someone to a scoop. Or am I missing something? I was gutted when Bungie was bought by MS. It was the end of the Marathon series which was a killer Mac game. Story, puzzle, action (that grenade launcher, dual shotguns...). I have never played Halo, but if it carried on anything like the experience Marathon had I really should. I'm in New Zealand and haven't been into a bank once in 6 years (well, I did once but then found I could do what I wanted on the phone, so did). My wife and I have bought 2 houses and sold one 1 in this time. Papers signed at home by roving bankers and everything else by phone, email etc. Some things might require contact (business stuff?) but my stuff doesn't. I'm in New Zealand and haven't been into a bank once in 6 years (well, I did once but then found I could do what I wanted on the phone, so did). My wife and I have bought 2 houses and sold one 1 in this time. Papers signed at home by roving bankers and everything else by phone, email etc. Some things might require contact (business stuff?) but my stuff doesn't. Given that those suffering from the illness so often hate the medication (I say this based on having 2 or 3 people tell me this, which is hardly data), doesn't that indicate how bad the medication is? If the disease is felt to be better (by some) than the treatment then we aren't doing very well. That's rather narrow minded. If a country has a large prison population there are more people to blame than just those in the prison. Try that link from an iPhone. I love small type usually, but that's a little small. Yes, Instapaper is what I should have done. Thanks for sharing that. It isn't just the US that is a bit average where mental health is concerned. Isn't giving out tickets in a high accident area is exactly what should happen? Tickets in a low accident area must surely be less likely to change accident rates? Color was introduced to the iPod touch a few weeks back, so maybe. Maybe the writer should email the CEO or whoever it was that a week or 2 back was announcing Paypal's brave new era of happiness, joy and customer service. Paywalled. Yes. Additionally, blocking access past 100k also stops one client from being the-tail-that-wags-the-dog too. Imagine a dispute where Twitter faced blocking the chosen mode of access to a significant percentage of users, or caving to the client owner. I don't get what is being discussed here. How is universal healthcare like fuel to a fire where cancer is concerned? I live in a country with universal care, so my perceptions will obviously differ to others, but I'm totally not getting what is being discussed. Was the Doc in the ambulance? I thought he was in phone contact? But your point remains. Another unfortunate effect of this is that the rest of the world follows the US. The system here in New Zealand, socializes the costs associated with medical mistakes, paying for costs and lost earning for patients. Our system isn't perfect, far from it. But it gets eroded somewhat by the extremely defensive medicine that is practiced in the US that is trickling in here, leading to higher costs and worse practice. Blood test, scan, rescan, more expensive scan. Oh wait, it's just a cough. More tests doesn't equal better care. Each carries its own risks and has a monetary cost. Where I work, about $700 US. It's not a great test, despite excellent radiologists and brand new equipment as whole body imaging is far lower resolution than localized imaging (its about 1500 pixels by 250 in resolution versus 512x512 when just your knee is done using an educated guess). Not a good idea. Unproven as a technique, very expensive, very low resolution when whole body imaging is performed, will miss important stuff, and generate unnecessary biopsy procedures. Population screening is a vastly complicated area - for example, what would a whole body MRI be looking for. Name the process(s) and there will be a better way, even if its a scan of a smaller body site, the results will be vastly superior. Dedicated coils, established imaging protocols etc. No, not now, maybe in the future (with regards to MRI). Even with breast imaging where MRI provides great results, routine screening is only shown to be helpful in those genetically predisposed to disease. Generating masses of biopsy procedures, untold stress, misdiagnoses, botched procedures etc. The false positive rate for MRI is currently too high in breast imaging for it to be a routine tool, let alone whole body imaging with the pitfalls in the technique. Image fusion software exists that does this, allowing you to mere images and emphasis areas of difference (usually used for allowing comparison of different imaging modalities such as CT and PET, rather than same modality over time. The trouble is, people are never, ever in the same position (different breath hold, mobile organs move, people lie in different positions, get taller, shorter, more bent etc) , and, more importantly, are the changes seen problematic or normal? In the case were a big mass has appeared, its easy. But that is easy to spot without software help. If a software technique is to emphasis small malignant changes early on, it's going to have to be very clever and be better than (or help improve the abilities of) some very clever people. Edit: sorry, I do realize that this doesn't quite address what you said. Your suggestion would be very hard to implement I suspect, but is better than what I discussed. Better than what I said. And your last point flows into socializes versus privatized care quite quickly, where fear of litigation drives further testing, which creates a positive feedback loop. The more you test for the more you need to test for. In an exceptionally cynical view of private healthcare by S. Sheem, House of God, he says Rule 10: If you you don't take a temperature you can't find a fever. There are quite a few gems in there for those with a dark sense of humour. Your point number one occurred in New Zealand too. And the US is pressuring the NZ government to abandon its very successful drug purchasing agency as part of a free trade agreement. Having one agency purchase drugs for 4 million people creates a fair bit of bargaining power, which US companies do not like. A dollar spent on healthcare is not "productive". What do you base this statement on? Well run public healthcare programmmes are exceptionally cost effective. Cancer screening, childhood immunisations, dental, eye and hearing screening for children, free doctors visits for children. These are all things people around me use on a routine basis. They have a real and measurable effect on productivity for us all and do save money. All these healthcare programmes and many, many more, aren't run for the sake of smiles and happiness. They save dollars, lives and increase productivity. It's amazing what a wall socket will do under duress. I was drilling a hole in an exterior wall and accidentally draped the power cord into a puddle at the exact point where the drill cord met the extension. I got a big shock (I had contact with the puddle) with some effort dropped the drill that I was sort of force clenching, and ran/stumbled inside and turned off the mains. I couldn't work out why the fuse didn't blow until I pulled it out. Someone had stuck a paper clip across it, presumably after running out of fuse wire. The extension lead had welded its contacts to the drill lead as well. A lucky/unlucky combo that has taught me a lesson in electrical safety. Exactly. And as I mentioned elsewhere in discussion, its hard to emphasize enough how low resolution full body imaging is compared to local area imaging. It's really bad. Slices of 7mm or so in thickness versus 3ish mm. Like all sorts of things, in imaging there is a relationship between the quality of the question and the quality of the answer. Have I got something wrong with me? Versus Have I got a HCC of the liver? One is more easily answered than the other. If those were equal, do you think Microfoft would catch up or overtake Apple? Wonder if AMD would be able to fill/partially fill a custom Apple chip order given that rumours suggest they are shopping about for a supplier? Please don't spare the New Zealand government. It is shameful how far politicians and police here went out of their way to try and impress. Pathetic, weak and disgusting. We have laws too, and a fair few were broken by NZ agencies. Have been thinking about this and wondered about suicide. Assuming you count 100% of suicides as relating to mental health related deaths (which I personally don't), it wouldnt take too many young people taking their lives to lower the population average lifespan. However alone suicide wouldn't take that many years off the average. Profits with openness. How many phones did Samsung sell? I suggest reading Asymco before backing that idea with cash. His stats on cell phone makers which are down on their luck is sobering. My short (and hopefully not too inaccurate summary) is that once a cell phone maker stops making money, they never recover. Edit for spelling I've read about their opaque structure before, and the relationship between big business and the South Korean government. Dark and murky. It's rather fascinating. Wish I could remember the article source. On the subject of trolling, isn't the very store he went into some kind of meta-troll. Built to be encountered before the Apple store is reached, copying layout and staffing concepts, trying to divert people from buying iPads, coyly calling the competition (iPad) a tablet, rather than name it. I think that there is a reasonable augment to be made that Microsoft is trolling Apple. The smart cover keyboard though, that's a definite win however I look at it. I'm surprised you use the battery up fast. I find charging mine annoying too - mainly because I so rarely have to do it that I don't have a set pace to do it (damn, I have to unplug the phone, wonder there I put the other charger). I seems to last an age on one charge. Its used pretty much 100% for reading and browsing. Well, you disagree with Microsoft. As an exec said here (sorry to link to BGR) http://bgr.com/2012/10/25/microsoft-executive-mundie-intervi... MS lead the way with tablets and touch based systems. If they were first, the surface isn't version 1. All good points. Clearly you have been reading him for longer than I. Perhaps his long term predictions are worse than I realised. Yes. Marcos article got slammed. It's hardly a data point, but people definitely get confused. A relative was telling me about her new iPhone, when I next met her, she pulled out her Samsung to show me it, still calling it an iPhone. This person isn't stupid, just isn't particularly tech literate. This is the fundamental point of the article... Enzyme on/off. I never got into the helpful staff thing. I dislike being helped when in shops. Clearly I have been in New Zealand too long. Something that really irked me in the US was the way taxes worked. I never knew what I was going to pay, as taxes weren't included in the label price. It wasn't a large percentage, but I never could quite understand why anyone would take the time to make a price label which showed a price different to what I would pay. Does anywhere else do this? i have travelled a fair bit and have never encountered it before (My US experience was limited to California I should note). Not sure if you have ever read about the system in Finland, but its fascinating. And very low on testing from my understanding. Searching for Finland on this education site is interesting http://www.edweek.org//search.html?prx=p&occ=p&qs1=F... How did you find the transition? That's an interesting pathway to have followed. There wouldn't be too many people who would be confident they could pick winner better than Jobs. Have you read about goings on in the UK print media over the last few months? There is a consistent pattern of behavior in Murdoch's empire within the UK. Tony Blair is the godparent of one of Mirdoch's children. Those two deserve each other with their insidious and seedy behavior. Profit may be a motivation for them both, however Murdoch is far more clever and manipulative than Blair and his agenda would hardly be hurt by having the PM as a godparent to his kid. Is that not what Jar Jar Binks was? Or did he escape from the Picar trash and appear in Star Wars. Doing some kind of tedious thing that you don't want to do in order to get an advantage in the future is kind of a good attribute isn't it? That's a fair summary of some of the papers I took as an undergrad anyway. The whole fake leadership thing that goes on in high school is pretty weak seeming other than this aspect in my opinion otherwise. I understood that there was a fair difference in viewable area - 49% when web browsing. I don't know what that means, and it sounds like a crappy stat, but I heard it somewhere. I think that misses the point, people with perfectly legal uses for mega upload services had their data hosed when mega uploads was shut down. How is Dropbox immune to this (it may be that it is, I have no idea). If someone else stores all your data, you are entirely in their hands. Or the new google maps. A 400 square km harbour down the road from me has just vanished. It's all land now. This reminds me of an article I read here ages ago on IBM's Black Team. It was (and is) fascinating to me. In case someone hasn't see it, www.t3.org/tangledwebs/07/tw0706.html. Discussed on HN here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=985965 Yes they would. It might break our laws, but when there is a chance to try and impress the US, NZ politicians and bureaucrats are sure to take it. See the current Dotcom saga. I took it as a vaguely racist comment on how a non English speaker might say it. I must be overly sensative. Why does his level of education impact on this? He has made several intelligent and important people in New Zealand look rather stupid - so at a bare minimum he plays a shrewd political game. Nicely said. I have been pondering the comments and wondering if there is an over riding problem. From my (less than perfect) understanding of the US electoral system, it is possible to have a president elected who has been voted for by considerably less than half of valid votes. This part of the systems seems more broken to a non-US citizen than a (hopefully) single voting machine being caught on camera breaking. In my experience the English spoken in Singapore is as good as that spoken anywhere, although my time in Singapore wasn't that long. My earlier comment has obviously taken somewhat differently to how I meant it. Ahh, good point, exactly (and wow and having no hint of sarcasm as that is blindingly obvious now). Dropbox has this behaviour by default, yes. MacBook Air owners with piddling hard discs (me) may use it as a cloud only store by messing around in prefs, and then forget that it ever worked any other way. I know this misses the main attraction of Dropbox, but one day Ill have a decent disc and will restore it to its former glory. So you have used iTunes today as well? Are you in the US? The reason I ask is that your comment seemed reasonable to me (non-US) and yet you seem to be getting down voted so was wondering if this was a US/non-US divide showing. I haven't followed the lawsuits at all, but thought Apple won some of them. Surely you can't win a frivolous lawsuit? If the rate is anything like that of computers or other complex technical gear, they will need plenty of engineers. Nowhere near the number of people they are replacing on the production lines, but still not an insignificant number. Wish the pizza places near me would crack it. They are either terrible, or 2 hours wages for a nice one. Wish that went to me. Inbox overflowing. Yes. Wow yes. The interface is getting better, but its still awful. At least you can now return a missed call without going out the page, into contacts, and hunting the caller down. The OSX client is a whole other world of pain. FaceTime briefly looked like a promising replacement, but no. Works usually yes, but that isn't all a good service needs. I'd like to enjoy using it rather than getting Skype-rage. Interface, inability to block calls (from iOS at least), I'd better not start or I won't stop. When your history is as impressive as Microsoft's, being forced to take risks may well encourage innovation, however it would be nice if that article gave reasons why Woz thinks what he does. Here (NZ) Amex has higher fees than other cards, and until recently, they were way, way higher. Longest known stuck price. It used be be standard here to ask for $20 of petrol. That is all fine, but if you forget and do that now that petrol is expensive, you have to refill about a day later. Turns out equating an amount of petrol by a variable that continually changes (ie goes up) isn't such a good idea. I'm willing to bet NZers use less than the average. Data caps are very low (30-40gigs is standard, all you can eat is uncommon) and speeds firmly abysmal (3-4mb here off peak, I'm in the biggest city, Auckland, and am about 10-15 from the centre). I have spoken with people high up in the Ultra fast broadband rollout, and they have no idea. I work for a radiology company, and we would like to be able to have 1 gig files belonging to 20ish patients shuffled across town in a reasonable time frame. The UFB guy just didn't get it - orthopedic surgeons see patients for 15mins tops, and spending that waiting for imaging to arrive is somewhat useless. The guy was telling me how well YouTube works on his home UFB. Great. Edit: To be clear, the people I talked to had no idea, presumably the company as a whole does as the scale of the work they are doing is pretty huge, and there haven't been big issues as far as I am aware. I live in NZ and that was true once with some ISPs. I don't know of any companies that do it now. Some stuff is unmetered - usually stuff like on demand video which they get you to pay extra for as a package. Actually, my own plan doesn't charge for VoIP data (as far as I can tell), just a fixed fee. Not that VoIP would use much. If you were in New Zealand I'd ask you to get back in a year after it has rained a bit. Leaky building syndrome - cheap, fast, crap buildings that get toxic mold and fall apart. But if the building is any good, then yes, I can see that watching it would be disheartening. New Zealanders other than me come here! It's funny that the Waikato reference is used the same way in an international forum as a it would be on a New Zealand one. Edited to make sense. Judging by the video, growing anything on that land would be near impossible - it may be that this is often an issue? Surely the trip to collect the thing after it passes out the minefield is an issue, it could take days to retrieve.