Is there anywhere to eat on Sandhill Road? It's kind of funny that Sevin Rosen is giving up at the same time Sequoia is scoring on this scale. I'm tuned... what do you mean? this story's still not #1 Can you do it again? yet another advantage of being in the Bay Area very funny, ethan Thanks for the suggestion. If anyone else has suggestions, let us know in the comments on this thread. This is from that terrible book by Nesheim. I wouldn't trust anything he says. Making the site invite-only would be the opposite of what we want. One of the goals of this site is to discover smart people we might not otherwise notice when they apply for funding. Doing things through connections works well in the VC world. Because of the large investments they make, they're more conservative. But in the seed funding business you need to be aggressively democratic. Yeah, I know. The site is at least simple and functional, but we should (and will) make it look better soon. I noticed a several people suggesting features in other threads, so I'm starting one explicitly for that. I know there's a lot that needs improving; the site is pretty bare-bones at this stage. So propose whatever new features you think we need, and vote for the ones that you want most. Spam actually showed up the first day. Fortunately we already had good tools for dealing with it. Not logging users out when we restart the server. (If you find yourself suddenly logged out, that's why. Sorry, will fix.) See http://ycombinator.com/s2007.html for details. The application form lives at http://news.ycombinator.com/apply. Probably time to make urls in comments turn into links. Can you let me know precisely how to reproduce it? Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I hope we can tell the difference between people who are smart and those who are merely articulate. (We all have a lot of experience dealing with hackers, after all.) The server's written in Arc too. I wanted to learn how to write one. We won't clutter it up. Look how minimal the YC site itself is. Several of the startups we've funded use S3, and they seem to like it. That was a bug, not a design choice; I just fixed it. Adam's startup is making software that works closely with Outlook. In that sort of application it might make sense to use Java or C#. We never proposed there was no lower bound; the goal was more to discover where it was. And we now have, I think. Though in fact the main thing we discovered was how fuzzy it is. There really are people who can start a startup when they're 19. Sam Altman, the founder of Loopt, was 19. But for most people the lower bound is about 22. One reason is that most people need to experience what a job is like to be sufficiently motivated to avoid it. Another is that few people are forceful enough at 19. This is weird. I believe you, but I can't reproduce it. Can you send me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It wouldn't work to assemble teams of cofounders. A startup puts such strains on your friendship that you need it to be an established one. editor: vi, ide: repl This was in fact a bug. It's now fixed. Sorry about that. If anyone cares, it was because the http server is also written in Arc, on top of MzScheme, and we misread the MzScheme doc on make-limited-input-port to believe that limit-k referred to k of bytes. In fact it refers to bytes. So while we thought we were capping http requests at 2 meg, we were in fact capping them at 2k. Dang, after only three days we already have YouTube videos on the front page. (I voted it up though.) It seems a reasonable model to say that outcome = idea x execution, but there's no reason to put the dollar sign on the execution. Rather than outcome = idea x $execution The more honest model would be outcome = $(idea x execution) No picture? IANL but I'm pretty sure YC funding is not enough. But I've heard there are ways to get into (or rather stay in) the US if you go on to raise larger amounts of funding. I think these guys are more serious than they seem. I know James Hong is. You may hit something good by accident, but you don't keep it by accident. Harder to say about the upper bound. The factors you mention may play a role, especially kids. I also think need for money is a factor. Most people who could make money have by 40, and once you have enough, you're less willing to endure the pain of starting a startup. The average age of YC founders is about 25. This is one of my favorite books. I've read it several times. They wouldn't even need this "feature" if they had a more sophisticated algorithm for ranking stories on the frontpage. The source of all their trouble is that a story that makes the frontpage becomes the *top* story on it, instead of working its way up like on reddit (and here). Whoever made the thing is certainly not a born hacker. If you decide to change a vote and click on Back, it takes you right off the page, and if you click on forward again, it restarts. Why does the thing even have to be flash? It could just be an html form. Similar to the point of plagiarism in some respects (there are only three questions on their application form not copied from ours). But there are some differences: 1. They have an official connection to VCs. No one in seed funding can afford to do this, because it means you hose 90% of the companies you fund. If you don't give them their next round, no other VC will either, because you had inside info and you didn't. 2. They make no promise to keep doing this after this summer. YC and its network of other startups will be there to help you a year from now. 3. They give lower valuations: $12.5k for 5% in the average (2.5 founder) case, vs $17.5k for 6%. 4. At the end you demo to investors in the #6 startup market, whereas at YC you get to demo in both #1 and #2. Not at all; we're not VCs. We just do seed funding. That is a very different world. If a seed firm has an official relationship with a VC, that VC will know which of their startups are best. They can't invest in all of them, since the number of startups is so much larger at the seed phase. Any they don't invest in, other VCs will know are rejects. And this is the kiss of death, because the most important thing to most VCs is other VCs' opinion. Both Techstars and the new Lightspeed thing have this problem. At Techstars one of the founders is a VC, and Lightspeed is itself a VC firm. dupe 50 million pounds? That has to be a typo. We'd consider them. We have sometimes accepted companies that have already had a little funding. We prefer companies that aren't incorporated yet, though, because the paperwork is so much simpler. http://ycombinator.com/faq.html Trusted human editors. Am debugging it now. More that you can't count on any given acquirer. Ok, from now on, restarting the server shouldn't log anyone out. Form submissions will still be lost if a restart happens in the middle, though. really? which ones? This is a real problem. When a partner from WSGR came to speak at YC, I asked her what was the single worst mistake made by inexperienced founders, and she said it was being sloppy with stock. They're all not launched and/or making something new. We find two or three works best. One advantage of three is that you have a third person to defuse any dispute between the other two. But if the two founders have known each other long enough, like Emmett and Justin, you may not need that. Fixed. At news.yc we have a plan for linkjacking: the editors just replace the url with the url of the original source. I'm sure anyone who has to deal with cell carriers would say it was a pain in the ass. But that pain also kills off a lot of competitors. Much of Loopt's success is traceable to the fact that they were one of the few groups, if not the only one, who were both great hackers and willing to endure endless meetings with cell carriers. Really? Do you have a reference? this is a duplicate submission It makes you register to even see anything. What were they thinking? This reminds me of those college rankings where they calculate each college's score by dividing the number of books in the library by the percent of faculty with beards. GI, GO. VCs certainly live in a very chummy world, but their valuations are not stingy. In fact they're artificially high, because the structure of VC funds pushes them to make excessively large investments, and that in turn means valuations have to be high or the founders aren't left with enough stock to keep them interested. I read this sort of pre-announcement as a sign of panic. "Wait! Don't use any of those web-based Photoshop replacements. We're going to write a web-based image editor ourselves." Why pre-announce it? To prevent people from using competitors in the meantime. Why the need to do that? Because Adobe is genuinely afraid of those competitors. MSFT used to do this a lot. It doesn't require you to actually have something in 6 months; if people wait, you've achieved your goal. I'm surprised Arrington bought it. I don't believe they have 1400 applicants. I think that must be a misunderstanding; that may be the number of people who'd asked for info about it. None of her arguments are convincing. In particular, it doesn't matter how many other people are starting startups. It's not as if there's some limit to the total number of startups that can succeed. These talks are from the first two startup schools, not YC dinners. However, I believe all of them except Wozniak have spoken at YC dinners as well. These are the dinner speakers this (winter) batch: http://ycombinator.com/w7speakers.html If it's divided into layers, you could release the substrate as open source and keep some of the uppermost bits. Just a dupe, IIRC. It does in a sense, because it makes it faster to add new features. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. done Did you not notice that we use nofollow links? Where this guy goes wrong is that he assumes (without realizing it) that there's some limit on the number of startups there can be. But that's probably not true. No one proposes there's any limit on the number of people who can be employed by companies with thousands of people. Why should there be any limit on how many fragments that effort can be broken into? The average YC founder is about 25. The range so far has been from 19 to (I think) 33. Odd that Bill seems to measure the quality of a hacker by his ability to optimize. For me the test of a good hacker is inventing new kinds of software. Bill's test is probably an artifact of Microsoft's circumstances. Presumably hackers there rarely get to initiate new projects. Sequoia. was this a duplicate? I think this is a promising field. We'd be interested in funding more startups doing search. done done There's now a "best ever" page: http://news.ycombinator.com/best This is now fixed: try the "parent" link. we now have this Now that is an interesting idea. I'll mull over ways to do it. We now have this: the "parent" link. This is now fixed. Every form now does a redirect afterwards. (It turned out to be a lot of work. The software used to think in closures and I had to make it be able to think in urls as well.) I'm considering doing this for questions (i.e. submissions with blank urls). I think it would be a bad idea for stories. Google search is pretty big. Is it a social network? Sequoia in a second, if they actually offered at that stage. If a startup was super good, so good that what a top VC offered was rounding error compared to what the startup could do for itself, they might be better off with angel money, because they could name their terms, and they'd probably get a better valuation. Google did that for their early rounds. But few startups are that hot. We're almost as important as Perez Hilton... Ok, we have profiles: click on your name and put whatever you want in the "about" field. Because it's a good idea? Not that you should start a company with a stranger, though; I would not recommend that. I'll check my mail. Meanwhile I'm marking this dead; nothing personal. Not so fast; we are pretty good at repairing ideas. You're only 21? I would have guessed 26. It's hard to say for sure, but I'd guess it's not off by more than a couple years. YC founders probably differ from the average founder more in how hackerly they are than their age. We have a strong bias toward companies run by the people actually writing the software. You don't have to be a US citizen or resident to own a US company. We'll gradually be adding more features of this type. I thought most of them were funny too. Startups are basically comedies, or at least seem so in retrospect. One thing I've learned from YC is that practically all startups are broken in some way, no matter what face they show to the world. And novel kinds of breakage are the basis of humor. I don't think the idea of winning by having super-duper rocket scientists is antiquated. In fact, I think the world is just learning how fearsome a company can be if they get all the smart people. Yahoo discovered something similar in 1995. At the end of Yahoo search results they'd have links to do the same search at other search engines. People were surprised at their confidence at the time. But it wasn't just confidence: it made Yahoo the natural starting point. I think the appeal is like that of a live show vs listening to a recording. My god, is that site cluttered with ads. Looks like a site from 1997. There was no "print friendly" (i.e. human friendly) link either. I just gave up. We have some software for dealing with spammers and voting rings. It's not that visible, but it's there. We're actively trying to avoid the nastiness that seems to take over so many online discussions. That's why there are fewer down-arrows here, for example. I suspect that down arrows are more often clicked on stupidly than up arrows, that if you don't have down arrows you give people fewer ways to inject stupidity into the system. I'll probably never get around to supporting bold text in comments either, for the same reason. To some extent news.yc is protected by being about a topic only a small number of comparatively smart people care about. With any luck we'll never have the full-blown trolls you find on general news sites. I have some ideas for solutions if trolls do start to appear. About 40%. I don't know what we're going to do next year if this keeps up. We'll have to recruit people to help us read the applications. Are there some features I could add that would make YC News itself do what you need in this respect? Comparing investors to record labels etc is a little harsh. They're notorious for leaving bands with nothing. Whereas as rich as investors get from startups, founders get richer. (Myspace is a famous exception precisely because it's an exception.) Two YC startups have gotten bought so far, and the founders made a lot more than we did. Hmmm. In 1997 I was writing ecommerce software, and now I'm working on a news site... We know these guys pretty well and we like them. They understand hackers better than most VCs. While DH is a smart guy, one of our rules of thumb at YC is to be skeptical of any application containing the phrase "semantic web." It's a bad idea magnet the way AI was in the 1980s. That is what I'm thinking about right now. We said explicitly when we started news.yc that one goal was to get to know founders before they applied to us. I think I'll add messaging next. If anyone has suggestions about how it should work, or other community features we should add, just let us know in this thread. Actually this year we're tightening up security a bit. Please don't just show up. It's very nice of Stanford to lend us the auditorium, and we don't want to be bad citizens. If we have too many people for the room, the campus police won't like it. Both are true, but there's no contradiction: people are selective about who they "network" with, and they select based on ability. I think it was an O'Reilly blog post about news.yc. wc -l The reason those early articles got so many points is that the decay function was broken initially. Instead of accelerating downward off the frontpage with age, the velocity of stories' fall actually decreased. Because of this bug some of those stories stayed on the frontpage racking up votes for 4 days. It's not only me who kills them. There are a bunch of people (mostly founders of startups we've funded) who have editor auth. 90% of dupes and spams are dead before I see them. Editors can also fix typos and replace linkjacks with the url of the original article. We got another day's stats so as long as the story was still live I just updated the url. Here's the old one: http://ycombinator.com/ycnewstraffic.png Oddly enough I'd never checked before, but as of now there are 1426 accounts. The reddits told me once that about 1 out of 10 visitors there is logged in, so this seems about right. You don't miss out, because introductions flow so freely. It's not hard to find someone two hops from anyone you want to meet, and once you've done that (if you seem worth introducing), the two hops happen fast. We have YC T-Shirts, and they say "Make something people want" on them. All the people we fund get them. This is definitely coming soon. Yes, they're VCs. I think they'd be more willing to do small (e.g. 500k) deals than many other VCs though Long term, certainly. There are a lot more features coming. There are actually three kinds of shirts: gray ones that say MSPW, plum-colored ones that say "Strap on some plums" (the other half of succeeding in a startup), and black ones, of which there are only 7 in existence, that say "I made something people want." To get one, just fill out this simple form: http://news.ycombinator.com/apply Actually I'm planning to add more stuff to help people meet communicate with one another. The new "about" field in the profile is a step toward that. I don't want to just solve YC's problem; I want to make this site do what users need. I don't think creating buzz prior to launch is that necessary for most startups. The question is more how to get a lot of people to the site after there's something to do there. It's so hilarious the way they keep this stuff at arm's length. They can't say tag cloud without scare quotes (I'm with them there) and yet *they're making one*. Sorry, can't be president (born in England). But as far as I know there is no reason you can't start a company on a student visa. You can't be hired by someone else's company, but you don't have to be a US citizen or resident to own a company based in the US. Weymouth. My father was working at Harwell. Actually 2 out of 4 YC founders are immigrants. Trevor's from Canada. At Viaweb, two of the three main hackers (Robert and Trevor) were in grad school the whole time and actually got their degrees. In fact, Trevor got his a day or so before the Yahoo deal closed, and was the subject of Viaweb's last press release: http://www.paulgraham.com/tlbphd.html I believe some cofounders can still be in grad school, as long as at least one isn't. I think 4 out of 39 startups have had a female cofounder. This reflects fairly accurately the proportion of women among the applicants. I think the reasons there are so few women are that (a) fewer women are fanatical about technical stuff, and you have to be kind of a fanatic to start a startup, and (b) fewer women are willing to have their lives consumed by work, which is what happens to most founders of successful startups. Y Combinator itself has a female co-founder: http://foundersatwork.com/jessicalivingston.html We've talked about the question a fair amount, and I think she would agree with the explanation above. [edit: changed 3 to 4] It's not a dealbreaker for us. It becomes more of a dealbreaker as the amount of the investment grows. For VCs doing a multi-million dollar series A round, it almost certainly would be. It's not a dealbreaker for us. It becomes more of a dealbreaker as the amount of the investment grows. For VCs doing a multi-million dollar series A round, it almost certainly would be. Oops, it is 4. I forgot one. Capoeirista, would you mind sending me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It looks like you recently tried to submit a comment that tripped a bug in the software, possibly due to some weird characters in it. If you can tell us what you were doing, it will help us diagnose the bug. Thanks. that's for *rob* conway It's very amusing the way they're just doing an end-run past all the bureacratic stuff cooked up by the city. That's the great thing about startups; they just flow right around gatekeepers. I believe they were his grad students. Founder from The Apprentice. Name = Zoodango. I'm not sure if the Bubble is really back, but I'm increasingly noticing something that was a component of it: startups that sound like they were cooked up by The Onion. I think most people who invest in startups do it in the hope of actually making money. And while the average return may be negative, the best investors make a lot. You just have to be honest with yourself about whether you're a good investor. At YC what drives us to make money is not wanting to be bad at what we do. If all the startups we fund fail, then we look bad, and we are the kind of people who really hate to look bad. That's arguably one of the unseen benefits of YC: if someone takes funding from us, they put themselves in a position where if they fail, we fail. YC is so public that we work much harder to make sure companies succeed than we would if we cared only about the returns. Believe it or not, some may. Several top-tier VCs have told me (truthfully or not) that some lower-grade VCs know their funds are never likely to make money, and they're just doing it for the fat management fees. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=1015 That's exactly how we look at it: the most important thing we offer is advice and connections, and the money is just to pay your living expenses so that you can focus entirely on the startup for long enough to get it properly launched. It always annoys us when people say YC is a ripoff because we want an avg of 6% of a co for $15-20k. One reason we don't argue (much) with people who say that is that we treat the question as a sort of preliminary IQ test in the application process. Because (a) putting our own money in is a test of our commitment and forces us to pay attention, and (b) a lot of the founders would be distracted by money issues and wouldn't be able to focus on their startups. Actually the scalability of YC is a fascinating question. As hackers we're always thinking about that. And of course as hackers we have ideas about how to do it. We've been gradually growing the number of startups in each batch. But we often speculate about what we'd have to do to fund, say, 1000 startups per year. There has to be some way to do it. Whatever the answer is, it would be something to see, wouldn't it? You can't talk about VCs generally because there's such a difference between the good ones and the bad ones. The good ones serve their investors pretty well. We'd never compete with VCs, incidentally. It's a completely different world from ours. They invest on behalf of other people (or more often, institutions). So while they have huge resources at their command, they have to answer to their investors, and this makes them excessively conservative. We much prefer using our own money, even if it limits what we can do. Interesting question. It might actually be ok to take money from a firm like that, if you didn't have any better alternatives. You wouldn't have the brand or connections of a top VC, but you'd at least have the money, which is not nothing. That's not my list; that's just the list of names I got from asking people I know. There are a few firms on it that I haven't met partners from personally, and quite a lot of partners I know who didn't make the list. We don't have an official relationship with any VC firm, but we did invite GK to Demo Day. We already do this. We actively introduce new founders to "alumni" that can help them. There are now a lot of them. At the first dinner, instead of having an outside expert speak, we invite all the alumni. This time there were more speakers than audience at that dinner. The peer-to-peer aspect of YC already scales. The hard part to scale is what we partners do. Going back to school is not identical with giving up. Some founders go back to school and keep working on the startup while there. However, those do so much worse than the people who work on the startup full-time that going back to school seems, in practice, not too far removed from a death sentence for a startup. Off the top of my head, I'd guess we've had about 8 startups where the founders went back to school. It doesn't only happen with summer batches. Founders from winter batches do it too. Usually the reason is that the startup isn't doing very well. However, that judgement depends a lot on how determined the founders are. One reason we now shy away from funding people still in school is that they often unconsciously want the startup to fail, because the idea of dropping out frightens them. A lot of startups look bad after 3 months. Someone who's out of school and has to make it work or get a job in a cubicle will say "don't worry, we'll figure out how to make it successful." Yes, but that is not surprising, because the biggest predictor of success is determination. In startups, merely being determined to succeed tends to make it so, if you're reasonably smart and flexible. The Kikos are the only startup so far that has died of causes not of their own making. As everyone will soon realize when they launch justin.tv, they did not fail because of lack of balls. There are few photos of YC dinners. Usually we'd frown on it because it would be distracting. But we wanted some new images for our site, so we asked one of the founders who was a good photographer to take some. The speaker that week was Ron Conway. We also had Steven Levy and Paul Buchheit visiting. This is like a beaten defender grabbing a forward's shirt as he runs by. Time to sell VIA and buy GOOG. I better get to work on messaging. http://www.auralex.com/acoustic_studiofoam_4p/acoustic_studiofoam_4p.asp I know of cases where cofounders met at startup school, but we haven't funded any. The most ad hoc group of founders we funded were a pair who knew one another online but hadn't met. That didn't work out very well. To combat linkjacking, people with editor auth can replace linkjacked urls with the url of the original source. The original submitter still gets the karma points though; he was after all the one who brought it to everyone's attention. If the success rate for VC funded startups is 18%, then I could easily believe the overall rate is 10% or lower, because angels fund more startups than VCs, and they are less selective. This graph contains pretty dramatic news: the lowest quarter of VCs used to make small positive returns up till 1997, and since then they've consistently lost more and more money. It looks like a lot of dumb money arrived in 1997. Vote this up if you want the fonts bigger and visited links darker. I think it's reasonable to design for the 53,651. What they use, others will later. The Apple II was designed for the 53,651. Or if you prefer things the way they are, vote this up. The downward slope is almost certainly due to the increase in money being put into VC funds. Without a corresponding increase in the number of promising startups, the returns have to fall. The graph is a visual illustration of the standard VC complaint: too much money chasing too few deals. Apparently VCs put $238 million into Tellme. That is a lot of funding. We like people who work on things for fun because it shows they really like hacking. That's why we have a question on the application form asking "what cool things have you built?" On the other hand, if someone were spending time on side projects during the first few months of their startup, that would be a bad sign. It ought to. Among other things, one ought to get first wind of new trends (including potential competitors) on a site like this. Maybe it's time I finally explained the math of taking investment. You should give up n% of your company iff (not a typo) what you'll get in return for it will increase the value of the remaining (100 - n)% enough to put you net ahead. So in the case of YC, you should trade us 6% of your co if you think that the money plus whatever else we add will increase your average outcome by 7%. (.94 x 1.07 > 1) Do we increase the average outcome of the startups we fund by 7%? I think few would say we didn't. I'd guess we at least double the outcome for the average startup. We see them; you have to if you want to catch abuses like voting rings and sockpuppets. But I can't actually remember any votes, no. SQL injection? You'd need something more like alist injection. Creative? The striking thing to me is how similar they all seem. Except Jamglue of course... This is from 2000, Feb 2000 no less. I don't know of anyone saying this kind of thing today. Investors are certainly looking for companies that can go public or get acquired. Arguably only those, in fact. What's changed is that no one now would expect that in 12-18 months. That was just Bubble craziness. desperation Yes, few professional investors would be interested. No matter what they claim about wanting to build long-lasting companies, the structure of VC funds requires them to have exits. Interestingly, though, you'd also be out of luck with a lot of potential employees. The more ambitious ones want options that might make them rich. Without any prospect of an exit, you lose all the hotshots to competitors who offer such a prospect. That's why big, private tech companies are so rare. Yes, I agree with you there. Never estimate what hackers can do. Robert was so anti-publicity that he refused to let me list his name on the About page. As a compromise he let me list him under a pseudonym. "The Bunster" was his girlfriend (now wife). We put a gratuitous cgi-bin in the urls to throw off potential competitors, so they wouldn't guess how our software worked. Not sure if any were even sophisticated enough to wonder about that, in retrospect. Looks like it was designed by a billboard designer rather than a page designer. This is probably a very incomplete list. I've heard they've been buying several per month. Most are so small they don't have to disclose them. Why just a screenshot instead of a link to the site? Google wasn't just underground then; it didn't exist. Google wasn't founded till a year later. What he's really thinking is how few good people they leave for Microsoft. Nearly everyone who gets an offer from both must choose Google. So the more people Google hires each year, the lower down the list Microsoft's top recruits start. done; we now have all three of these there is a prototype of this at news.ycombinator.com/active done (by you, in fact) If other people agree with this, please upvote joshwa's suggestion. If you want to keep things the way they are, upvote this reply. you can now delete a comment if it has no children by editing it blank done prototype at news.ycombinator.com/active Wow; my slight annoyance at having someone write software I wish I was writing (instead of working on my damned talk for startup school) is outweighed by how impressed I am at your initiative. Plus it's actually useful... It's not wider. Perhaps it seems wider because the top bar is narrower. duplicate Would this work for a company designing a car? So why should we expect it to work for software? Shows how far behind these guys are. There are other ways of ordering comments. Hmm, that's true. So should I add a preview page (thereby making the bookmarklet less immediate)? Their logo, incidentally, was done by Alexis Ohanian, who invented the Reddit alien. Unfortunately this is one of the later editions, "revised" by Carnegie's wife after his death. I would only recommend reading earlier editions: http://abebooks.com/servlet/SearchResults?an=dale+carnegie&tn=friends+influence&yrh=1960 I keep meaning to write this one, but it is extremely dangerous territory. One of the many strange things you discover when you get rich is how dangerous it is to talk about it. Most people don't mind, but occasionally one will go nuts on you in a way that is enough to make you not want to talk about the subject at all. We have no idea how much money something like YC might make long term. VC is a well understood business, but this is completely new. We're in the black at the moment, but not buying jets. We lost money on Kiko, incidentally. Their later stage investors got paid back, and the founders made a little, but YC got 38 cents on the dollar.