Setting a standard for every browser to cost the end user nothing seems to have worked out pretty well for the Web and everyone on it. But that's nonsense; there's no way to disprove PG's claim if you make it untestable like that. Here's my lesson: you can think it's "eek out" and still make that much money as a writer these days. Advertising is hilarious! Didn't Opera do this years ago? I remember Meteor! Yeah it describes pretty basic "discoveries", and reads a bit like a book report. Would love some detail. This seems to be a pretty badly written infomercial. This is exactly it - people are so used to thousands of road deaths a year, funding unpleasant oil-supplying regimes, polluting their neighbourhoods and traffic that they don't realise they are avoidable. As mentioned before, it's a lack of imagination. I get what you're saying, but I wouldn't refer to that as a performance issue without any context. Is using none a bit like using http instead of https? The standards support it, but it's 2017 so we shouldn't do it. What I like about JWT's concept is it's completely distributed authorisation: there's no call to a central identity provider. Thus a SPA can pull initial security info from its server, and then fire out requests to different APIs. As long as the API endpoints have the SPA server's public key, they can verify everything without calling it or another central server. Having said that, I'm not able to discern whether it's secure enough to be workable, so I only know to mandate a list of good algorithms on the API endpoints and to use SSL :) I'll have to read about this session stuff. EDIT: I wonder if in bigger projects, a message bus or in-memory cache could signal a token blacklist once the user logs/times out of the original server? Or as some others have said, just have short expiry times and ping the SPA server for new tokens every couple of minutes. This just seems like an odd edge case on the 50 move stalemate rule, because it's such an unusual thing to shoot for to achieve a draw that a chess program doesn't normally bother to look for it. Doesn't seem that useful a demonstration, except for people who don't know much about computers. Is this a bit like Hawking on AI? I wouldn't say it's impossible to invalidate them individually. It's certainly more effort, and it's probably better to have short-lived session tokens and refreshing, but I think it can be done. E.g. what about a message bus that publishes an invalid token message that is subscribed to by the API-providing systems, so they can maintain a prematurely-expired tokens list? On the keeping info in Javascript vs keeping it in a cookie issue, I don't understand that so well. If you made the token a private member of an object that was responsible for the calls, would that help? Then no code could access it? (Feel free to bail on this at any time if my questions/suggestions become tiresome :)) > If you have a server-side "blacklist", guess what: you're not stateless any more, because you still need to keep data in sync, and now you're tempted to allow some otherwise unacceptable delay for sync, giving a potential attacker more time with a stolen JWT. Plus, you know, defeating the whole purpose of using JWTs (being stateless). While I agree that it's no longer stateless, JWT's still really useful in terms of not needing a centralised auth/auth provider that everyone has to hit to see if I am who I say I am and whether I'm allowed to call an API. And a message bus is a pretty good compromise between the extremes of big wide systems that share state and microservices that don't talk to anything else. > Cookies can be set HTTP only ... session cookie. Thanks - I get what you're saying. > If the data can be read from the network by your JavaScript, it can be read from the network by their JavaScript. Yeah. I think I see what you mean. Assuming you don't mean literally "reading data from the network", as I assume the problem isn't the network access but the access to the security info, are you saying that hostile Javascript on the page can read everything and call everything that legitimate Javascript can? If so, I can't tell the difference between that and - say - a CSRF token, which presumably can also be read by "their" Javascript? How does anything work if you have that mentality? > The vast majority of people don't need the scale that is difficult to achieve with regular server-side sessions, and that JWT claims to "solve". They add complexity to solve a problem most people don't have. Not really talking about sessions, but I think I see what you're saying. > If the attacker has JavaScript access to your page, CSRF is not your problem, so CSRF tokens can't help you. I agree. I'm trying to understand what you were saying about whatever your Javascript has access to, their Javascript does as well. Why should this be a criticism of JWT and not CSRF? > Well, mostly a JWT lets you know the user that is signed in. In my case I'm happy to use non-JWT methods to hold a user's session information (e.g. an HTTP-only cookie) and just want JWT to authenticate with other systems' APIs without needing to centralise auth/auth. > They're unrelated attack vectors. Good point. I guess I more just meant that what can malicious Javascript do with endpoints protected by JWT that it can't do with endpoints protected another way. > JWT's accessed over XHR/etc and stored in local storage are available to any malicious scripts running, meaning they can grab the user's JWT and send it off to their own server, allowing them to make requests as the user. I guess this answers the above question: the difference isn't in what can be executed in the browser, but what can be shipped to a different server to be used in attacks from there. To mitigate that, then, how's this setup: 1) User's session is maintained in HTTP-only cookies. 2) Browser can use (1) to request a JWT token (and a refresh key) to hit a 3rd-party API endpoint. The token is valid for 5 minutes. 3) Browser can use the refresh key from (2) to request another JWT token. Does that pretty much bring it up to parity with using cookies everywhere, while keeping the goal of noncentral auth/auth? On dogfighting being obsolete - I thought in a stealth vs stealth situation dogfighting is a real possibility as stealthed beyond visual range standoffs aren't conducive to turn on a targeting radar. It's like two men in the dark, each with a gun and a torch - whoever turns on their torch first loses. Hence needing to rely on visuals, hence dogfighting. It's sad that we have to start asking this again of open source software, and I'm glad to see a normal MIT licence on the Apollo code itself, but is this in any way encumbered by Facebook's unpleasant PATENTS file? Cool idea; bad overuse of history on website. This is exactly the point - no one needs to be taught how to use an iPad. It's some MBA trying to push "educational strategy". No one who invented any part of an iPad grew up with one. The further into my tech career I go, the more I like a bog standard whiteboard and a notebook and pen. They let me focus on thinking about hard stuff, instead of thinking about how to use some oversold software. Totally agree. I think there's is a huge need to teach children logic, but not code. This makes perfect sense: digitise (as we say now) admin and busywork, to let teachers shine at teaching. When Amazon starts selling cars, and cuts out the money spent on main dealer premises and people in suits sat around all day doing very little. That's when you know the future's here. All my other comments have been said, apart from: what the heck did the bit about karma have to do with anything? If it'd said "Jesus is the reason you're born to your parents" rather than karma, I'm pretty sure that would've rightly attracted some anti-proselytizing comments. Karma or "the universe" aren't any less religious ideas - are we just trained to be offended by some things and not others? I THOUGHT Django generated a random secret! What's MF on about? This is one of the best things I've ever read! Coding that with no hindrance would be totally beyond me. Doing it by voice is astonishing. The "some confidence level" is the problem - how do you come close to quantifying and removing all the other effects that are involved? This stuff always just becomes something that can be debated away if the advertising lead is popular, or otherwise used as an excuse to fire him/her. What on earth is nanosecond data resolution? Does it just means file create/modify timestamps are saved with that level of precision? If so, who cares about that? If you measure complexity as LOC then Haskell will do well, but you may not end up with uncomplex code :-) I'm VERY curious about this! Backend web services not being the sexiest / most theory-requiring subject. How did you convince the client, and why did you choose Haskell for this over, say, .NET, which throws a web service up quicker than it took me to type this? What sort of productivity are you achieving? You must be thinking of something else. This is just a card reader that you type a number into that your bank tells you to type, and that in combination with typing your PIN in (and having your card inserted) spits out a number on a little screen, which you type back into your bank's website. Takes about 1 minute to do, and you don't need it for every action. E.g. you use it for adding a new account payee and for making a first (or very large) payment to a payee. Pretty sure you both mean Scrum. My company sells a product that just does integration between things, and the main way to program it is a visual language that does impedance-matching between XML data structures, loops, conditionals, etc. For that it works really well, and is superfast. But I can't imagine using it for general-purpose programming. Remember when "university" meant "for anyone"? Why should Harvard tuition fees cost anywhere near what it costs to incarcerate someone 24/7? As in they were universally accessible, not that everyone should go to one. I.e. not just education for the rich, education for the smart. Some of the article was okay (although you can cherry-pick a lot to achieve a conclusion) but Langer's study in particular seemed very dubious. They "looked younger"? Stop - that's just way too objective for me! I agree - I would love to see a film, but I can't imagine how it'd work. Message-oriented stuff has been around a long time, so I don't think it's a fad. It's basically taking the concept of "integration" (or API) itself and creating a product for it, just as a database is a product for the concept of persistence. Thus just as not every application has to reinvent a database, with a messaging product not every product has to reinvent queueing up integration calls if the target system isn't available. The article also mentions request-reply being "what you really want", I think that this is a) not true, as a lot of the time you can fire and forget, and b) when you need it the products generally provide a request-reply API on top of their lower-level APIs. No need to reinvent. @jachee there were many issues with LPTHW, despite its cool branding. Here's a list compiled by some who had to repeatedly walk people who used it through the many problems it introduced to their learning process: https://sopython.com/wiki/LPTHW_Complaints I hope you carry on with Python! Maternity leave in theory has the same disadvantage, as generally women take this more than paternity leave (though I think that's changing) - it can be combatted by public denigration of companies that consider men to be preferable hires on the basis of lower risk of disruption and lower costs. Thus I don't think it'd be a problem. The numbers scale regardless of what percentage of the day everyone "really works". Which bit sounds sarcastic? "This is what you get when bean counters run tech companies." Yeah, letting the COO be CEO isn't necessarily a good idea in a tech company. I've understood what he's said just fine, richmarr, and you're definitely coming across in the way he's interpreting. You _seem_ to have a problem that you're struggling to define, other than a nebulous issue of "respect" which, as he's pointed out, should have absolutely no bearing on how scientifically legitimate something is. (Indeed, objections such as that are often an alarm bell.) So: he hasn't assumed that you mean people other than researchers. If there is actual research happening then cite one example (as he already asked). He's also explained that any serious researcher wouldn't give two hoots about respect, and would only want to discover the truth, whatever it may be. Do you agree with that? This is all rather pointless when Scilly drove Apple into the ground and Jobs subsequently sent it into the stratosphere. I'm no Jobs fan at all, but that much is obvious. Look at how badly Jobs treated his subordinates and family for an actual criticism of him. I'm a new parent who codes, and it is difficult, but not impossible. I would note that you keep attempting to analyse (or rather, guess) the emotions of people you disagree with, and it might be better to stay logical and systematic in order to communicate effectively. Probably, because they have to work weekends! 'Using your definition of freedom of speech we could easily justify not outlawing murder: "We should just educate people not to murder each other instead of banning it."' Freedom of speech is a very high value because sometimes extremist views (such as "we should rebel against the British") are a good idea, yet if there are anti-extremism laws, this sort of idea would never be surfaced, because extremism can be defined however the enforcer chooses to define it. Why you think this also applies to murder? Funny how people think that throwing a syntax error is "Draconian" just because it's HTML. if(vendor.name == "Apple") open(arms); The graphs showing what different ages groups have saved for retirement seem to forget that older people have had more time to save. The only new thing was a capacitive touchscreen, which allowed more responsiveness to a touch input. It just came along at the right time. It's really not. Calm down and don't pick up on one minor point and reply with a giant response. Obviously no one else thinks that cars are unnecessary. Well there is, because you get autonomous trains today due to the massively reduced problem space. It was nice that they followed the Microsoft flat design stuff. Weird that it was all psychedelic, though. That was hilarious. > It's fine if people enjoy socializing over dinner, but let's not arbitrarily assume it's morally superior. Why mischaracterise as an arbitrary moral thing to latch on to the current zeitgeist and make it seem somehow worse? It's a bit like saying getting kids to eat less junk food is an arbitrary moral imposition. Adds nothing. > A device-free social event makes as much sense to me as having an equipment-free sporting event. A bad analogy is like an equipment-free sporting event: it has no objectively measurable goals. Yeah, there was absolutely nothing wrong - the writer had already done what could be reasonably be expected, and the remainder is now for the reader to not mess up their interpretation of a very simple question. > And quite frankly, most "real-life" interactions seem to be pretty much the same. Just sitting around with phones talking about things you saw on the [social] Internet This is a bit of a sad statement. What about conversation in a group, or debate in a meeting at work, or communicating with your children, or any other kind of relationship? Not everything can be showing each other videos, as YouTube can already recommend better than humans can. Yes, a much more predictable response to a reasonable article is laughter at nonexistent moral panic. It's part of a crude, mimicked categorisation system that less analytical people sometimes subscribe to. Elitist is not a real criticism here - no one needs to be elite to access "not giving your kids so much time on addictive electronics". They were obviously implying that, yes. Then just backpedalling for some strange reason. No one is bragging. They are just talking. And the point isn't that no kid can cope with massive exposure to technology, it's that now, all kids have access to it. A kid from the 90s who grew up on it was probably pretty smart to be able to access that stuff, and could potentially cope better with it than another kid (although you can have very poor social development and still get paid a lot, so the job thing doesn't really prove anything) - now, all kids have access, if their parents let them. I'm not saying it's bad, necessarily. I'm just concerned by the lack of logic in a lot of these pro-technology responses. Film idea: a young Indiana Jones and Samuel L Jackson's character from Snakes on a Plane attend a church like this as teenagers. Anyone else got goosebumps? @libertymcateer - the scope is still broader than what you're focusing on: first of all, it's not just software patents (I know you mention this, but it's worth emphasising) and secondly it could be a company you have a share in sueing a company Facebook has a share in, about ANY patent infringement. That act alone is enough to revoke your company's licence to use React. With enough training data I reckon I could write an AI for forums that filters out this sort of suggestion. "Americans are the largest pet owners in the world" -1 No need to bring Americans' weight into it! This article definitely creates and then never uses unnecessary three letter acronyms (uTLAs). Awesome watch. But they are anachronistic, if you'll pardon the pun. Any $0.50 quartz watch keeps better time! Perhaps, but the ratio of number of people involved to complexity is much higher in making a watch like this. This is an interesting alternative to having a newspaper website: a newspaper via email. Not the first, I'm sure, but possibly the best organised. Dude, why are you apologising so profusely? Your beliefs are not a problem either way! 50 isn't old, and well done for achieving success in different areas of work! Heh this was exactly my thought. I've no idea why they couldn't just store the data in a database! Or if they really have several ways of storing data, then have a database for each and a common API/ESB layer over the top. Seems normal. Not sure how just having a new API on top of a database doesn't achieve the same? This is my attitude to the React PATENTS file - yeah okay I probably won't be big enough to worry about it, but just in case I am, why take the risk with React? They know that what you wrote on the whiteboard was definitely your work. Also a big fan of Liquibase here, on SQL Server. I've used Redgate in the past, which is even graphical etc, so simpler to use for slightly less technical DBAs. Alembic is amazing, but AFAIK only works with its author's (world-beating) ORM, SQLAlchemy. I didn't think it was a general-purpose database change tool. This is a good hackers and painters juxtaposition: in STEM, it doesn't have to be novel as long as it is better. In art it doesn't have to be better as long as it's novel :-) Is this a stealth "I'm done with the small delta of novelness Arc already has and am stopping on it. If you can't appreciate that then you need to look harder" article? :-) Yeah I like Gates, much more than Jobs or Ellison, for example. I'm sure he was far from perfect, but he's pumped more money (and convinced others to pump more money) into big causes than probably most others on the planet. Ballmer on the other hand - both an idiot who stopped Microsoft doing much good for ten years, supported a stupid HR manager in her talent-scaring practices, and also helped give MS its bad reputation. Good job mate. "But I thought the internet removed all boundaries?" And yet inexplicably I still can't walk through walls. Might be better off spending £5k+ on personal gifts for each decision maker than bothering with Web advertising if it's that few people you're targeting :-) The website is a bit titchy on my Android phone (OnePlus 3T). Bit off-putting as I assume it's built in UnderExpress? Does the new Firefox have a password sync feature like Chrome's? I'd much rather trust Mozilla with that sort of thing (especially if I could host my own backend to it somewhere) than Google. As an aside, one silly thing that tarnished Mozilla's brand for me was the treatment of Brendan Eich. I may not agree with his donation of money but I think impinging on his rights is a far more fundamental immorality than what he was accused of. It's like Twitter's controversy over blue ticks. If they'd only given them as a result of identity verification, and not used them to indicate Twitter's approval of someone's beliefs, then they wouldn't be where they are now. Stick to good tech and fighting for relevant causes, e.g. net neutrality, I say. No one is being punished - I'm not their parent not their government. Which is sort of my original concern. Mozilla was neither of those things to Brendan Eich, and yet more and more we see employers and influencers behaving as though they are. That's my point - I don't want them to spend their money on being a general-purpose morality organisation. I want a browser maker who specifically argues for the most foundational and important of needs regarding the internet. I don't want a social justice crusader who values PR above all. Quack!!! "The real value of Flask is that it makes you appreciate what Django does by default" I have exactly the opposite experience: Flask is nicer than Django; SQLAlchemy is better than Django ORM. Love a bit of Flask. +1 > However it is debatable since Apple is 'only' providing a template/example which the user must actively turn into a 'shortcut' to have this functionality. Or at least that's how I understand this feature works. According to the linked site, this is a premade shortcut that Apple supplied, not something the user needs to create. Just click install and it works, was how I read it. Eep, I thought it would tell me! Is there a quick way to navigate to that date? For 7 of those years Poetry didn't exist. For the 8th year however Poetry and Pipenv have been pretty big news in the Python packaging world. Yes, they toned it down, but still to a wording that suggests a formal recommendation. If you find the discussion, it was not meant to be an exclusive recommendation. Bit of a mistake, in my opinion. using venv and pip/requirements.txt is simple enough for me Sure - it depends on what you're doing. Requirements.txt won't work if you're writing a library; you'll need to move (or duplicate) your dependencies into setup.py. Agree; there are multiple issues in Poetry's Github associated with installing inside Docker. If that's fixed, I'd be much happier with it. You need to put this all somewhere better than a HN comment. I will then immediately share it on HN (-: P.S. no src/ folder? I feel like that's quite a nice idea, although I come from a Java background, so perhaps it just feels familiar. Sort of, but don't read too much into it. If I can use Perl, I can do it in one line of bash. > With malicious ads being the primary vector for compromising a person's computer, calling these tools virus blockers would not only be more accurate, but it would make it harder for sites to counter their use from a public relations point of view. I don't understand this. How are malicious ads the primary way to compromise a computer? Interns also don't read articles properly. It's even more brutal reading articles properly and realising he wasn't an intern. Your comment just triggered the box model. Which is what I call my flashbacks about when hasLayout was true or not. lol This seems a legit argument in 1000 years by a historian who wanted to logic why drugs clearly couldn't have needed prescriptions. Yes - it really should be spheres, but ones that cannot use other spheres for support :-) > Freedom, especially of speech should never be expressed as a right. Wow, an attack on free speech! Luckily you're allowed to voice it with no repercussions. Ah, "serious work". That well-known absolute thing that is the same for everyone. > Surely there's a CPU/disk trade off at some point At an extreme case, yes. Disk is SO CHEAP. I really don't think this is what you think it is. You can use Istio for this already, where one cluster is the master: https://istio.io/pt-br/docs/setup/install/multicluster/share... I've never tried across cloud providers, and so I don't know if latency would be a factor, but I think in theory it could work. You can also join clusters with Istio just for admin and network traffic, i.e. one cluster with Istio in Azure and another cluster with Istio in AWS, talking via the mesh infrastructure. https://istio.io/pt-br/docs/setup/install/multicluster/gatew... That's a pretty cool set of things, at least in theory. Wouldn't mind a project where I could try them all out! > A lot of countries are spending a lot of money to reverse that sentiment right now. Yes, they are currently expensive, but blaming people for having children isn't going to fix anything. I think it's more about why people blame the government or society for the economic ramifications of this choice. We certainly trust scientists' software too much :-) Yes, but they crushed it. How much more quantitative could you get? A task is either crushed, or not crushed. > I support free speech in principle, but internet platforms are such a powerful megaphone for spreading misinformation, the likes of which history has never seen This analogy is misleading, because it does not make it clear that in this situation, everyone has a megaphone. No, because children don't have a right to work. Yes, code extraction is deeply worrying. I installed Kite once, but never enabled it for this reason. I notice noone's mentioned Tidelift. Why is that? A patient is not consulting an expert. A medical student is. Who would be very keen to hear some war stories. I don't understand why changing a title tag would require any code. Is it the framework or the code? (I don't know Vue, but this smells a bit.) > An API that could have been completed in 2 months will now take almost 4 months because I’ve wasted time putting in artificial stopping points along the way. My imposter syndrome starts to set in, but at least management will have pretty burndown charts. This seems to be a failing of the author. https://quoteinvestigator.com/2018/06/19/forgive/ > Anabella is a software engineer with a love for visual design. Her resume is a public page in Notion, making it viewable to the many hiring managers out there browsing the web (and others who might share). This is a weird testimonial. Any frontender should be making their own cool resume website, and not using a website generator! If you sign up for a free Cloudflare account you get HTTPS, and you can point it at a Github Pages page for FREEEEE :-) Plenty of things don't cure depression. Doesn't make them bad. It's localness by homogeneity rather than geography. A bit like current Amazon deliveries, then. This is silly. Everyone knows there are facts. What you're replying to assumes this already. Lots of open source services springing up...that only run on CosmosDB. Yeah that seems better. I can imagine a market for something like that driving a wireless router, or part-driving a fridge or an aircon, to reduce your bill a bit in summer. Show HN what you did :) I love PA, but I wouldn't say that using them is "being done with it". Containers are pretty useful for all sorts. I cringe whenever I have to use a language accelerator. It's as easy as knowing the next number in the sequence: 1, 2, 4, ? :-D The default is pip + python3 -m venv. They're not turning off encryption; they're allowing law enforcement decryption. Whether or not you think that's okay, it's not the same thing. Commenting on the PR-friendliness of something is generally the least valuable of contributions. The death of Zoom means the dominance of Teams. Hope we're happy with the trade. Firefox is funded by Google, mostly. So it's free because you're the product. If you have a warrant, the police can both break into your house and see your records, no glass required. > Oh great! The correct response :-) It's headless, so what're you going to train editors on? The API? > The new approach violates Amazon’s mantra that every decision must put the customer first, said Tim Hughes, a consultant who used to work in product management at Amazon. “Why would their brand be a better option for consumers?” said Hughes, chief operating officer of a firm that helps brands manage Amazon accounts. “It doesn’t necessarily have to be cheaper, or better, or anything. So then what’s their justification to say, ‘We’re just going to put this up in front of everybody else’? This is just another example of Amazon being able to manipulate the platform for its own good use.” Tim Hughes should probably figure out that the previous system had exactly the same properties I hadn't thought of it like that. But is it any different than if they paid for analysts to provide them that info? > Lots of things that are "normal" become highly anti-human when done with Amazon's scale and lack of human review/input. This would make more sense if the consumers benefiting were not human. MQTT is common. > This should just be the default assumption at this point and we should talk about if that is ok for society, not keep feigning surprise at the offense of the day. This is almost good, but doesn't take into account the fact that everything is equally like this. The sociology professor who constantly tweets about racial hatred makes their job more prominent. The president who tweets about the Chinese virus engages their base. It's not just some businesses, because that behaviour of businesses is driven by the fact they're run by people. It's just how some people behave. Why these things aren't completely standardised (i.e. pick from options 1-5 for your privacy policy) is beyond me. > Meet our competent team of scientists, technicians and entrepreneurs. We have competent solutions for your needs. Maybe a thesaurus? It's more like if a big bully were taking your money, so to make sure he got less, you built off-shore fabs. Web Graffiti as a Service! Seriously though, I always wondered why something like this didn't exist. Very cool. Is this coming up because their app store didn't work very well? Not just iffy :) > For starters, Rudin said, “We kind of proved that you can’t do facial recognition from blurry images because there are so many possibilities. So zoom and enhance, beyond a certain threshold level, cannot possibly exist.” Least needed "proof" ever. Is "Life Mode" basically, "we conserve our small battery's life by not having any processing while the screen's off"? > If people cared about society more than money Money is only a way to measure relative value of one thing vs another to people who have things (or time) want things (or time). Money is the wrong thing to focus on. It's like blaming air for carrying bad words. This is interesting. Do you have (or know of) a published comparison somewhere? Has nimbleindustries.io been down more since Github's acquisition by Microsoft? Not yet :) :-) Cloudflare is amazing, yes. Everyone should use it by default, I say. That's not a conclusion, it's a theory. Yeah it's only needed for projects that might change. Anything you can guarantee will never change, is fine. The numbers on Github Enterprise might be different. They probably roll out changes to the free/$4 per month Github first. > it's possible that everyone else moving to all-WfH helped to cause it No, MS prioritising Teams land grabbery is what caused it. GitLab would certainly "feel" like a better bet. But I don't think there's much in it. If it's a free platform, perhaps some GNUers like the idea of their code being hosted on Microsoft's dime :-) The hard bit is checking that all the dependencies you're about to delete are not used anywhere else. This isn't just a mistake. They're saying it's not a problem. Do you agree with that? If not, you're arguing with the wrong person. > politics permeates society No, it's a pitfall people fall into when they read politics into any topic. I sell sharp knives as "surgeon empowerment" devices. Anyone can surg! Wow, you're doing some groundbreaking stuff! Yes indeed. Subsets of it are real, but it's also used as a lazy shortcut that hides reality. He walks a difficult path well. For what services? I don't think accidental genocide is a thing. Code that's written a certain way just to make it unit testable is less common in something like Python, where mocking is super powerful. Or "containers". You can do a very similar thing with CloudFlare and any free/cheap backing store (e.g. S3, Github Pages, etc). Yeah it feels they're just being pushed to out-everything Gitlab, to kill a competitor, before relaxing and stagnating. This is very cool. When you say "CMS", do you have (or look to have) CMSey features such as language translation support and approval workflows? Being overly firm when they've already changed it now is a bit silly. Tableau and PowerBI are way too expensive to power anything public-facing. > We laid ourselves bare as a tax haven This sort of silly emotionalism gets the conversation nowhere. If you can't write good rules to make companies give you money for efforts mostly done in other countries, what do you expect? Apple is ultimately normal people as well, either buying from them or working for them. > Temporal/Cadence are targeting nondomain specific workflows, so they have to be imperative. I'm not sure that follows, although it's interesting! BPMN, for example, is a declarative way of defining processes that isn't domain specific. Did you have a look at that? I think it'd take some serious investment, probably using something like Electron, to make a combined Webmail and desktop mail client that's good and modern. But if someone did that, it'd be really interesting. I sort of think Google should do it with GMail, in fact. > The major problems I see with slack and similar is that it is too easy to lose messages. If I click a channel, but get distracted before I can properly read or act on it, the message is effectively gone forever (unless I remember, or the next time I happen to open the channel). If you push Command-LeftArrow (on Mac) it's like a back button for Slack channels. > To be honest this feels a bit to me like saying that cryptography doesn't work that well because it's difficult. The article itself even has examples of people for which it has worked well (eg Steve Jobs). No, the article specifically does not say that. It says the principle doesn't generalise well across people, for exactly the same reason cryptography doesn't. We have "don't roll your own crypto"; this article is the equivalent for "strong opinions weakly held". I don't know. I think their CloudFlare's pricing is pretty clear. > It's quite funny we are so used to this kind of capitalist view that thinks money solves all our issue. This is silly. No one thinks that. You're just not telling the difference between "necessary" and "sufficient". That sounds less hilarious, and more extremely useful free info and software. Yeah it's rather easier to say (with no evidence) "yes but that doesn't help 100 % of people" than to do something. Well done for doing something, DoreenMichele. Cheaper and more plentiful energy, food, cars, everything would make it unnecessary. "Waving a magic wand" statements aren't very helpful. > So what they're really saying is, all those other guys (the "well off") should pay more, and then they'd pay more, too. The well off don't pay much tax, and they will probably pay none at the top end (they'll donate to charity, for example, which they work at, and the charity will fly them around to their meetings, pay for accommodation, etc). Generally it's the middle class who end up paying tax until it's not worth working any harder. The company inherited a billion dollars with the Alibaba IPO around the time she became CEO, and she couldn't make it work. > but Knol suffered from the problem you'd expect if everyone gets to write their own self-promotional competing article on a topic Now we have Quora, of course. > If you get one of the top 5, you're golden. However, they might prefer the real expensive enterprisy solutions. This can be mitigated, as if Stacker offer the top 5 a massive licence discount compared to big enterprisey tools, so they're making more profit on the same result, then they'll pick it. And for the big enterprisey solutions that are built in an old, expensive way, they won't be able to compete on price for long, which could be interesting. Yep - SQLAlchemy's JSONB type is awesome as well. It's made life so much easier for relatively unstructured data!