From the "What you can do" section at the bottom: 3. Purchase a unit and/or encourage others who are able, to do so. Sounds like a scam. Any real breakthrough would be pushing to get major funders on board via trails, demos, etc, and not appealing to a blog reader to buy a unit. The author doesn't really expound why 1password wouldn't work. It's available for Mac/Win and integrates nicely with FF, IE(Win), Chrome and Safari(Mac). That software is indispensable to me, as I often login to numerous dev and test instances of webapps in addition to my shopping and forum sites... I can now have long, secure passwords/phrases that are autogenerated. In addition, with dropbox, I have 1password distributed on all my devices. I avoid the Google problem he mentioned by using separate browsers (ie, FF for work, Safari/Chrome for personal) or separate computers/devices (I only really use Facebook on my mobile). If multiple instances of a particular browser is desired, something like http://fluidapp.com/ or Mozilla Prism could be used to segregate the profiles. In short, the author ignores existing products and is re-inventing the process. Agreed. Any time I can ditch the password, I do. Certs are a pain in the ass to setup, though. SSH without passwords is pure freedom. IIRC, isn't this the case with Google as well (with the triumvirate holding 1/3 each of the voting shares)... the public shares aren't voting shares at all. Look, you don't mention Chrome as your one and only browser, and yes, 1password for Chrome isn't as integrated as for Safari/FF, but you can still use the "CMD-\" to login quite well... what specific issues are you running into? I've simplified your 5-step process to: 1) Click logout on site 2) CMD-backslash 3) If I have only one account, no step 3, otherwise, choose the account for the site I want to use from a dropdown navigable by arrows 4) Browser back button (or keyboard equivalent) to go back one page. Honestly, I agree that the whole issue of managing several accounts on a given service is quite weak anywhere you go... the fact that website/services think you should be limited to one account goes well back before the web (credit cards nubmers per servicer, home phone lines, physical addresses)... in all of these categories it's very easy to assume a given user will only have one account (and it's true for 95% of the populace). Given the virtual nature of the web, it's sad that web services fall into this trap as well (e.g. trying to run several power e-trade pro sessions for different accounts on the same box is an exercise in frustration). You still haven't commented on usage of SSBs like Mozilla Prism for separate site/account combos (apparently, Prism is the only SSB that separates the cookie cache). Hmm... so you can publicly share your mp3s and videos? Haven't we heard of this before (mp3.com)... I wonder how they'll deal with "infringement" cases from the media cartel? As a current dropbox user, I'm a bit concerned about this functionality (since by default public means public but unlisted, it can still be shared). Hope these guys did a bit of homework here. I really like the dessert "structures" - highly informative in a "Good Eats" kind of way. Either they don't get it, or their external message is all you're hearing. If they're not worried about Facebook, they're silly. If Facebook reinvents search (ie, search+trust-web = social search), Google just became Yahoo. Investors have a herd mentality. The whole premise of the article is flawed. Middle-class folks want jobs that can't easily be outsourced so they can build careers and lives from it. Not everyone is cut out to be an entrepreneur, and selling more SUVs and mining more coal isn't going to be enough for the 21st century. > When I can't get something right, I keep on trying. Maybe not always a good idea. I'd say it's a good idea, as long as it's core to what you're doing... if in the case of Dropbox, it was an ancillary feature, it's good to cut your losses. If it's part of your core business model - get it right. So the real reason it failed is because it was a purely technical solution and didn't have a canonical usability example? Or maybe that big sites like Facebook decided it would remove the monetization opportunities by creating their own universal login? Very nice tool. It's a good meme/idea generator as well. Suggestion: make a "random" mode (ie, random participle and location for each of the 5 suggestions) and default it. My take on the .com vs. not: do both (ie, shoely.com and shoe.ly)... not like it's a significant cost. The .com is essential because some browsers still auto-default that extension. No one is saying he isn't smart. Trust comes from two things fundamentally: capacity and compassion. If someone is smart but they've made a deal with folks who are trying to rob you, they are not trustworthy. Jon just proved that the only thing that matters to (admittedly bright) Cramer is Cramer. Viewers should have kicked his ass out by ignoring his show. What about I don't want to pay for 3G, and don't want it? Xoom is not an option... I already pay for a mobile data account (with tethering)... why pay for another account? Furthermore, iPad 3G requires no contract. No, there is no real iPad competitor yet. Disagree. It's the whole point of the page, so it isn't excessively redundant if you say it more than one way... I'd just put a single column that's a different color (ie, green) for the best day, maybe with an embedded checkmark or some other indicator for the color blind. Google "comparison chart" and see how multiple" rel="nofollow">http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://printgreener.com/... facets can inform a viewer in a simple way. Wow. This is nice and great timing for Valentine's day. The concept is very well done. Agree with RBr, trust is absolutely required. Why do you need friend list data for the FB login? Are you sure you don't have facebook blocker? I had to turn off that Safari extension in order for this site to work. One of the major challenges I see is that casual users won't be rewarded if there's no love coming back. How do you keep the edge-users (who may not any replies) engaged and feeling... adored? The "reverse search" use case is basically a categorical analyzer similar to how some fraud-detection mechanisms work at credit agencies. There's probably a killer app somewhere that could use this feature. The iPhone makes complete sense. The standard 2-year phone contract keeps the (non-fanatic) customers happier... their 2 year contract would only mean skipping one product release without paying the $200 premium. The iPad... might see faster than 1-year cycles because there is no contract, per-se (of course the competitors keep screwing that part up, so maybe not). HP should court Amazon to run a WebOS app-store. Roku revolution sounds better (they were the first fastest innovator in this space). I seriously wonder what Comcast is preparing to do to my 2xroku/appletv household. The merge with NBC doesn't portend well for cable internet rates. WebTV died years ago. I don't think many people really want a modern website on their TV. I wouldn't mind twitter/RSS updates in a side area or Growl box (like a chat box in a FPS), but the web doesn't fare well on the lower-resolution TV; similarly as with mobile devices, websites would have to be redesigned for TV usage. Until the US government spent 10 years pursuing action (back when corporations didn't completely control the govt). 10 years is a eon in internet time. Not to mention, when push comes to shove, a guy can urinate pretty much anywhere. I remember back in my college days when I'd go to the bar restroom and the stalls were being used, the urinal was in use, a guy was peeing in the trash can and another dude was using the sink... I'm pretty sure Microsoft doesn't trust your HTC's anyway because those companies make so much more with Android than WP7. Also, I'm guess Nokia is aiming for the US market only (for now) with WP7. Single market, single OS, hopefully a single model. It just might work. Sadly, were he rewarded with a continuing money stream, he would likely justify the innocent names as "collateral damage" as the money would have been a mark of success. Aaron Barr fancies himself a modern-day witch-hunter, and it's good he was hoisted on his own petard. I don't think 2-factor auth as proposed by Google is designed to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks: http://www.phonefactor.com/man-in-the-middle-attacks In order to prevent MITM, Google would need to have out-of-band verification (not just two tokens processed on the same band). The benefit of Google's method is that a password can't be cached for later use, which reduces the window in which an account can be compromised. He's right, of course, just like Ballmer in 1999 when he caused the stock market to drop 5% by saying something similar... It would have helped to see the mobile icon in context (ie, on an iPhone homepage or dock/shelf)... hard to see the faults with the brightness without seeing the "pudding". Find a way to infect her friend with this info/site. They'll be more likely to influence her than you. So this is not a database, per-se, but a document base? If I have to wrap every data element in a file, doesn't that add overhead? Honestly, what's the benefit to me of this over say, SVN+HTTPS with 10 minutes of config? You're thinking about it the wrong way... bartonfink's issue was that for this issue his input had a conflict of interest. You remove that by getting a separate person to lead the input... which you can reference later on. This is not so different from the standard sales approach of gaining the confidence of an SME on the client side who advises the decision maker. >Of course, over time I suspect console makers will move more and more towards digital distribution for all games, but that won't happen overnight or even any time soon. This is why Gamestop should be finding support (ie, EFF, ACLU, legislators) to safeguard First Sale doctrine for digital purchases: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine I don't know if they will be successful in their endeavors but if Apple follows through, there will be a backlash. Take Netflix, for example. Does it make sense to provide in-app subscriptions for 30% discounted distributor rate ($8 * 70% = $5.60) when that same account can be used for Roku, etc? No. What will happen is that all these service providers will make an Apple subscription (which has separate features) that won't work with other devices. Balkanization of content channels... this is not consumer friendly. So no more iPod Touch competitor? Perhaps it'll exist, but not be called the Zune HD (and run WP7 Apps). In fact, that would be quite cool (esp. if Nokia is in on this operation). Agree completely about the need for pseudonyms online... If I'm asked for a real name, I'll format a handle that sounds "real" (ie, first last). The Idiocracy hunting down quotes and pictures out of context are part of what necessitates the anonymity. Via which retail store? They need someone to actually sell the product, and Google has no experience with end-customer product sales. That's because doctors and lawyers impact individual lives directly, and often profoundly. Explain how any developer has done this recently. We're hardwired to respect individual stories, not tales of aggregate success (affecting millions of lives in a small positive way)... which is why it's only when those small effects are made tangible by specific personal stories does it sink in. This is why politicians talk about how the impacted the life of some small child or working mother, etc etc.. > Logo: Lisp's adorable 7-year-old niece who likes to play with her toy turtle. On casual conversation, she proves to be disturbingly worldly and well-informed. You resolve not to let your kids play around Lisp's house. Thinking about using Logo in any serious way makes you feel a bit dirty. That was hilarious and disturbing at the same time. You shouldn't wait... who knows when this recession is going to end. Hasn't caught on because it isn't simple. I hardly think dealing with registrars is an activity people relish. Startup Idea? $10B valuation? This is unreal. On what is this valuation based other than "comps"? How did valuation against comparables work to match reality for the real estate bubble? Perhaps this time, it's warranted. Apple's new policy raising the price of all media on all networks? It's possible because Apple is the biggest (by far) tech company in the world. Though if they're looking at Apple, maybe they should look at Amazon also - the do similar things with their suppliers. Ok, lets get serious here. $10B valuation / $250M revenue/year = 40x multiplier. Do people really think that Zynga is going to continue to deliver for years and years to come? So Zynga have $1B revenue/yr by your metric? I somehow doubt they're that high... so hence the more unrealistic multiple based on other unreal valuations (ie, comps). It even pulls up Flash in Safari5 (w/ clicktoflash plugin). Awesome. Static site=low/no vulnerabilities This platform-markup (30%) will affect other players because in order to show any of your content on iOS, you must not just mark up your price, but Apple demands price matching with other markets... that's the uncompetetive part, as that will just raise prices for everyone, unless all those subscription services and content providers ditch iOS en-masse (unlikely). If Apple were to relinquish their price-match requirement (unlikely) or allow apps that had no external store references (more likely), they would not cause such an upheaval in pricing. > Can one have buyers regret from something that is free? Sure, if you feel you were misled, and now you have to spend time to ditch the account before they bill you. Remember what Tyler Durden says: "the things you own ... end up owning you". Google should tune into WIIFM: http://larryborsato.com/blog/2010/01/wiifm/ ...what exactly is the end customer going to do with this? If the end customer is developers, then yes, it's interesting and google should promote it heavily at something like GoogleIO or other dev venue. If it's for customers, it's going to need a killer app. (edited to remove anchor tag) Good point. Those are notable armaments. Microsoft is becoming less and less of a gatekeeper with the rise of Firefox, Chrome, and Safari. In 2-3 years when the next "version" of HTML gains the public eye, they will not have a stranglehold on the web. I'd be more worried about Apple or Google than MS (as silly as it may sound now). I've found that trick to be inconsistent, as some sites I register with do not accept the + character. Just wanted to say some of the best folks in my college CS group were military folks who were a bit older (2-4 years) who knew the value of the education. That said, it is a huge stigma to not finish your degree... you better have a job or strong vision. For every Steve Jobs there are probably hundreds who would have done better by completing their studies. Looking at the reviews for the signature app (Chili Chef), I'm not entirely impressed, unless you're creating the app version of a brochure: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-chili-chef/id403523952?mt... Specifically, no way to print, and requires internet each time you view the content. If you want the best of both worlds, go to a nearby filtered water store and refill your 3 or 5 gallon jug(s) with municipal water that's been through a 10-stage filter (or distilled, but I prefer filtered). Where I live (SFbay) it costs about 5 dollars (and a schlep down to the refill location) per month (~20 gallons) for a family of 3... and no wasted plastic or barrels of oil transporting the goods. Best part is it tastes better than bottled or tap water, significantly. Not to mention, JavaScript unlike many other server-side languages, supports closures. It's quite an advanced language, once you get used to it's (many) peccadilloes. My take exactly... I'm up for renewal this month, but if I've waited 3+ years, I can wait a few more months for iPhone5. If Apple were going the staggered release concept, they would have been wise to let the public know (so they don't wait a few months for a phone that doesn't appear, then decide to get an Android instead). Well, when on VZ a few years back with my Treo I made it a policy not to buy any service bump or add-on as I felt VZ screwed anyone foolish enough to try... perhaps the VZ feature-phone switchers are still thinking likewise? Yes, supposedly AT&T really sucks. It's been the running joke for years that the iPhone (aka jesus phone) does everything except make calls. Example: http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-january-11-2011/verizo... So this means there is a business opportunity for another social networking site that can both offer pseudonyms as well as deal with the problems you mention (which btw, are not exactly solved by Facebook's policy, though they are discouraged). I agree Facebook is unlikely to ever rescind their "real name" policy. Watching my TV shows while on the pot or in the shower has reduced my wasted time... productivity! (like listening to NPR/PBS in the car) Given that O'Reilly books are of technical nature, and you can't actually code on an iPad (unless you're using SSH/VPN), this is a perfect fit for the O'Reilly... you'll need a computer anyway. Furthermore, I'm never on vacation and think, Oh, I'd love t read up on RoR... I usually already have the book. Both are valid approaches. One requires vision, the other requires connections. Realizing either of them requires lots of hard work. I think the "wasted time" the author refers to is, in fact, time needed to get ready. Some folks won't need as much of it (or any at all), others will need more. In the end, finding that "fear of not starting" is incredibly important, but I posit that could only be found by the author after his "walk in the wilderness". Not clear if this is a domain specific language that would generate SQL, but when I was working for the big enterprise players they always had a way to abstract SQL running against several DB engines... (one of 'em called it meta-sql). There was a significant effort to push this, and it was only successful because it was embedded into the dev environment of the enterprise software. Great idea, but the many different versions of SQL syntax will be a pain to properly implement. I'd suggest staying with a single DB engine, then branching to others. I've been told by a friend who happens to work for MS that they've had this stuff working for years, but it's just been more lucrative for them to not include it (another clue that they have an entrenched monopoly in Office software). Just like Google ChromeFrame and IE9, I hope this pushes the Office folks to release something better so the Google "barnacles" don't destroy their platform. Something lighter than 238kb. I remember when jquery first came out, and ExtJS was around that size (actually a bit larger) and one of the big popularity factors of jQuery was a much smaller library size. Also some places like Apple have their own internal js frameworks and want folks who know and can code bare-metal js. re-targeting probably works better in the scenario where you have an impending date for purchase (Valentine's Day gift/card)... so knowing holidays and the SO's bday, wedding date, etc, would be extremely powerful for re-targeting. Interactive Advertising? The problem is, people generally don't want ads, so you're looking at a largely negative feedback base. How do you sort the signal from the noise? > The older government officials are notorious for taking private sector positions in the very industries they previously regulated. This happens so frequently there is actually a Japanese phrase to describe it (again I can't remember for the life of me what this phrase is). In America this happens, but isn't nearly as blatant or widespread. It Japan it is a near guarantee. This totally happens here, and there is a term for it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolving_door_(politics) (Revolving Door) Almost everything you said about older people in Japan can be said about the USA as well. Sure, in that if GNU tools didn't exist, some software would not exist, and others would be prohibitively expensive. GNU has impacted users lives. Does that apply to all SSDs? From what I gather TRIM is just a spec for formalized OS-level garbage collection hooks. Some disks (like Apple-installed Samsungs) do GC at the disk-level. My Sandforce (Vertex 2) has disk-level GC (as well as TRIM), and sometimes will block for a long period on writes now on OSX... I haven't tried it on a different OS yet. TRIM is an instruction set for OS-level disk garbage collection. Sandforce and Samsung SSD chipsets have native GC built-in. All that TRIM would do is improve write performance (so it doesn't block at random for GC) and allow for non-OEM SSDs. Except maybe the whole retina display support? http://www.macrumors.com/2011/02/24/mac-os-x-lion-building-i... Alternatively maybe Apple's ability to hide new features is getting bettr? Considering that's a large salary in many first-world western-european countries, it's probably only a follow-on consideration (ie, GP-comment's hypothetical striking it rich in Singapore). Furthermore, at that point, you will most likely be able to shelter your income anyway by putting it into a corporation, and you shouldn't be worried about striking it rich abroad. There is still no reasonable competitor to SQL. It's an entrenched standard, that NoSQL doesn't completely replace. Luckily, it's an open standard (like email) and adding in support for an open, strongly-desired, useful stamdard as a feature should be applauded. Lack of pseudonyms is going to be a real stumbling block for this. When I'm conversing with a real person (ie, on Facebook, Twitter or IM) then I'm ok using my real name because there are privacy controls. When I'm discussing things on HN or TechCrunch, I don't want my opinions being misconstrued out of context... given this society's litigious nature, I think FB comments are not going to take over Disqus/IntenseDebate's market, though they might carve out a nice niche. If FB comments catch on, Facebook better expect a wave of non-real personas. It's not hard to make/maintain a fake persona. Most of my personal details on FB are not only hidden, but false. Perhaps this is the strategy to boost their numbers? (Ill advised, I think, but whatever) On a newer computer (ie MBP 2010), Chrome and Firefox are pretty evenly matched in terms of usable speed in my experience. However, on older machines (ie, my parent's 7 yo laptop), Chrome makes an otherwise unusable machine into a halfway decent browsing experience. I'm not sure how this impacts future marketshare, but it probably explains why me and my wife both equally use Safari/FF, but my parents use Chrome (and only on the older machines). There's also facebookblocker and Defacer for Safari: http://extensions.apple.com/#social-networking > When you think about it from the perspective of big sites like TechCrunch, requiring that people use their true Facebook identity would virtually eliminate nasty comments overnight. Quite possibly by decimating the comment boards. The chilling effect of potentially having your FB history being subpoenaed is quite strong. Does this go along with AOL's new business model? This is actually pretty useful to a small but loyal group: runners. I know folks who run marathons and such, they are fanatical about the right fit and buy 3+ pairs when they find a good fit, because of rapid shoe model obsolescence/changes. Perhaps with this small but profitable niche they can expand their technology into the mainstream for the likes of you and me. I'm definitely going to suggest this site to my runner-friends and see what they think. I imagine the problem is that shoes are real things with 3 dimensions, and feet change shape when they're compressed... neither of which are addressed by a printout (sure a printout is better than nothing, but if it's not predictive enough it's not worth the trouble). If a device could model what kind of shoe you should wear based on an interactive iPad foot print, that would be amazing tech. Wonder if they'll keep the 4+ finger multitouch gestures. I've kind of gotten used to them on my 4.3 beta. Latest rumor was 512MB: http://ipadgeartalk.com/ipad/ipad-2-have-fastest-processor-a... Tech Specs don't show SOC memory. Guess we'll have to wait till March 11th or later for iFixit to do a teardown. I'm making a guess that FSF (and EFF) would probably have preferred the most influential person to win, namely Julian Assange. It's clear to me you don't understand the market then. Being the thinnest is a clear differentiator. Having aesthetic style means a LOT to a lot of people (ie, customers). Furthermore, Apple did increase the processor size, memory, and probably battery (considering it has same 10hr life) and also decreased the total volume of the enclosure. Finally, if you've ever used an iPad at length you'd realize it doesn't need cooling 99.9% of the time. It just doesn't get warm... this is a huge differentiator from the netbooks it's often compared to. Now I'm interested in what you're developing. I'm getting $300 for same. > I think they know that a lot of people will buy something based on specs alone. Really? I don't know anyone besides geeks and neo-philiacs (ie, folks like me) that behave that way. Most folks (ie, the mass-market) treat tech like they'd treat appliances or cars or other stuff they don't fully understand. They ask folks who do know, visit review sites, and play with what's on the showroom floors. When there is a large contingent of these that infer that the iPad is the best, the mass market buys it (as sales numbers show). This would seemingly be akin to Apple releasing iMovie for Windows/Linux... unless they happen to sell content/services with it or use it as a base for their devices (ie, iTunes), I don't see how this move will do anything but dilute their platform. > Having to plug crap in and out is not a very good experience though. I was thinking the same way you were until a year ago when I spoke to a colleague who has a Droid that got an OTA upgrade to Froyo (2.2)... what a clusterf*ck... he lost battery during the event, it torched his device, and he couldn't even re-flash the firmware, he had to take it into the Verizon store, where they simply replaced it. All the settings and hacks he put it? Wiped. (Backup is optional in Android... my colleague hadn't done it). This made me understand why Apple is so old-school when it comes to iPod/iPad sync and upgrades. It's not just the wireless bandwidth, it's about avoiding disastrous edge-cases that ruin customer experience. A wired sync or upgrade can guarantee backups, power availability and reasonable bandwidth. I just find this CSS to be not evil enough, but don't have the time to make it more malicious. Something more along the lines of upside-down-ternet would be better... make it available but laughably unusable for your target sites/audience. I doubt you'll get the same type of community as here. Researchers and startup-minded technologists are two different types of geeks. What I've found in my discussions with researchers is the ability for the discussion to get very deep, but a sense of politics pervades the conversation. Will it be focused around something like YC? How would you envision some of the "Show HN" type posts? Every time family comes over, we play multipong, wurdle (yes, works great for groups) and battleheart (again, 1p but works well with multiple fingers). This is a very interesting untapped market, but how to make a breakout hit in this market is still not clear to me. I used to work for a boss who had Lyme disease (I didn't know until he told me). He was amazed at how much traffic he got to his free page that he had just setup to discuss and cope with the condition. Misinformation is a problem but the rarity of the disease would likely increase the people-bond and make a tight-knit group. The size would, in effect, prevent spam/scam/disinformation issue in other larger groups as it would be too difficult to be worth the effort (unless your name is Tyler Durden, I suppose). Hear, hear. Since forever, I've used my ~ folder as pretty much my whole document base, and use search tools to sift through the contents. I add simply ontology when specific tools require their own unpolluted namespace (ie, pine/mail) or need to be installed for multiple users (local box binaries). iOS devices (as an example) just take this to the next level. In fact, I don't even use the main screen for launching many apps, I just type in the search screen to get it. If I could speak it in a seamless way, I'd do that instead. Which is why the OS (Win7, iOS, OSX at least) reminds you to back up the system and makes it easy to do so (ie, attach drive with sufficient space, go). iOS requires iTunes on a PC/Mac to back up, but this is likely a business decision to make more $$, and could easily be replaced by a clouded or local backup appliance. In this mechanism you have to willingly ignore the backup requests... it's like the seatbelt beep in modern cars - at that point, it's 99% PEBKAC if no backup exists. I've never even heard of Pocket Legends before, much less the developer. Even a partial transcript would be better to elucidate folks with the video content/tone. I am in the same boat as tobtoh. I usually never watch videos but will read (or reject) a 15 page article quickly. As cool as naming your site after a class of software bug, I think Stack Exchange is more descriptive of the whole initiative, and it rolls off the tongue more easily. Good move, and keep up the good content (now that Google has woken back up and is indexing them properly!) Seems like this correlates well with the red/blue spectrum of voting preferences. I'd be nice to see those two data sets visualized together. A friend wanted to buy and setup a smartphone (ie, iPhone4) as a failover internet for their house using tethering. I recommended the iPad2 3G since you can create a hotspot (myWi) and not pay the monthly until/unless you need the service. If your house has signal, it can be a nice backup. Demonstrate, don't declare. I also went hunting for a "try it" button or some clear way to see the flow quickly and clearly. Also the UI and page are very dark... I understand that black is sexy, but it's a bit too stark IMHO... lighten it up. It's in Twitter's every right to do exactly what was done here. However, it does make a twitter @name a whole lot less certain though. It would be in Twitter's best interest to have a policy for disputes so there is no uncertainty. Given the pressure to the WinTel dominance by ARM, Apple, Google and the web in general, it's clear that it's fish-or-cut-bait time at Microsoft. Zune is being cut as it was never profitable and executed poorly. I imagine MS is looking at a whole lot of other departments that aren't pulling their weight. This is yet another sign of the end of the PC(1) era. 1: PC's aren't going away, but it is no longer king. > For example: you're limiting this service to romantic thoughtfulness, completely ignoring being thoughtful to people with whom your intended users might have a non-romantic relationship. I disagree completely. Being too scattershot is much worse than limiting your market. Clear focused shipping tool is much better than a disorganized mess. Besides, there's time to expand/pivot as well if the inital idea is a success. Can someone explain to me how netflix is in a good position when all major broadband providers are looking at throttling and/or caps? When all the major ISPs are also selling their own video content, how can Netflix continue to compete? Go Credit Unions. My credit union refunds ATM fees charged by other banks, and through their CU network, all CU ATMs are free, and I can even walk into networked CU and do some operations as if I were at the local branch. Don't support the criminal banksters who aren't beholden to their depositors. This OO complexity becomes more pronounced once you start talking about serious persistence, which today, likely means SQL. Has the object/relational problem been solved? Last I checked, it's still a confusing and complicated inelegant hack-job to reconcile inheritance/polymorphism vs. relational storage schemes. TL;DR - Work for your customers, avoid the boss/investor. Which is the whole point of the meme... destroy nuclear's credibility with FUD comparisons. Both anti-nuke environmentalist groups and fossil fuel mega-corps can get cozy with this campaign. At least you know you'll have 2 supported iOS major updates for each iOS device you buy (ie, I completely see iOS5 doing away with 3GS/iPod Touch '09 support) which install relatively seamlessly. It was more than just security-by-obscurity; these guys refused to use an existing package that would solve their issues... the "mujahaddin secrets" package (ostensibly jihadist in origin) that did implement AES cyphers. Guess what, if you're so purist you can't trust experts in your own field because they use "contaminated knowledge", then you better be a true genius, or you're not going to be very effective. The article ignores an even bigger problem with bad server password encryption (ie, not salted) - rainbow tables. No expensive compute time required; cracker can easily decrypt most passwords without even blinking an eye (the tradeoff is storage space vs. compute time). http://ophcrack.sourceforge.net/tables.php HBGary was cracked using rainbow tables... which then led to the rootkit.com social engineering crack. 1Password and it's like can move us closer to eventually just doing PKI since once the passwords become unrecognizable they are quite effective. btw, I love and promote 1Password and KeepassX (1pwd has better usability and security since it's autofill will stop phished logins by matching the domain exactly not visually... KeepassX's autofill is experimental right now). Some disadvantages to vouchers: With additional choice, now schools will be forced to spend your tax dollars to market themselves... this is an additional overhead to the already underfunded system. Plus what happens when a local school "goes under"? If some folks are forced to drive their kids for 30-40m to another school because no local schools can be funded, is that in their best interests? My wife won't eat carrots because they make her allergic (cooked ones are fine)... she only gets these reactions since moving here to the US from France. Since this is a duopoly from the same region (Central CA), perhaps the dropoff in the past few years is due to the carrot quality? Her article/resume is her "show" not "tell". The medium is the message... that's UX. If I were a municipality/county, I'd keep a not-so-skunkworks broadband project on the back burner at all times and start pumping out the PR when it comes to negotiating with Comcast. I wonder how many places would already have municipal broadband if Comcast didn't make a sweet deal? Conversely, how many areas don't have municipal broadband because they feel like Comcast would have them over a barrel for cable TV? Well, not exactly sure, but for apples (also triggers her allergies) organic doesn't help. All of these she had no reactions when she lived in France. Guess we should try the organic carrots some time. Sounds like a test/security nightmare, too. What happens when a BB game plays fine until the (very popular) Android tool in the background messes it all up? If Honeycomb doesn't cut it, my bet would be on HPalm. RIM's decision to jump on the Android train reeks of desperation, they just want to have app count, not quality experience or functionality. At least "ginger" had a well-defined and well-understood purpose and leveraged some of Kamen's groundbreaking gyro/wheel knowhow. Perhaps willingness to own up to your failures is actually good PR? Modern mainstream news-media is info-terrorism. Repeatedly showing videos of the 9/11 attack or the tsunami as it wipes out homes over and over again every hour is not enlightening nor does it spew anything but fear. Considering John Resig is the creator of jQuery, which is open source, yes, he's probably more interested in someone who's familiar with the OSS development model, tools and methodology and can prove it. His criteria don't (and shouldn't) apply to every SW hire, even though it's clear his message is "demonstrate > declare". chatroulette in text. How is this any more interesting than browsing all twitter feeds simultaneously? That's not the point. I shouldn't have to root the phone in order to get bugfixes. So it's all about taste. I trust Apple's taste, and Google's as well. I'll add Palm (HP) to this list. Verizon? AT&T? You'd have to force me. No backups? 300GB doesn't sound like much. I just processed and shuttled 2.3TB today (sneakernet backup). Is this another reason to laud Apple for not shipping Flash on their Macs (or iOS devices for that matter)? Having a fully scriptable, ubiquitous environment like Flash installed systemwide just increases your attack vectors. I'm not blaming Adobe here as much as recognizing that 0-day vulnerabilities will always exist. Microsoft office aside (if you need to use, it's going to be installed), perhaps there will now be pressure to remove and ban Flash from work environments. Would it be illegal for Apple to ban the practice of cross-selling? (ie, take down apps and devs where it's clear that this is happening) I think this would solve most of the problems. It's clear this is a burgeoning market, and it's smacks of blackhat-SEO tactics (artificial rank improvement by deceit). graphics can be watermarked or provided low-res for review. And portability. And being reliable/known. Which is why militaries require large amounts of fossil fuels for now. I remember when I was in the Army that our 5-ton dump trucks had lots of onboard stuff running off pressurized air, presumably making the vehicle more durable to electrical failures Combine with local stored fossil fuels, and basic mobility/counter-mobility, and you have a harder-to-cripple ground force. All this article says to me is that the efficiency claims are not realistic (what's new in marketing?) and that Wind can't be use for baseload power due to it's variability. The second point is not new knowledge, so any article trumpeting these claims in red and bold is sensationalist and suspect. Idealism aside, do you have real-life examples of such "emergent standards" that are pertinent to this discussion? SSN (and possibly home address) are not just primary keys, but super-keys in that they are primary keys across systems and datasets (in general). They may not be immutable as a primary key suggests, but are very hard/costly to change, so the difference is moot. Another reason to not give out your superkeys to anyone who doesn't need it. Finally, though in general I'm in favor of privacy, with the complete lack of corporate accountability, I support the intention behind Anonymous's actions. What if? I'm sure this is already being done, and probably sponsored by governments/corporations. Just because we get visibility into this sort of attack doesn't make it any easier or legal to do. Agreed, I'd refine it further: "simply a whole lot more people today with easy access to knowledge ". More people + more knowledge + easier access means specialization is not only encouraged, in many cases it's possible to make a living being specialized where it wasn't before. Your accountant sounds great. Now how would I have known about him? SaneTax aims to be this marketplace between tax preparers and accountants. It's a good model. Now, the question that I have is, how are the accountants verified and how do I know I (as a preparer) am dealing with someone I can trust? You might want to pitch some distilled form of this summary on your page. It's also the first question that popped into my head when I looked at your site (which otherwise, is pretty good). I can see why tax professionals could be threatened/worried by this. Effectively someone like myself living in a state with a high Cost of living can outsource to someone in say, IL (who may have CA tax knowledge but now lives elswhere) who would charge much less than the CA-based local accountant. It's also a killer business plan for the marketplace vendor (ie, SaneTax). Who would have known that Amazon could have become such a giant by selling books online ? I'd recommend looking at how ServiceMagic does it. They choose and list 3 professionals (which are chosen by area, which adds an artificial funnel to a natural one). If I want more, I can request more, but often 3 is just right to compare prices/rates and professional knowledge/fit. I would strongly recommend this approach if you aren't already doing it (have yet to sign up). Nice try, but it doesn't get to my point. How are these "emergent standards"? Are you arguing that the trademarks are standards? They are completely owned by the company and follow no rule other than arbitrary decisions by one entity (Nintendo could sell Mario toilet paper tomorrow and it would be a Mario(r) product). Yet like Google, Baidu has been unable to execute a successful social network or microblog to-date. Hello Facebook, welcome to China. Considering this from the article: "Facebook is really on the eve of entering China, the contract has been signed, with some Chinese partner who will build the new site according to some model, but which will not completely connect to Facebook.com." I'd say, it's still not clear that Baidu/Facebook will be able to execute a workable social network (above board means monitored by government). Wow, I didn't know the alternate meaning of On a side note, I'm not (just) a customer of stackoverflow, I'm a contributor/participant. Do "standard customer relationship" rules still apply? A lot of this higher education bubble has to do with unnecessary costs of higher education, like, say textbooks: http://hubpages.com/hub/College-Text-Books-Rent-or-Buy What will disrupt higher education in entirety is a properly done asynchronous class-schedule structure that allows students to take the time they need to finish the course. Coupled with some or full location independence and mandatory collaboration, it could be drastically more economical. And I doubt this will change, as Rogue Amoeba adopting Apple's private key would be a huge DMCA violation. In fact, I don't see how this private key getting "outed" is going to hurt Apple at all in any countries where things like DMCA exist. So each point is worth between $.007 and $.01 (based on the gift card conversions). Assuming you make 50 searches per day, you'll make at most $.50 - is it really worth it for a half dollar a day? I know someone who did this same type of thing in Panama, except even the corporation can't be majority controlled by foreigners. So the Board of Directors of the proxy corporation is a bunch of locals who are paid to essentially quit at the behest of the foreign owner. This niche is currently filled by bitnami and others that provide a native binary, VMware or AMI file. When I want to roll out a quick new trac/redmine/etc, this is one way I can get it demo-ready without a lot of hassle. However this requires someone to have "done the work" building the respective deployment patterns. Also sometimes the deployment isn't quite what I want (so I need to install Passenger for example). If I could do a single click, and start injecting data/config, that'd be more than awesome. Good for MS. I suppose Firefox, Safari (and especially) Chrome have convinced the sleeping giant to awaken. Windows on ARM was definitely faster than I had previously guessed. Windows vs. ChromeOS vs. WebOS vs. iOS on ARM for the future of tablet/internet appliances? Exciting times ahead. Keep in mind that there are many tax tricks you can play here too, like paying yourself dividends and writing off a lot of expenses (speak to an accountant before doing so). Also the overhead of running a corporation (including lawyer, accountant, payroll, and general insurance) is not much if you're making over $100/hr. It is certainly less than 26.7% (ie, $75 of every $175 minus 15.3%) worth. Most of these costs are fixed, not variable. Yes, the Verblen effect: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good (in this case the CEO is the Verblen good, the company is the customer). It looks like all of the PornArk videos are from one other site? Are you hotlinking? It's not clear the interface is that much better (aside from the lower ad-count). Which is why, couching phrases in neutral terminology is always best: unproductive) Microsoft on the server sucks! productive) Microsoft software is expensive and nobody here is an MS-expert, migrating will cost considerable time and money without any real benefit. HN (and trac) handle the situation best: they don't invalidate the page data, so your post will still be there. You CTRL/CMD A+C then get back to your posting with a refreshed cookie/session. Many other forums basically wipe out your post, which is highly frustrating. Isn't this more of a "revert changes"? The most sad thing there is that "Start Over" is, by Fitt's Law, a "larger" button in the sense that it's occupying an edge. It's like a poorly designed roadway section that just happens to cause more accidents. Bad Engineering. There's a reason why bioshock is fantasy and not reality: This kind of research is hard, dangerous, and morally controversial... this takes a long time, and funding by a large organization. Meanwhile, you can have an immediate impact yourself by changing your habits. Which one is more accessible to the average person? I wonder if the licensing is open or hampered by fees like Firewire was. 10Gb bi-directional with 2 channels is nothing to sneeze at, and if this is even as common as firewire, it will be a godsend to many folks. Synching a fresh 160GB ipod using USB2 is extremely slow. link-bait. Seriously, slashdot was reporting about the OSX mindshare takeover of hackers back in 2001 and the TiBook. Ever since then, it's been a pretty engrained stereotype, and Apple's offerings have only gotten better. This is the same Gartner that concluded that WP7 would have better smartphone marketshare than iOS in 2015 (by dubious interpolation)? Their example of "America's Army" as gamification is a bit off; it's a virtualization and recruiting tool, and doesn't do much to say "earn your E4". I think the "gamification" operates best when soliciting commentary/feedback and community building. An example could be barackobama.com where you got points for making calls and referring your friends/family, i.e., things you would normally do on the site. This is one area where I've long admired Firefox... and it's benefitted them for mainstream market-share penetration. When they release something to even beta, it looks very interesting and exciting. Even Amazon allows a 30-minute cancellation on one-click orders. I've hardly used it, but it does exist, and it's kind of scammy for LivingSocial to not have this kind of feature, even if it's limited to 15 minutes or less. I'm assuming this due to modern fantasy borrowing the term from sci-fi (ie, "teleport" as a way to magically whisk someone/thing from one location to another instantaneously)... which popular culture has adopted wholesale. > is being chastised already for hiring people and investing in the company What else do you expect of front-running, HFT, bailout-soaking wall street? They no longer respect sustainable growth and want overnight riches. > Android devices commonly solve this by using an SD card that can be transferred to and from devices. My Nexus One has this hidden behind the battery, so practically speaking I'm not going to be without it. How is this any different than plugging in a USB cord to sync? What are you shuttling the SD card between anyway (a PC I assume)? Physical media is not a good answer to "cutting the cord". I didn't think much of the issue either, but you have a good point... if you're doing an OTA upgrade you're very likely without power. A coworker's android phone (Droid 1) died during an OTA upgrade due to lack of battery. This bricked the phone (he had to get a replacement)... combine with the fact that his phone wasn't backed up, and he was a very upset guy for a week or so as he redid all his settings and hacks. > It's device independent. You can wipe the device or switch to a new one without waiting for a full sync of your potentially large media library. I think you're confusing device agnostic with device independent. If you still require a device to sync the content with, it's not "independent". Don't forget OS upgrades. Pre-iPhone this was limited to the hackers of the world, now it takes a hacker to delay an OS upgrade. The marketing/software side of things is handled entirely by Apple. Quite a substantial shift. Forget Pippin, remember what happened to "Through the Looking Glass"? A game which was scheduled to be included on every Mac that got shelved because they didn't want the Mac to be seen as a gaming company: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?story=Alice.txt I bought one in the late 80s as an impulse buy for $5, was quite amazing for it's time. AppleTV hasn't replaced CableTV for me, but it sure has replaced on-demand-movies. Netflix streaming is great, but it usually doesn't have the best and latest movies. We've used the AppleTV rentals several times in the past few months where we might have instead watched Cable on-demand. The Wave2 looks very unlike an iPhone. I would never mistake the two. However, the Samsung i9000S (Galaxy S) looks very much like the iPhone (3GS) and on casual observation may be mistaken for one another. It takes a lot to get trade-dress lawsuits won, so I expect this will only put pressure on Samsung to do what Apple wants, and is not intended to actually win. (which, btw, shows how broken the legal system is, since cases are more used to bully smaller players than to win on merits) Anyone here notice that this suit basically comes right around the time that a credible iPod Touch competitor arrives? Maybe there's another "line in the sand" that Apple had set for the Google/Android that just got stepped over? If your Mac is powerful enough, why not just run a VM? With the great For the past 5 years, I have yet to have a web-app dev environment meaty enough to require more than a small VM (Oracle CRM can be nightmarishly huge) which ran fine on my macbook. With git/svn scripts, it's easy to build and unit-test on your local VM, then push to your stage/prod-test box. It's only confusing if you think this lawsuit is meant to be won on merits and not to primarily annoy a competitor into not competing. It's placing pressure on Samsung to "toe the line" and "deliver our components, not your own products". They should have done this months ago. A large portion the top-rated apps in Games category have completely perfunctory reviews that are content-free with 100% positive (because no who doesn't get paid installs/reviews the app). Compare and contrast with unique high-rated games like "Battleheart" or "Sword & Poker", where the reviews reveal a lot about the game mechanics. When the App Store ratings become meaningless, I'm forced to use outside channels to "filter" my searches, and that puts Apple's power into someone else's hands (not to mention annoy users). This is the most interesting reply I've seen so far. How would one grade this effectively though? > Seemed like there was some circular or backwards reasoning, like that Apple's potential future growth makes its past growth likely to continue, or that Apple's cash increases the stock's value even if you ignore its cash. Apple's cash position projects power. This is what fundie investors who subtract cash aren't factoring in. The ability to make strategic buying purchases which constrain supply for competitors is not easily calculated. Here is their latest (publicly known) deal with Samsung: http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20110213-704284.html Now think about the "ability to make such deals" with valuations 10x that... Can Dell, HTC or RIM do this? If not, then they are at a disadvantage, as Apple could massively out-bid them on volume with key suppliers. http://www.michigan.gov/ag/0,1607,7-164-17337_18160-51242--,... Relevant text: A government agency may charge a fee for the necessary copying of a public record for inspection or providing a copy of a public record to a requestor. A public body may also charge for search, examination and review and the separation of exempt information in those instances where failure to charge a fee would result in unreasonably high costs to the public body. The fee must be limited to actual duplication, mailing and labor costs. The first $20 of a fee must be waived for a person who is on welfare or presents facts showing inability to pay because of indigency. ( italics mine) Translation: The $500k "fee" is another denial/delay tactic > I wonder, would anyone take up the offer if it was given, to be in some sort of stasis that allowed you to awake for one year every hundred years? You mean like Brigadoon/Germelshausen? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germelshausen (in the original german tale, the time-travel is a curse) Even if I were into that idea, I guess I just don't have your faith in humanity or modern society even. My bet is that some x This of course, ignores the natural disasters, massive wars (we've had 2 in the past century), or other calamities that might completely destroy society/contracts as we know it... 100 years is a LONG time. My French father-in-law who racks up hundreds of kilo-airmiles a year refuses to fly Air France because of CDG (he prefers Lufthansa). > On the other hand, there is no chance that Samsung will shut down its phone division, whether or not Apple wins the lawsuit. Samsung may not shut down their phone operation but this suit could make them re-evaluate the cost-benefit of Android phones... others have mentioned that this is a proxy lawsuit against Google, I'd agree. Would that evidence be permissible in court? This is incorrect. Device encryption on 3GS and later devices are only for 1) Apps that implement Apple's device encryption API (ie, stashPro now has this) 2) If you have a strong password set and 3) Unless you have a device released with iOS4.x, you will need to wipe, then restore it with the flag turned on http://www.tipb.com/2011/03/18/daily-tip-enable-data-protect... From a statistical standpoint, it'd be interesting not to talk, as the article does, in terms of raw percentile, but based on region, normalized by the cost of living index. A couple making $250k in Medford, OR would probably be considered fairly well off, but in NY, NY that would not take you very far at all. What's news to me is that this is persisted forever on the device in an unencrypted format. There's a flaw in your analogy. In the first case, there is a more direct relationship to the monopsonist (ie, super-customer), but in the case of Facebook/Twitter, there is strength in numbers (your company relying on FB/Twitter is likely one of thousands). Relying on a platform is not new in business, and the standards and ethics are fairly understood... ask the eBay sellers in the 90s or folks who made parts for typewriters back in the 70s. I know this is all tongue-in-cheek, but seriously, isn't YC all about going outside your comfort zones? Pushing the edges? Who amongst us is born knowing they'd be successful at leading a startup? In that vein, I think Obama hit it out of the park... just, when he had his "liquidity event" he kinda stopped doing the things that made people vote for him. I'd say Apple news is interesting in that: a) it was a stereotypical tech startup, and Jobs is the consummate entrepreneur. Lots to learn from their history. b) they are the biggest tech company in the world c) they are still leading innovation in mobile, and that is an unavoidable market opportunity for tech/social startups and developers. This is more than just 2-factor auth, it's out-of-band auth, which means that a MITM can't compromise without having your 2nd factor. This is definitely awesome, but my remaining concern is, what happens if/when duosecurity.com is DOS'd or is otherwise down? I still maintain that Facebook is, by design, anti-social. Society is a balance between private and public activity (another HNer talked about warrens and commons). When that balance is ignored, then the result is antisocial whether it over-promotes privacy or publicity. Most people are not wanton socialites, but Facebook only caters those who are... the rest of us are just (taken) along for the ride. For a former comedian, Al Franken is sure leading the charge for consumers. We need more like him and less like Lieberman. I guess this makes sense if you're standardized on JSON (as opposed to say XML or HTML) responses. ^This. Shared iTunes, Netflix, and Amazon Prime (even with nearby extended family). The economics make the annoyances worth it.