I think if BART owns the repeaters or cell towers etc. then they have every right to turn them off whenever they want. With or without permission from the carriers or occupants. I found it confusing at first but I believe it's trying to say that you don't have to sign a contract to get the basic wifi iPad, unlike with the 7.7 galaxy tab which starts out at $499 with a 2 year contract. If you buy without the 2 year contract it would cost an enormous $699 which is less than the carrier iPad at $629. Be grateful many people don't have these opportunities. We all pay the same for tuition if weren't not from that state. I've suffered working in a restaurant for the past 6 years and low rate college pay jobs. At least we can still afford tuition when a lot of people can't or don't even have the option to go to school. I have always wondered if crimes are getting more violent or if the amount of coverage we give the violent ones has increased. The closest I will get to the news is the Daily Show, because at least they poke fun at the American media for how ridiculous they can be. The pinch and zoom feels much smoother on Safari, it's especially helpful on my laptop when viewing from a distance. Tha being said I'm really tired of being in the "walled garden" I have a Windows desktop and Andriod Tablet that would love to share iCloud tabs and bookmarks. Chrome can do all of that. Glad to see at least one of my senators attended those meetings and doesn't remember being briefed about phone metadata collection (Johnny Isakson R-Ga). But then again the Director of National Intel James Clapper said that he understands that "collect data" would mean they take a book off the shelf and read it. Not that they have a giant bookshelf of data that is possibly yours and mine. Just another politician type doing some CYA. We will see more to come. [1] http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/intel-dir-james-clapper-lie-c... They have an option to log in to the command via a web interface in case you block yourself. Just got graduated and got a job in the software industry. Learned a lot from reading hacker news articles. Thanks HN When I first read this I starting thinking this is a good start but I think these companies are just trying to save face. Now that these programs have been exposed in more light both sides, the government and the companies who participate, are just trying to minimize the impact without telling the full truth about other programs. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/07/nsa-admits-i... The website is unreadable on a mobile device. I can't zoom out. They are only paranoid because they know they have introduced backdoors into products their countries produce. Do you really think the US/UK/AUS has not introduced something into a Cisco product or some other hardware manufacturer in their respective country. Just look at what has come to light with the PRISM program. They already have access to the major software companies what makes people think they havent done some secret FISA order to Dell/Cisco/HP/Apple etc. edit: typo Recent Kennesaw State grad here. Some classmates and I had a few ideas for start ups but didn't have a place to further our knowledge and learn how to get started. This would be great for the Atlanta area I know of other start ups in the area but they usually aren't from college students or recent grads. It would be great to have a place to share ideas with younger people and hack ideas. From the article: “Everyone’s thinking this, but no one’s saying it public, so everyone thinks they’re alone,” he said. “Ninety-eight percent of society has issues with this…But no one speaks up.” While I think some people don't how to speak up, beside calling/writing my congress person, many don't care either way. In fact, many older people I have talked to (I am in my twenties) dont have a problem with what the NSA is doing. They dont really mind if their data is being sifted through as long as its being used to "Find Terrorists or what have you." My problem is the lack of oversight and the fact court that has approved 1,789 out of 1,748 requests (97.7%!!!!). Not only that but they have legal justifications for what they are doing, therefore since its legal its allowed, forget the morals/ethics involved. Who's to say they won't turn this around on the public at large because it will prevent smaller crimes instead of terrorists. Also whats to stop the government from calling people who oppose their views terrorists and then just spy directly at American people. Does anyone else find it odd that he immediately went to the US's biggest rivals. I mean right away he ran to Hong Kong (China) and now he has accepted asylum in Russia. I mean these countries have huge interest in this guy. He knows intimate details about how the USA gathers intelligence. I mean I wonder what kind of info he has given (if any) to these countries. I am sure Putin would love to get a hold of those laptops he took with him. Yes but Latin American countries wouldn't have as much interest in his Intel as the other Russia and China. If he was just seeking asylum Ecuador would have been a much better choice for him. They have already given Assange asylum so I would think that would have been a better first option than HK. Yes but the point is he brought his treasure trove of intel with him. In a sense "Americope" is already a reality. They have already used their power to divert the Bolivian presidents plane and restrict the airspace that Snowden might have used to get out of Europe. When these Snowden leaks first came out I was hoping that Europe would stand up to the US but the fact is that many of the Intel agencies in Europe are either in on the various programs or benefit from them via funding or some sort of data sharing. I never realized that the small beads in hygiene products was actually plastic. How many times have I ingested these over the years and if they are killing fish, what are they doing to my body? I wonder how much pollution these are causing in smaller lakes and rivers? I agree, if industry leaders jumped on the band wagon like they did for SOPA we may have a chance. Some of the big tech companies are already willing to fight back we just need to gain momentum for the cause. Some legislators are with us but I doubt the senate will be on our side. I think that the damage is already too great. They are probably already in all the hubs, exchanges and its not like they will give them back. It's no surprise that they are collecting all the cell data too, whether it be metadata or content. Who knows what kinda stuff they have in the actual hardware beside the repeaters they have on the fiber cables. My question is how do we enact a change. The genaral public (non-tech people) may not fully understand the implications of what they are doing and how much of our data thy are taking. If the large companies are just going to bend over how do we do something? I've meet them too as long as out keeps the terrorists out they're fine with it. Open source software would help especially open source networking software. Just say NSA this or Snowden that. Bootstrap is great but I usually end up having to override a lot and it ends up becoming a pain sometime. Also if the responsive theme isn't set up right it can end up looking like a disaster. Now that we are seeing more and more publicity surrounding this issue and companies are at least attempting to be transparent, how can we spark a fundamental change in the way the Govt sees this issue. The public need to hold these people accountable in some fashion, criminally is probably out of the question. Whether it be by some investigation committee by congress, supreme court intervention, or simply voting the current incumbents out. We need to stop the Govt from just abiding by the letter of the laws and not by going with the Spirit of the law. The Government shouldnt be finding loop holes in their laws or playing games about the meaning of words when the are questioned by officials. What about the view counter on my Geocity site? I would look at it everyday to see if someone happened to stumble on my site. I've heard of these building that store nothing but paper books that you can borrow for a certain period of time and return at a later point. It should read The NSA "HAS" Commandeered the Internet. As more and more information is gets thrown into the light, I find it disturbing that the NSA's capability has grown under the Obama Administration. I would think they would have less powers compared to Bush Admin post 9/11. Wait till they attach listening instruments onto drones and send them to scan the sky's across America under a directive from the FISA court. And this is why GPS and cell phone jammers are illegal... Glad to see that Space is going to be a commercial business instead of private governments doing everything. This gives me hope that Space will be a place that consumers can enjoy. That said I think that Elon Musk is doing a lot to make things like Space and Electric cars more accessible to the average person. Even though the costs of Tesla cars are high now for the average Joe to afford, they will hopefully be down in the near future. I hope that the same will happen with Space-X. You are right. The Nissan Leaf still has that Hybrid/Electric car look and feel to it. The Tesla looks like a normal luxury car that I would like to own. I dislike how many Hybrid/Electric cars look different than the normal 4 door sedan. So if the most common way these hacker "groups" actually "hack" websites are through phishing attacks. How do protect against phishing attacks in a way that will stop them. Obviously educating Martha the secretary to not click links in emails from people she doesn't know isnt working. How can we make phishing attacks less successful or remove these attack style altogether. 9 times out of 10 when I hear about some major hack its because of phishing. I only picked the first name that came to mind that sounded older. I didnt choose a womens name on purpose. Albert in accounting, etc... would have done just fine. I know plenty of people in this same situation, degree in psychology, social work, communications and my favorite opera, with a mound of debt accruing. All while they struggle to pay off their debt while working at the same college job they had, working at a restaurant waiting tables or being a barista at Starbucks. Some of these people are in way over their head and beyond just the government loans. A few of them went to smaller private colleges and accrued well over 150K. Luckily I was in a technical degree (Information Systems but I didnt graduate from the business school ;-), Math and Science school along with the CS majors) and was able to get a few job offers before settling on what I considered the best one. The only problems is that when they first implemented this feature I was missing a lot of important emails from my bank and Amazon. I dont like having to browse to a new tab too see emails that are coming into the same inbox. I want to decide what emails go into the tabs not an algorithm. While I am glad they included (paywall), any news article or blog entry that uses sources behind a paywall should rethink using those sources. When I read an article I like to look at the sources they use to determine if the information seems valid to me. Lets condemn places like China, Russia, and Syria for they way they limit or monitor electronic communications but when the US and "Friends" do it its for mumble mumble TERRORISTS mumble mumble.... If the laws don't allow us to monitor our citizens lets just change the laws or interpret the words differently. >Nothing that's been reported about the US comes even close to that sort of usage. Nothing that's been reported. Or Hasn't happened yet.... No offense Google, but Google+ is not good. I dont want another social site or to be forced into yours. It should go the way of Google Reader even though Reader was a much better service. At first it sounded like Craigslist was bullying someone but reading more into the article it seems that they had a valid reason to take them to court. They asked them to top multiple times, even resorting to blocking their IP block, and they still crafted deceiving ways to work around it. Although I feel Craigslist had a reasonable complaint, I do not like the precedence that this could set for further cases. This could set the stage for all kinds frivolous lawsuits. About time. I hope that he picks someone that can take MSFT from the boring and problematic company that we have no choice but to deal with, to a company that is producing products that actually make it easier to use things and more powerful (Windows 8 was a huge step back). They need someone who will innovate and continue to innovate. > but since it's generally disliked and unnecessary these days, Maybe its disliked by start ups running the latest and greatest flavor of X, but enterprise isn't letting up any time soon on Java. Especially if there already using Oracle and its not easy to get rid of legacy stuff that costs money to rebuild. There are also people who adamantly protect the legacy stuff because that is where there job security lies. Horrible UI and most of the examples were from obscure languages. The only one I got right was assembly and that is scary... I am not sure if anything he states is correct or not. I mean the people just stated that he got it wrong but couldnt anyone just say no thats not me I did contracting work for so and so. I have been waiting for something like this for a long time. The only problem is that it is only for Kindle books. I would like a PDF/ePUB for any paper copy book I buy even if its a 5 dollar surcharge that is much better than buying the same book 2 separate times on different media (paper and ebook). Honestly I would like this to be the default option for all paper books I buy, even if the costs get factored in to the buying price. If I can take my CDs I purchased and encode them into MP3 and use them on my e-device of choice then why cant a similar model be used for paper media. I am going to be mad if I find an Amazon tracking cookie that makes you money ever time I buy from Amazon from now on. Anyways, the blog was an inspiration for me to start my own blog (which I have been putting off) and gave me some ideas for a way for it to fund itself. I may visit 100s of websites daily and none of them have anything to do with what I usually buy on Amazon. I don't want someone to profit off the measuring cups I bought off Amazon or the alternator I got on eBay because I visited a blog about a guy with a standing desk. Typical corporate response: its not our fault its the elevation of the sun. Once the sun decides to move it will not be a problem. How about they design a building right. If the 4 story condos I lived in previously were designed to be facing North and South so the sun didnt heat them up as much during the day. I would think a massive 37 floor building project in London would have taken into account the position of the sun as well. >It's not about taking the position of the sun into account, it's foreseeing that the curvature of the facade would concentrate the sun in an unfortunate way. Any kid with a magnifying class can tell you what curved class can do with light. My point was that if building projects take in account which way the sun will move in the sky, then they should take into account what the sun might do when it hits the building. > Oh please. If you've never build anything that turned out to malfunction in an unexpected way, you've never build anything. You are very right and I dont see how they might have foreseen this. It is quite unusual for the windows on a building to start melting cars, especially in a mild climate like London. The fact remains that if it can mess a Jaguar up what happens when the sun rays are concentrated into a flat across the street that may have a small child or elderly person who may not be to leave the room when it starts getting hot. Recently I graduated from college and decided to go for a big multinational company with employees all over the globe and customers also. The reasons I chose to do so are similar to the ones the author chose. Some drawbacks so far are the politics it takes to get a project going and the maze of people in a large corporation. Many times it takes several meetings just to find the right person to answer a question. Also having to interface with people around the globe to get sign off on things pose a time zone conflict and more hours are wasted. Sometimes the answers to the problems that I face are not known to one side of the business because they have no idea how the other side does things. There are massive silos of information and systems that make it harder to navigate than a smaller shop. If the car is hotter to begin with because of the air temperature around it then the melting point on a component of the car will be reached faster. So if it was in a much hotter place like Las Vegas where the sun shines a majority of the time I could see things like this happening more often. Instead of mild I should've said rainy or cloudy place like London. I hope that what they release is actually something can be read in its entirety and not redacted so much you can't read it. http://abcnews.go.com/m/blogEntry?id=19153896&ref=https%3A%2... If they really are changing their main logo to match that one, I wonder if they are doing it because Yahoo just changed their logo. Maybe Google is trying to compete with Marissa Meyer and her new strategies at Yahoo. Edit: Flat is so hot right now. More like a massive new interactive map with dot for my home router instead of a Waze comment for the NSA spooks to look at. I append _nomap to my SSID name in hopes that they wont collect the data they are scanning when they drive by. The word collect has different meanings these days so they may be storing the info but not look at it... Dumping your DB daily to dropbox doesnt sound like a production solution. It looks like you violated their TOC somehow but dont state what you did. This honestly sounds like growing pains, now that we are "taking off" we need to make sure users arent abusing our service. Lets do a user verification process for certain instances that are flagged for whatever reason. I have experienced similar verify account problems with Pay Pal/eBay. While its a burden on people who are doing legitimate business, if it keeps spammers/scammers off of a service then it is worth it. "In 1995 I quit my regular job as senior web engineer for Time-Warner and became a consultant developing interactive content for the World-Wide Web, which was still a pretty new thing at the time." I am confused the person stated that they were a senior web engineer but quit to work on a new thing the WWW. How can you be a senior web engineer for something brand new? Just nitpicking... Got an error 503. A refresh loaded the page fine the second time, as did subsequent refreshing. I couldn't repeat the error. Amateur dev/designer here. Agreed that CSS transitions are neat and easy to use but you are right about the hyperlinks being a bad place to use them. If the link in the page wasn't the URL and instead just a word in the paragraphs I wouldn't have noticed it either. When I use transitions for links or to open sub menus I usually pick a color that really stands out so they can understand they should click there. Usually 100ms will do fine, I think the transitions have their place but some people including my Manager do not like them for links or menus. This is the first public announcement (I have seen) of a large government agency using open source desktop OSs. I've seen articles about tech companies using Linux for Desktops, and other articles that mention large organizations using Linux Desktops but the couldn't specify the company specifically (dont know if it was US based or not). I have doubts about a large US non-tech organization actually using Linux for their desktops. The user training would have to momentous and cant imagine the IT support personnel/time needed to successfully implement this kind of change. To be honest I cant even imagine my company or others even switching to Open Office. I am glad that this is working out for the French, I wonder if their are any US government agencies that would consider a switch like this. Ugh, glad I have a grip on HTML/CSS now and dont have to rely on tools like this or Dreamweaver. I think Dreamweaver actually helped me code better because after class I would always work at cleaning up the shoddy Dreamweaver auto-generated code. Kids kept wondering why I always passed validations after writing code, I stopped using Dreamweaver unlike everyone else in that class. I can see why this would be a viable option in Europe. They seem to be more progressive in their decision making than the US. No way you could get the left and right to agree on something major in the US! Maybe if they saw how much money they would save doing something like this. I wouldnt be pleased more if the strangle hold that windows has on "Work" computers was loosened in this decade. Even the multinational company I work for now has a BYOD program. They restrict us to using the "guest" throttled wifi as punishment though. What happens to all the information we have converted to digital form if a worldwide disaster occurred? Think like a nuclear war and the resulting EMP wipes out most of the US/EU/Asia electronics. Think even a massive solar flare that fries the majority of the electronic equipment. I am loving every minute of this NSA-Gate or Snow-Gate. Nothing like holding GOVT accountable for decisions they make behind closed doors, decisions that had an impact on the whole world not just US citizens. Its also great all the technical details that are being released about how they Intel Agencies collect data. Its all fascinating. Looks like the NSA invoked the HN.RemoveArticle method. Isn't this Security 101, limit what external users can gather about your systems. Especially when an error occurs, you don't want an exception getting thrown and then the stack trace gets displayed to the whole internet. You have never gone to shave and felt the pull and tug of an old razor? Then you go to work only to forget that you need to buy new ones on the way home and the process goes on again. This process happens to me because I am usually focused on buying food and not non-perishable goods. I switched to DSC recently because of this and I am tired of paying Gillette/Schick $20-$30 on a pack of razors. Actually a lot of enterprise applications are built with Java. I think I am in the wrong profession...perhaps one with a Union can help increase my salary/benefits. This is similar to Atlanta, which is considered a "car centric" city. Our Public transportation system "MARTA" only operates fully throughout two counties in our metro area. The reason for this is that many citizens in the suburbs are afraid of what will happen if they provide easy access for urban "characters" that are presumed to be "bad or unsavory" because they cant afford a car. (I live in one such county) Every time there are talks of expanding MARTA (train or bus lines) to other counties people come out in protest. But my start up isn't cool if we aren't using the newest and greatest buzzword technologies. Interesting read, I do not partake in Reddit very often (the comments are mostly more than meaningless, harsh like a school yard bully). Although I have found a couple subreddits that do not fit my preconceived view of redditors. Alexis' article has a lot of truths in it, supplemental education is a necessity in the IT field, tech changes sooo fast. Most people wont attend a college that is a front runner in its respective fields. Often times the professors are teaching slightly outdated technologies or versions of technologies. MOOC (massive open online courses) and learn to code sites help fill this gap. Perhaps they may become more common as people take a look back on how much they invested in school and how they could make it more cost effective while still becoming knowledgable in their interests/professions. I guess I havent got past the general audience subreddits. Thanks for responding, I am going to find a couple this week to start reading. You've inspired me. Why does it matter if you're an NBA fan. I thought the same thing about the graphs!! I was confused what I was supposed to be looking at when I saw the second graph. So is this kinda of like Tor but without the anonymity and only one peer to connect to? I work in Atlanta for a multinational company with 20,000+ employees, almost daily I connect with people from the Midwest, West coast, India, and UK. We allow remote workers, have flex time (although 8-5 is considered the "norm"). Our dress code is relaxed (I prefer jeans + polo daily). I know that we are hiring because I am meeting new hires daily (along with new contractors). I just got hired in July. Let me know if you would like to know more I saw you were in Atlanta (we are not downtown). Sent you an email. I like these types of things and for someone who picked up an interest in coding while in college. I wish I had resources like this when I was a kid. I wish the programming community in general was more friendly to newcomers. I see people tell others that only CS people should be doing this don't even try a lot. Ha I live in Cobb County I wonder if that's a good bankruptcy lawyer. I am strangely addicted. This is kind of like those drug dealer/mobster games that I used to play on my TI-83. Where you would all of the sudden die for no reason or get arrested. Who says you need to be CS? This is what's stopping me from upgrading. Right now I have a non retina display with an ssd and an HDD in the optical drive spot. Im about to upgrade my RAM to 16gb so I can run my windows VM with more than enough RAM. I like to upgrade the internals without paying an arm and a leg. You can almost upgrade your ram and ssd for what apple charges to go from 8-16gb of RAM. Agreed, the days of modding your laptop are going to be gone (for apple and probably everyone if ultra books take hold for the masses). The newly released rMBP's are more appealing than last year. That 256 or 512 ssd sounds like more than enough especially coupled with that nice retina display. Especially if I can convince my girlfriend to use her education discount. They are turning their product lines into ipad/iphone like, they are not upgradable. Even a broken iPhone 5 front glass screen requires a whole new panel. I am horrified to think what will happen if I get a new rMBP and a year later something breaks. I dont buy apple care, so will I be stuck paying 1,000 for a whole new logic board because all the pieces are soldered on? Is that is what is happening. Long page load then once the page was loaded, it refreshed and loaded slowly again. HAHA 3.5 Billion Valuation! Honestly I am afraid that Snapchat will suffer the same fate as MySpace or DIGG once the younger generation finds something new (look at who uses google+, no one and I am not talking about your techy friends). We can already see young teens are leaving facebook. To be honest I stopped using it once my parents and other older adults started joining and that was 2-3 years ago. http://mashable.com/2013/08/11/teens-facebook/ Down vote all you want. This app was first introduced to me I was told: "You can send naughty pictures to people and they cant save them." Agreed. But how can a company that shows pictures for seconds and deletes them make money? And only have one use case or feature? Kind of like a paid /r/gonewild. Hmmm there are probably a number of porn stars/models that would buy into this. $5.00 a month to buy into this snapchat feed. We can use the reverse Apple method give 30% to the model. If you could get 100k users to follow the models that would be 350K a month/4.2 million a year. We might be on to something. +1 I would love to see NeXTSTEP. In other news the NSA has possible backdoors in real computer devices. Does this post not concern tech jobs. I recently graduated from a smaller local college and had no problem getting interviews or offers. In fact almost every job I applied for called me back within a day to do an interview. None of them outsourced their hiring either. I am pretty sure they would be considered a traitor if someone told their new company how the NSA was doing things, just look at what they are calling Snowden. The problem isnt the part that you can see, the Front-End. The problem is the legacy systems on the Back-End that need to talk to each other. And if one of these requests time out, the whole request fails, doesnt matter if the 5 systems before responded it has to go through the process again. Depending on the State it may also be illegal to film an officer who is stopping you. It may not be illegal but you still can get arrested. http://www.infowars.com/illinois-citizens-still-being-arrest... Key words: "I’m a lawyer not a scientist but in my opinion..." Sounds like he's not a lawyer but a politician. My point was I dont want to listen to a lawyer or politician. Give me the words of a scientist, preferably a nuclear one. Engineer would be even better. I would totally give up my AT&T S4 with a flashed Google Edition ROM but....there is no sdcard slot. What I am going to do without my extra 32gb of space? I like expansion and that was one of the main reasons I gave up my iPhone 4 for a S4. I have easily 10gb of pictures that I can show anyone as long as I have my phone. Also, at least 15gb of music and I'm about to install Debian just because I can. I dont see the problem all that was filled in was my name. The other fields were left blank. Even when I reentered it after the other fields popped up. Thank god it wasn't another school but these people are ruining gun control for the rest of us. I don't own a gun yet but its looking like I might never be able to unless I hurry up. TSA is going to be worse now too. Shootings = people die, stricter rules, less rights for everyone. Its bad for everyone in the US. I am concerned because crazy people are messing with my constitutional rights. (are amendments rights?) Edit: Dont you see what happened after 9/11 and the NSA. I dont want another repeat. I'm in the South too and many people that I know enjoy being safe with their guns. Instead of outlawing gun control how about we outlaw crazy people from carrying them. Or better yet hold the parents of children responsible who go off and do shootings in schools. If they let their kid stockpile weapons in their basement then they should be responsible in some way for what their child does. (I am talking about Columbine type stuff, not the LAX shooting) I don't know why AT&T is trying to go to Europe again. They bought the company I work for in the 90s for this reason as we have a big foothold in Europe. We were split from them once Ma Bell was forced to split up. Their Europe expansion didn't work out either way. History repeats itself. "particularly useful for understanding how modern capitalism spread to all of the United States" because it shows how the exploitation of black slaves was the economic foundation of the American colonies and describes the Civil War as "a struggle between the bourgeoisie of the north and the landowners of the south." This sounds like North Korea's reality warp field but I dont think its too far off in a sense. Glad I didnt take my first offer out of school. This was exactly what that company was about. I knew classmates who took the jobs but left before 6 months. They were paying 15-20% more for some positions, now I know why. Their motto was hire and fire, most managers were with them for less than 1.5 years and promoted because they were most senior after about year. If I drove all the way across the country and heard that on my first day. My middle finger would be raised very high as I shouted profanities as I walked out the door. But the author kept his cool and it worked out, maybe a trait I need to develop. Exactly, I dont believe that it was THE foundation for our economy. The Industrial Revolution may be THE foundation for our MODERN economy, I dont find agriculture as our foundation anymore. We can literally watch China go through it now. >But there are dozens of other ways to understand that cross-section of history. This. "a struggle between the bourgeoisie of the north and the landowners of the south." Your only talking about the South. I was talking about both sides. The quote had both in it too. I have met a lot of Brilliant people from India that have blow me away on their technical knowledge. What is stopping them from helping to fix the infrastructure problem that India has? A lot of educated people seem to be seeking a way out to another country. While most of the people in India are living in poverty and have no chance of a decent education. Forget Mars, for India the problems are too great at home. Well by technical I mean the engineering fields also. I assume there are people in the less technology focuses engineering fields such as civil and mechanical engineering. But social problems are a different breed. It would be remarkable if India could do what China is doing infrastructure wise at least. My knowledge is limited and I am still an outsider looking in at both countries. Edit: The link you provided mentioned corruption as a big problem in India. Engineers cant solve that problem. Yes but if they are all leaving India to make technological advancements elsewhere, then how is that protecting India from thugs? > Most of us spoke English as a first language (at least as good as one), nearly all of us bilingual (and not in the same languages) who were used to our English being misunderstood. I have to disagree I find that a lot of people from India do not pronounce the syllables in the way that a native speaker does. Well put. I have worked closely with latinos when I was working in restaurants and it was very easy to communicate back and forth even if one of us didnt speak the same language. They never sounded like they were talking out of a 1920s dictionary, words no one uses in normal conversations. I dated a girl who did modeling and whenever a shoot would come up she would do a water/coffee fast. It only worked temporarily and she would be forced to do it before every shoot to get where she wanted to be. There is no substitute for exercise and proper diet. Well I dont have trouble communicating with the majority of people in the US no matter where they are from or even the UK and Europe. But I do have a problem understanding the Indians that I am talking to 10+ hours a week. I am not trying to bash people from India here its just that I have more trouble communicating with so called "English as first language too" speakers than other groups. Must be just you but I can understand a Southerner or someone from New York or Boston, UK/AUS/NZ/Canada any day of the week compared to Tarun I talked to this morning. I am talking about business conversations not people using slang or localized words/sayings. Well if its on wikipedia then we know it must be official. Why does the media have a frenzy when something bad happens to Tesla? It seems like the media is trying to find anything to publicly put them down. I have seen two car fires since July commuting from my new job. They didnt make it to HN or even on my local news. This isnt like the Ford Explorer fiasco from years ago. 3 cars burnt, how many burn from gas everyday. Those cars dont have a warning system to tell the driver to get out, thats what the smoke is for. Good point but I do remember Elon stating it was because they had such large cells without sufficient spacing in between the cells. http://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/elon-musk-boeing-7... I waited tables the whole time I was in college and I can say that these observations are 100% true. Sometimes I even have nightmares about bad experiences I had. I can't see any of the images on my iPad using safari. You'll always have that threat. The users don't want simple text. It looks great in html most people wont even know about the risk or even understand it. Company wide emails or email signatures give a better impression to people if they are pretty , leadership likes that. Not to the Business. I am required to have links in my signature so at the very least I will always have one hyperlink on every email I send. I dont want another social media site, and I especially dont want to get forced into using one. I also want to use google's apps such has gmail, youtube, and others without having to sign into google+. Meant to get back yesterday - For some reason it worked when I tried about an hour later. I dont know if it was my connection or not. Do I have join Google+ to get on the barge? As a mobile dev, how would you stop users from taking a screenshot? My girlfriend uses snapchat with her friends a lot and if she is quick enough she can grab a screenshot of the snap, I assume other people are doing this often. What will I play during my Flash intro? Seems like a good idea... How can I purchase my own debt? Rather than have someone else buy my debt at a reduced rate and abolish it, how about I buy my own? I guess once your debt gets into a state where its being sold you probably arent making the right payments. Pay off early! or dont accrue debt. I guess you couldnt buy your "own" debt but you could get someone to buy it on your behalf. People dont realize what little regulations supplements face compared to "food". Most products you buy at nutrition/health stores (like GNC/Vitamin Shoppe/etc.) are not really tested. You can pretty much be getting chalk and no one will know. Or you get an overdose of Ephedra and die. This was exactly what I was talking about. Muscle building supplements and bath salts. My girlfriends brother lives in Costa Rica and from visiting him and listening to their conversations I can say the internet infrastructure is not that good. There are normal days and very bad days that may last for a day-week-month. Costa Rica's internet is better than Nicaragua though! How do you buy a company in which their only revenue stream is to seek more funding? A Social Media Startup's steps to profit: 1. Collect Users 2. ? 3. Profit! In my experience sensors like this are inaccurate compared to calipers or a hydrostatic body testing (if you can find a place or mobile van to do this). How would your method differ, and how would it produce more accurate results? Edit: Does it need to be a standalone device or could it be an attachment like a case on an iPhone? So its like instapaper or Apple's reading list with a timer? Yes you were. I have been doing this for years on my gameboy/sega/iphone/ipad/mac. I even turned my airplane mode off to see how long it would take to loose service last time I flew. (I dont fly very often) CaaS. Car as a service. What will the corporations think of next? It was pretty soon after I don't know the altitude but it was within 5 minutes of leaving the ground. I saw the word sponsor and turned off adblock to see if that was the reason that word was there. Sure enough it was a distracting ad. Why is the top of your heading A List Apart hidden behind your translucent navigation bar at the top. .killer-logo { margin-top:55px;} That might do the trick. Edit: 42px would be best as your logo is cut off at the top of the letters. VMware so I can do testing in Windows with IE. Virtual box just isnt cutting it. Looks great on Chrome 31 in OS X I guess when I bought it I needed to access certain Microsoft products for school. So initially I guess it wasn't just for IE. Ive never liked clunky apps VB has always been clunky compared to VMware Fusion or Parallels. I'll pay for speed. This is BS. No one takes imprints and you dont need to. I worked in the service industry for years and took a credit card from 80% of all my customers and never once took a imprint or needed to. I have seen flat cards without numbers that would be impossible to imprint. I dont sign my cards ever, why would I want a thief to see what my signature looks like? I get work done during work hours. #GetItDoneAtWork I tend to agree with the post. Mainly I've used bootstrap so I dont have to focus on the design and I can focus on the other aspects. Recently I have been having to deal with getting off of the row layout I used in my initial designs. This has been a pain and the pains keep growing as I realize that I need more control over the design. In fact, recently I have spent a lot more time fighting Boostrap and now I am spending the time I saved in the beginning by using it. I have seen someone get fired at a restaurant I worked at because they were always too overwhelmed to smile consistently. Perhaps Americans are forced to smile at times but why would someone foreign take offense to that? By the way he got directly fired because he wasnt smiling when he was walking around. Dont you just love being employed in a Work at Will state. Winamp has a special place in my heart it was the first music app that I really like when I was in my teens. I remember downloading a song in 15 minutes off Napster when my family first got an ISDN line. Oh man 10-15kbs was screaming. I could buy a Chromecast for half the price and use a free service to mirror my desktop for meetings. Or I could buy another Apple TV for a little more and have a lot more functionality and video outlets (HBO GO, Netflix etc.). Although this option only works if you use Macs. Or as another poster said just use the built in wifi on my TVs in my house. This article is talking as if all bacteria would suddenly become resistant to everything. I doubt it would be so sudden are more of a gradual decline. True but in my house I have had better luck with my apple tv than I have had streaming DLNA. Way too choppy. No but for us in the apple ecosystem it is a much better alternative. I wrote the post about an hour ago so how could I have known :-) Why would you buy an apple tv if you dont own apple products? Roku is a much better choice anyway. I always thought the windows stores were copying apple also. They all have big open spaces with wood floors or stands with minimal furniture/shelves and accessories on the walls. That wasnt a defamation case they were trying to bring him to court for copyright and online piracy violations. Spotify needs to fix their android app I have been having major problems on my S4 recently. I am about to jump ship. I can see how they can be worth 4 billion but how can snapchat be worth almost as much. Employees are your most prized asset I wouldn't limit it to just devs. Not sure if this is real but I don't think its good for the ocean. I don't think something the size of an ATM can heat 100 square yards of ocean. I am interested to find out why they use MS products over something on linux combined with other open source options. Thank you for the response. Usually on HN you dont hear a lot about MS products, its nice to hear about something different especially in a positive light. Thank you for responding! Why do these make it to the front page of HN? Edit: Read the submission guide lines in the FAQ. Man with gun isnt a new phenomenon (unfortunately). So its like Coin except Google gets all of my purchasing data and I probably have to join Google+ at some point. Pssh try a Galaxy S4 flashed with the GE ROM. Still has google bloatware though. Or what happens when the person holding that position quits due to stress. Following Step 0 would mean no one learns/uses PHP. Regardless if its a good thing or not the fact remains since it is popular today it will be used for years to come. Someone will have to know how that one PHP app works that your company made 5 years ago and refuses to update. What happens in 5 years? I'm glad I stuck with Intel ssds even though they eventually switched to SandForce I have drives with both controllers and they are both awesome. I almost bought an OCZ but they were garbage especially now Samsung is a player. > So many poor people. I think poor is a relative term and I dont think America has as many as lets say Central or South America. I dont see people living in shacks sifting through landfills to make ends meet. No Southeast! I guess that Georgia Tech, University of Georgia, Auburn, University of Alabama, Clemson, University of South Carolina etc. didnt give their Permission! Thank god. There are still people in my office using XP and IE 6/7 that I wonder why they cant do or see certain things. What happens when someone hacks this during rush hour? Try explaining what a VMs and why they are needing to use it to C-Level or VPs that dont understand technology. Either the user refuses to upgrade or the higher ups determine its more cost effective to use IE6 instead of upgrading the Application itself. We have lots of people in the field doing service related work all over the world and they do not take the time to upgrade (or do their job but thats another story). Its takes 2-3 months just to get the old computer back after we send then a brand new computer. I have even seen old webapps that are handled better with newer browsers be restriced to the old versions of IE because of "security reasons." > It's a joke among engineers that you need to graduate from college so that you can start learning. My college experience (non-technical bachelors) was just a joke, period - high school 2.0. Still, I wouldn't have the good job I do now if I hadn't completed my degree. Yes and yes I wasted the first two years in college learning High School 2.0 and the last 2 learning technical concepts that people used 5-10 years ago. XHTML, CGI and using tables for layouts to name a few. Some sites are enjoyable when they use the scrolling down animation effect, this site was horrible. It wasnt clear that I even should scroll down and when I did it never ended. "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer" That was said in 1765, I think we are regressing. Power hungry police and prosecutors are getting worse. They only care about making arrests and getting convictions, innocence doesn't matter. I am surprised that the prosecutor was actually charged and then convicted. I would like the police and legal system to stop looking at everyone like criminals. The concept of innocent until proven guilty is not a view seen by these people, if they come across you, youre guilty. Once I had some legal problems that got dropped, years later while applying for a permit for work at the police station, I was questioned about this incident and turned down for what I was applying for. There isnt anything on my record for this except an incident report the courts dropped it why should I still be looked down upon. I really like the idea of these multi-platform bridges. But in reality the ones that I have seen suffered from being terribly slow. The last app demo that I saw using phonegap had 3-5 second loading bars come up every time a button was pressed. This was on Android so I am not sure if the platform was to blame or not. Interesting, the slow demo was using a Samsung phone and had many animations. Next time I am going to do some comparisons on different manufacturers and with/with out animations. The app wasnt one I was involved in so I didnt have chance to mess around with it. The already make trailers and cookie cutter homes that are simply assembled on premise. Adobe got me. Does lastpass work great for checking banking on cellphones and other logins that would require a cut and paste on a desktop? Relax I believe in some states it's an automatic 3 or 5 years if you escape. There were some people that walked away from work release around my area to buy drugs or something I remember reading about. I usually feel groggy after naps and it would be hard for me to go back to studying or working. Because the markets have been flooded with either snake oil products or unproven chemicals like ephedra. Nothing is a replacement for diet and exercise. Diet drugs should be used in tandem with proper diet and exercise. For some people its simply an over indulgence problem. You could easily counter by saying why don't people just throw up after eating problem solved. Yet in my experience quick fixes often have other consequences that may not be immediately known. I don't believe you can simulate complex bio mechanical processes like muscle tearing but you may be able to allow you body to be more efficient when you do these things.