Some lower end routers/modems may still be MIPS and some set top boxes/media players are as well. Ignore the plugin install then. Download links for text/slides/video are available in a number of formats in the bottom right hand corner of the page. IIRC these clones may not be able to play all games - especially ones with add-on chips (Super Mario RPG is the only example I can think of right now) Maybe GitHub for Windows will alleviate some of the problems with bad key handling, but I wonder if a few strategically logged bug reports with GitExtensions and TortoiseGit would go a fair way to fixing a lot of the friction people experience. I wonder how that bypass works. You can group subreddits together with a + symbol between them - e.g. reddit.com/r/technology+gadgets+programming Were there any issues with swapping out Backbone's built in templating for handlebarjs? Any extra info in the script console? I really wish Windows would store this info in NTFS alternate streams. I'll have to check my files when I get home Should I move from Delicious to this? What are the advantages of this over that? I think there should also be an RSS tag somewhere in the markup to let Google Reader et al find your feed automagically. Elaborate? How can a developer check his or her applications against this without needing to run Norton Internet Security or AV. If this isn't possible, is there a cheap(er) option that I can get my hands on that still includes this reputation check? Any idea how that's working? I've never seen image resizing work that well! Maybe I misunderstand this, but couldn't someone write a driver for Cygwin to have a better fork implementation? Were you running out of entropy? If so, how did you solve it? (If you're allowed to divulge that) That's interesting. The Australian branch of Ticketmaster uses queuing and delays to handle load and still often crashes when "big" events go on sale (annual festivals, Radiohead) Just to let you know, you'll have to request your keys over a number of days as there appears to be a limit to the number of keys you can claim within a 24 hour period. Have you tried the "feather" UI from the Youtube Labs/beta page? Any idea if these are the characters GoSMS uses as "emoji"? i.e. is it a defacto standard? Seems to me that PHP bulletin boards are always a (easy?) target. Any idea what bus the eSATA port is attached to? the DreamPlug is similar to the CuBox but the eSATA is hooked up internally via USB2, limiting its speed dramatically For your printer problems, funnily enough installing Bonjour for Windows on both machines can help quite a lot. Ah, sorry. I had sharing and discovery confused. I thought Bonjour allowed (easier) installation of shared printers though. I actually think the issues page would be a better first-step Has this info leak been fixed? Would you still recommend LastPass in this case? Thank you for teaching me a new term! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good I would be VERY interested to see a packet capture of the same page when you're under and near your cap. Nice idea, needs some graphs maybe? Also, a search for C# returns Linus as the top result ;) There's something a little off about your code screenshot - it's very slightly blurry. Any chance of replacing it with an embedded gist? This isn't Mikko Hypponen's sense of humour - I'd say it's real, even if it is ridiculous. I've noticed a steep rise in the difficulty of reCaptcha captcha's too. There isn't anyone I can contact about it, is there? The requests library in Python will check your certs. docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/advanced/#advanced Yeah, I posted this below. It's mentioned in the advanced section. Why checking your SSL certs is an advanced topic I don't know. Thanks. Did I miss the TOC or was that a hidden anchor? Yes, but you're then reliant on the proxy to do the validation for you. My corporate proxy chokes on it too. An error occurred while performing an ICAP operation: File decompression/decode error; File: CorkaMIX.zip; Sub File: No file name available; Vendor: Kaspersky Labs; Engine error code: 0x00050000; Engine version: 8.1.8.79; Pattern version: 120801.124000.8311194; Pattern date: 2012.08.01 12:40:00 Is there a preferred standard for using the SD/external storage on Android? Any chance of allowing this to be used internationally? Maybe an SMS to Google Talk bridge? The brilliant thing about bsnes (the "crazy" emulator you're referring to) is that the author has worked with researchers to reverse-engineer all of the secondary chips that SNES carts used - even an ARM3 chip. Your Macbook should be fine, I'd probably use Disc Utility to dump the disc to an ISO if you have the space. Can you elaborate? I haven't had to use cherry-picking or rebasing and I'm not sure if I'm missing out on anything. Why? 100mbit will do HD content even from a Bluray M2TS file. Agreed. It's clear, it kept me interested and I made sure I read it thoroughly instead of just skimming https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap/issues/4325 Now that's cool. Wonder if it still works. Any chance you remember which issue? I think either VirtualBox or VMware Workstation can detect Ctrl-Alt-Delete - it then asks you if you meant to send that to the guest VM. Any idea how that works if there's protection on Ctrl-Alt-Delete? I must be reading the wrong Python tutorials. Thank you for this This makes me sad - no one appreciates quality any more. Youtube's audio bitrates max out at 160kbit. Hope your bandwidth is cheap - how compressible are these files? Also there's a few suggestions to just send the diffs after the initial model which is a really good idea. Amazing what a change in tone will do for a product/API/launch announcement. Any particular threads worth digging up? Melbourne, Australia appears to be a coffee Mecca. Have the Melbournites moved over there now? Google translate yielded: Service and Support Technical and General Affairs Office hours: 08:00 to 18:00, Front-hour on-call, 24/7 as an option Tel: 08-555771 55 Fax: 08-555 771 99 Mail: support@bahnhof.se Sales Questions regarding contracts and RFPs. Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 17:00 Tel: 08-555771 50 Fax: 08-555771 99 Mail: sales@bahnhof.se iSCSI + PoE. Sign me up please. Yes, there's the CredWrite API - http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa37... , although I must admit I like the OS X keychain a lot better. pagetable.net and www.pagetable.net don't seem to resolve. > DiG 9.8.1-P1 > pagetable.net ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; ->>HEADER strace still blows me away every time I use it. ProcMon on Windows does some of the same stuff, but there's really no comparison. Might want to post that to the issue tracker I hate to be ungrateful but I'd like to see HD versions next time - in a lot of Australian broadcast areas there aren't any HD stations over the air any more. Highlight of #Olympic2012 so far: seeing Americans struggle with not having immediate access to new content ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/how-nbcs-olympics-strat... ) ndiswrapper is/was more a function of the hardware vendors not supporting Linux/supporting Linux very badly. Go look at some of the early Linux Realtek drivers for example. The Paralympics coverage is abysmal by comparison. It's really sad. Why? Why? Love the URL! More info please? Go to the event, spend the first half an hour talking to people, then find a team and give it a shot. Can the A10 run Linux-proper (not Android) yet? Do you remap ESC to another key? Wouldn't Amazon stomp on you pretty quickly for this? Sorry, I'm looking for confirmation that they've booted a mainline kernel on it. Bonus points if the graphics chip is supported (I was confused, I thought it was on-die but it's not) Interesting. This is the same chip that's used in the Netduinos. It's quite a step up from the Atmel chips used in most Arduinos but I can't quite find a use for one. Where can I still use bang-paths?! xdr.js will mostly work for IE7/8 as far as I can tell. Hey, I'm an Aussie using PayPal and this is the first time I've heard of this. Where can I go to read more? All of his code reviews are excellent. Highly recommend the Quake ones. http://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/search/ is the direct link. Will be interesting to do some compression tests with these files - I think Wikimedia could save quite a bit of bandwidth by using LZMA or similar. Use POST. GET is not meant for that amount of data. Alternatively, GET by a shorter ID. You write a well documented application that is useful, adheres to as much of REST as you can and leave the theories to other people. Now if only I could convince the wheelchair industry to do the same. Just off the top of my head: * One manufacturer and one manufacturer only of the parts for my particular wheelchair (A Quickie GTX by Sunrise Medical) * High prices as customers often don't have any other options * Occasionally the company won't deal with me as I'm only ordering 1 or 2 parts at a time, not hundreds * Proprietary parts requiring complicated installation - unfortunately I can't direct link but have a look at any of the front brace/fork assemblies on http://www.sunparts.us/ * Slow shipping times from the US to Australia, requiring me to plan ahead for any future damage/repairs! Does this use a Mozilla Services Account? If so, your password reset function hasn't been working for a year... For those of us outside the US / who don't follow NFL, what's the joke I'm missing? https://github.com/uams/geturl/issues/7 Edit: pull request submitted. As of an hour ago it works on 2.6 :D Be proud, your domain has made BlueCoat's list of "proxy avoidance" sites and is blocked at my workplace. I wish them all the best, but I can't say I'm optimistic. The N900 was one of the best phones I owned. Nothing on pagekite.me, will check the other tomorrow. Looks interesting, but can you give an example using MS Tests/NUnit that's much simpler/clearer with ExpectBetter? Maybe I'm a strange person, but unencrypted FTP makes me cringe. I'd much rather add a Filepicker-specific SSH key restricted to sftp/scp. How are they paying for this? I'm finding it very hard to feel any sympathy for these advertisers. What the article doesn't say is how many platters in a current 3TB hard drive. http://www.pcworld.idg.com.au/review/servers_storage/seagate... says there are 3 platters in the newest Seagate drives - so potentially we could see 6TB drives from this! Pity there's only 1000 of these, it'd be fun to see if I could flash this with a newer OS. Looks like only the cover art was leaked, not the games. I'm feeling a bit kickstarter-ed out. So many small electronics projects. Good luck, though. Isn't Opus for speech? And then spend the next year frantically trying to recover your ratio... You'd think Apple of all companies would appreciate minimalism. I wouldn't go near it yet, but it's very promising. There are too many big bugs listed here: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7/+bugs RSS to subscribe to that is http://feeds.launchpad.net/ubuntu-nexus7/latest-bugs.atom Sorry, no links, typing quickly: * F-Secure's blog and some other AV companies' blogs * Ramond Chen's The Old New Thing * Anything written by Mark Russinovich * Slightly off topic, but http://www.devttys0.com/ manages some crazy reverse engineering feats, which I feel are similar to this story. The Nexus 4 maxes out at 16gb available storage and there's no expansion. It only really competes with the base model S3. It's Samsung's own fault they haven't got the 4.2 update out properly yet. Strangely, the link is blocked by BlueCoat at my workplace. Can someone pastebin the text? A Microsoft Touch Mouse with the latest Win8 drivers is a good stopgap - you can use the gestures on top of the mouse to bring up charms and so on. Why not just demux the AAC? Transcoding a lossy file is bad. public string SerializeMessageHeader(string messageHeader) or public string Serialize(MessageHeader header) or if you really want to get fancy Serialize (GenericHeaderObject someObject) which would then be called as Serialize (header) Email Samsung and ask when they're releasing the platform documentation. It's really the only thing you can do, and it sucks. for my S3, I use an app on my (rooted) phone called EasyUMS to enable Mass Storage mode. The other option is to try and find a better app that supports MTP. Now this sounds interesting. Why wouldn't they run in 8? My Pi is pretty close to my wifi router and I have the same stick - 4-5mb/s depending on what I'm doing with the data. You may need to turn power management off for the device. From memory these sticks are either a Ralink or Realtek chipset and are supported by all recent kernels. I think USB 3 is prohibitively expensive at the moment. Power may be an issue there too - you barely get 200mW out of the USB ports by the time the system itself is powered. Neither have we. By the look of it, no, but I'll have to check the source more later. You could try watching the price of the BFG edition in the upcoming Steam Winter sale. Very slick. The only thing I'd add would be Chrome desktop notifications (optional) for plain alerts. I just think the resolution is too low for development work. x264 isn't a standard? The TV scene people now use H.264 in MP4. Sleep. Seriously. Don't pull an all-nighter unless you really really have to. Focus on a basic, fully working product rather than an ambitious semi-finished thing. There's a difference between a VAC ban and a TOS ban. VAC ban means you can no longer play (mostly Valve) games online. A TOS ban means your account is no longer usable. What benefits do the new satellites bring? Yes, at least 2x here. I'll pull up Chrome's FPS display later. Thank you for BitBucket! If you ever need a C# dev, let me know ;) There's a /raw endpoint that accepts markdown and renders it - the GitHub for Windows client uses it. Maybe you could use that with some javascript? I wrote one too! https://github.com/voltagex/python-gist Can you give an example? Wireshark & RTMPDump may get you most of the way there. I like it. Inventive use of FUSE, but is there any reason it couldn't have been done with python and inotify? Matched you, every 404'd article that I have found through web.archive.org makes it more than worth it. Cross version or cross platform? I can potentially write a Win32 desktop app that runs on XP, 7 and 8. Metro apps can be used on 8 and RT, with a potential port to Windows Phone 8. If you have time, it might be worth checking out if you can contribute to VXConnectbot, which seems to be the most maintained fork VXConnectbot VXConnectBot - please contribute! SSL warning - You attempted to reach www.glancedat.com, but instead you actually reached a server identifying itself as *.nodejitsu.com. This may be caused by a misconfiguration on the server or by something more serious. An attacker on your network could be trying to get you to visit a fake (and potentially harmful) version of www.glancedat.com. Sorry it took me a while to get back to you. The first one is passworded, presumably detected by looking at the RAR header. I can't find the second. Aaaaand I'm glad I didn't look that one up on the work PC. I'm assuming you can get the filename info by looking at either the RAR headers or the first archive. And who's going to pay for my bandwidth? I think there's a couple of sites that take markdown in a Gist and put them up as formatted posts. Add Disqus and you've got a neat little product. And a one button gist-to-github repo. Why not Archivrfy.com? Can someone paste the content of this article elsewhere? *.torproject.org is blocked as proxy avoidance where I work. I don't have the bandwidth available, but I'm willing to ship a Raspberry Pi to someone who does. Someone should start the TorPiDo project :P Thanks. I've shortlinked the apk at http://bit.ly/exynosfix to allow easier downloading on the phone itself. Most people will balk at that though. They may not balk at a noisemaker kit, or a build-your-own-universal remote. One of the big banks in Australia, Commbank, have launched something like this - http://www.commbank.com.au/mobile/commbank-kaching/what-is-k... I wonder if they'll ever offer subscriptions It's pretty much an updated version of the Dreamplug, although I'm going to miss the GigE. The only thing I can think of is that they're either in league with or actually scared of the SRS subreddit. No. Valve released a highly-Ubuntu specific .deb and everyone else hacked the crap out of it to get it working. Including pulling in libc from Ubuntu. maybe howdoi --reroll? (Repeat same question for a second opinion) They were having problems with their publisher so the tables stopped coming. Would automating Git be too slow? Wait 6 months to a year. Try to use your digital copy. It won't work - this is a useless disc. I don't think the demoscene is dead. http://scene.org/dir.php?dir=%2Fparties%2F2012/ I'm sorry to hijack your comment for this but if you want to read something related but on another tangent (phreaking) then this article is highly recommended - http://www.lospadres.info/thorg/lbb.html Well, they just destroyed my trust in them. Granted, I'm just one person, but I hope I'm not the only one who feels this way. I'd go further. They're a dangerous, internet-hating cult. With Scientology's history? Hardly. But aren't those addresses only routed within Hamachi itself? I'm not against advertorials but a "religious" ad in a supposed secular magazine? Yuck. Thank you for not caving into their offers. Also, good luck with your Windows 8 project! It's a long time since I've heard the word "diskmag". Off to scene.org! I am currently looking for an ultrabook but for the last couple of years I have used the following setup: * (Acer) eMachines E732Z bought on clearance for $400 * Drive bay adapter + SSD to replace the DVD drive * Upgraded to 8GB/RAM Total is When I went to jailbreak an Apple TV 2, I was presented with lists of software to buy. WTF? Show me the code. This does not bode well for those people for whom Facebook is a pre-installed (and often unremovable) app on new phones. It did lead to an interesting exploit though - http://titanous.com/posts/vulnerabilities-in-heroku-build-sy... Over at coapp.org, we are (were) doing this the "right way", with MSIs that install into Program Files and dependency management. The original source of those PDFs is http://archive.org/search.php?query=collection%3Atransactor-... It doesn't exist yet. Gemcanary is the MVP. How about a hackernews discount code? I'm in a wheelchair. Transport and accommodation is tricky. These policies really, really suck. Is it possible that the admin has disabled the service for that domain? EC2 is cheaper if you're using the server for hours in a month - i.e. to learn, like I am. Needs a login-with-github button - most of my side projects are on GitHub anyway. Can someone explain to me why that file causes the issue to occur? Was it a strange experience to teach a company how to use its own product? * lowendbox.com (be prepared for "fun", you get what you pay for) * my new favourite digitalocean.com * EC2 No referral links here, but I am on Gittip :P That's correct. As I understand it, you can get a reasonable altitude estimation from the barometer. I'm pretty sure it was in the S3 as well. Submitted a pull request with some basic copy-editing for you. Yep. I got an eMachines 732Z (Asus) for $400 last year. $80 for 8GB of RAM and $200 for a 256GB SSD (+$20 for an adaptor to put it where the DVD drive was) and I have a dev laptop that'll eat just about everything else for breakfast. Also known as Steam syndrome. Does this trend worry anyone else? Limiting usage to one distro can't be a good thing. For 13, there's also https://launchpad.net/~gnome3-team/+archive/gnome3 You may be able to use the source packages to build 3.8 for your current version. As a counterpoint, Microsoft employees have contributed to libgit and parts of the ASP Web Stack are open-source under the Apache Licence - see http://aspnetwebstack.codeplex.com/license Heh, here in Australia it used to be $50, now it's $90-110 This post put me completely on Google's side: https://lists.webkit.org/pipermail/webkit-dev/2013-January/0... Depending on which phone you buy, it might not be you installing it. Hey, would you mind elaborating? I always wondered why RDP was miles faster than X when working remotely. Mind you, whatever the Teamviewer guys are doing is even more amazing. Homebrew seems more akin to Arch's PKGBUILD or Gentoo's ebuilds than other package managers. I've done it with a markdown file before - what are the advantages of tdl? (Never heard of it until now) Crippled in hardware - there's no +5V line so even when you patch that code you need to use a Y cable. Until they cross-pollinate with a patented GM crop... They'd be much better served by an offline app or a dead-tree book, but that wasn't the point of your comment. Why? Is it really that much worse than a pad and pen? I've seen the for x in lst syntax before, but where should I start to learn about generators? >Nobody writes a AAA game in Python. No, but the scripting/UI/mod toolkit for the game might be in Python >Nobody writes a performant Apache/Nginx class web-server in Python No, but Python can do quite well serving WSGI to Nginx >Nobody writes a database engine in Python No, but Python ORMs work pretty well. The point I'm trying to make is that I don't think that it's a bad thing that Python sometimes gets relegated to a "support" language. I think the time of the single language programmer is over. If you need something faster than Python, use something else.