law of history: telling people who sit at the bottleneck of a trade network that it's their culture that made them rich will always get you invited to dinner. "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism", by a bloke named Goldstein, may have something to say about "neofeudalism", but I haven't been able to find more a few fragmented chapters... I have been wondering lately what motivated Japan to join the Plaza Accord. (Germany seems clear: a strong DM made reunification cheaper) A hypothesis of mine is that the "Lost Decades" are only apparent aggregating over the GDP of JP, but that if we slice japanese society finer we would find that some japanese have indeed seen higher growth. Anyone have suggestions on how to go about checking this hypothesis? according to https://eml.berkeley.edu/~saez/moriguchi-saezREStat08japan.p... even affluent japanese didn't get much out of the lost decades. why did they sign? If you want germans and chinese to import your production, you'll need to raise standards to meet theirs. For pork, this has already started happening: Hormel, JBS, and Tyson are no longer taking ractopamine-dosed hogs, even though they're still legal to sell to US consumers. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Space_Merchants for a 1952 prediction of where "the consumption based economy" winds up. the original CNN article is not far removed from the initial attitude of the protagonist... looks like reserve requirements are currently 0% https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm You can start shorting chinese real estate: I was just reading the other day that WTI going negative had badly burned many chinese retail investors. (as for germany, I'd call that an argument against currency unification ... but that's an entirely different thread) If a country saves too much forex, one can slap sanctions on them for being a "currency manipulator". If a firm saves too much cash on hand, one can find a corporate raider (which the germans and chinese also have) to make a hostile LBO. However, for thrifty households, there don't appear to be any similar sticks, only carrots. How would you propose to incentivise german and chinese households to consume more than they do? S'pore ought to be glad that all the US wanted to do in a recent trade agreement was ("for medicinal purposes only", of course) sell chewing gum? cf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course (I am still seeking an explanation for Japan's signing of the Plaza Accord that doesn't rely on calling in favours from the LDP. Anybody have one?) Maybe we should look at the europeans who were rich in 1900 to see what return they had on investments in machines of war by 1950? The way I currently see it, is that Gorbi tried to change the soviet system, and in the middle of his reforms Fahd opened the taps and crashed the price of the USSR's main hard-currency export. Not sure how true this hypothesis may be, but it would explain why Putin was happy to open the taps just when Salman was in the middle of trying to reform his own petrostate... An example of layoff differences between CH and US: unemployment in April climbed to 3,3%, with the doomsayers worrying what might happen if it eventually goes to an (unprecedented) 7% due to coronavirus. (there are many other differences; eg swiss don't take their rifles to demonstrations) I was going to say that any potential hostile takeovers by chinese hedge funds probably wouldn't involve anything as kinetically hostile as the EIC's presidency armies, but a little surfing turned up 先丰服务集团 (Frontier Services Group)... What is the indian or chinese equivalent to "The Fox and the Crane"? Out of curiosity, ребята, three questions about Иван Васильевич меняет профессию: (a) which currency would Shurik have used when buying transistors (~45 minutes)? I'm assuming he would've used regular rubles if he'd managed to find them in a shop, but since he was buying from a dubious looking source (Бери шинель?) would he have needed other currency? (b) when Иван Грозный discovers the elevator (~24 minutes), is his sign of the cross period, or anachronistic? (c) as for the pen Милославский gives to the ambassador (~1 hour) ... were those available for rubles? They even have the same business model, in which users are not the customers. If you are Sylvester McMonkey McBean, you do not want to place ad impressions in groups of star- and plain-bellied sneetches who share an interest in underwater basket weaving. You will happily spend to place impressions for star-on machines among groups of plain-bellied sneetches, and star-off among star-bellied. Thankfully there are almost two hundred sides from which to choose. Il faut de tout pour faire un monde. Nie mój cyrk, nie moje malpy. Investors diversify, so we need CEOs of individual firms to take more risk than we want for our portfolios as a whole. To be worth their wages, a CEO of a publicly-traded company should be making risky slightly-positive expectation value bets; were the firm too risk-averse, it'd be just as inefficient as if it were to keep too much cash on hand. Almost all voting is mail-in here. But then again, we basically have a one-person one-vote system; from the outside, it seems your "electoral college" is voter fraud on a far grander (and far more institutionalised) scale than either gerrymandering or individual bad actors. Then again, the US is strange: we can all agree that single-party states are bad, yet the US insists their two party state is somehow better than a multi-party state? (mOzg, would you mind terribly answering my question about convertible rubles in "Ivan Vasilievich Changes Profession"? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23311253 спс!) Мерси боку ! You're right; they're bonds. compare https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iXcD4yjnYag... Шпак богач... No need to be partisan: for systematic disenfranchisement, see the Constitution, which predates the party to which you are opposed by a good half century. As far as hating democracy goes, I found some good Republican ideals here: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... "Republicans, on the contrary, are for both the man and the dollar; but in cases of conflict, the man before the dollar." https://www.theonion.com/white-house-press-secretary-trump-s... https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorification... doesn't seem to have 'unequivocally' anywhere. I am not in favor of looters, but note that https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf emphasizes the necessity of graduated response. I presume state militia units share the doctrine (Figure 2.1) that lethal response is only called for in the face of an armed threat, and that it must be the minimum response necessary. (found by googling four words: national guard crowd control; 2nd page of results) One can also check easily-discoverable recent US military policy https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347453 to discover that those who think these things through don't condone "looting ⊃ shooting". Bonaparte was a fan of the "whiff of grape" https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insurrection_royaliste_du_13_v... but we all know how that ended. The stream is like oral culture, where expressions exist in temporal sequence and referring to connections often requires indirectly shared context; the garden is like a literate culture, where expressions can directly as well as indirectly link? Both are fun and useful; I tend to gravitate to the literate side (coincidence: "garden" and "culture" both have agricultural roots) because direct linking makes it easy to discover new garden paths, whereas the oral side requires a much deeper commitment to learning a culture to catch the references streaming past. Asymptotically, I believe. There were a some people a few decades ago who tried to use training methods which had improved human running times, only to discover that horses' cardiovascular systems were not the same bottleneck that humans' had been. (bottleneck is with tendons and bones; racing breeds are already morphologically quite different from the wild types) Mark 'em up to your liking (at least that's my interpretation of 1.E.6) https://www.gutenberg.org/wiki/Gutenberg:The_Project_Gutenbe... Aloha Since 2018? Plenty of time to have run some Westlaw/LexisNexis searches in between. According to the Phase-1 agreement, China should buy at least USD 68B of US services in 2020. If they were to spend most of it on counsel, that'd be a lot of nastygrams, even at common-law billing rates. Europeans tried to ban the slave trade as early as 1815: https://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k5039693/f124.image.r (Congress of Vienna, Act XV) and the US did eventually get over slavery, so we should be optimistic and believe it may just take them some while longer to get over lynching. JFK had some thoughts on ways to resolve conflict: https://nationalcenter.org/KennedyInaugural.html but I guess not everyone was on board with "where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved". (Διογένης, I like your "bottleneck" much better than Brookings' word choice) calculemus! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_ethnicity_in_the_Unit... whites are 72% of your population but only 370./802 = 46% of those categorized shot by your police. In the short term, maybe. On a longer term, one has to ask why half the homicides? (while one is at it, why so many homicides, period?) https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smithsonian-institution/1968-... "Ultimately, going to the moon was far easier than solving the nation’s racial issues." Et que nos champions songeaient à se défendre / Arrive un troisième Larron / Qui saisit Maître Aliboron ? what's the legal distinction based on shareholder structure? (I can do my own searching if you can remember a keyword or two) I always used to wonder about Otto's line "excuse me while I fold my pants" in Repo Man. Now that we no longer have NTSC vs PAL vs SECAM, I wonder if it may have been a reference to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F68bbzOOOdY&t=38m52s ... and over on RUnet, I saw memes about US botting. Too bad we can't have a Geneva Convention on botnets or something. (I would write "couldn't", but don't believe it's technically feasible) That's why one never counts "twitter public", but real protestors. A small silver lining to coronavirus is that crowd size estimation is much easier when the crowd is on a 2m lattice. Edit: not very useful these days, but still of possible interest: http://www.gkstill.com/Support/crowd-density/100sm/Density1.... I'd agree in general. On the other hand, astroturfing is much older that TWTR (or even AstroTurf), eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torches_of_Freedom or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claque Somewhere I'd read a book on propaganda by a fellow who produced it in ww2 and finished his introduction with biblical examples of the main techniques. those exist here, in both carbonated and non-carbonated versions. (then again, we have milk-paste in toothpaste-like tubes that can be reconstituted with water; I suspect the main market for all of these are summer cabins that are both off-the-grid and not close to the road network) It may no longer be true, but several decades ago it was possible to find sugar-sweetened soft drinks in the US by looking for kosher labels. (I have a coke can next to me as I type; it is sugar-sweetened) From what I saw of Italy, the Pope was perfectly cool with waiting to congregate. The funny thing is that the US tried to install two different post war governments, one before the "fall of china", the other after: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course As for influence lasting decades after, I am still searching for a reason that the Japanese would have benefited from signing the Plaza Accord. Anyone have one? MERS-CoV, Ebola, and SARS were all this century. We only locked down mid-March, but we're back down to less than 2% of our peak and have been unlocking since end-April. Stopping the spread is easy, but it apparently requires a population that understands and is committed to hygienic measures. for reference as to "small": current Covid deaths in the US are probably over Fat Man (長崎) but under Little Boy (広島市). Switzerland. This is a safety publication of ours (not safe for vegetarians) https://www.ekas.ch/download.php?id=7869 Even if you don't read german, I think the pictures show why we haven't had the same problems (compare to an image search of conveyer-belt-driven meatpacking in, say, germany) with social distancing and meat. It probably helps that even though we are a politically third world country, we are an economically first world country: people are expensive and machines are cheap. For nerds: the slogan on the front page, «Unfall – kein Zufall!», means "Accidents are not happenstance", and the graph on p.8 shows the close relationship between improvement on safety assessments and accident rates. p.19 is also an interesting workplace safety observation, but that's a different topic. Sorry about that. I'm not sure why we get sugar* and you all don't, but it's probably something to do with the invisible hand. * just checked all the cans in my house. Six-packs in the fridge from the grocery came from the EU, and have sugar. Two-fours in the basement from the discounter came from some nordic-speaking country, and have sugar. "Nobody remembers or noticed what Reagan said" is equivalent to asserting, on a hypothetical 2056 HN, that "nobody remembers or noticed what Trump* said". * At least he hasn't said "We begin bombing in five minutes". (besides, can't have Oceania at war with Eastasia until you all get Airstrip One back from Eurasia, innit?) maybe these are the droids you're looking for? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8rQU4LC3c4 I guess the progression in various jurisdiction's* meat laws tends to go: 1. protect consumers 2. protect workers 3. protect animals * food is well labelled here. My pistachios tend to alternately come from California and from Iran; my potato chips are tracked back to the farm from where the potatoes came; and restaurants generally have the sources of their meats printed on the menu (if not, no one is surprised to be asked) Thank you for your point of view. Maybe I have just been lucky, but in my travels, I've found most people wherever in the world appreciate looking for win-win situations, just like your countrymen. However, in the "Star Wars" franchise, there is the concept of the antagonistic Sith. These always come in pairs — "one to embody power, one to crave it". When one runs across people who believe in zero sum games (or worse yet: seek a bigger slice of a smaller pie), I guess they are attempting to apply the movie concept of a Sith lord to real life. PS. I enjoyed the 1961 大鬧天宮. Orwell's "Animal Farm" starts out similarly, being a story about animals vs elites, but ends much more cynically. It is depressing, but provides wonderful insight into anglophone politics. How many months of 110% income would it take for, say, the middle 80% of US households to have accumulated 6 months worth of savings? It's good to hear that at least the beef carcasses can be processed in a wide range. One problem meat finishers had in the pandemic US was that even despite the lack of automation, packers would only take animals in a narrow weight range, so simply waiting for packing plants to come back up wasn't an option. (speaking of options, I understand there are some goods so perishable that even the notoriously imperfect commodities exchanges won't touch them: when both sellers and buyers can store goods, it's much more difficult to manipulate markets) good defensive technologies are not destabilising when one credibly has no first strike capability. (this is, of course, only an option for third world countries) Before OPEC wrested control away, the Texas Railroad Commission used to set output. (well before the TRC, Rockefeller bet heavily on Pennsylvania oil. Luckily for him, no one found oil outside the state until after he'd cemented his monopoly) Crude Rules Everything Around Me (barrel, barrel oil, you all) We both agree that Reagan/Bush were 1980-1988, right? Other than that, it doesn't sound like we had much in common. I was going to search old USENET for (Reagan|Raygun) references, but those archives seem to have gone down the memory hole. Maybe we're from different timelines? I do see an amazing number of people around with goatees. Do you know how I can get back to my timeline? Should I ask evil Spock or evil Cartman for help? Strengthening a currency seems good in the short term, but local growth comes from (a) increasing exports, and (b) substituting imports, both of which get hosed by too strong a currency. (at least according to Jane Jacobs, "The Economy of Cities". Most of her books are good, and "Systems of Survival" might even be relevant to the current US administration) Germany used the post-Plaza strong DM for reunification. Even after adding NIIP to accumulated GDP, I can't figure out what large aggregate in Japan the post-Plaza strong JPY has benefited. The (eastern) Roman Empire was cool, because it was sitting in the middle of eurasian trade. Then Byzantium fell, and merchants (and hence artisans and scholars) fled to the other end of the mediterranean trade routes (less a Renaissance than a Déménagement), and Italy was cool. Then some atlantic countries figured out how to sail to asia, and they were cool... I don't know how superior (or even effective) it may be, but the existence is (and has been) well known: lots of underground concrete sufficient for the entire population (Saint Barbara has a strong local cult). Nuclear powers (especially those who have already made first strikes) can't do this because (a) they would have to somehow retroactively do all the construction which we spent the whole cold war doing (it's much easier to put a shelter in before you build the rest of the building than after), and (b) as you point out, it would destabilise MAD. (having no natural resources worth bombing us for is probably more effective. We don't want to threaten anyone, we would just prefer to make decisions, such as those concerning our bill denominations and our central bank strategy, by ourselves) Tinfoil conspiracy theory: MAD explains why the US doesn't have decent subways :-) How deep are Warsaw's? Not tinfoil: during the US/USSR cold war, it was the west- and east-germans who were most likely to get tactically nuked. In a hypothetical Oceania/Eurasia world, I'm guessing that distinction has moved to PL and BY. Luckily for you, the current two-minutes hate is directed to Eastasia. On the brighter side: what do you think of Kongres Futurologiczny? Somehow that makes (yes, this is woefully out of context) Ты лети за ясным солнцем вслед. И бойцу на дальнем пограничье От Катюши передай привет. sound a bit more sinister. on the other hand, I'd hope in He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored He hath loosed the fateful lightning of His terrible swift sword those grapes of wrath are neither chemical nor biological. US companies aren't supposed to pay back debt (in Hertz's case, how did 2005 affect the balance sheet?) because that would be an inefficient use of capital. US consumers are supposed to spend, not save, to stimulate the economy. US government is supposed to run a deficit, not a surplus. And yet the aggregate US net worth is positive: about 5x its GDP. What sector have I missed? Shareholders also diversify over several firms — so the individual parts of a portfolio should run at riskier positions on the efficient frontier than shareholders (already the investors with the highest risk appetite) wish to have for themselves. Thank you. Out of curiosity, how long is the training for police officers in Australia? 36 weeks? (here it takes 2 years: trainees sign a contract saying they won't leave the force for a certain period, to justify the expense of their training) Off topic: I consider the '-' in my comment scores to be the forum equivalent of a dueling scar. People who won't refute downvote. Oddly enough, while attempting to say another country does (in a single particular instance, not even overall) something better than the US, only gets downvotes to negative, when I actually attempt to defend the US (some of my best friends are Americans!), the whole tree gets flagged. In US social mores, is it considered uppity to mention that other countries and other people exist? On topic: https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/chmVn/3/ 12 uses (not necessarily deadly) of a gun in 2018 would be what, 480, scaled to US population? In the last 20 years, police snipers have had to kill once. That would be twice per year for the US. That wasn't snark. As an undergrad, I was taught that households should be positive, corporations negative, and public sector balanced on average, which would balance out. Either I'm missing a sector in the original analysis above (please tell me what it is), or the "common wisdoms" expressed there are false (and I should be more cynical), or...? Thank you. So combined US assets are worth a great deal, enough so the declining equity position of (consumers+businesses+government) in those assets has not been significant. That makes sense. Thank you. Both Russia and the US have a strong tradition of "demotivational posters", shared online. I've assumed this is because both countries had the non-lamp shaded version first. Do any of you all live somewhere that has demotivational posters as a common meme, but never had the propaganda poster? Maybe there ought to be a Wikipedia page listing the "graft level" of a country (in nominal and PPP amounts, of course). In more corrupt countries, a large fraction of the population gets to use petty graft. In less corrupt countries, a small fraction of the population gets to use grand graft. From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforc... it appears that encounter-killings occur almost 30 times more frequently in the US than in India. Indian encounter-killings occur at rates similar to German or Taiwanese. US encounter-killings occur at rates similar to Pakistani or Rwandese. How much violence was there when the Polska Rzeczpospolita Ludowa became the Rzeczpospolita Polska? The US transition to end slavery (ca 1860) was very violent, and the US attempt to end lynching (ca 1960) was not without deaths. of which TALLY appears to go back to the XIII https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tally-ho#Etymology When Obama left office, he apologised to Argentina for the US involvement in the guerra sucia. I read one of Hanson's books. He recalls that he didn't like academia because, unlike his own farm, he couldn't order people with whom he disagreed off his land. After reading this article, I think Hanson probably is disappointed that there are not more lefties thrown out of helicopters, but I am not more informed as to what his counter-suggestions to "reform at the local and state level" may be. Pat Buchanan, in my opinion, was a much more convincing National Review columnist. Obviously they differ on how to get there, but can the US right agree with the US left on "with liberty, and justice, for all"? It's an excellent sounding ideal. Only if you have the same pocketbook. See the Herbalife short squeeze for how many zeros it takes and how many years it can last. There's a reason they call market manipulation "billionaire's poker". that it might become perfectly cromulent? At least Nero could play the fiddle > Can't take the mote out of your brother's eye until you remove the beam in your own. When there are sympathy protests outside the US, this is exactly what the sympathy protesters are attempting to remind you all. The US has nice ideals, eg "and justice for all" Apparently it's possible to make a futures market resistant to manipulation on the short side, or on the long side, but not both at the same time. (if onions markets are poor because they're perishable, what might that imply about wage markets?) hashing was originally invented to keep physical clerical staff from bumping into each other in front of the file cabinets CIA learned from the fall of the Shah of Iran that strip shredding is, given time and patience, a reversible operation. I never knew much about the USSR as a kid. We grew up in fear of MAD, but the iron curtain meant that we didn't know, for instance, what kids TV shows were like on the other side, or what their music videos were like, or that they also liked Winnie the Pooh and Mary Poppins, the Three Musketeers ... or played with hula hoops and skateboards. (even getting TV shows from the UK, a western country, was hard, because they were on PAL. people used to "camera copy", running a VCR to a TV on one system, and videorecording that with a camera running the other system) So anyway, lately I've been taking full advantage of web standards to see what I had only been guessing about during the Cold War. (the kids shows are still useful; I've had enough greek that I already knew a good portion of cyrillic, but learned the rest from Khryusha, Stepashka, and Philya) Full props to all the ex-Warsaw Pact countries who changed their basic political systems without much violence. молодец! Like Шарик the dog's wigwam? :) (speaking of Sharik, I enjoyed the episode where he mail-orders a gun so he can gratify his "hunting instinct") I also appreciated that кто там? кто там? sounds just like a bird... and it seems russians do still remember the show fondly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfhV0Sew0j4 From what I have seen, peering over from the continent these past 3 years, top US military officers are both less racist[1] than the general populace and more reflective[2] than the current administration. [1] Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria: "If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you can't treat someone from another gender, whether that's a man or a woman, with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you demean someone in any way, then you need to get out. And if you can't treat someone from another race, or different color skin, with dignity and respect, then you need to get out." [2] witness the USN response when Trump tweeted they should fire on sight on the NEDAJA: we retain the right to self-defense. I wish you all the best of luck and hope you all live your lives and do wonderful things. https://www.upi.com/Defense-News/2003/04/11/Rumsfeld-Looting... merci je wel! From the same book series: Guest from the future (1984) - https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086723/ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtWGKZatqTU I think Julia's grandmother knows a thing or two because she's seen a thing or two? (Wikipedia claims brits and french got this one, but we never did) even the propaganda gets recycled: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_lYBxDLwz8 (on the other hand, lots of propaganda, as in the former FRY or Donetsk, doesn't exactly seem to be the recipe for peaceful change) I would've expected a swarthier Moldovan, but maybe she's supposed to have been sunburnt from working in the vines? Maybe a museum, like in the frame story of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBnCo2SKafU ? (for context, the soviets didn't have separate boy and girl scouts — they were all young pioneers together. So today's russians apparently go clubbing in "sexy pioneer" outfits on 80's nights, much like Halloween in the US is the time for "sexy nurse") Yandex just gave me https://yandex.com/search/?text=ссср%20Плакат%20купить&lr=10... 5 pages of hits... There's plenty of Nu pogodi on youtube, last I looked. Besides, wasn't Wolf supposed to be a hooligan?* (Speaking of hooligans, do you have any idea what year this might be from? I think it's 1989: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaLa7NboOAw ) * the poor irish always get the slurs: hooligan, paddywagon, etc. Repressive systems are apparently good for humour; the jokes are excellent. My current favourite, on how important ministries wound up led by sclerotic ideologues with no clue: Chief Rabbi of Moscow synagogue dies. In atheist soviet times, party functionary, not congregation, picks replacement. Comrade Burns: Nu, who are candidates? Comrade Smithers: Well sir, we have comrades Flanders, Szyslak, and Rabinovich. Comrade Burns: Who is recommended? Comrade Smithers: Is toss up, sir. Comrade Szyslak is impeccable Party member, but knows nothing about religion. Dr. comrade Flanders has degree in religion, but not recommended by Party. Unfortunately, you have to decide. Comrade Burns: But what about —checks notes— comrade Rabinovich? Comrade Smithers: What? You can't appoint him, he's a jew! Nice to see Bradbury. We had Lem in translation, but neither Булычёв nor the Братья Стругацкие. Is there a copper pan in the upper left corner of: https://www.ferra.ru/thumb/1720x0/filters:quality(75):no_ups... ? I didn't know we had a king! I thought we were an autonomous collective. That was 1770's in power transmission. Here's 1770's in information transmission: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz8lB3y5euk In 1987, they weren't on twitter, like the US and the Taliban exchanging agreement barbs recently. (unlike in certain quarters, I think these twitter presences have allowed some grievance airing which has actually helped the peace) Maybe we can get them all to settle their differences with a dance-off on TikTok? for instance, one can use one's own app: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-trump/with-r... “The most important, golden thing in politics is a cellphone number,” said Parscale, who ran Trump’s digital efforts in 2016 before leading the 2020 campaign. “When we receive cellphone numbers, it really allows us to identify them across the databases. Who are they, voting history, everything.” Good question! I don't know enough about the subject, honestly. Would you like me to try to dig up the paper from which I got that summary? Here's Bush Jr's take on eyebeams: https://www.bushcenter.org/about-the-center/newsroom/press-r... (I haven't visited the States since his presidency, but although I found much to dislike about the man, this is an argument I could get behind) Abraham Lincoln's thoughts on party flipping: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... It takes some legwork, but both my wife and I (thanks to our parents' curiosity during their retirements) have been able to go back to the 1700's for at least some lines. Even the europeans were moving around a lot internationally, though. The portion of my family tree from the US is about half pre-Civil War, of which most were pre-Revolution. (and my father told me that, while researching, he found the Mormons for some reason have records on way more people than just their adherents. Could be useful) my cynical take: DEA has been authorized because DOD will not. B-34 et infra, p.B-6 FM 3-19.15 https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf (esp B-54) I have no idea what the most recent incarnation of GARDEN PLOT may be, the above is what I found in a quick search. But I'd hope that at this point the DOD is more likely to side with the population than other agencies, and work-to-rule if need be. Anyone know of an online copy of DA Civil Disturbance Plan 55-2? Nonsense! The US used to have racism and inequality under the ancien régime, but now it is a workers' paradise, colourblind[1] and bountiful[2] for all. [1] And crown thy good with brotherhood... [2] Thine alabaster cities gleam... Why, I bet I could stand all day in front of the White House with a sign saying "Thank you, President Trump, for my happy childhood!" and no one would turn me away. The setting is 1975, but the ideas are familiar: "There has been a substantial relative decline in American military and economic power, and a major absolute decline in American willingness to assume the burdens of leadership. And most recently, the temporary slowdown in economic growth has threatened the expectations created by previous growth, while still leaving existent the "postbourgeois" values which it engendered among the youth and intellectuals." "The system becomes one of anomic democracy, in which democratic politics becomes more an arena for the assertion of conflicting interests than a process for the building of common purposes." I've just skimmed it so far, and found distasteful their general theme that the "crisis" is that there was too much of it, and the kids would not "Respect Mah Authoritah". However, they did include a dissent, which also brings up many themes that are still timely in 2020: Appendix I.B "Excerpts of remarks by Ralf Dahrendorf on the governability study" "Is growth presumably growth of a gross national product? Is this the only kind of expansion of human life chances which we can think of in free societies?" I've heard that Jedi is an official response in Oz, but is there anywhere one can claim "Bill & Ted-ism" as a religion? A society which truly integrated their murderous cannibals would reserve bbq spots in the park for them. But no, they just have to put up with the cold shoulder. I think it was Pirrong, "Manipulation of Cash‐Settled Futures Contracts" https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/209671?seq=1#metadata_i... in further evidence for [2]: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-minneapolis-police-protes... A nice ritual (at least pre-covid) for the times and places for healthy competition and sportsmanship is to shake hands before and after, to put parentheses around that competition. "And Then There Were None", SF by Eric Frank Russell, purposely characterises the natives as not fitting into "types" and thereby creeping out the Terrans who have come to explore (and exploit?) their planet... That's a bummer. You all managed to have a bloodless revolution, then got lots of violence in return. Sorry to hear, but glad it's much better now. It was heartening to read the handwritten addition: "We all committed our lives to the idea that this is America — we will stay true to that oath and the American People". In countries where people are nicer to each other, there is less police brutality. It would take much more time, but I think more Fred Rogers and less GI Joe (or whatever their current equivalents may be) is likelier to provide a more lasting fix than any of these short-term policy proposals. WWJD? Back when the US was doing the Great War on Terror, I was pleased to hear my country's interior minister saying something like: yes, we are taking note of potential terrorism — but we are actively concerned about football fans. Why King (like Kennedy) made himself enemies: https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/ive... ... the American Negro collectively is richer than most nations of the world. We have an annual income of more than thirty billion dollars a year, which is more than all of the exports of the United States and more than the national budget of Canada. Did you know that? That's power right there, if we know how to pool it. (Yeah) [Applause] We don't have to argue with anybody. We don't have to curse and go around acting bad with our words. We don't need any bricks and bottles; we don't need any Molotov cocktails. (Yes) We just need to go around to these stores (Yes sir), and to these massive industries in our country (Amen), and say, "God sent us by here (All right) to say to you that you're not treating His children right. (That's right) And we've come by here to ask you to make the first item on your agenda fair treatment where God's children are concerned. Now if you are not prepared to do that, we do have an agenda that we must follow. And our agenda calls for withdrawing economic support from you." Obviously Dr. King didn't realise that economic sanctions are a form of violence monopolised by state level actors? Eh, les gars, le postmodernisme, c'est du XXe siècle. On est au XXIer ou bien ? We are now about as far away from postmodernism as postmodernism was from, say, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragmatism two world wars You are not alone: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcdXczfIFl9pOHZRCKCss_g/vid... has a lot of rants about raising kids in the US. (so many that I can't find the one I originally watched) My explanation for swiss voter turnout: if it ain't broke don't fix it. Two anecdotes: - the presidency rotates among members of the executive committee, on a yearly basis. Cynically, the president exists so if a foreign head of state wants to have dinner, they have someone with whom to do it. - when a referendum comes to the ballot, we don't just have to vote it up or down. The government gets a chance to say "yes, we agree this is a problem, but we'd suggest solving it this other way". Those are two options. The third (and I believe this is most popular) is "meh, it's working fine as it is". Anyway, compared to US politics[1], swiss politics is wonderfully sedate. I'd like to think that's because the politicians are here to make the country run more smoothly, so the rest of us have better things to do. Edit: and yes, we receive all balloting material by mail, and return it by mail. No problem. It works. [1] is this because there are no center parties? Q. Why is US politics like the Cupid Shuffle? A. To the right, to the right, to the right, to the right / To the left, to the left, to the left, to the left 1971 having been due to holdouts who are so conservative that to this day they vote* by physically assembling and holding up hands. (this year postponed due to the 'rona). Despite that, since 1971 there have been 5 female presidents from 3 different parties: Calmy-Rey, Dreifuss, Leuthard, Sommaruga, Widmer-Schlumpf (some having served more than once) * as they have since 1403 https://www.ai.ch/politik/landsgemeinde Education (in the french sense of the word)? My only specific recommendation I already gave above, and even that is a hypothesis. If I had an answer, I'd be proposing it, but as it is, I've taken the easier path out, by living in the place where I'd found the nicest people, after having traveled a bit. (I don't think one can make people be nicer to each other. At best, they can experience for themselves that things go more smoothly once nature is not red in tooth and claw, and decide to be nicer. That said, legislating morality does work better than one might think: it allows people who might already go along with the legislation to claim to their in-group that they still don't really like the out-group, but are only going along with the law.) By the time they get to the national level in their party, politicians generally have a track record, and don't tend to surprise. See the link zubspace gave above about collegiality (Concordance); what I've referred to as the "executive committee" is exactly the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Council_(Switzerland) As to your specific questions, I'll do some research for the details and get back to you... Tout le monde fait son truc. You speak your dialect, and I'll speak mine. (it could be worse: a local paper has a crossword with the clues set in patois) thanks for the source article; it has the same graph as the BBC article, and references https://www.cloudflare.com/galileo/ If we're coup-watching, the military has sided with the people: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23412986 That's usually a good sign. Is there any song in the US currently equivalent to "We Shall Overcome" or "Winds of Change" or "Перемен"? How did the USSR do it? Was the deal that whoever took on the debt would keep the nukes? Sounds good to me. I thought we all learned from Iraq that "Weapon of Mass Destruction" is not a super well-defined term? marine mine delivery is done by JDAM these days ... no idea how non-mobile the mines themselves may still be This puts a new light on Wuhan thanking their doctors and nurses with a big drone show instead of jet flybys. that treaty is getting close to expiration https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ICC_member_states.svg (it seems unlikely anyone should be concerned that the Vatican isn't a signatory) Holding to account: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Council_(Switzerland)#... Could you please elaborate on "remit"? I'm not sure what you mean. General information: https://www.ch.ch/en/demokratie/political-rights/referendum/ In some cultures, it's even considered rude for a table to be bare, without some sort of food on it, during daylight hours. Our germanophones are boring but punctual: their extra meals are Znüni (the 9am) and Zvieri (the 4pm). As far as I'm concerned, it's a oxymoron to eat merienda according to a clock... cf Barber, "Women's Work: The First 20,000 Years" Part of her thesis is that weaving and textiles have been stereotypical occupations for the distaff gender because they can be done in a single location and are interruptible, making them very suitable for child-rearing. But they would fight in or near China or Russia — I don't see any chinese or russian bases in Canada or Mexico. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permanent_members_of_the_Unite... Realpolitik says Airstrip One gets a better deal from Oceania with that veto; otherwise it could only hope to get treated as well as, say, Japan. (aren't you all impeding the free market by preferring unchlorinated chicken?) Have you circulated your CV recently? I had thought people learn to be very transactional through either (a) prison, or (b) international relations, but clearly I am wrong. (as to A, I know two prison guards. One of them is now retired, and he told me the speech he'd eventually figured out: "I don't care what they say you're in for. It's none of my business. I do care that we all stay cool. If everyone is cool, everything will be cool." Still transactional, but he claims everyone was mostly cool) If the English equivalent to "meet and hash things out" is "stolen fair and square", that might explain a lot about the Empire :-) Can you criticise actions/decisions among other managers, or in private with the actor/decider? No chips against Andorra, Belarus, Bolivia, Burundi, Central African Republic, Chad, Congo, Guatemala, Ivory Coast ,Kyrgyzstan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Mali, Marshall Islands, Monaco, Mongolia, Paraguay, Sao Tome and Principe, Sweden, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Vatican City, then? Odd that tacticool US police, despite copying the look, don't attempt to learn how the US military behaves: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347453 "2-54. Scalable effects concepts are a measured approach in response to a crowd gathering. By recognizing a use-of-force policy, soldiers must be taught and understand that they use the minimum force necessary. Without the appearance of a graduated response, the gathering crowd may consider actions as excessive, causing a possible escalation of hostilities or violence." Then again, even within the LE world, the information is available, eg https://www.chirontraining.com I doubt anyone contests that point, least of all Lindemann: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr8ljRgcJNM (I think we're heading for the classical Oceania/Eurasia/Eastasia split, but I could have read too many entirely fictional books in my formative years. Personally, I'd have preferred to have been in the timeline with centrifugal bumble-puppy and feelies) de gustibus... Shouldn't that be Phonosology? Miller has some thoughts on the sheepdog metaphor: http://chirontraining.blogspot.com/2017/11/sheepdogs.html (he has thoughts on lots of things, up to and including how to deescalate when one is amped on adrenaline. I sometimes think that in a more just world, he'd have been an academic intellectual, but am glad that in ours, he choose his parents poorly, and wound up working in law enforcement —due to a financial glass ceiling— otherwise we'd probably have no one who is both familiar with the problems LE practitioners face and has the inclination to theorise upon how the approaches might be improved) US military also has "up or out". Be careful with asking people to do what the law says. King (Martin, not Rodney) said[1] "[a]ll we say to America is to be true to what you said on paper". Kennedy suggested[2] a world "where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved". If he were alive today, I'm sure JFK would have half a mind to ask "how could you elect such a schoolyahd president?" [1] https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/ive... [2] https://nationalcenter.org/KennedyInaugural.html (incidentally, Earl Warren has an interesting history; he once became Governor of California by winning both the D and R primaries) The "Bob Roberts" movie has aged well. Did you eventually become ruler of the Queen's Navy? https://www.allthelyrics.com/lyrics/gilbert_and_sullivan/whe... I like the concept of Edge ::= Hard | Soft | Lost where hard edges are delineated, soft edges are blurry transitions (more area than edge), and lost edges are merely implied. Good pen & ink work uses many lost edges. I once lived in a bilingual area in the States. Depending upon how I was dressed, I would be greeted in either english or spanish[1] when walking into a shop. My experience was that people were more helpful (to the extent of addressing me as "paisano") in spanish. I suspect this is because when I was greeted in english, I was being greeted as an out-group[2] member. [1] hypothesis: if you have never learned to code-switch, you are probably a member of a preferred group. [2] not necessarily due to being classified as anglophone, more likely due to being classified as tourist. In Switzerland, on one side we had unions who said "OK, no May Day parades this year", and on the other side we had bank CEOs who collected donations from their entire management team and took part in videos whose message was "all for one, and one for all". eg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPLx4cVJW10 (Koch may be retired now, but don't think we're out of the woods yet — we're still in double digits) sars-cov-2? I didn't mind the idiots so much (here they were playing "foot sauvage"). What bothers me is that SRF2 was reporting untraceable fake news left by voicemail — which were in Züritüütsch. I'd have thought that would have been too small a demographic to be worth targeting? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow9qf5DgrVI For timing: even if we didn't pay attention to China, we saw what was happening in Italy. The government measures came late for the romandy and Ticino, and early for the deutschschweizer. https://www.srf.ch/news/schweiz/coronavirus-so-entwickeln-si... see "Wöchentliche Todesfälle in der Schweiz", and remember the red curve is with measures, the greys without. Maybe you haven't had a friend's uncle die of covid. It could have been much worse; I think we got lucky. sometimes I wonder if the cosplaytriot types are even aware that they're Googlebombing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boogaloo_(funk_dance) has the semantics I had expected for the syntax. It even made it across the Iron Curtain: https://youtu.be/QSc3uk8Q5w4?t=4881 (1986, so a bit later than 1984's Electric Boogaloo, and a bit earlier than the 1989 end of the wall) Ran into a website with creative UPC symbols recently and couldn't help but think of how the Mad staff has been having fun with them since introduction. That's funny, I've never heard that on "Classic Rock" stations; guess Top 40's gonna Top. (incidentally, "Kiss an Angel Good Mornin'" is also from 1972, but there's a lot on the Billboard Top 100 with which I'm unfamiliar. Thanks for giving me a new queue!) One of my ancestors worked for Southern Pacific (not a software, but a choo-choo, engineer). His family was able to live in affordable nowhere[1] because taking the train was going to work. Before becoming a telecom provider, SPRINT was "Southern Pacific Railroad INTernal" and allowed railroaders to chat long distance with cow-orkers without dealing with Ma Bell. And the sons of Pullman porters And the sons of engineers Ride their father's magic carpets made of steam [1] Fun fact: Coalinga was originally "Coaling [station] A", retconned to sound more spanish. The spaniards themselves usually just named places after whichever saint's day it was when they first passed through. (Thomas Guides used to show rancho property lines in southern california; many of their borders go back to the original 18th century land grants) "inexplicably removed" — if I have this correct, a big difference between here and the US is that here, freight traffic pays the passenger company to use their network. In the US, I believe Amtrak has to pay the freight companies to use their networks. (a bigger difference is that one of the things we use our supercomputers for is to calculate a nationwide multimodal schedule that not only integrates trains, buses, boats, etc., but also differs minimally from the previous year's combined schedule. That'd probably run afoul of antitrust in the US) Yikes on appropriation. I had been assuming the "Trump on a Tank" image was obviously parody, both from subject matter and from the black power fist on the tank (on the mudguard just behind the sprocket). Now I wonder if this may actually be a case of "any sufficiently advanced ideology is indistinguishable from satire"? Oz attempts to be multiparadigm; I liked their taxonomy but haven't tried the language itself. (still waiting for "ADD ONE TO COBOL GIVING COBOL", myself) The Bourgeois Gentleman Complaint tablet to Ea-nasir :-) Emma Essays Gulliver's Travels HMS Pinafore In Praise of Folly Journey to the West[1] Mullah Nasruddin stories[2] Nicomachean Ethics Panchatantra Uncle Remus War & Peace[3] [1] haven't read this one yet myself, but the old cartoon "Havoc in Heaven" was good, and books are usually better than their movies. [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasreddin , collections are probably available under multiple titles [3] much more in the book than the movie. it also looks like I should queue up Eugene Onegin. That's the optimistic angle; the pessimistic is that Helvetica grew in popularity due to its being nearly the polar opposite of a just-prior-to-mid-century use of Fraktur by a certain european political party. (Helvetia itself gained a fourth national language in 1938, due to comments made by someone who made his trains run on time; the dutch reformed their spelling in 1947 to distance their language from a neighbouring country in the same language family who they had had the involuntary pleasure of hosting, etc. etc.) Maria Ivanova tells her class at the end of the day that they should find out what their ancestors did during the Great Patriotic War. The next morning, she calls on little Johnny. He says "My great-great-grandfather was electrician: his helmet had two lightning bolts..." Edit: added involuntary, for clarity. Neemt u me niet kwalijk. From the textile viewpoint, suits are the copperplate of garments. In many cultures, traditional wear can be made out of rectangles of fabric with minimal cutting and sewing. (consider the togas from "Animal House") A suit used to say "I have so many rectangles of fabric, I can afford to waste most of them by cutting out irregular shapes and then sewing some fraction of the resulting pieces back together". (Now all it says is that I can afford the time to have someone take my measurements) They haven't even reached "brutally" yet. Dr. King advocated non-violent, economic, protest on 3.4.1968 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23414101 On 4.4.1968 they showed him the violence inherent in the system. Do you have any good anti-authority songs in your country? I've been trying to think of what might be good ones in the US tradition. In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people, By the relief office I seen my people; As they stood there hungry, I stood there asking Is this land made for you and me? But that's an ancient one... probably the kids are way ahead of me on this front? I'm more impressed that somehow Hatsune Miku was doing live concerts? Unfortunately it doesn't look like she play Wales; they'd love her there. "Mark Twain" had a posthumously published essay in which God points out that, just as one builds a boarding-house for the benefit of its boarders and not of the building, man was created for the benefit of his microbial population. A long time ago I was looking at artificial chlorophyll. About all I remember is that in comparison to inorganics, that stuff's already super wideband and detuned. (OP is definitely a cool approach, anyone know anything about last year's progress in artificial chlorophylls?) Edit: as to the effects of speeding up plant growth, we've already had several instances in history where more intensive agricultual techniques have improved crop yields, some of which were by increasing number of harvests/season. True. Also: when one is in a local maximum, bad ideas are the easiest way to get in the attraction basin of a better one. mersi — this is about the protestors, was it ever sung by them? (coincidentally, YT just suggested https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJTOD5jjac4 ) I hear the sports bettors are jonesing so hard they're even betting on what will be a dictionary's "word of the year". If they're that patient, maybe we should offer some continental plate racing? (my local mountains are actually rebounding up faster from the last glaciation than they are being eroded down by weathering — kind of the orogeny version of Wirth's Law) France also having been SECAM might explain why russian retro-80's concerts[1][2] often feature "Emmanuelle" (1974, NSFW) K7s in their "do you remember" interludes? [1] https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Дискотека_80-х seems to be the main one, but it has competitors. [2] from the 90s, but if the instigators of the US PMRC had ever seen eurodance like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-Rotic they'd have been clutching their pearls. (the retro-encrypt screen's "pour en savoir+" mdr) Is Habermas worth reading to attempt to figure out what postmodernism got right? Note that even "Ancient Aliens" doesn't ask their viewers to accept anything on blind faith. 6581840dnP Yes, sorry. Try: 6582352 dpP (at least we now know the error is old enough to be in octal) sorry, I was referring to coup-watching the US. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23412986 I'm seeing military and a majority of the media as not being with the White House on "dominating the battlespace". Am I missing other power centers? (I think the Fed would prefer to see some emphasis on addressing the pandemic) Is mimesis really the issue here? The imagination/appropriation problem is only one if one assumes the reader is naively taking the author's world for truth. If a critical reader approaches a story as revealing the author as well as the characters, a story that falls short of perfect fidelity can still be entertaining, and may even be edifying. (I often work with people who are not communicating in their mother tongue. When I spot an orthographical or grammatical "error", I try to treat that as a hint of what similar constructs in their mother tongue might be; I'm sure they do the same with my translation mistakes) Youtube probably has some DDR-era stuff, if you speak german. ("Besserwesser" is a pejorative these days for former West Germans who think they know more than the former East Germans [about what it was like]) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VKBgxOY5g8 is Sting's reminiscence[1] of how his song "Russians" came to be; having watched some USSR kid's TV[2] myself, I agree with him that the russians did, in fact, love their children too. [1] Sorry it's a video, the article I originally read has gone down the memory hole. [2] hint: YT search gives different results in latin and in cyrillic. Separating BRD from DDR will be more difficult. William Gibson was too poor to afford a computer when he started writing; he's said that cyberpunk was pure imagination, and it might never have existed if he'd known what machines were really like. product placement: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjB6r-HDDI0 (somewhere I once ran across a discussion of "Starship Troopers" the book vs. "Starship Troopers" the movie, complete with a matrix of reactions depending upon how ironically one thought the ideas presented in each should be taken) How about this appropriation? Straight Outta Surrey: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj7J7vXCf5w I am fine with it. But then again, he does acknowledge his sources: Hip Hop Was To Blame After All: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkES4anCYOw another thought: http://diafilmy.su has stuff in german, which undoubtedly is DDR-sourced. Don't know if it's indexed separately (but you might use "Poisk" to search for DDR cities to start) Not new to technological social networks. Edward Bernays wrote a couple of books on exploiting pre-computer social networks in the early 20th century. Russell once wrote "Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relatively to other such matter; second, telling other people to do so." Maths is a constructive proof that his case analysis was not exhaustive. I'm guessing the reason we had all these named revolutions is because the something that inspires the name —phrygian caps, carnations, laban signs, etc— help coordinate the perception that a minority (Outer Party members?) actually believes in Moloch. But I've never lived through one of these — anyone on HN with firsthand experience? (Yugoslavia was, I guess, what one gets when coordination is intense but not universal) grazie! I hadn't heard that one. The wobblies anticipated Portal's "The Cake is a Lie" with "Pie in the Sky": Work and pray, live on hay You'll get pie in the sky when you die, that's a lie but later got googlebombed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH6n71-zctE (it's also bleakly amusing to have learned from Youtube that Paul Robeson —up until they cancelled his passport— sang different words to "Old Man River" in the US and in the USSR) On a lighter note, it seems US kids do still sing "This Land" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRnHx3yVuf4 You're welcome. See also Todd Winn: https://www.military.com/benefits/military-legal/court-marti... Bertrand Russell was a philosopher, so he wrote about the "problem of induction." "Domestic animals expect food when they see the person who usually feeds them. We know that all these rather crude expectations of uniformity are liable to be misleading. The man who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken." Game theorists probably have a different term for unexpectedly converting a repeated game to a terminal one. The street has its own words for this sort of person. Gift. (anglophones transferring to germanophone chemistry labs may think, at first, that the local industry is very generous) I blame The Hobbit. 'By the end of [Longfellow's] life ... carping about this beloved icon was no more acceptable than “carrying a rifle into a national park.”' Just like Gibson's “The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.”, the final phrase may have changed its value in between writing and reading. Volatile literature? Living in a country where people are expensive and machines are cheap, I can attest the automation level is higher here. For instance, I often see cows at farms here enjoying automated brushing systems. There are youtube videos in english, but I don't recall ever having seen something like that in the US, even at Harris Ranch. (I have yet to witness a farmer using fully-autonomous hay feeding robots, but the ag magazines have been running articles on them) In the mid-twentieth century (IIRC) there was a "paradox" observed that the US was capital-rich but its exports were labour-intensive. Is this situation still true? > How long did mechanical looms need to show they wouldn't become sentient? They didn't become sentient, but at the time how the Quality distinguished themselves from the rabble was through art, literacy, and music, all of which were achievable (to some degree) by mechanical loomwork substituting brass for brains. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8u93VQfHmw Predation leads to optimising for speed. Calorie cost isn't such an issue if one is either getting a meal or avoiding being a meal immediately the sprint is finished. Even within ancient to medieval cavalry this tradeoff existed; the horse one rode to the battle would often not be the same breed as the horse one rode in the battle. (cavalry having arisen in the first place because a slow horse is still much faster than a fast man. infantry that can't run can't regroup) I currently believe the third-person view comes before the first-person view. There's a substantial evolutionary pressure to be able to predict one's predator or prey; even quite limited theories of mind come in handy there. Consciousness, however, isn't required — I'll argue that the first-person view is an accident: once we have a system that is suitable for modelling others, it makes sense that the creature we have the most substantial data stream on is ourselves, so we model that as well. This way around might explain why our self-awareness sometimes fails to be optimal. For how little theory of mind it takes to play antagonistic games, see Shannon's 1953 mind reading machine: https://this1that1whatever.com/miscellany/mind-reader/Shanno... (or try to play fetch with a dog, mixing two types of throws, and see how quickly it learns your tells) 33 km is much longer than I was talking about (and lends evidence to the sibling thread's persistence hunting); I'm guessing most cavalry pursuits of routed infantry would've been between 1 and 10 km. Taking world record 5k (5000m/12.58min) ~= 400 m/min versus a top CCI run (6398m/9.97min) ~= 640 m/min we see that at these shorter distances the horse has a distinct advantage. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEFeZuc3J3g Wasn't the choice between offering the brushes or brushing them manually? Around here I see that farmers find installing a EUR 2'500 brush to be much cheaper than attempting to pay cheap foreign labour to brush cows. (TIL automated pig brushes also exist) History, long form: Durant & Durant, "The Story of Civilization" History, short form: Orwell, "Animal Farm" (One of these 20th century works is an extended treatment of a bunch of animal bad apples who lie, cheat, and steal to maintain power over their fellow animals. The other is fiction)