Although I agree for the -webkit prefix implementation (this can cause no harm to the render of the web page), I disagree strongly with tweaking the user-agent. There's some features that simply cannot be tested with feature detection (the HTML5 Appcache and the tel:// URI scheme to name two of them but I'm sure there's more) and tweaking the user-agent might also break some web pages. I run a website in production where I test for the Chrome & Firefox user-agent to enable the appcache. I'm not saying that IE does not have any support on it (it's actually supported), it's just that I don't have the time to test fully the IE implementation to make sure that the user will have a web page that will be updated properly. So IE will still work but without any appcache (which is not a real issue). If they change their user-agent and their implementation of the feature is not 100% perfect, the website might not work properly. The principal difference is that the virtual machine contains everything whereas you can spawn a container for all the components of your infrastructure. - It's easy to restart a container if it crashed and container can be tested individually before being pushed in production. - An application will not mess with the configuration of another app (that's solving the problem of virtualenv, rvm and apt incompatibilities). - The application is not tight to a physical machine, a container can connect to another machine instead of the local one just by changing the routing or environment variables if everything is done properly. It's the UNIX philosophy applied to applications, everything must be as small as possible, do only one task and do it properly and I think that's part of docker's popularity. However like most things, it's not really magic and it must be designed and maintained properly to get all these benefits. I'm going to get downvoted for this but I cannot believe what I'm reading... we're talking about a nuclear attack involving inter-continental missiles. I'm far from an expert on this subject but I'm pretty sure you cannot build one in your garage on your own. (and especially not with a simple schema on a white board). One thing which makes me sad is the lack of structure of the Javascript API. Everything is now built using Javascript and the JS VM is not following any UNIX principles in its implementation. I would really like to have a UNIX-like JS API. A small example: let's say that you want to redirect the error output to the standard output. Since everything is a file descriptor on UNIX, you can just call dup2(2) and this won't have any repercussion on other parts of the program. You can also redirect any error to a file just by using this on a file descriptor you got from open (2). But in Javascript, everything is different, you have to redeclare console.error and hope that this won't break anything if some library is doing exactly the same thing as you somewhere. This is also the same problem with XMLHttpRequest and various javascript APIs. (including the File and Blob API to read files on the browser). It's not like they have a choice now, the other choice here is to shut down the company. That's also why they launched Firefox OS, they hope in the future to depend less on Google. (another french here). I sadly agree on everything said here... I would like to add that in my opinion, the main problem in France is that everything related to driving is now turned into a business. Usually the driving test is less about driving and more about how long they can keep you in the DMV to charge you money. There is not a lot of preparation to the driving test itself in order to fail the test the first time (so they can charge you after that). I've also seen verbal agreements between driving inspectors and DMV's (I guess this is easier to do on the country side). I exactly had the same idea... I would also add that this thing is going to be useless anyway because not all the websites are going to implement it. So you will have this header + the traditional blocker... It's totally unrelated but something I would really like to have right now would be a header with the average connection bandwidth (or just thresholds). This could be really useful to reduce the amount of data sent if the connection is really bad. This is totally unrelated to their code review software (I still have no idea what it does from the repository by the way) but I can't help to think from their domain ( http://review.ninja/ ) that somehow we crossed a line in the TLD business, this does not even looks like a legitimate url. I don't want to spoil their great "innovation patent" but Three.js has implemented this years ago ( http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Renderers/CanvasRenderer ). Looking at this reminds me how small some projects are when you put things in perspective. For example, most of the node.js project actually consists of less than ten developers. ( http://tomiaijo.github.io/github-treemaps/#/repository/21166... ). I don't understand, the sliders are doing nothing (Firefox 31), is that suppose to do anything ? By the way the contrast is really bad on the top menu and I have to hover everything to have an idea of the text. The last time I've tried (~ 1 month ago), there was no video support (unlike what you can see on the screenshot) but otherwise I would be happy to use it, anything would be more stable than skype anyway. Do you know any other alternatives ? (I will try to install the new version, it might work better) Yeah sure, if IE8 could display CSS properly, that would be the case but unfortunately even basic CSS is quite broken on IE8, it's not just graceful degradation. I'm not sure why I can't reply to the other comment. I also designed things on IE7 & IE8 and there is definitely some major problems on IE8 which cannot be solved magically by graceful degradation. I think that IE9 is generally fine however, if you design everything with graceful degradation in mind and the website is quite simple it should work (appart for weird borders around images sometimes, but it's fine with a bit of css). I've definitely experienced z-index bugs, floating bugs, padding bugs, display bugs (with inline & blocks) and core JavaScript bugs in IE8 which are making the website unusable. IE8 is definitely not IE9, while it's still better than IE7 and there is generally less issues, there is still IE8 specific work to do to make the website compatible. And depending of your strategy within the company, it might not be worth trying to fix these issues. (this is quite costly). It's indeed relevant. This is one of the biggest reason why monoculture and monsanto-like-GMO will never work (even if we knew how to properly create GMO, which is not the case and another subject). If you create a GMO which is targeted to kill some insects or plants, there is then a huge incentive due to the large size of the crops and the lack of diversity for a new kind of insect / plant to resist to this GMO, it would have a massive competitive advantage and could spread much more quickly. There is only a benefit in the first years you are using it until the environment is adapting itself. Yes but the size of the refugee is not large enough even in theory to cover the risks and in practice, the refugee crop is even smaller due to the loss of money by doing this. I'm not sure why you downvoted but one interesting detail is that current GMO's are not equivalent between them, unlike their traditional counterpart. There is huge differences between the same plants on the same crop and current GMO's are not stable (in the scientific term). That's what I mean by we know how to create GMO's properly with a reliable technique. This however might change in the future. It's partially related but something I would really like to have is a cross-website cache for public scripts. Around 80% of the size of the scripts is public libraries used by almost everyone (jquery, bootstrap, moment.js, various jquery plugins, angular...) and each of them is downloaded thousands of times. One simple solution could be something like this: This way the browser can have a look at the hash and not query the file at all. This could not lead to security issues since the hash saved by the browser is not the hash displayed but the one computed with the actual file. (and obviously you are only using the public attribute for scripts which are meant to be public). With this technique, the most popular libraries could be cached and not downloaded by users. The main goal of a technology like this is to help the caching of common scripts, not to cache your entire website. The only information you could have with this is that the browser already downloaded jquery from another website, that is not going to help that much. For french speakers who might not know, there is also the french equivalent of bash.org previously called bash-fr (now renamed to danstonchat) http://danstonchat.com/ , it also has a quite large community. (French native speaker here). From the developers I know (and that is still my case to some extent) people refer to the keywords as their function rather than their meaning. So when you see a 'while' or a 'for' loop, you just interpret it as a loop regardless of the original meaning of the word, it's not English anymore, it's just code blocks. But I'm wondering how it's interpreted from the point of view of a native speaker. I knew that the php interpreter was not very clever but the most surprising part is this one : There is actually a difference between "while (true)" and "while (\true)", and it's not even capable to optimize this as a standard JMP. I can't believe that really simple things like this are still not optimized in the interpreter. Yeah, I was wondering the same thing, why not just order a takeaway from the restaurant instead if you just don't want to cook, it's almost the same price and it's also pre-cooked. I also had the same problem, I've received 2/3 spams to the linkedin address in the past two weeks and never received any before. They are also passing the gmail filter which is quite impressive in itself. I feel this is a trend now with new projects, it's also the case in Node.js, Go and new Python packages. This can go as absurd as the package named "a" in npm ( https://www.npmjs.org/package/a ) which is used by a lot other packages. I also had some trouble to figure out what each package is suppose to do when using RoR. However, I would not say it's necessary easier in older languages when I see the amount of weird acronyms used in the Java world. I think the website illustrates perfectly what can be wrong with a landing page, I had absolutely no idea what the product is suppose to do. Is it a mocking api generating fake user data ? "A Simple Data API" is also to vague to get an idea on what the product is doing. (I had the answer when having a look at the footer but I'm not sure everyone will have a look at the footer). The pricing page is also really terrible, I see a list of prices for data types but I have no idea how it's actually billed. There is a small infobox on the bottom saying that I'm billed for each successful request, but that should be on the top since I had no idea what the price meant (the button is not inside the box as any pricing page by the way). It would be also nice to have a price average for the api, how much does it cost to look-up basic customer info on 1000 numbers ? I have to use a calculator to answer that. (By the way does it work outside the US ? I can only see US phone formats and zip codes). I see absolutely nothing interesting here, it's just an error management with an error list. I'm pretty sure that I have similar handlers in my own code too. You can even find this pattern in strerror.c which is handeling errno.h [1]. this is a really old concept. [1] http://opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-926/libiberty/str... I don't really know what will happen with this case but cases like this are the reason I never try to contact anyone on security flaws. Sometimes just when browsing the web, I click on a wrong link or a button in an unexpected way and I see what must be security flaw. When you studied a bit in this domain, you _know_ that there is something. I never tried to contact anyone anyway because I have absolutely nothing to win. After all, if their server is exploited I'm not liable in any ways but they can try to sue me if I contact them. We use OneDrive for business at work (I'm not sure it's exactly the same as OneDrive under the hood though) and I can't say I had the same experience. - There is no Linux/OSX client unlike DropBox (the OSX client only works for OneDrive and not OneDrive for business) so it's unusable with servers or environments with a lot of OSX machines. (so most enterprise usage) - There is a list of approved file types and if your file is not on the list, it just refuses to sync it. This is really annoying because I need to create zip files all the time to bypass this bug. - OneDrive modifies certain file types (like word document but also others) to add metadata on it so you never know if the file you are getting is exactly the same as the one you synchronized. - We experienced bugs in the permission system which destroyed couple of files (thankfully we had backups). The only positive thing with OneDrive is that it's integrated with Office 365 (it's the equivalent to Google Drive for Gmail) so you can preview files directly within your web browser on Office 365 (when it works because sometimes you just can't). I would have a choice, I would return to Dropbox without any hesitation. React is not really like Angular, you can use it to improve a page by adding new components, you don't have to use React for everything like you would do with Angular. But yeah, I'm not really a huge fan of the template system either and the whole jsx thing is not really convenient. Looks nice but it does not work for me, it seems to load forever. By the way, I've noticed a small bug, the website seems to try to load http://localhost:35729/livereload.js so you should check your sources to modify this to the production URL. This is really interesting ! I'm currently working in my company heavily with offline html5 features. The assumptions are not really the same as this framework on my case since on my case the app will probably be 95% of the time in an offline mode. I've created a small library which is making the html5 manifest much easier to work with so I can put http headers like commands inside it. The client is checking with an interval to update the app and there is a built-in loading bar to show the download. This supports also an additional client-side api to make things easier. Here is a gist of how it looks like currently : https://gist.github.com/alex-min/1bbc304ad9b96bdf5c96 I think I could see if I can open-source it if that's interesting for some people. But this library seems really nice, I will have a look since the synchronization of objects seems really well done. (from the demo page). I agree, and the blurry image weight approximately 678KB (~88% of the size in bytes of the whole page). I'm sure there are less costly ways to create a fake page or to show that you are not allowed to view the page. I really don't understand how it is a problem, these options are surely useful for a portion of the userbase otherwise they would not be displayed. I'm pretty sure people browsing with a 33k modem connection would enjoy disabling images so everything could be faster and you can find examples for any item of this list. All these options are under the configuration menu anyway so no inexperienced user are not going to go in this menu anyway... I don't really see the point this article is trying to make. "Street feeding is one of the worst things to do, because it keeps people in homeless status," Oh yeah sure, they're homeless because they are asking for food, that's their own fault for staying homeless and not the fault of the society. This is very convenient. Or maybe they just go to food sharing programs because they are hungry and that's their only option ? Who knows... I'm quite disappointed by this presentation, I see only new syntax everywhere for approximately zero benefit. There is not even any mention to the Object.observe integration which would be the most exiting feature to improve Angular apps. Angular looks and feels now like a Java framework, with ugly decorators and bloated APIs, that's really sad... The quality automated translation is not really there yet and Google translate won't have the context of your app anyway. There is also lots of other small details on how people are going to use your app. For example in some countries, the last name is supposed to be put before the first name and if you put it the other way around, you would still have ~15/20% of people which would put their last name on the first field anyway regardless how it's labeled. That is a very good list. I would also add to this list that unlike what people think, numbers are not necessary following each other (they can be completely random), the even/odd rule might also not be respected and the building number can also contain letters. I'm taking advantage of the fact that there's a few Mozilla developers around to say a big thank you to the team. I've never used most of the features of the developer edition except the console and everything is great on this developer edition. I'm a proud owner of a Firefox OS phone and the simulator is really good and fast, I think I'm going to make an app or two during my spare time ! A big thank you to all the team for your great work ! I feel exactly the opposite, I've downloaded the Developer Edition which they released a few days ago and I've never seen a browser so fast, it feels much faster than chrome on my machine, I can't wait to have all the beta improvements merged into the standard version ! I guess you are living in a parallel universe. The fact that the president is issued from an ethic minority changes absolutely nothing to system. The power is still concentrated in a few hands and lobby groups are dominating everything. As we saw in the past few years, even in a "nation of laws" as you say it, the laws are only in practice mostly applied to constraint the freedom of citizens (Is the massive electronic surveillance done by the NSA is just to make sure that everyone is a good and loyal citizen ?). Isn't crypto.getRandomValues created just for this purpose ? I've also done some JEE quite a long time ago and I hated every second of it. I'm not sure however if my experience is representative of the the Java community. There is no problem with the language itself nor the VM which is also working quite fine (while taking a lot of RAM). But I really have a problem with the community, everything seems over-engineered and super complicated in Java, even with simple things. Nothing works by default, you always have to include stuff here and there, write one or two xml files before anything would work, I'm fine with configuration but I should at least work by default. Maven is a nightmare to use, it's so complicated I would generally not use it. I would just like a package manager which is only doing packages like any other language. The main problem with the Java community in my own opinion is they are building pyramids while other languages are building stuff out of bricks, it's the opposite of the UNIX philosophy. I would probably be interested (we are selling connected products in my company) but unfortunately there is no screenshots so it's hard to figure out what the company is exactly doing. I subscribed to the mailing-list anyway just in case. Could someone of the company provide some details on what the product is doing ? (if the OP is from the company), it might be useful to other people. Thanks, that's really nice, I'm looking forward to test the product ! Indeed, I believe that is going to happen this way. But in the same time, it's a strong signal to avoid to do software related business in Russia. The blocking works both ways. Just look at what happened in China, they do have their own tools and networks but almost nobody is outsourcing work to China compared to other countries. Yeah but this is an artificial construction which only exists on paper, in reality, Google is indeed making profit in the UK, that's the point. I also agree, the only way I would use environment variables is for global configuration like HTTP_PROXY for example, otherwise I still prefer arguments, at least there is no surprises. The only way to force a reset is to query the manifest and receive a status not equal to 200. If your application is stuck to an old version, this is the only way to update it. And Firefox is considering the manifest as a normal cache so you need to put a lot of http headers to prevent any normal cache otherwise Firefox will never check any updates. When I read articles like these, it always makes me sad to see the amount of incredibly complex technologies dedicated to advertising. I hate to be that guy but I'm sure these resources could have a better usage. Yeah I know... It's even worse than that actually, since advertising is not a zero sum game (if you have two companies with 50% market share, they will get less compared to a company with all the market), any alternative would just decrease significantly the value of advertising and therefore, no alternative can emerge. That is why there is no option to pay for Google services instead of the tracking. I don't think there is any solution to this, unless the share of AdBlock users would reach a tremendous level. I also have the exact same opinion, unless the company is fixing their terrible policies, I just won't develop anything for the iphone, the risk is just too high to work on iOS. I would more refer English as "the language to communicate internationally" rather than "the international language". The distinction is quite important actually and people speaking English as a secondary language are generally dealing in some way or an other with international business (this is also the case of computing). The proportion of secondary language is really unequally distributed. When you go out of these domains, the number of speakers drop really significantly. The truth is most people will never speak English in any ways because they don't need it on a day to day basis, the real world is not exactly reflecting a business lecture where everything is international. English is not a native language there, it should be obvious that most people can't/won't speak English and English can be used only when you can't speak the local language. It's not unique to France but also the case of Spain, Italy and most non-English speaking countries to be fair, the world is not only made of English speaking countries. It depends on your point of view, I could bring up similar arguments with Chrome. There is still no way in Chrome to open more than 25 tabs without the tabs being so small we can't see them and the Settings page of Chrome is not an example of clean UI either. And what's the alternative ? The world is not the United States, in most countries of the world, there is simply no legal way to get a movie/tv show on the Internet. I'm not even talking about 3rd world countries here, Netflix (the only service which is good enough to compare to Torrents) just barely arrived in Europe and their list of movies is so poor, it's not even worth talking about it. Torrents are not working only because it's free but because it's the easier/only option in most places. Actually that's not true anymore : http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0039.html . All the answers here are really good. I would just add some advice for your new job (if you choose to change) : Always ask for a detailed presentation of the product and the current work in the interview. First, that is showing them that you are interested in the job and everyone like talking about their work but even more important than that, they cannot hide anything. You will see instantly from what they do currently and how they present it which type of company they are, you will see any management issues, how good everything is done and how they care about their product(s). Nothing can be hidden this way. As a software developer you have a tremendous choice about the type of company you will work, so life is too short too work in a company you don't like ! I would be really surprised if this kind of software could be used accurately in any way. Especially on the vocal recognition part. As any kind of neural network technology, vocal recognition needs a lot of training input to work properly. As the web is primarily a text-based medium, this kind of technology works very well in languages where the spoken language is close to the written one (that's why it works quite well in English for example) but it's going to be really hard for languages where the spoken & written forms have taken a completely separated route. There is still no Android app so I'm not sure we can consider it as an alternative. They are not playing on the same market, node-webkit is about creating native apps with node + webkit + web technologies. As an example, Popcorn Time is built with node-webkit. Everyone is saying that North Korea is a bloody dictatorship where people are starving to death. Medias, scientists, tourists who were there (yes, you can actually go there), geopoliticians, ... There is just some evidence everywhere. There is no conspiracy about North Korea and this has nothing to do with capitalism. They have giant statues of their leader and a massive painting of him in the most prestigious place of the country. On official articles, the leader is mentioned everywhere. They manufacture 'pins' with the face of the leader on it and everyone is wearing it. There is painting of the leader in almost every house. (do I need to continue ?) Not to mention the democratic problem of having 10 people weighting so much into the balance. Every web developer I know is using Sublime and all the videos you see on Youtube about frameworks are also using Sublime. So it's clearly one of the favorite text editor here. You can downvote me if you want, just have a look on youtube tutorials on web/javascript frameworks and see for yourself. I does not matter until you are a journalist investigating on some issues with the country, it happened multiple times. It will be the same problem as with current DRM techniques. It works now because it's still not fragmented yet. You will have your content available with your computer with particular updates and browser versions and for some reasons, it will never work with some combination of hardware + OS + driver + browser + country (especially with phones) and the result is people are going to pirate it anyway because it just works all the time, as always. I hate to be that guy, but when you see the twitter account, you only have some reports of tweets like this, that's not how the situation is going to be improved. I agree it's outrageous to see people like this, but their twitter account is effectively completely useless to promote their message, I have to scroll down ~100 tweet to have something useful about video games. Their twitter account is effectively doing some publicity to this kind of message by posting only this kind of content. Please do a constructive comment instead of downvoting me, I'm not posting any spam here. I just fail to see how only posting this kind of tweets is going to promote their cause in any ways, just have a look at their twitter account. Sadly there is just no way to prevent a language to evolve, even with an official language body. As a French speaker, they tried that with a very conservative body which is deciding what is good and what is wrong (Académie française). The result is that the written language is now separated from the spoken language and both evolved separately. (that's also why the vocal recognition in French does not work well but that's another story). So the alternative is much worse than just accepting that the language is changing. If you want to install extensions on a mobile device, there is no much choice. It's just that you can resize everything while still keeping the same portions with the A* paper while with the US formats you just have to redesign everything. Yes exactly and from my experience it's really the best browser available on Windows XP. I've even seen myself a Windows XP with Firefox installed in a shop just a few days ago. I also have the same problem for the repaint window on Chrome, it's a really annoying bug and I have to close it and re-open it every time I lock my computer, Chrome simply cannot work properly when I unlock the computer again. For people complaining about the memory usage and using adblock, uBlock really solves everything, it's really night and day. Steam is bringing so much money to the company, I guess they no longer feel the pressure of publishing new games and new concepts like in the old days. They just release a few hats on Team Fortress from time to time and work on fun projects in the mean time I imagine. If you want to improve the quality of Firefox, there is a simple way to do it, just download Firefox Beta for Android and Firefox Beta for your computer, it's helping them to improve the quality of the stable releases. It's a really easy step to help Mozilla without changing anything to your habits. High salary yes but until you get in a jail for a random reason and then it's just a number on your bank account. There is not only the privacy inside Facebook but also outside facebook. People are generally aware of what they give inside Facebook but I'm not sure most people expect Facebook to store their entire web history with dodgy techniques. Yes exactly, the like "button" is in reality an IFrame. And there is also Facebook Comments and Facebook Connect. There is no proof that they are keeping the full log as far as I know but since their advertising business is eager to get more information about their users, there is a strong incentive to do it. In any case, they are probably logging every request to Facebook so they could use that in the future if they wanted to. I also use this one, it's really well done and works very well. currently everything is in plaintext so having to do a man-in-the-middle to read what's going on is already an improvement. Yeah, I can confirm this comment... We are using OneDrive for Business for various reasons, I strongly advice to stay away from OneDrive for Business if you can... I sadly had the same experience as this guy. I guess when you are a standard user browsing the web, everything works fine on windows, but if you are a web developer it's just a nightmare. There is always something to install which is not there, I have to install tons of drivers, Putty, WinCSP, a decent terminal (cmd.exe is just unusable), WAMP, python, various python libraries, perl, node.js (lots of front-end tools needs it now), Cygwin (otherwise it's impossible to do anything with the base programs), wget.exe, 7zip, notepad++ (the built-in notepad does not handle newlines properly), git, setup bash aliases, emacs, Firefox ... (the list can be expanded). So yeah, you can code on Windows, but you are basically fighting with the system all the time to install everything you need. I've seen a radical effect on the usage Talk due to this. Only my tech-savvy friends would use Google Talk previously and the others would use Facebook. Since the push from Google to use Hangout, nobody I know is using Hangout or Google Talk anymore and it looks like everyone switched to Facebook/Whatsapp on my contact list. I don't even open the chat anymore. I'm quite curious, why document.write is so hard to implement compared to other methods ? Is it not working a bit like innerHTML ? Actually there is no evidence of this, a good proportion of of the food produced is actually used to feed animals which is the most inefficient way to produce food. Just by eating less meat (which makes sense because we are not supposed to eat so much meat), suddenly we don't need to product so much. The actual price of the food is so low currently that what you pay in a supermarket is mostly the externalities. Switching to cleaner methods would not lead to starvation providing that we would eat differently. Yeah, that's the main problem I guess, the system is providing people what they want but not what they need. It works like any other market, the consumers want cheap meat so the industry is providing cheap meat. The whole industry is then shaped to solve the wrong problem. They don't even need to fully switch to vegetarianism for it to work but they need to understand that eating meat once in a while is healthier and more reasonable than having a diet based on eating meat every day. That's mainly an issue with the poverty of the English language, in most languages, they are categories of criminals and they are called differently. Oh yeah sure, there is tons of words to describe criminals, but the problem is the word "criminal" itself works for all of them, if you look at the news and how people speak, you never see those words, you only see "it's a crime to do something" or "this guy is a "criminal". It depends, sometimes the words they invent fit quite naturally into the language and people tend to use them and sometimes they just invent something unpronounceable and obviously nobody is using those words and use the English word as a replacement instead. Sometimes they are even counter-productive. People are not using the English word anyway and they want to replace the French word people are using with another one. Example: instead of 'offline', the academy recommends '(mode) autonome' but people are already using 'déconnecté' or 'hors-ligne' instead, so it does not make sense at all. (French here). The only one I can think of is that a lot of people are saying "La WiFi" (feminine) instead of "Le WiFi" (masculine). For some brands, it can also be quite random since all the game consoles I can think of are using the feminine gender. Maybe that's part of the issue, websites don't needs 5MB worth of images to look good. The article you linked is saying the opposite of what you are writing here, look at the second paragraph, some restaurants are indeed doing it. You need this consumers laws because otherwise some people are going to take advantage of it, that's how it works. Even in Rocket Internet, the value is mostly in the execution, they have the resources and the expertise to copy any kind of project and they can create a whole team from scratch really quickly. And they are not going to spend anything on an unproven idea, before being copied by Rocket Internet you have definitely more important things to worry about. I will just mention Sysdig for the ones who don't know about it already ( http://www.sysdig.org/ ). It's really the swiss knife of monitoring tools, you can have any kind of information you can think of. If you have not already installed it, give it a try ! Yes exactly, and if I remember correctly (my C language memory is starting to fade these days), there is even a flag to reuse the same socket when the program open again (SO_REUSEADDR ?). Keeping a windows machine virus-free/crapware free is really really difficult. There is always something which is installing something else. The best I've found to manage it is to check regularly using Malwarebytes and using Glasswire to monitor the network connections, but yes, it's far from ideal. That's the point, botnets are not mainly composed of computers used by technical users. I've worked on this kind of device. You can rarely use them directly anyway, you need some kind of reverse-proxy/caching to use them otherwise they will crash if to many people are connecting on it directly. Anyway, these kind of device are rarely connected to the outside world so on the worst case, HTTP is still not a problem on an internal network. (French here). This was quite expected, the government slowly adopted more and more laws to restrict freedom and to watch everyone during the past ten years, this is not the first nor the last law, this is just another step for the next law which will be even worse. The government is even censoring comments on social media about the law when it's not going in their direction (I'm not even joking). The French democracy has been completely broken for a long time and a few relics from the past are still working now. The times when the country was called "the land of the human rights" are long gone. I see a few people trying to contact their representative but it's already too late, the democracy is gone, forget about it, it will just slow things down a bit but that's all, the politicians in power are too corrupted and the system too broken for that to work. The best solution now for us now is the technical one, to prevent them to do it. But even that solution is temporary, one day or an other, when they will start to attack random citizens, things will have to change... as the quote is saying, "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.". Excuse my curiosity unrelated to the current topic but I'm about to deploy a small scale hybrid (desktop & web) application using PouchDB. I have strongly unreliable networks (3G networks with entire days where the app is offline). The nodes are owning their own chunk of data so there is no risk of conflicts whatsoever, the main goal is to sync as soon as they can. PouchDB/CouchDB seemed clearly the best fit for this kind of unusual application. Did you encounter any problem with it ? Or if you can share your opinion on this technology after using it. As a french guy living currently in London, I clearly agree. I hope Paris never becomes a second London. If you live there you will understand why. London just lost almost all it's culture in just a few years, the London you see in movies is long gone. Just the red bricks and a few cultural things from the past are remaining but all the rest is gone. There is hard consequences to accept to become a truly global city, it's clearly not only positive consequences for the city. For Google, it's quite complicated. The problem is that Google is representing more than 90% of all the requests in France (the usage is also the same for most of european countries anyway). So we can technically say that Google is in a monopoly position for search. The problem is that it's hurting local startups and businesses there. The solution would be to break Google into smaller parts (it's what you do normaly when a monopoly is hurting the free market) but since that's impossible due to the fact that Google is an American company, the government is taking some measures to limit Google's influence. This is one of the measures, the second one which is currently being voted would be to force Google to display competitors on the home page (a bit like Microsoft's ballot screen). I guess that given the current context, they have no other option. People are not using Google because it's the best one but mainly because it's the default homepage screen. People generally have no idea what Google is, for them, Google is just "the internet". Some people are even confused/lost when they drastically change the homepage during events. Anonymous users (nicknames) worked quite well for Reddit, this problem also depends on other factors I guess. I've worked a bit on fingerprint recognition devices (using various vendor SDKs) and people clearly overestimate the accuracy of these kind of devices. The majority can be fooled with a fingerprint made by melting gummy bear with some tape to gather the fingerprint. Creating fake fingerprints is really easy and cheap. I'm also not mentioning the crappy firmware these devices are generally equipped with, everything close to metal seems to have really low quality firmwares, most of the time, you need to compensate on your side for some unfixable problems in the firmware. The main problem is TV I guess, for the average guy, these kind of technologies are completely infallible and people tend to forget that just like anything else, it's just an indicator that can be fooled / misinterpreted / badly gathered. Every time I see these posts where people claim that they will feed the world with crickets and bugs, my mind screams that's just complete nonsense. The problem in the developed world (that is where they are marketing this kind of things anyway) is that people are eating too much meat already, not that we need to product more meat, that is just the opposite. The current meat is indeed really expensive to produce in terms of resources compare to other kind of food but that's not a problem at all, it's just people are eating too much of it because it's too cheap already, that is the problem. And it's not going to be solved by replacing burgers by cricket burgers. That would just make things even worse, you could get even cheaper meat so the consumption of meat would even raise a bit. - This new trend is mainly targeted to developed countries currently. - If we divide the consumption of meat by at least five, we suddenly have much less problems. It's just a solution to the wrong problem. The problem is how people consume food, we are just not supposed to eat meat in such ridiculous quantities. Replacing meat with cricket meat is not going to solve that. I'm an not advocating on forcing people to switch to a vegetarian diet, I'm not a vegetarian myself. I just present the facts. People would be healthier by eating less meat than what they do currently, they don't need to remove it from their diet. It's great that you love it, most people love meat, I also love meat, that's why we are eating so much of it. I agree that there is a lot of loud vegetarian extremists out there but I'm not one of them, I would just like people to eat more balanced meals instead of the fast-food nonsense we have today. For me, it's the complete opposite. Coding is like learning a music instrument, it's 10% theory and 90% hard try-and-try-again practice to figure out how things works in real life. Nobody would suggest that you can learn an instrument by sitting in a class all day studding music sheets. But suddenly for programming, people create absurd degrees where you only have theory courses. I would probably bet for the second option. Google has a quite long history of keeping everything they can. The only option would be to deny the Google home page access to the Google account cookies and to add an addon to add random searches just in case. I was thinking the same thing. It depends of your needs, if you need raw performance and you have at your disposition a lot of RAM on a powerful server , Java might be a good bet. If you are building things for a normal computer, a Raspberry PI or a background service, the memory usage of Java is going to hit you badly. The problem also of this kind of updates is that they drastically affect the service during the change. It took at least 6 to 8 months for Google to recover back to the quality of search they had before the update. Now everything works fine but just after the Panda update, it was a complete disaster in terms of quality. But maybe it's a necessary evil, I can't think of another solution for this kind of problem. Yes, it's just a BitTorrent client at the end, nothing is changing on that. The improvements are mostly on the UI and the ease to find things. Same over here, it can be as convenient to use as you want, I'm not going to use a VPN to use a paying service. It's funny how people like the market when it's going like they want and dislike it when it's the opposite. The majority of the population does not want to eat GMO, everyone have their own reasons, maybe they are scientifically good, maybe they are scientifically bad but at the end it does not matter. People prefer non-GMO products, that's just a fact gathered by hundreds of polls and statistics. The only thing which is keeping the GMO business still alive is the fact that there is no labeling on GMO products thanks to the lobbies. If you really want to know if the GMO business can survive alone in a free market, just label it and see what happens, it would close the debate once-for-all. Exactly, maybe it will change people's mind and they will accept it more, or it could be just the opposite and people would boycott lots of products. But until there is a label, it's difficult to know. At least with a label, we will see instantly if GMOs are making economic sense. From what I remember, it's actually does quite complicated things internally. It does some heuristics on the file content based on some rule to determine the file format. You can also add new file formats this way, there is a 'magic' file you can add somewhere in /usr/share for that (I don't remember exactly where). And there is literally thousands of file types to test. Anyway, if you have ever coded in C you know what might happen with complex-byte manipulation... If you are just 30min away from work, you can already remove 5 hours per week assuming you work from Monday to Friday. And that's an absolute minimum, you just cannot live normally and work 80 hours a week. I don't think the employment rate of people graduating from MBAs is interesting by itself. People doing MBAs usually are not in the category of people who have difficulties finding jobs anyway. I would be more interested on a statistic showing the difference in salary between the two groups since I'm not fully convinced that it's worth it financially. I've witnessed the death of a language with my own eyes. My father still speaks the local dialect but I don't and nobody of my age does. I just know a few words of it. It's really sad to see the death of a language, when a language dies, everything dies with it, the spirit of a culture dies. And most of these languages are not even recorded anywhere, there is just no trace of it. (that's also the case of the dialect I'm talking about). However, a language rarely dies completely. Even if the next generations are not speaking it anymore, some words remains when the concept the word is describing does not exist in the new language, some traces are still there. It's indeed part of the problem. It's clearly a chicken and egg problem, because it was already engendered at the time, he did not think it would be useful (and it was already a bit out of fashion). But yes I agree. I call it a dialect myself because it relies at least 20% on french (I'm french myself). But after all, I'm not a linguist, they might disagree with the appellation. Maybe it would be a good think to document it I guess, for future purpose. There is so much more than communication inside a language, it carries a whole culture. If you only know English, I would advise you to learn another language, you will understand. Thanks for linking to this article. As a French it's a good vision of the complex environment in France today. There is indeed some parallels with the US but the culture is so drastically different and the approach to all these events is in consequence not the same. I also see people talking about racism in this thread but even the notion of racism itself is absolutely not the same and cannot be compared. For outsiders, this article is a good introduction I guess. I was thinking exactly the same, once you want to create a binary efficient format which you can query, you then have the same problems as a database. And if there is something we have learned in the history of computing, it's that databases are hard to design properly, and especially from scratch. Nothing is technically preventing the client to retrieve indexes built client-side beforehand when reading the email. The main problem is everything is currently made to make the client dumb and the server the ultimate source of truth. I was also thinking the same thing, I have to Google this kind of things all the time, acronyms like this are absolutely not useful at all to determine the exact time things are going to run. I also have the same feeling. Python is very mathematics-friendly compared to other imperative languages and is used a lot more than other mainstream languages for mathematics related projects. On Github, there is a lot of good quality machine learning and statistics projects built with Python. I still did not have got enough time to test the new updates on windows but I sincerely hope they learned by now that what work for tablets does not necessary work on a desktop machines even if the screen size is roughly the same. Not everything is related to the screen size. I remember the full screen calculator on my laptop which was a clear example of the problem. It would be interesting to see if the new dialog box is improving the number of users paying for the software, but I guess they are waiting for more data to see that. Appart for that, I have absolutely no problem paying for Elementary, in my opinion is the best Linux distribution and by far. Everything is really polished and well done. This is the perception of corruption, not the actual corruption. When it comes to the political system, the US is much more corrupt than most European countries. At least in France (since it's your example) you can't legally bribe politicians, it is not enforced a lot but at least it's illegal. In the US, financing of parties (so bribery) is the norm for the presidential election. And at least, minor parties have a representation in France, so there is a hope that the system can still change, in the US, since there is no way to have a representation of the small parties by design, only a revolution can make things change. I don't know if it's planned with the lets-encrypt tool but these things should be really be done automatically. It feels a bit like downloading manually .tar.gz files to do system updates instead of a standard update tool. A system update should update the list of recommended ciphers for OpenSSL and the webserver should just grab the list from OpenSSL directly, there should not be any need to modify any configuration file. It's really exhausting to keep-up with the current state of ciphers all the time. People are pointing out the cost of certificates but in reality, the complexity of all of this is the real barrier, it's far more complex than it should be. Sorry if if was offensive, it was not directed to your work, you are really making the web more secure with these patches so I'm really grateful ! It's just that sometimes, the current usability state of crypto just make me a bit sad. I don't know if it's your website but the text color is close to unreadable, I had to modify the color with the debugger to read it. About the content, I sincerely hope Facebook is not going to become "The Web", otherwise, everyone is clearly in trouble. Same for me, I buy on Amazon for the quality of the reviews, the fact that if there is a problem with the delivery or the product received, I just send an email an everything is solved. In order for this to work, Google will have to improve tremendously their customer service, if they are doing it like in the Play Store and Adwords, it's just not going to work. The difference now is that the amount of jobs available has been reduced so much that a good proportion of people just can't find a job. Even if you would fill all the jobs available currently, it would not be enough to employ everyone. So yeah, if you watch some TV, they are basically going to say that the lazy are unemployed but that's just not the reality. How we solve this problem and going forward is another thing. Robots.txt is supposed to be public. Its purpose is to recommend not to visit some links (it's only a recommendation). And he did not visit the link itself, he just read the comments (made for humans to read) in a public file, I don't think there is a problem here. The stacktrace is much much better in Bluebird compared to native and there are lots of methods which are not available in the native one. Thanks for your awesome work ! I guess when the WebTorrent protocol will be implemented in libtorrent, suddenly, everything is going to change. Right now it's a bit of a chicken-and-egg problem but I'm really confident your project will enable a whole new class of applications which are not possible to build easily currently. I quite agree with that statement. I can talk about the French case since I'm French but I don't know about Germany. There is a lot of obstacles for a startup that you will have compared to other countries but I would not say that firing someone is one of them, it's just that you need a reason to fire someone, you can't just fire them like this. One of the main problem for me is the taxes which are ridiculously high but the most critical point in my opinion is the bureaucracy. The amount of paperwork is so high that you need to seek for advices all the time, the system is really really over-complex, it takes ages for the administration to process stuff, the bureaucracy is really killing the country. I still discover stuff every year I did not know about, if you never lived in a country like this, you have no idea how badly it can affect the economy. The case you are talking about clearly looks like a scam, how is that even legal to ask for a ransom in exchange of not disclosing you to the justice ? There is also tons of examples of companies going bankrupt because they did not thought they would be consequences by shipping a half-baked product. It's just that sometimes you need to prioritize shipping and sometimes you really need a good product quality, it depends on a lot of factors and the business you are in. It's the usual "put everything on terrorists" argument, Snowden is now responsible of the rise of ISIS ! (and also of the world hunger ?) The last decade of war in the middle-east is just a coincidence apparently. What other choice does he have ? He asked almost every European countries for asylum and they all refused him. Thanks for putting this here ! It looks really good and it's exactly the kind of service I was looking for, I'm subscribing ! (If I can provide some feedback, the Join button looks a bit strange, it looks a bit like some advertising so I did not even see it first) I had nothing against the sponsoring in the new tab screen but this is a bit different. There is so much potential for backfire if they don't do it properly. But at the end, how is that different from Google who is also putting ads by analyzing your entire web history. The main problem is that it's quite hard to finance their business, they are trying to do new stuff in every direction to depend less on Google (new search partners, Read-it-later, Firefox OS...) but it's not an easy task. 1. I still prefer the FireFox UI since it works better with lot of tabs, in Chrome the tabs are becoming smaller and smaller until the point that you can't see them. And Firefox's preference screen is so much nicer, so no it's not a verbatim copy, they improved a lot the interface. The history autocomplete is also one of the strong features of Firefox and still does not exist on Chrome. 2. The servers are only use to find clients, the data is transiting directly between the computers with WebRTC. 3. The ad tiles are there until the screen is full (which happens very fast). In practice, almost half of the ads are for Mozilla itself (Firefox for Android, Marketplace ...). 4. And so ? What's the problem by having Yahoo instead of Google in some countries ? It provides some diversity and competition in the search market which really needs it. 5. I agree on this but it's not like Mozilla had a choice, they tried to resist up to the last minute. And their implementation unlike Chrome's one (if I remember) is going to be strictly sandboxed. So they tried to do what they could. This is really Chrome's fault here. 6. I think they did not have a choice either on this one, unlike what Google is advertising, Android is much less open than they say. A lot of proprietary binaries are needed to run the OS and the stock Android is just the bare minimum. Maybe in the future they could provide an open-source replacement to it but I think they did not have enough resources. I don't know if this quote is true but advertising in Roosevelt's times was really different. It was not a creepy tracking business tracking everything you do and traditional advertising was much less present everywhere back then. I would say that it depends of how your application is built and what you want to do with it. Sometimes it does not make sense to create a container for each part of your application. It also depends how you are going to use your application. The application might be the main asset of the company or it might just be an external self-contained tool used sometimes by a few people. How can you seriously defend the EU to the average European when you see things like this ? This kind of stories are not going to help to reduce the current distrust of everything related to the European union. All this corruption really does a disservice to the EU. Shutting down Megaupload also caused a lot of people to move back to torrents. At that time, direct download websites were quite trendy and most of the trafic was redirected to torrents after. We are currently building applications for our shops in Africa (Rwanda, Kenya and Uganda) at my current company. Kenya is not even the worst of all three, Uganda is really a disaster in terms of connectivity. In Uganda it's even difficult to get actual phone signal in most of the country. And you never have reliable Internet anyway, it works like half of the time even if you are in the few right places in the country. Building applications for this kind of environment has been quite challenging. In a few shops in Uganda, the only way to get data back is by USB keys, so you have an actual truck going there with data to send to the shop and data to get back from the shop. We are building connectivity out of trucks and USB keys. We are selling small solar panel kits in small towns on those three countries. The goal is to have a few lights in places where there is no electricity grid at all (it's a for-profit company, not charity). We handle pretty much everything ourselves there since there is not a lot of services pre-built to help you. The shops are selling the kits on payplan since it's quite expensive for the local purchase power. We are the equivalent of a car dealer locally to give a comparison. And the shops are running some software to handle all of that, so this is where my problems are starting ! :) Don't take this as a harsh criticism but I'm also building a large JS-based application and things have slightly changed since Firefox 1.0 I think... I would say the same, for English it works quite well (the quality is maybe a bit below Google but not much). But for other languages, it just does not work at all. In my own opinion, the only reason Uber drivers are contractors is because it's cheaper for Uber, there is no other real reason behind this one. Their internal policies regarding drivers are acting like they are employees anyway, they don't even decide of their price. Otherwise where is the limit between employee and contractor ? Just every company you see could switch all their employees as contractors to reduce their costs. > Is it? If this were to remain, the large majority of the drivers will not have a position to fill. It will not be viable. I guess you found the main point. If Uber would operate like a normal company, with employees, proper insurance and risk coverage for everyone, it might not be profitable. That's also the problem I have, \dt,\c just don't make sense at all and I never remember them whereas 'SHOW TABLES' does not even need explanations. It's also the same thing with the unix users, I never fully understood how postgres handles user permissions. I would say that Postgres itself is really really good but the tooling around is just not there yet. I'm glad it's finally arriving, it been working in Firefox for quite a long time and I'm happy to see v8 implementing this ! Arrow functions are so much nicer to read and use. mmmm, I haven't considered this case... I personally preferred the Coffeescript version like this: a->b http://static.pcinpact.com/images/bd/news/120599.png (In French but easily understandable) It's blank CDs and DVDs only, on this chart the tax is 35ct per CD and 1€ per DVD which seems about right. Your HN profile does not list an email address or phone number. Maybe you should apply your own advice and add some details to not be part of the "scumbag" people as you say. Or maybe you are just afraid to receive spam or be harassed like everyone else, there are reasons not to have details. Yes I don't recommend installing the Facebook app, the application is doing shady things with contacts, messages and tries to gather as much data as it can. For the Bluetooth, there is not a lot of usages today anyway and it's consuming battery (which is the main problem on smartphones) so switching it off is the best option in my opinion. From this data, you can see that reddit is stil highly dependent on the US market. The international part must be the other English speaking countries I suppose. There is still some huge work to do to have a better international coverage. (and also a good potential for further growth). Sure, it's the future but currently it's still quite far away, React Native is available only for iOS (and in a quite beta state) and the components are not fully sharable between both of them yet. But yes, I agree, I can't wait for this ! Or at least you should be able to open the windows a bit like the old buses... Android Browser is the new Internet Explorer along with the webkit engine (Safari included). I should make a blog post one day showing what you get with Firefox for Android and what you get with the Android browser. Youtube, Gmail, Office 365, Google Maps, nothing works well with Firefox for Android nowadays. Emojis are used for communicating emotion, not skin color. If the user want them to be displayed black (or even replace them with cat and dog faces) it should be up to them, it's just a user preference. I know that it's not going to change much, I've mentioned it but it's still better than nothing. I respect other people choices and that's why I need to switch. In the same way, I've installed Textsecure, even if just one person I know is using it, maybe one day, some other people will contact me through it, it does not hurt me to keep it. That's interesting, the animation seems to be slower when I'm on another tab, maybe Firefox has some optimisations affecting this. Google is also a software company with this reasoning. On my case that's the opposite, I really really liked the scrolling, it adds a really nice touch to the story. I just wish the text would have a bit more contract in some of the pictures. But otherwise it's really good, thanks for sharing this ! It used indeed to pay for the content. But the amount of money paid to the websites decreased so much in the past few years it's not the case anymore. These days, advertising is mostly only worth it for clickbait article generators. Every website with a few employee with actual content you see on the internet has at least one or two other ways to get money because advertising is not paying enough these days. They are absolutely not representative of the average website, it's a massively popular website (look at the Alexa rank) and of course advertising works for this kind of websites because you have some leverage to negociate. I'm talking about the majority here. (And even them started to try paid membership, it really tells you the current state of advertising.) This problem is not specific to TextSecure, it also exist with iMessage and whatsapp as far as I know. You can unregister here: https://whispersystems.org/textsecure/unregister I would take this opportunity to say a big thank you to the whole team, textsecure is my default messaging software and it's really well done. Thanks to all of you ! :) I would argue that's even harder for them than FirefoxOS because at least with FirefoxOS, it's powered by web technologies and you can have most basic apps without much work. Whereas with Windows Phone, you need actual developer time to create an application in the new ecosystem. It's already hard to convince people to port applications but it's even harder to convince them to redevelop something new entirely. Same for me, I'm was quite suspicious about this. Especially also that you might not get the whole spectrum at this depth and this might be problematic for some plants. Yes sure, It's really negative feedback here but the majority of users commenting there have technical knowledge as you can see in the comments and most people are only commenting when they don't like things anyway, you never have any thanks if they like things (if you ever created something used by other people, you know what I'm talking about). So we can see that technical people (including me) don't like so much this feature but it does not help to know if the average user is finding it useful, I would bet on my case average users are not even using it since you need to create a separate account, but anyway, we will see. And also, in my opinion, Firefox became a great product by trying new things. And as always, when you change things, sometimes it does not work, sometimes you explore in other directions, you need to experiment a bit. PS: Downvoting-me does not change these facts. I was using it for quite a long time and it worked well but then I made a mistake and everything went wrong. The main problem with this app in my opinion is that there is no way to reset things if you made a mistake. I have a small question here for the people who use keybase and it's been difficult to find answers for this. How do you encrypt per email address ? is that even possible ? I would like to use it for a personal project of mine and that would be the use case. (Sorry to hijack this thread, it might be interesting for other people). Congratulation to the whole team for your hard work ! You can encrypt with lots of things, for example $> keybase encrypt twitter://twitter_id -m 'message' But there seems to be no way to to it with an email address like this: $> keybase encrypt email://email@example.org -m 'message' Or maybe I did not understand something. Thanks for your answer. The main goal on my case is to use the email address as an identity (since it's currently the closest thing I have for this) and not to send encrypted PGP email messages. That's why I never really understood keybase. You can encrypt with a twitter id but not send a encrypted tweet with GPG anyway, so why can't you encrypt by email ? I assumed the most basic form of identity is an email address. Thanks again for your answer. (My opinion here, I know not everyone is going to agree). What I really would like to have, is web capabilities without design, I mean the browser should be in charge of most design. What I would like is more meaningful tags like , , , , , and let the browser handle the actual representation. CSS could be just used for rough positioning + size indication and background-color could be completely replaced by a 'contrast' tag and the browser would display the color according to the user choice or operating system interface. The website would then adapt itself to the user and not the opposite. It might be a strange (and incomplete) thought but how I see it is that the browser would deduce the color. Contrast would be relative to text. For example the panel has a contrast of 0.8, so the browser should chose a color which is readable according to the text color if we would put both on the same panel. This color could be picked from the OS design. It does not mean that it would be ugly tough since you can use pretty good designs and colors, the web would just look much more consistent. There is other countries which are using cars other than the United States (shocking I know !) and I have a car which has one. On my case in France (countryside, don't know about large cities), most small damages are not even reported at all since both driver are fearing that the insurance would increase their monthly fee so people are giving cash to each other, it's quite common. I have the same problem, before these emails would go into the SPAM folder but now even some obvious 'YOU HAVE WON THE LOTTERY !" emails are arriving into the inbox directly. That's exactly the reason why I'm not reporting anything anymore. The legal aspect is just really badly designed for this kind of situation. If I find something opened or unsecured by mistake, I just go somewhere else and don't report anything so this way I don't risk anything. That's sad because it's not helping anyone but I just don't want to handle any legal stuff. I also really recommend Firefox's readability mode (with the book icon), it works really really well and I'm using it all the time ! (My opinion here, I know not everybody is going to agree). Because it took way more than 5 years to unify the American Dollar if I remember whereas the EU wants to go too fast, the local currencies were dropped really quickly and it destabilized the public opinion and the local economy. In people's mind, the euro is associated with inflation and decrease of purchase power. The EU is also way more diverse than anything close to the United States, no one thinks himself as European, there is no European identity (yet). One main problem also is that anything coming from the EU has a bad reputation, the EU is perceived to be very bureaucratic and top-down (they are perceived to be too far from the average guy and not listening). It's not only in the UK, no-one wants to do a actually do a survey because they fear the results. It's pretty unusable for me, here is how it looks like: http://postimg.org/image/xnl2k7f1j/full/ I'm just reposting the comment I've put on the old thread you've done before: It's pretty unusable for me, here is how it looks like: http://postimg.org/image/xnl2k7f1j/full/ There is a lot of websites like this unfortunately, Gmail, Google Maps, Youtube, Office 365... Just try to browse a bit with Firefox for Android and you will see... There is some other edge cases like this also: the tel: URI protocol and the HTML5 offline cache. (French here) I'm not surprised at all. I've seen a documentary once about Scrabble competitions and the guys were discussing after the match about the missed possibilities. One guy was complaining that he could almost get one long obscure word I've never heard about which would be worth a lot of points and the others were discussing about it. The reporter then asked them what the word meant and no one had any idea. Not a single French player could explain what the word meant, it was just in the official dictionary, that's all. When you organize a Scrabble competition, you need to have an official dictionary or people start inventing non-sense words to get points. In French for example, you could add the prefix 're' (meaning again or back) to almost any verb and everyone would understand, this is just an example but it's really easy to create nonsense words that people understand from their root. And since you have an official dictionary, it's not about words anymore, it's about memorizing the dictionary.