if students could declare bankruptcy there would probably be no student loans. there are already very few private loans available to students without substantial credit history or a cosigner. how could the numbers possibly work out? to graduate in four years from a state university (paying in-state tuition) costs about $44k. a typical college freshman has close to zero assets and no credit. if they have any income, it's probably a part-time minimum wage job. assuming they don't qualify for any aid, these people need to borrow about $10k each year and likely won't pay any of it back until they get a degree. now let's pause for a moment. how many ways can you get an unsecured $10k loan with limited to no credit history? they basically don't exist. you would need to build credit for a long time before you got a limit anywhere near that on a credit card, and their whole business model revolves around loaning people more money than they should. now consider that in the US, about 40% of students fail to get their bachelors in 6 years. obviously these people will not be able to use the degree to obtain employment, and probably will not ever pay down the debt in full unless they enter a lucrative trade that didn't require the degree in the first place. if we assume that the students who graduate are able to repay the loan, they have to pay a significant amount of interest before the lender breaks even on the group of loans. and keep in mind that there's no guarantee that a student who graduates has acquired a degree that actually improves their earning potential. so tl;dr: it is really hard to offer a reasonable loan of that size to an 18yo with no skills/assets who stands a substantial chance of either not finishing or finishing with a valueless (to the market) degree. the last time you could discharge student loans in bankruptcy without satisfying special conditions was 1976 in the US. but that was a time where an undergrad degree was relatively cheap, and not many people took out loans in the first place. I don't disagree that something is seriously messed up in this country's higher education system, but the discharge exemption for student loans is probably one of the few things that keeps the system even slightly economic. like I said above, you cannot just lend huge chunks of money to kids without making any risk assessment and also allow them to default whenever. at least, you can't do this unless your intention is to lose money. if I had to have a guess, I would say that the main contributor to our outrageous education costs is the government making all these uneconomic loans in the first place. feature imo. it doesn't seem inherently wrong that the long term residents should have more say than people who may just be passing through. that said, the degree of difference could still be very inappropriate. I think we see surprisingly little of anything search related. In terms of full-scale solutions, there is basically just Elasticsearch and solr. When you look at lower level libraries available, there is very little outside the Lucene world. > the natural conclusion according to the article's tone and content would probably be some asinine assertion like China > USA, Americans/British/people from Western society are silly/irrational/incompetent, communism > democracy, etc. i agree that the article was underdeveloped, but im not sure your critique is entirely fair. the author did go on for a while about that girl, nian, and how inhospitable china was to someone very similar to him. he also hints at how warped the party's version of chinese history is. i think its far from clear that the author thinks china is superior to the west, or vice versa. > Another point worth considering is this: why do we charge anything for using the subway? It unfairly hurts low-income workers. i don't disagree with your larger point about the benefits of incentivising alternative forms of transportation, but im not sure i can agree that it is "unfair" to charge low income workers literally any amount of money to ride the subway. when you look at the operating expenses vs. fare revenue for the subway, its already subsidized by the city and state at something like 50%. the fact that you can ride on the subway for the current price already represents a substantial transfer from wealthier citizens who pay more taxes. i think there is certainly room for debate as to what exactly the price should be, and there may be other compelling reasons why it benefits everyone to make it free; i just find it absurd to argue that making such an expensive service anything other than free is unfair. i think it depends on what you mean by "meddle". you can find helicopter parents in all walks of life (although near the bottom end you may find that some parents simply dont have the time to be this overbearing), but there are good and bad ways to be involved. bad: johnny complains that he got a 'C' on his freshman writing seminar term paper, so you go to the professor to argue his case for him. johnny is stressed out because he is finding it hard to concentrate on school and find an apartment for next semester at the same time, so you take over the apartment hunt for him. good: johnny needs to find a job, so you capitalize on your extensive network of successful friends and colleagues to put him in contact with people who might give him an interview. once he gets the interview, it's on him to prove his worth. or, johnny just transferred to a new school and his transfer credits are not immediately accepted so he cant register for any useful classes that semester. the counseling people tell him it will take a few weeks to evaluate his transcript and registration will be closed by then, so he may as well give up and start planning for next semester. luckily you happen to know the dean, and the process is expedited so johnny can actually make some progress that semester. the key is to distinguish between important challenges that the kid can figure out themselves (with some work) and structural obstacles that are simply insurmountable without the application parent's resources/experience. helping excessively with the first will result in you raising a manchild. helping with the second can actually give your kid a time advantage over their peers that doesn't hamstring their development. what would it look like to solve the problem of "free speech"? im not asking you to give a full implementation, but i am genuinely curious what your vision for the internet would look like for a day to day user. > In general, progressively pricing services is a mistake. Instead, we should be progressively supplementing incomes (minimum income, negative income tax, commuter cards, etc.) until people can afford market-priced bills, goods, and fees. OP acknowledges this and proposes an (albeit vague) solution. perforce has such a janky ui though. whenever i try to do anything significant with my company's codebase, the whole application locks up for hours. i guess i need to learn how to use the cli. my theory is that one day soon china will crack down even more on bitcoin to combat tax evasion and clear the field for their own cryptocurrency. once it becomes a serious risk that major players could ban it outright, confidence might never recover. i would widen the scope a bit. pidgin is a good example of the modular, open source model that used to be somewhat common in consumer software. looking back, there certainly seems to be a correlation between the rise of Apple and the death of those kinds of programs. these days it seems like only products that target developers follow that model. personally though, i think it was the transition to mobile that really did it. almost overnight people's expectations for UI design got way higher, and most of them don't really care about modularity or open source. they just want something that mostly works and looks designed. aesthetic appeal has never the strong point of OSS. > The only purpose I can imagine is to foment social media outrage and drive clicks and advertisement impressions. economics drives everything. we need a different incentive structure for news, and the readers are probably the only ones that can effect change. the founder was basically saying that, if he somehow knew before the fact that you were good, he would hire you. he certainly would not just hire an arbitrary college dropout. it's essentially a vacuous conditional that sidesteps the fact that a college degree is widely considered a signifier of some minimal level of skill and will of course be one of the primary ways that applicants are evaluated, unless they somehow have substantial work experience at the age of 20. or just a faraday cage. although cars and computer systems are both examples of "technology", the way we appreciate them is very different. we consider computers mainly in quantitative terms: cpu speed, memory size and bandwidth, etc. if computer A compiles and runs my project just as fast as computer B, I don't really care what's "under the hood", or whether it was made by an artisan or in a factory. I don't care what it sounds like either, as long as it isn't loud enough to annoy me. while you can certainly compare the stats of different cars, the story on paper doesn't come close to describing what a driving enthusiast really cares about: the qualitative experience of driving the car. when selecting a car I don't just buy the best 0-60 time in my price range; rather, I seek to optimize some holistic measure of drive quality. to grossly generalize, I find that most tech people have a quantitative mindset. they feel most comfortable in decision spaces where things can be compared using objective metrics and an authoritative answer can be reached (at least theoretically). tech people spend a lot of time developing quantitative skills, so it is easy for them to get involved in these types of discussions. I think this explains the bulk of why tech people just aren't that interested in cars; they don't really know how to get involved in the conversation and they don't see why they should. I'm not trying to say it's black and white; enthusiasts certainly care about the design of a computer and stats for cars. however, I do feel that car enthusiasts have different priorities than computer geeks. I personally am way more interested in computers than cars, but I do feel that cars are more "emotional" possessions than computers. some laptops are ugly and made out of plastic, while others can be quite attractive, but my selection strategy is always to filter out the downright ugly machines and then compare the others component by component. my process for cars is pretty much the reverse; I want one that exceeds some bar for performance and then I will pick the one that feels best to drive around. my car is far from the fastest in its category or price segment, but imo it is definitely the most pleasant to drive. my desktop is a bunch of high end parts inside an ugly leet gamer case that I bought ten years ago. if you can't advocate for yourself or defend yourself, any freedom from fear or human dignity afforded to you is a happy accident. it may last for a while, but what will you do if things change? i concede that the sea may change for guns sometime in the next century; they can make things very chaotic as population density increases. still, i maintain that freedom of speech is a necessary, if not sufficient, condition for a stable and free society. I don't disagree that this type of advertising is unsavory, but I do think it is a bit simplistic to call people like the author victims of evil oppressive Instagram and call it a day. I notice that in today's society people make an awful lot of demands on the services and apps they use, while not directly paying for hardly any of what they consume. Facebook/Instagram definitely has a lot more power than any individual user, but it doesn't have more power than all of its users. If people were offended enough to actually walk away from the platform en masse, I bet we would see substantial reform pretty quickly. The "if you don't like it, leave" argument is cruel when applied to cities, countries, or essential services, but I think it is pretty fair when we are talking about totally superfluous apps that don't even cost anything. Maybe some people actually agree with the sentiment of the article but are disappointed that no one takes any real action. Almost everyone I know hates these kinds of ads and the way social media uses our information, but all they do to combat it is write blog posts and comments about how they wish it were different. I think its pretty clear at this point that nothing is going to change if all we do is talk. Facebook knows that a bunch of blog posts are really no threat to its bottom line. So I think its not unreasonable to ask why people are unwilling to boycott services that they criticize so harshly. > What do you find annoying in it specifically? not OP, but when people say rust is annoying they are almost always talking about the borrow checker. coming from c or c++, which allow you to play fast and loose with pointers and types, it can be frustrating to find out that a lot of stuff you would normally do in those languages is not permitted in safe rust code. the flip side is that, once you get the code to compile (in safe rust), you are guaranteed not to invoke undefined behavior. of course, you can just use unsafe blocks if you really need to play around with raw pointers a la C. my apologies if you already understand rust and my explanation was very obvious to you. i absolutely see it as a benefit too, but i admit it annoys me sometimes. i would love to get paid to work with rust. if all you care about are relatively simple queries in english, clucene or lucy could probably work for you. AFAIK, there is no native C/C++ library that comes anywhere near modern lucene. for me the killer feature is that you get analyzers for many different languages out of the box with current lucene/elasticsearch. the term "trickle down economics" is to the right as "political correctness" is to the left. both terms were created as strawmen to smear the other side's position. I assume it means accurate to the last digit of the representation, not the number being represented. obviously the latter would be absurd to suggest. I do share your appreciation for simple, static pages that get the job done, but the layout on this site is totally messed up for me, totally unaware of dpi I assume. > anti-ADHD awkward way to put it (although i dunno how else to describe them), but i think everyone knows the students you are talking about. these people are the reason why highschool math/science is hell, and you can't get away from them by taken honors or AP courses. I think, when you have the time, it is always worthwhile to dig into the nuance of a particular issue. whether you have time to dig deep into the intricacies of le sophisticated gentlesir's stunning new devil's advocate argument about racism is ultimately a personal decision. > at basically no point does he do anything really morally reprehensible not explicitly, no, but just consider the scale of the two death stars and how many people must have been on board at the time of their destruction. we can assume that it was military personnel only on the first one and therefore "fair game", but hundreds of thousands if not millions of people still died by Luke's hand. the second death star had not yet finished construction at the time of the battle, so there were almost certainly construction workers still on board, and many of them may have been civilians. this time it was not directly Luke that killed them, but he seems to support his friends wholeheartedly in their plan. I'm not trying to argue that the rebellion is actually the evil side here, but when you look past the surface it is hardly black and white. I spent much of my teenage years playing video games, building/overclocking computers, flashing roms on my phones, and devouring wikipedia. my parents were concerned that I was spending too much time online but I'm glad they didn't try to intervene. I was learning tons and by the time I got to college pretty much everything in the CS degree was trivially easy for me (except some of the formal math stuff). on the flip side, I am quite certain that most of my peers spent their hours primarily on youtube, facebook, and aim. they seemed to take pride in how little they understood the workings of their entertainment devices. today I hear a lot of parents talking about how they are putting off getting a family computer/tablet for as long as possible and how they intend to severely limit screen time once they finally get one. it makes me sad to think that these children will miss out on all the great learning experiences I had with my computers, but I'm not sure the parents are necessarily wrong, especially with the current buzz around social media and mental health. I feel like english does not provide us with effective words for discussing this topic. unless you live alone in a cave, what other people think of you is important. it is exceedingly difficult to succeed in the modern world without cooperation, and people will not help you out as much or at all if they don't like you. this means you really do need to care what others think. that said, it is common to conflate this sense of "caring" with the deep seated need for external validation that many humans have. most people enjoy being appreciated by their community, and this is fine, but I think it is very important not to be overly dependent on this. ideally, one's self worth would come primarily from within. > Isn’t the best choice for the privacy conscious to set up a VPN on a machine they themselves have physical control over? perhaps I am missing something, but it seems like having physical control over the machine breaks several important use cases for VPNs. if I understand correctly, the privacy that you get from a VPN comes from encrypting the traffic itself, hiding your actual IP, and mixing your traffic with other clients using the same exit point. although it is a matter of record that you are a subscriber, no intercepted traffic can actually be traced back to the IP you own (assuming your provider doesn't keep logs, of course). I don't really see how these qualities could be retained by operating your own VPN server. unless you are doing some black ops shit, your identity would have to be connected to the VPN server itself, so the fact that it masks your computers IP doesn't matter. plus you probably don't have many other people using your server, so you lose that plausible deniability. I would be quite glad to be corrected, as I certainly don't love trusting my provider when they say they don't keep logs. > Taxes on corporate profits are generally seen as reasonable in the abstract actually corporate taxes are a pretty controversial topic among economists. it's not considered to be a particularly efficient tax, and it is unclear who ultimately bears the burden of the tax. although the format is similar, reddit and HN are very different sites, and imo that's a good thing. when i visit HN, i expect the articles to be topical and for the discourse to be informative and interesting. somewhat amazingly, my expectations are usually met here, which makes the site quite a gem. at the same time, i don't always want that. sometimes i just want to see a true train wreck unfold in the comments. in a way i even appreciate the donald trump and hate subreddits. if there are ideologies spreading that can impact my life, i would prefer to go to the source and read their actual words than have the ny times regurgitate them to me. there are benefits to the hands-on moderation and the wild west styles. the only optimal solution is having a wide range of choices. there are still a lot of pain points if you have a 4K display. otherwise it's mostly fine. text size is easy enough to change; i do love how it renders on a 4K display though. im really talking about dpi scaling though. there are still a fair amount of apps I use frequently that don't do a good job. the recent qbittorrent update looks horrible for me. some electron apps have awkward proportions but are still usable. jail is pretty bad, but it's not infinitely bad. that is, there almost certainly exists a sum $X for which you would be willing to go to jail for Y duration of time. if you're struggling to stay afloat and have no credit/assets, a short time in jail is way worse than bankruptcy. on the other hand, if you've worked as a SWE for a few years, loosing all your money and having terrible credit for years is pretty awful. you're broke, so you can't buy anything outright, and your losses are compounded by the fact that you pay much more interest on things you buy on credit (if you can even get financing at all). it's not hard to see that this could be worse than a short time in jail. it all depends on the length of the sentence and your total losses from bankruptcy. > parents often live in communities that don't pay taxes that support public schools how? pretty sure in the US everyone pays property tax (directly or indirectly), some of which is used to fund the school system. you can't just opt out of paying into that system at all. which parts in particular are obsolete and terrible? yes but (at least in the US), your credit score affects stuff other than borrowing. often landlords will perform a credit check before approving your application; even employers will sometimes check an applicant's credit. also keep in mind we are talking bad credit and all your assets seized by creditors. i'm not saying a bad credit score is literal hell on earth, but if you have no money and no credit you are gonna have a really bad time for a while. i really doubt it. in a mining rig all power spent on components other than the GPU is essentially pure overhead that cuts into the thin margin of a consumer setup. you need several discrete GPUs before it starts to be worthwhile at all. i dunno if this continues today, but before digital became prevalent there was something of a holy war in the audiophile community between mono and stereo. i know a lot of people still prefer the mono mix of sgt pepper, but that might be because the stereo mix of that particular album is actually inferior. today practically all new systems marketed to audiophiles are stereo, but my guess is that most would consider faithful reproduction of the signal to be more important than the number of channels if they had to pick. qbittorrent is the best out there for windows imo. my only complaint is that it seems to have no dpi awareness whatsoever. I'm in my twenties now but I had a pretty similar experience as a teen. it wasn't until I was in college easily crushing my CS courses that my parents stopped criticizing the amount of time I spent on the computer. if they keep giving you shit, you could always try showing them entry level software engineer salaries on glassdoor. that actually looks fantastic. thanks for the recommendation! > Advertising is almost pure rent-seeking; it's a horribly inefficient solution for the actual utility component it provides society. disagree. as much as it pains me to admit it, I do actually think advertising benefits society. imo it's kind of like democracy in that it's the least shitty system we've devised so far. there's a lot about it that seems suboptimal, but what alternatives do we have? people can't be seriously expected to read third-party reviews for every single product they buy; it simply takes too much time. plus, depending on the product, there may not be any reputable reviewers, or the reviewers could be getting paid behind the scenes anyway. ultimately it's a lot better to walk into the store at least knowing what the different brands are supposed to mean. if I go to whole foods, I can be pretty confident that the food will be better than what I can get at walmart. if I want the cheapest food, I can expect to find it at walmart. when a choice between products is of low-moderate importance, advertising/branding saves us a lot of research. another thing worth noting is that many projects need to support multiple platforms, which means multiple different compilers. good luck getting a large project to build on clang or gcc and msvc without warnings. i've run into cases at work where it seems like i'm going to get a warning from at least one of the compilers no matter what i do (barring complicated #ifdef/#pragma salad). attempting to start a friendship (or more) with someone who is serving you is one of the more risky avenues. if you're both on the same page, it can be totally fine and work out. unfortunately, most of the time you are just another customer to them and you just put them in a situation where they have to figure out how to gracefully decline while still doing the deferential customer service dance. my guess is a fair amount of the upvotes were from men. deep down i think men do realize that we have gaps in our coping skills, but don't fully understand the cause. > The trouble begins when you realize you don't actually care about any of these things. yeah, this is me. how do you meet the people who just want to sit around, drink a few beers, chat a little, and maybe watch a movie? a swift and painless death is ultimately more humane than a lifetime behind bars with no hope for release, imo. unfortunately the US system combines the worst of both worlds. the few who are executed only die after years of agonizing "will they or won't they" through the various levels of appeal. and after all that we still end up exonerating people posthumously. therapists/psychiatrists can't really "cure" depression in most cases; they can only blunt some of the worst symptoms with drugs or teach coping skills. this often plays out over the course of years. in the mean time, depressed people might want to make friendships that they can realistically maintain. this probably does not include friendships that depend on mutual participation in activities for which the person has no genuine interest. > The fact that so many death row convicts appeal their death sentence until the bitter end would imply that they themselves don't agree with your belief. it doesn't necessarily imply that. at each point in the appeal process, there remains the possibility of having one's case thrown out altogether or reducing the sentence even further than natural life. even if you prefer death to life in prison, it would still be rational to pursue any chance of getting out entirely or getting a substantially reduced sentence. that said, if I could implement any policy I wanted, I would choose for life to be the most severe sentence but give the inmate the ability to choose death if they prefer. idk OP's position, but the lack of tactile feedback is probably the biggest flaw of touchscreen UIs. it's really nice to be able to give input to a device without actually looking at it. it's a mild to moderate inconvenience on a phone, since you are looking at the screen most of the time you are using it and swype style keyboards remove most of the pain of typing on a virtual keyboard. it does make for a compromised music player, though, unless you can remap the hardware buttons to control media playback. on the other hand, i find the touch UI trend in cars absolutely horrible. it's bad enough that you have to take your eyes off the road to read the center screen, but actually pressing a virtual button requires even more concentration to track where your finger is wrt the button and stabilize it against the motion of the vehicle. paper straws really suck, please don't let them be the solution. as others have said, they are really just not robust. if you go out to dinner and order a coke with a paper straw, the end is basically disintegrating in your mouth by the time you've finished your appetizer. worse still, they impart much more of a flavor to the drink than a plastic or metal straw. they seem to be able to make biodegradable plastic(ish?) straws which are fine, and sometimes it can actually feel kinda fancy to use a metal straw (which can be reused). this is a fun paradox to entertain, but irl we would probably just trace the "stack" back to the human who wrote the program that started the chain of program-writing programs and hold them liable (unless we can show intent, then charge them criminally). if you can't trace back far enough to find a human then I guess you just throw up your hands and give up, which is more or less what we do anyway when we can't attribute a malicious program to a specific person. so altogether not as novel as it seems. my guess is that the handwritten signature is already on its way out of being relevant in modern society. in most cases it seems to serve more as a formality than a security measure. when I worked as a cashier, the majority of people would just do some squiggle and get the hell out of the store rather than any kind of consistent signature. in principle at least, public key crypto is way more effective than a signature, and I expect this will become prevalent in the next couple decades as laws and customs enter modernity. at this point it would be trivial for a digital entity to enter into a binding contract. it's more like "I am a tiny replaceable cog in a huge money-printing machine. if somebody is going to collect the paycheck anyway, why shouldn't it be me?" making the hard choice is easy when you have nothing to lose, and it's even easier when you're so rich that the losses don't matter. the folks in the middle have just enough that it would really hurt to lose it. I can't say I blame them for guarding that jealously. "who is responsible?" is a philosophical question that probably has no objective answer. "who would be held responsible?" is still pretty easy here. by default, if you own or release to the public a system that ends up hurting someone, you are liable. it doesn't matter what your intent was or whether there was any way of knowing that the bad outcome would happen. the only way you can get around this is with "safe harbor" exemptions. it's possible that your blank slate would qualify, although you would probably have to lobby for this before the fact. in that case, no one would be held responsible. otherwise, you would be paying. tbh I don't know enough about rust or the whole field of software development to give an authoritative answer, but if you don't know much about rust, this might help you. in general, rust is great for pretty much anything c is great for. you can do raw memory manipulation in unsafe blocks if you want, but you write memory safe code by default. at present, rust is definitely slower than c, but there's no inherent reason that it has to be so; mainly it's just the consequence of being a new and immature language. one neat thing you can do with rust is build safe interfaces to the c libraries that you know and love for a relatively small performance penalty. I am writing a toy graphics application in rust, and it is so much nicer than bare OpenGL, although there are some serious pain points with library maturity. it can also be a decent substitute for problems you might solve in C# / Java / other statically-typed languages, although it is a bit more strict and explicit than those. the main things I can think of that rust makes hard are applications where you really don't want static typing (web dev, scripting, etc.) or you have a need to use a lot of specific libraries that you don't feel like writing interfaces for. the idea that literally everyone should go / would benefit from going to college is definitely wrong and harmful, but there are some special things about college for those who take advantage. college is probably the only time in your life that an entire team of domain experts will be obligated to take time out of their day to meet with you and answer your questions, however silly or low-level they may be. as a professor, college is one of the only places where you can get paid to work on things that not only have no near-term value, but likely will never have any practical value at all! (I guess this could also be an argument against college...) I do think there is a problem with the way people understand college. outside of a couple majors (ie computer science), college should really be considered something like a luxury good. it isn't economic in the sense of dollars, cents, and balance sheets, but something that has it's own intrinsic value for those who take advantage of it (a distinct minority of undergrad students). disclaimer: I think I am one of these people who college is mostly wasted on. I don't go to office hours, participate in clubs, or really do anything other than really good work on programming assignments and cramming for exams. I'm mostly in it for the piece of paper. only you can decide, but since you asked, I will give you my input. a bachelor's degree helps a lot to get pretty much any white-collar, entry-level job. in some fields it's barely enough, but in ours, having a BS with a decent GPA and a couple internships basically guarantees you a job. you might not be able to work at FAANG type companies, but someone will definitely be willing to compensate you well for your work. a degree from a prestigious school is better than a degree from most state schools, but if it takes you another year or two to start collecting that salary and build real work experience, it could ultimately be a wash. sounds like you already know what path you want to take, and I bet it will work out just fine. most of this seems to be an issue of maturity for the language itself and the surrounding ecosystem, which I did touch on a little bit. I probably should have made it a more explicit caveat. aside from ubiquity and maturity, I'm curious what features c has that rust lacks for raw memory manipulation. I have yet to work my way through all of the rustonomicon and I am far from an expert c programmer, so I would appreciate the opportunity to fill in some knowledge gaps. > what statically typed languages do you have experience with? c, c++, java, rust, c#, so the assumption you're making is probably correct. > Let's look at Apple 10 years after Jobs' passing. 3 years to go! How have you liked Apple's innovations since 2011? it's always important to remember that the CEO is not solely responsible for the successes and failures of a multi-billion dollar company. that said, it's really hard to look at apple under cook's leadership and say that it's anywhere near as innovative as it was with jobs at the helm. the bulk of their current revenue is just riding the wave that jobs started with the first iphone. the iphone x is the most daring thing they've done in years, and it's basically just an iphone with a big screen. the iOS UX is still really good, but it's not much better than a clean android setup. on the other hand, the desktop UX feels very dated at this point. I never thought I would find windows to have a more modern look and feel than apple, and it's downright depressing to see what the mac pro has become. the company still performs very well as an investment vehicle though; I doubt they are in any trouble in the near-medium term. if you think you can make better use of the dividend, why buy that company's shares at all? even if a dividend were break even compared to the capital gains from reinvesting directly, you would still come out worse from having it taxed as income. > We can be a society that ensures social needs are met while allowing vast concentrations of wealth. I don't know exactly what you mean by "social needs" here. you could be referring to a specific level on the mazlow hierarchy, if so, I'd like to know why you pick this specific level as the benchmark. or you might be referring to some more vague concept of societal needs. the particular definition of "needs" is very important to the validity of the quoted claim. if basic or "social" needs are defined as some absolute standard of living, this will be increasingly easy to fulfill as society grows richer. I very rarely see anyone talking about needs this way though. instead, the definition of needs seems to move as people at the top grow more wealthy. it seems more likely to me that, as long as billionaires exist and live lavish lifestyles, people will never agree that their needs are being met. > At one point my GPS/stereo touchscreen hit some bug, and the only way to "fix" it was to pull over at a rest stop and power cycle my truck (turn off, then back on again :facepalm: ). be glad you even have this option. in my car, sometimes android auto freezes in a way that it will never recover from. this would be a minor annoyance if I could just reboot the thing while driving (and why not? it shouldn't hook into anything essential), but I can't do that. worse still, I can't even hard reset it by power cycling the whole car. the damn thing goes into sleep mode or something and maintains the broken state. only way to fix it is to turn the car off and then wait n minutes for the system to finally shut down. I bought a pixel 2 (for $650), and I would have bought a pixel xl if it weren't for the inferior screen. something to consider: if I had had a 32GB og pixel at the launch of the pixel 2, I could have sold it for ~$400. if that trend continues, I would be happy to pay about $250 a year to always have a current flagship phone with monthly security updates. that's only 20% more expensive than just buying a ~$400 phone (nexus 5x launch price) every two years. of course you could also sell the cheaper phone, but the non-google phones seem to lose their value faster. the real question is, why spend flagship money on anything other than a pixel? I find this argument hard to believe. google, htc, lg, and motorola all sell phones with unlockable bootloaders. the pixel 2 is locked if you buy from verizon, but you can easily get the unlockable one direct from google and use it on any carrier. I could believe that carriers require a locked version to sell in their own stores, but I can't believe samsung is uniquely unable to sell phones with unlockable bootloaders. do any xiaomi phones have oreo yet? I can't fathom spending $400 on a phone that's already out of date. disagree. writing creatively or with nuance is definitely an orthogonal skill to coding, but understanding and following grammar rules requires a very similar syntax-parsing ability to that which is required to write code that will compile. unless you struggle to get simple programs to compile, you very likely have the ability to write with proper grammar, assuming you are willing to make the effort. I would even argue that the skill of technical writing, where precision and compactness are valued over creative flourish, maps very closely onto the same skills needed for good program design and clean coding style. I'm not saying I literally want to rent a phone for $250 a year. I still desire all the benefits of owning the phone, like selling it for market value at a time of my choosing, being able to switch carriers without paying off the phone first, etc. I'm saying that $250 doesn't seem like an unreasonable annual spend to have a current generation phone with timely OS/security updates. it definitely sounds better than buying a $400-500 phone whose OS is already out of date at launch every two years and then not bothering to sell it because it has depreciated so much. the only thing that makes it rent-like is that I would pay a similar price every year. sure, and there should definitely be help for this situation, but what fraction of low income parents is this really? they're more like an energy loan, and you better believe there's interest. > i always wondered it the effect is stronger for somebody without adhd i've wondered this myself. i often hear people say stuff like "people with real adhd can't get high from stims", but i suspect that some of this is just that people want to distance their legitimate use from those tweakers over there. if there's any truth to it, i'd bet it comes down to the way the drug is used. when you take an extended release formulation (or instant release every n hours) regularly, you tend to have relatively stable blood concentrations of the drug (ie, you don't get "high"). recreational users, and also probably people who self medicate, will end up with peakier blood levels, which results in the perception of being "high". the concentration level over time can be an extremely important factor in how the drug ultimately affects you. it's definitely a pain to have a single connector that may or may not support several different transport technologies and/or power delivery. on the other hand, it's way less bad than having to carry around a different cable for each of those and having to cram all those different ports on the laptop. my guess is that, in a few years, a standard set of the most useful features will stabilize and it will be cheapest to just offer that all the time. in the meantime we just have to deal with the growing pains and read benson leung reviews so we don't burn our houses down. yeah, I dont actually know of any smartphones implementing usb 3.x. would be kinda pointless considering the transfer speeds of the actual flash. sure, but manufacturers seem to be uncommonly bad at implementing the new USB 3.x specs, power delivery in particular. the majority of USB-C cables on sale violate the power delivery spec in important ways. the downvotes are probably because it's not usually a polarity issue. the most common issues are with current/voltage negotiations between the charger and device. when this isn't implemented correctly, either the cable or the charger itself (maybe even the device, idk) can erroneously negotiate a power level that is too great for the circuitry to withstand. you're right that it's not exactly the fault of the USB-C spec, but at the same time, manufacturers would probably not mess it up so much if it were not so complex. if you are unaware, this is extremely controversial. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_mathematics#Math... just going off my memory of this spreadsheet [1]. [1] https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wJwqv3rTNmORXz-XJsQa... I believe NL taxes are in fact regressive in the usual sense of the word. I'm curious what the justification for this claim is as well. if you have $10mil, you're not burning much more than ~$400k a year if you're smart. a charter flight across the continental US costs at least $6k. so you could definitely do that from time to time, but if you do it even once a month you are blowing almost a fifth of your yearly budget on transportation. you are probably gonna feel that. edit: the figure I used is just the cheapest possible aircraft you can rent. if you actually want a jet, you are looking at $10,500 and up, which would make your monthly flight eat more like 32% of your budget. most people are going to find this untenable. probably never. in a way, this broadly applicable quote applies: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!" 80% of people in the US make less than $75k. the idea that people experience diminishing returns on income is a strong argument in favor of redistribution, and is a couple notches more sophisticated than just saying outright that rich people don't deserve what they have. how many people are likely to seriously interrogate the claim that they deserve more than they are paid and/or would use it more efficiently? > Obvious reasons: locking young people in universities in their highest testosterone years reduces crime and drug addiction this could very well be true, but it hardly seems obvious. i could readily believe that fewer serious crimes occur at universities, but it seems like the combination of a large, low-friction network and a general blunting of consequences would lead to more drug use at least, and the ability to avoid or defer direct consequences does tend to exacerbate addictions and increase their harm over time. a solution already exists. it's called a private tracker. I wrote that comment a bit carelessly. the income tax itself is progressive, but things like VAT are regressive and ultimately make up a far greater share of tax collected. the EU as a whole actually has a more regressive tax system than the united states (although they spend the proceeds very differently), but in the netherlands, the regressive and progressive taxes essentially cancel out so that overall taxes are flat. here are some sources: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2012/09/19/other... https://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2011/12/i... https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2012/12/05/... > they are inherently fuel inefficient compared to devices with wheels assuming it can be harvested cleanly, energy isn't inherently a problem until we start getting close to capturing a significant fraction of total solar irradiance. we get better at this every year, so eventually it will be a non-issue. > they are noisy, a problem which can probably never be solved unless breakthroughs are made in science-fiction fields like anti-gravity imo, this is probably the biggest obstacle. like you say, there's really no plausible breakthrough that could reduce the noise level to something that could be acceptable in a dense environment. > airspace is very limited. In my country, we have already serious planning problems with the current amount of air traffic idk what country you live it, but this is probably only true at higher altitudes and in the immediate surroundings of airports. > airspace is very limited. In my country, we have already serious planning problems with the current amount of air traffic this is important, but people won't necessarily care. the other items in your list would probably delay adoption but not prevent it altogether. > As a conservative, I'd claim the window has shifted in the other direction i'd argue you're both right and the window has widened in both directions. > You buy a ticket ahead of time picking your exact seats. the whole package sounds great, but I would be sold on this detail alone. I hate having to choose between sitting in the theater for 30-45 mins and getting a bad seat at popular films. > If you aim to break even at death, that changes the calculations. do many people do this? seems unwise given the uncertainty in our lifetimes. if you aren't already very familiar with c, i would say the learning curves for c++ and rust are pretty similar. it will take you longer to get stuff to compile in rust, but correcting instances of undefined behavior in c++ can also take a long time in c++. plenty of c++ is just functions wrapped in namespaces. namespaces alone are a significant advantage over c. i'm sure you have at least a few counterparts among whatever gender you find attractive. no need to rule it out altogether. it's really not that bad. for a beginning programmer, the places where you would struggle with the borrow checker in rust have a lot of overlap with cases in c/c++ where you would struggle to fix all the errors reported by valgrind. do you mean "greybeard"? unless the meaning has shifted a lot over time, you probably don't want to call yourself a "neckbeard". I mean yeah, but I just don't want the poor fellow going around announcing himself as a neckbeard irl. > It would shift more of the web to non-ad-funded. or it would just shift more of the web to non-funded. I can't really say that sounds unreasonable. do we really need drag strips within the city limits? by definition, the participants have cars. dang, so literally any tune or other aftermarket mods are not street legal in CA? another reason not to move to SV I guess. > Socially integrating yourself with other successful people in your classes and degree program will dramatically increase your chances of success. I strongly agree with this claim, but I think it's the kind of thing that only works when it comes about naturally, or at least when the motivation to set up this dynamic comes from within. I disagree with your suggestions to bring this about. > requiring students to live in dorms with students taking the same classes. I think this could be nice for some people if it were opt-in (especially those who struggle socially), but overall being exposed to people from other disciplines is a feature of college, not a bug. Most of the people in your classes will already be from the same discipline, so it is important to be exposed to people who study other things in your social life, imo. > mandatory weekly study sessions for every class I really dislike this. People have wildly varying learning styles and you should not impose a specific format on them. I have issues processing auditory information, and I can learn 2-4x faster just reading the textbook than I can from a verbal discussion or lecture. If you force me to attend these, you are making me spend my time suboptimally. Also, while such a session can be highly productive for a small group of bright, motivated students, the whole thing slows to a crawl when it is inevitably forced to cater to the lowest common denominator. > industry partnerships to get students internships with real world experience during the summer. I think this could be a good thing, as long as the company isn't obligated to offer every student an internship. In that case the lowest common denominator issue applies. > If there was ever an MVP in the C#/.NET space, it's this guy. he has (had?) some competition from eric lippert. i used to love reading his blog when i did c# work. we still use atomic to mean indivisible in the context of concurrent programming, and the broader concept of atomicity is used in the same sense. the physical atom is the real edge case here; it just happens to have captured the attention of the general public. seems like a poor choice to represent women with high-heels in an infographic about gender-based pay gaps. it's hard to know how to interpret all this data when the sources report such different values. in particular, i really wonder what to make of the fact that the bureau of labor reports median pay that is significantly higher than most of the values for average pay reported by other sources. if this were actually true, it would indicate a very wacky pay distribution. the ROI for stocks would have to be significantly higher than the ROI from real estate for it to make sense for a working/middle class person to invest in stocks instead of the structure they live in. you need to pay for housing either way. > Every social service other first world countries have, we can't afford. That is directly a result of our military spending. The US spends a lot on its military, but it's only about 15% of central government spending. When you look at spending as a percentage of GDP, we (3.3%) are not that far off from European powers like France (2.3%) or the UK (1.9%) whose defense we essentially subsidize through NATO. We just have a much larger economy so that 3.3% turns out to be a really big number. There's no obvious (to me) fiscal reason why our social services have to be so poor, so I have to assume we just suck at allocating the money (possibly intentional). why not voat? the 15% turned out to be a lowball, it's more like 17% if you use the 2015 numbers from wikipedia[0]. I got the %GDP numbers from wikipedia as well[1]. > Free higher education for everyone would cost $75 billion. this I find hard to believe. the US government estimated that ~20 million students would be enrolled in college/university in fall 2017. assuming enrollment would not increase if college were free, that $75 billion works out to about $3750 per student. this substantially undercuts even in-state tuition at the average community college, which already receives significant funding from the government. although I pushed back on that particular claim by Sanders, I still maintain that we have an allocation problem, not a money problem. according to 2012 data[2] the US government spends almost exactly the same percentage of its GDP on education as the UK, and we are in the high range of money spent per student in primary and secondary education[3]. i'm no expert, but this doesn't look like the kind of thing where you can just throw money at it and expect it to work. we should figure out how to use the money we already have to produce more similar outcomes to those in Western Europe. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_budget [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_military_... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_spending_... [3] https://nces.ed.gov/programs/coe/indicator_cmd.asp as a grader, it is already hard enough to keep up with the work that gets generated by thirty students attempting the same weekly homework assignment. i don't know how i could possibly grade thirty different projects in a week, let alone in any fair or reasonable way. i've always wondered why they don't do something like select a random number of students and ask them to explain their work in an interview with the professor or TA. i figure, even if they cheated, if they can give a satisfactory explanation, they probably learned the damn thing anyway. plus, you don't have to select even half the students before word gets around that they better understand the work they are turning in. having been both a TA and a student, i think this idea is entirely too optimistic. "optional" problem sets can work well in graduate and advance undergraduate courses, but for the bulk of students in the intro/intermediate courses, homework that doesn't get graded for accuracy may as well not exist. i certainly didn't do it, and when the CS department decided to grade homework on completion only, i saw student attendance of my office hours immediately drop to zero. ultimately, you cannot just expect college students to make reasoned decisions based on the way you set up the course. you need to arrange the course in a way that incentivizes them to keep up at every step. as a TA, i love when professors set up grading scripts for me, and as a student, i love knowing what grade i will get before turning in the assignment. unfortunately, you need the students to have the basic level of competency where they can actually write code to a testable interface or correctly use print statements to produce good enough output for a script to grade by parsing. in the course i currently TA, neither of these prerequisites are met. many students turn in programs that will not compile and i am expected to give generous partial credit if i can determine that they are "most of the way there". i also have pedagogical concerns about providing the test script ahead of time. i suspect that it biases low effort students even more in the direction of "guess and check" rather than the ideal (imo) "reason and predict". all that said, the approach you outlined is probably the best feasible approach for most cs courses. this sounds like a great solution. i particularly like that it encourages careful thought about test cases. isn't this the expected behavior for apps that you give the sms / voice call / contacts permissions to? i would be surprised if any such app did not display my call/sms history and autocomplete contacts. imagine i'm considering buying 24,000 nice cars from you, but i need to be able to disable certain systems. i feel like you would help me out. I do have sympathy for people who work hard their whole lives and never make enough money to build decent savings for retirement. There should be help for these people. On the other hand, I have very little sympathy for people who are paid well but don't plan wisely. How can you not understand that you need to save money? It takes all of a couple hours to understand the basics of a 401(k) or traditional/Roth IRA, and you don't have to set it up perfectly to have an effective savings plan. I greatly resent the idea that my productivity should be siphoned off to protect the latter group from the consequences of their actions. imo it would be best to just not have these benefits. just increase salaries by the amount that would have been added to the pension fund, let them choose between a Roth or traditional IRA and increase the tax deductible contribution limit. then they are free to allocate the funds at an appropriate level of risk and choose low-fee institutions. idk why you wouldn't want to be able to do that. if you really can't understand the basics of personal finance, then maybe you could pay into a third party pension service. but in general, i think it is fair to expect guaranteed benefits to be less than the expected value of market appreciation if you just invested that money yourself. if that were not the case, it would be too risky to offer the benefit! the key advantage that touchscreens have is that they show many different displays to expose different controls and information, while a physical panel necessarily offers less functionality in the same cockpit area. i think it would be really nice to combine physical controls with a digital display. either the buttons themselves could have little displays that show different labels depending on which mode you're in, or there could be generic buttons/knobs around the display whose function changes depending on what UI page you're on. according to the new yorker: > The title is aimed at girls aged eight to fifteen, and it has a bright, pink-heavy, clamorously cheerful aesthetic to match. idk how you could not notice that any voting-based link aggregator or comment section has a hive mind effect. if i understand correctly, the noise is caused by physical vibrations (as opposed to electrical waves) propagating up the cables. i think it's basically insoluble for earbuds/iems. sure, but how often does a traffic stop lead to the discovery of evidence that justifies a charge for a white collar crime? the person would have to be driving around with incriminating (likely very technical) documents and do something that gives the officer probably cause to search the vehicle. the papers won't even look bad unless the officer already knows what to look for. on the other hand, traffic stop -> suspected intoxication -> field sobriety test / drug dogs seems like a very common routine. > so of course i didnt stop for the stop sign genuine question: do you think this would still be okay if you were driving a car? the movie has a 16% on rotten tomatoes. is it really worth watching or do you just find the specific topic interesting? what team if you don't mind me asking? i use the names of my favorite greek gods/goddesses in a (slightly) meaningful way. my monster tower is ATHENA, the goddess of knowledge. my laptop is ARTEMIS the hunter, and my phone is fleet-footed HERMES. > For example you can be on a NTT fiber line but use a different ISP on that line as an american living in a major city, this exceeds my wildest dreams of internet service. > "Cannot stop" is kind of strong. More like "have nasty side effects while tapering off and puss out". sure, but you can make the same point about any drugs that people develop physical dependencies on. aside from alcohol and benzodiazepines, you will survive. antidepressant withdrawal varies a lot from person to person though. the brain zaps can definitely be severe enough that it becomes unsafe to drive a car, for instance. > Just say "No!". this I can certainly agree with, for all but the most severe cases. it's almost never worth the common side effects, let alone the rare ones. > A warning about Dell XPS (13") screens: if you take the matte display and like coding with dark color schemes it's horrible (but there might be a fix). i have a kaby lake FHD xps 13, which i love, but this is a valid complaint. that said, i am using the An Old Hope theme with vscode and it works fine. you just need to try out a bunch of dark themes before you find one that pops. nobody demands that you cook your own food. but if you aren't willing to put in the (considerable) work yourself, you are expected to pay for the labor, ingredients, and kitchen space. what exactly makes your idea of a communal kitchen different from a restaurant? is it free? > Single shot weapons are good enough for home defense source? one center mass shot from a 12 gauge or an ar would probably put down an assailant, but only if the person aims perfectly (easier said than done with a long gun inside a building in a stressful situation). and with a pistol, by far the most common firearm in the US, you are pretty unlikely to neutralize the threat with only one shot. it's actually a relation (ie equality) between two expressions. it is a logical assertion, not an action. tax incidence is not nearly as simple as you are making it out to be. how much the tax cuts into the business's surplus vs the customer's totally depends on the situation. i do actually learn best by reading. if the professor produces a set of authoritative notes for the class, i will get an A on every exam. as long as the professor makes it clear exactly what sections of the text are important, i will learn everything and still get an A every time. if the professor says important stuff during lecture that cannot be read somewhere, i have no chance of retaining that information. > Or over tens of millions of years would more naturally occurring easy to find veins of gold and silver rise to the surface of the Earth's crust? i am not a geologist but, as i understand it, plate tectonics cause a lot of "churn" in the crust. so i think it is certainly conceivable that a civilization could mine all the accessible veins to exhaustion but have many more veins brought up near the surface in the following 60 million years. i am one of those people who think that we should allocate resources against causes of death in close proportion to the number of lives claimed. my guess is that many other engineering types also take this position. recently however, i have come to worry that this position lacks empathy. especially in light of recent mass shootings in the US, i am forced to consider that some types of deaths have far worse second order effects than others. if ten people die on different days out in the woods, ten sets of family and friends are devastated. tragic, but if ten students are killed at school in the same day, it seems that the lasting damage is far more severe and widespread. to some extent you can say that's just because people are emotional/irrational and they are blocking optimal allocation, but maybe the optimal solution does need to take into account how people feel about things. maybe things like terrorism and mass shootings are actually a lot more harmful than the numbers suggest. i do agree with you in the broad strokes, but there is some thing called "empathy" that some people simply do not have. it can still be a useful word. i feel like some sort of mass commitment by potential users to actually use a new site would be much more valuable than any monetary investment. obviously that's a lot harder to bring about. keep in mind that esports are still quite young. the top three games right now seem to be csgo, LoL, and dota 2. none of these games have lineages that go back more than twenty years. my guess is that the first twenty years of what became baseball, soccer, etc were even more unstable in their rulesets. i think your take is correct in the long run, but developers have a long road ahead of them before they are creating truly balanced games that can endure decades without change. mid-size coastal cities are severely underrated imo. sure you miss out on some of the glamour, but you can get a pretty nice urban lifestyle and your tech salary goes way further. personally, i love being able to drive anywhere within the city limits in under 30 mins and being able to find parking when i get there. im on the entry level side of things. im making ~$80k and paying $950 in rent, and i pay moderate taxes. i would be much worse off making $104k at google. you're right of course. any blanket statement will likely be wrong. > To accept to have your own child taken from you and cut open to offer its heart to some angry God supposes an amount of "faith" difficult to imagine. abraham was willing. in the whole article, i read only a couple sentences that explicitly talk about how any of these different approaches would actually benefit students, and what little there was was quite vague. on the other hand, they all seem to directly lower the burden faced by the schools themselves. in particular, knowing what other schools a student has applied to helps the college a lot (are we a reach? a safety? etc) but seems like it could only hurt an individual student. i vividly remember the stress of college applications, but i can't say it seems unnecessarily brutal to me. it is a very important process that will affect the rest of your life, and there is an inherent level of stress in these sorts of things. at the same time, there are a lot of tradeoffs that can be made depending on your tolerance for risk. i applied early decision to a school that was likely to accept me. i filled out one brief application and received my acceptance letter in early december. if your college admissions process is/was hell it is probably because of the expectations you (or your parents) set for yourself. forgive me if my ignorance is showing, but it doesn't entirely seem useful to talk about particular systems being "right" or "wrong". to me it just looks like a fairly typical risk-reward tradeoff. if you want wealth to grow fast, you need to accept high variance in the market. if you want low variance, you need to resign yourself to a low rate of return. one of the main ways that we enter into this tradeoff is through leverage. my comment that started this thread was admittedly of low quality. to the extent that i am making a real point here, it is just that westerners should probably not find the idea of willing child sacrifice so bizarre/unbelievable when the common patriarch of judaism, christianity, and islam is portrayed as being totally devoted and willing in one of the faiths' most well known stories. an email address and a phone number are still the only things you can safely assume everyone has. for many of my older relatives and non-tech acquaintances, the only options are email, sms, or phone calls. i dislike phone calls in general for all but the most time-sensitive and/or intimate conversations. i get a bit anxious on the phone and i don't like being essentially blocked for the duration of the call. i dislike sms because i don't have an iphone, so i cannot respond using a full sized keyboard without using workarounds like pushbullet, which i don't feel like setting up for the small number of people who insist on using sms. i don't love communicating via email but i would contest the claim that it is a legacy technology on the basis that it does not have a clear successor. there is no modern service that matches the ubiquity of email; the penetration is unequaled even by the likes of facebook. i would also point out that (personal) email addresses provide highly stable means of communicating with infrequent contacts. while people's phone numbers change over time, people seem to accumulate personal email addresses and at least forward the old ones to their main account. if i got someone's personal email address five or even ten years ago, i have a pretty good chance of reaching them today. on the other hand, i assume that phone numbers that i haven't used for a couple years are dead links. with messaging apps, you don't always have a clear indication of whether the person currently has the app installed with notifications enabled. > The thing that’s crazy is that this can cost 2-3 million dollars in many places in the Bay Area. The housing crises in affluent cities is absolutely the driving factor of our growing inequality issues. how can this be so? i agree it sucks that {insert middle class profession} can't afford a 3br in the bay area or NYC, but how can that be the root cause of inequality across an entire nation? there are tons of affordable 3br houses around where i live (mid-size coastal city). i see that it is a bad thing for service workers the wealthiest cities to be pushed ever further from their place of work, but this seems like a more local problem. > Most of the jobs that mint new members of the upper / upper-middle class are based in big cities. i feel that this claim is exaggerated. anecdotally, i live in a suburb of a midsize city. i rent a 3br house for under $2k a month and there are tons of tech companies within a 25-45 minute drive of my dwelling. an entry level job at any of them would easily put a person in the high end of middle class incomes for this area. to be sure, companies in the wealthiest US cities offer experienced employees compensation that is unmatched anywhere else. but for entry level and/or average skilled developers, it seems like SF, NYC, etc. are the only places where you aren't guaranteed an upper-middle class lifestyle. i would be in heaven if my projects at work compiled in mere minutes. I probably would not pay to see movies directed by you. becoming a manager in retail is really not that hard. most of my friends that started working retail in high school are managers by now (unless they left for a better job). > Our world is sufficiently productive (a trend I expect to continue rising) that we could offer a modest life to everyone regardless of how much they work. i realize that the rest of your post details technological advancements that could create this condition (on an indefinite timeline), but you also seem to be saying that it is already possible today. i often see this sort of claim these days, and i always wonder why this is treated as self evident fact. in 2015, the PPP adjusted GDP per capita over the entire planet was just under $16k [1]. this is only 125% of the US poverty line for a single person in the same year [2]. even if we could deliver this sum to every person in the world without losing production capacity and with no administrative cost, it hardly seems enough to provide what you mean by a "modest living" to everyone. much closer to mere subsistence in a developed nation. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)... [2] https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/income-p... > Maybe crime rates are going down because people are more likely to stay hiding in their living rooms. i fail to see the practical difference. if would-be predators are staying home, it is still safer for kids to go play outside. i can understand this sentiment, but there are many mental illnesses that bring pain to the people around the afflicted. why do we single drug addicts out for judgement? anecdotally, i have seen that the ones that recover do not succeed through willpower or strength of character. the main factor is the strength of their support network. it is not a moral deficiency. > Actually - as it is often used - internship is only a way to pay less for the same (or sometimes more) not-fully-qualified job. are you speaking from experience here? i have had several internships, and at each one they let me fix a couple trivial bugs in production before giving me a toy project they have no intention of actually using. my peers have had very similar experiences. i would actually have loved to be given a full engineer's assignment. ah, i assumed we were talking about SWE type internships. i could certainly see interns doing entry-level work in other fields. > At some point a drug addict, predisposition and circumstances aside, had to make a choice to start taking drugs. Someone with a mental illness never chose to flirt with mental illness, they’re just mentally ill. as you point out later in your comment, there is significant overlap between drug addiction and other mental illness. it seems unfair to make the "original bad choice" argument in regards to people who didn't start off with a sound mind. i see a couple other issues with this common indictment of addicts. many people use alcohol without negative consequences, and it is considered acceptable to do so. are you going to go back and fault an alcoholic for taking the risk of having a first beer? another issue (and i believe this may be controversial) is that addiction as a mental disorder may exist in some latent state well before a person ever tries a drug. if so, the question is less "will they become addicted to drugs?" and more "if not drugs, what will they become addicted to instead?". my final objection is that drug addiction is not particularly unique among mental disorders in that it is possibly caused/triggered by an initial poor choice. explicit decisions (like deciding to try/use drugs) and more general lifestyle are significant risk factors in many mental illnesses (e.g. depression, schizophrenia), but people with these afflictions receive sympathy that is far less conditional. my personal take: we see addicts behave in ways that appear irrational and antisocial. when we are close to them, it causes us immense emotional pain and it can cost a lot of money to help them. we resent that they seem to be blissfully high while we clean up their messes. there is not a whole lot of incentive to understand how it isn't their fault. the less we can blame them, the harder we find it to draw the line where we can feel okay about cutting them off. > The quality (from a narrative and acting viewpoint primarily) is so low that I think it drives people away from the topic. ive seen a couple people express this opinion in the thread, and i am wondering where it comes from. imo the plot and acting in the expanse is on par with all but the best currently airing shows. shows like the chi and fargo are certainly more sophisticated and have much more emotional depth, but the expanse easily equals the big action-oriented series (GoT, walking dead, homeland, all the super hero series), and only maybe GoT or westworld comes close to the world-building aspect. maybe it's just my hard sci-fi fanboyism showing. i love the show, but i will say i found the tension between naomi and the crew this season to be a bit disappointing. the conflict felt a bit manufactured. i know some people criticize holden's somewhat bland character, which is not entirely unfair. if perhaps unintentional, i think this still serves a purpose. the world of the expanse is very unfamiliar and, basically being a normal dude from earth, he gives the viewer a character to anchor themselves with, or even substitute themselves for. it's kinda like how gordon freeman never talks. honestly i love him in the show (possibly my favorite character) and i haven't read the books yet. i see a rich (not random) portrayal of someone who just doesn't have an intuitive sense of right and wrong but is struggling to do the right thing anyway. i found the dialog between him and the psychopathic scientist very telling. disclaimer: i am only in my mid-twenties, so perhaps i lack sufficient perspective on this topic. i can only compare the landscape today against my childhood friendships. i do remember having fewer, closer friends when i was younger. at the same time, i don't feel that we had much in common other than being the same age, in the same place, and being part of the "outgroup". i valued these relationships very much (and still do), but they represented the exhaustion of the local pool of viable friends. we spent so much time together and developed strong bonds mainly because there was no clear way to access a more global pool to select from. today i have many acquaintances with whom i routinely share deep conversations over very specific interests (even irl!), and it is relatively easy to find more of these if i desire. while my social life is much more intellectually rich, it is definitely harder to develop a trusted confidant; conversations just never seem to naturally flow into that territory. to me, it seems like the older style of friendship and the modern friendship occupy different places on roughly the same pareto frontier. you can certainly prefer one or the other, but i don't feel that either is intrinsically better. the dude wiretapped the FBI. it doesn't get much more badass than that. > Finally, a company not using this attack as a way to say PGP is fully broken and you should be using their walled garden instead of PGP. i mean, i do like protonmail and their product, but you can't act like this post isn't designed to protect their own interests. the facts happen to be on their side here. off the top of my head, valid DMCA takedowns? not really. in 117 AD, the roman empire controlled about half the total area of contemporary china (5 million km^2 vs 9.6 million km^2). the estimated population at this time was 70 million, two orders of magnitude off china's 1.4 billion today. the only way you could consider rome to have been "bigger" is to consider what fraction of the world's population fell within its borders. about 21% of the world's population lived in the roman empire versus china's 18.4% share today. [1][2] edit: or did you mean china contemporary to rome haha? most relevant figures are for the han dynasty. area was 6.5 million km^2 in 100 AD, and population was 57.6 million in 2 AD, making the two empires roughly comparable in size. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Empire [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty no real reason. it's just that 86400000 / 10^2 ~= 0.01 and 365 is relatively close to pi shifted two places. there's no direct relationship between orbital period and length of day. > And I sometimes wonder if humans were smarter before civilization replaced evolution as the driving factor for intelligence. this is an odd proposition. evolution has not been replaced; rather, the evolutionary pressures have changed. in any case, civilization is not much more than 10,000 years old, which is pretty short in evolutionary timescales. and although we employ some measures (ie social services) to prevent the weakest from dying outright, it seems like long term strategic thought is more important than ever. for instance, it takes 5-7 years for a high school grad to get a master's degree. can you really envision an adult hunter-gatherer working towards something for that long without seeing the fruits of their labor? their environment mandated a much shorter term focus to avoid starvation or lethal competition from other humans. > But at some point I realized that most of the time you aren’t getting in trouble because you are breaking the rules. You are getting in trouble because you are making the rule makers unhappy. i had a similar realization in late high-school / early college, but worded a little differently. the rules themselves were never designed to be reasonable; they were designed to solve problems that the rule makers encountered in the past and afford them a "legitimate" means of recourse. no one ever intended to apply them consistently. this is why you can generally break as many rules as you want, so long as you don't actually cause a problem for someone. on the flip side, if you create a problem, they damn sure have an applicable rule on the books. >> Maybe try to figure out how to make the work fun? > I don't think this is the right approach, because you need the ability to focus on work even when it is not fun. this is just coming from my personal experience, but i think it is very important for a kid to have a job sometime in the high school years. my parents are fairly well off and they "protected" me from this need by just giving me spending money (sometimes for a trivial amount of chores, but usually just free money), so that a menial job would not distract me from my studies. of course, i just spent that money on frivolous things and outings with friends that distracted me from school anyway, and i ended up doing quite poorly (though i made it most of the way through a fairly prestigious school before it caught up with me). eventually i transferred to a regional (but still quite rigorous) university and had to get a restaurant job to pay my expenses. i learned a whole lot about the world real fast. it wasn't so much that i learned about the value of steady work, but rather that low wage jobs in low margin industries really slam home the point that you will never have anything unless you put in the work, and i worked real hard from that point on. i still have bouts of procrastination, but i never just let things slide now, and every time i spend a dollar i feel the amount of my own labor that i am letting go. sure, but this is still just a consequence of the definition of "second" and a coincidental relationship between orbital period and day length. you can readily see that no such relationship holds for any of the other planets in our system. unless i am grossly misunderstanding something, this is just an interesting tautology, similar to why torque and power curves for ICEs always cross at the same rpm. i agree, and i often think things out explicitly that way. i actually take a step further though. some fraction of my expenses are fixed (rent, insurance, food to an extent) which leaves me with some percentage of disposable income, call it 25% for this example. so if i get paid $20/hr, a $20 item that isn't absolutely necessary doesn't cost me one hour of work, but rather four, because three quarters of that money is "already spent". suddenly it doesn't seem like i need the shiny new gadget that badly. > I think training in literary analysis is a secret superpower for life what exactly do you mean by literary analysis here? i have (in my opinion) extremely good reading comprehension skills, in that i can read and understand the literal meaning of almost any text (provided i understand the context), and i got an 800 on the critical reading section of the SAT. on the other hand, i can't for the life of me read a book and pick out any of the major themes without having them spoon-fed to me. i was always terrified when i was expected to have my own opinion about a text to use as the topic for a paper. > This, to me, seems just as disruptive to the creative freedom of a program's producers/writers/directors. only if there is a wide disparity in the price companies are willing to pay to have their product in the show. say you have a show about a lawyer and they need a car to drive around in. my guess is bmw and mercedes offer similar amounts of money, so you just pick the one that the character would prefer. on the other hand, you're probably not going to see anyone using a pixel 2 outside of mr robot. i have a zero fee, zero minimum account with schwab that also gives me access to their ETFs with no trade commissions or monthly limits, and the ETFs themselves have extremely low expense ratios. also they reimburse any ATM fees in full every month. what advantages does Usaa have over this setup? i've never actually tried this, but i believe you can deposit relatively small amounts of physical cash into a schwab account at an ATM. i am lucky to have a branch near me, where i have only ever received excellent service, but i could imagine that a credit union could have better customer service overall. > Also, a university has computer resources that no student can match. this probably only matters for graduate+ level studies and perhaps a couple upper level electives for undergrads. in my whole time as an undergrad (at a well-regarded regional school), i only used our HPC cluster once for a trivial parallelism project in my algorithms class. the vast majority of my school projects required the compute resources of a 10 year old laptop, anyway. having paid experts on staff that are required to hold office hours and field questions is a much more compelling advantage of university imo. they're not useful for the discussion we are trying to have in this thread, but it seems a bit presumptuous to say that the entire study is complete nonsense because they use certain terms of art in the way they are normally understood within their field. a paper talking about the "power" of turing machines is not hogwash simply because other people mean something different when they talk about compute power. > Any supplier thinking long-term I'm sure will recognize the economic downside of killing off their clientele maybe, maybe not. often when someone overdoses, the dealer has customers lined up around the block the next day. addicts don't know whether that particular stuff was cut with fent or just stronger than usual, and they don't particularly care. even if enough people were dying that it made a significant dent in sales, i doubt it would change anything for the suppliers. selling fentanyl as heroin is massively more profitable than just selling heroin, and there's no way to do it safely. low doses of heroin are in the tens of milligrams, while fentanyl can have a potent effect at doses less than one milligram. this makes it really hard to achieve a homogenous mixture; there's basically always going to be some potentially lethal hotspots. i think this is a good idea, but it would require a lot of thought to ensure that the wallet linking requirement does not deanonymize paid users. i assume youre aware that BTC is not actually anonymous without taking some nontrivial steps. i actually used to avoid vevo because it would usually give you the censored version of popular songs. > I'm far from coins, but heard that monero may be more anonymous i'm in a similar position. i find crypto interesting but i don't understand it well enough to be confident about the anonymity provided. a concern i have is that people are already looking for ways to deanonymize crypto wallets and tor users separately. to link tor to crypto wallets would seem to increase the attack surface to deanonymize tor users. i'll leave it to those more knowledgeable than me to say how much of a risk this really is. again, i do think it is very important for the long term viability of tor to create more incentive for users to support it financially. i'm guessing your name is timvdalen? > Every piece of the pie picked up by the 0.1 percent, in relative terms, had to come from the people below. this statement is literally true, but aside from "in relative terms", the wording of the whole sentence seems to evoke a zero sum game. I see this type of writing in most articles about inequality and I wish the authors would strive to be more explicit. it's an important distinction, even if we agree that relative gains are just significant as absolute gains. to be clear, I am not criticizing the author for not explicitly using the term "zero-sum game"; however dysfunctional the economy may be, it is clearly not that. I am criticizing the author for writing about relative gains using language (e.g. "pie", "taking from", "giving up") that is clearly evocative of a zero sum game. it encourages the uncareful reader to conflate absolute and relative gains. does the threat model require anything more? i haven't really been exposed to consoles since i was a kid, but i don't get the impression that end users do anything terribly sensitive on them. i thought that whatever security existed was mainly intended to combat piracy. if the majority of the risk falls on sony, i don't really care how well they secure the device. your argument essentially reduces to "$1.01mm net + $80k salary is much more well off than $1.01mm net + low salary". unless A happens to be a financial wizard, this is always going to be true no matter how A's assets are allocated. i'm not sure what your point is with respect to counting primary residences in net worth. if A were truly worse off for having the house (and they very well may be with that lopsided allocation), they could just sell it. a typical yearly return on $1.01mm is very close to the median household income in the US. having a private jet is likely not "economical" unless you fly a lot . but it's still a better experience than flying first class in almost every way. the biggest advantage is that you set the schedule yourself. some routes only have one or two non-stop flights per day. now you have a non-stop flight whenever you want. combined with the fact that you no longer have to show up early to make sure you have time for security (now you never go through security at all, and if you're late the plane waits for you), this is a huge time saver. you can also have much better accommodations on your own plane. better alcohol, food you actually want to eat, even more comfortable seats, etc. you can guarantee that a child will never scream in your ear or kick the back of your seat. comparing a private jet to first class is honestly ridiculous, the experiences are leagues apart. i would fly privately if i could remotely afford it. the real question is what advantage is there to owning a plane versus simply chartering them on demand. i assume it just comes down to frequency of travel. > The more cynical view is that this was done on purpose to harm blue states that tend to have higher state income taxes this could very well be true, but it does seem unfair in the first place to be able to deduct state income tax. it's great that some states have decided to increase their income taxes to offer more services to their citizens, but why should tax payers in other states have to subsidize them without receiving any benefit? not exactly, only about 15 states pay more federal tax than they receive back, and they're not all the ones you would expect. [0] still, this is a valid point. the net flow of cash is certainly an important thing to consider, but i do think it is worth making the distinction between federal and state taxes. i happen to live in a (very blue) state that receives more federal dollars than we pay in taxes. if i lived in a creditor state, i would certainly not be thrilled with the situation, but i would accept that the tax is raised (at least ostensibly) for the national interest and may not be spent evenly among the states. state taxes, on the other hand, are raised exclusively for the benefit of that state. we can argue about how to allocate federal dollars most fairly, but i really feel that state taxes should not be directly subsidized by citizens of other states. [0] https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/05/which-s... they don't state how they do this ranking very explicitly, but it seems to be some combination of number of jobs, median pay, and local cost of living. there aren't a ton of software jobs within the city, but there are many software companies paying DC salaries within a 30-60 minute commute to the southwest. the cost of living in baltimore is also quite low, but many of the neighborhoods probably fall short of what your typical SWE would be willing to tolerate. i think the argument is that, while refusing to serve the gay couple at all would be illegal discrimination, refusing to make a cake with their specific design is not. although i find it gross that people would have an issue making this type of cake, i find the free speech angle somewhat compelling in this case. as originally formulated, yes, but no one really cares about transistor density itself; we care because it correlates well with performance. not sure whether you are being flippant, but i seriously think about this sometimes. while there is great suffering in the human world, the animal world is even more brutal. at the same time, i can't begin to imagine what an insect's experience of the world is like. you can certainly observe wounded insects experiencing what looks like pain, but do they truly "suffer" in the sense that a human does? > Obviously companies have all the power, and we need to fight a guerrilla style war against corporate hegemony, and we obviously have to take strategic consideration of these facts. virtually no one who posts on this website will be better off after the revolution. why dedicate your life to screwing yourself? > it disallows an English speaker to refer to a person in a gender unspecified way it's really not that hard to use singular "they". we already do it naturally in instances like "someone left their coat here. i hope they don't need it today." it only gets confusing when you try to talk about a gender unspecified member of a group and the group at the same time. you can certainly debate whether you should have to adjust the way you speak, but it's not like what people are requesting with pronouns is actually hard. this is just not true, at least on the east coast. i rent a 4br house just over the city line that's listed for ~$200k . 10 minute drive to downtown and a 30 minute commute to work. if i wanted to i could easily come up with the down payment for this house in a couple years on my entry level engineer's salary. in my office park alone, there are already several other software companies right there that i could conceivably work at. once you rule out NYC, Boston, and the other megacities, there are still many mid-sized cities with good food, music, etc. they don't have nearly the same troubles with traffic, so it's often pretty easy to find a good job in the burbs if they dont do software in the city center. > What's the point of high income when you have to use it to buy things you otherwise get as part of the package anyway it doesn't just cancel out though. software devs in the states make much more money, to the point where you can easily afford the things that the government would provide you in europe. plus you obviously have to pay for those things through taxes anyway, and guess who pays the lions share of that. if you are in a high income bracket, you are always going to pay more in than you get back in direct services. personally i think the situation is fairly exaggerated. anyone who gets through an undergrad program in CS can probably live like you if they are smart about debt and adjust their expectations (ie, not living it up in NYC/SF). that said, the main thing that gets people is educating their children. a lot of highly desirable places to live as a single person or young couple have pretty bad public school options. the places with good public schools are genuinely expensive in a lot of locales. take a look at home prices in areas around you with good schools and/or look at private school tuitions and you might see how professionals with kids can start to get squeezed.