Hmm. I took a look at the code and was disappointed to see it's using the Coinbase API. Hardly decentralised. Unfortunately it's hard to replace with direct usage of the P2P network because it relies on sending money to an email address: i.e. a trusted third party has to hold the money until the recipient picks it up. What if they never pick it up? What if they don't actually want bitcoins? It seems to me like a decentralised solution would be easy to code up, if only we add an additional requirement: someone who wants a payout should put a Bitcoin address into the pull request or commit description. Then BitHub would be able to make payouts directly from its own wallet with no Coinbase dependency, and a committer has to opt-in to receiving the funds. I might take a look at coding this up soon. BitHub is Java so using bitcoinj and XChange would be very easy. The entire setup was a sham from the start. The reason HSBC didn't deny everything is because publicly being fined and saying nothing about it was the condition on avoiding prosecution. Remember, the PATRIOT Act can give bankers 20 year jail sentences even if they did not know what was happening . Jailing innocent people from crimes committed by basically random other people is absurd and yet that is what Congress has put in place. If your choice, as a banker, was to piss off a government hell-bent on making you a scapegoat and risk going in front of a jury of poor people who hate bankers, charged of violating a law it's impossible not to violate, and which carries a 20 year jail sentence, you would agree to a deal as well. The US allegations were ridiculous anyway. They claimed HSBC "knew" there was money laundering taking place merely because money was moving from Mexico to America. I'm sure HSBC execs, having read newspapers and watched TV, were quite confident there was drug money in that stream. This is quite different to knowing precise account numbers of drug cartels with a high degree of certainty. I don't recall the latter being alleged, however. Whether a country is "high risk" or not is not some well defined standard, it's an entirely subjective opinion. The US Government might have liked to consider Mexico high risk, but they aren't the ones who have to do all the investigative work on every transaction. If you look at the FATF-GATI (international AML org) recommendations, they have their own list of which countries are "high risk" (and Mexico has not been on it lately, as far as I recall). What the USG is saying here is they think HSBC should have been treating internal HSBC-to-HSBC transfers as high risk and reviewing them all. But this doesn't make much sense for a single company. The lack of it certainly cannot be equated to a deliberate "disabling" of controls. With respect to the repair queue, this is due to America's insane approach to sanctions - a transfer from country A to country B where there are no sanctions on B in A, that happens to get routed via a US bank, would have sanctions applied, despite that no laws were being violated by either party to the transaction. In order to work around this brain damage EU banks routinely edited ("repaired") wire transfers to avoid hitting the Great Firewall of America, safe in the knowledge that they were not violating any sanctions laws where they lived. Later, the US decided that jurisdiction was such a bothersome concept they decided that anyone who made a transfer to Iran, anywhere, regardless of local laws at the time, was guilty of money laundering. See also: Standard Charter. I don't think people here seem to realise the general backstory here. The US Government lies all the time . They routinely get innocent people to plead guilty without any kind of trial by threatening them with absurdly over-harsh penalties. The HSBC case is a classic example of this dynamic in action. Which is correct behaviour and what governments all ask banks to do, believe it or not. It's called the "risk based approach" in the AML jargon. The problem with AML laws is that they are so vague, it's impossible to ever really be sure you're in compliance. They turn banks into a privatised police force. How much effort should they make? Governments won't tell. They just say "be sensible about it". Banks hate this, as would you in their position, they want clarity about what to do, but governments don't want to give them a list of boxes to tick because they feel it'd be too slow and inflexible to keep up with criminals. See the problem? Banks invest VAST sums in AML compliance. They develop automated software to spot suspicious transactions, they have massive internal compliance departments, they ID verify all their customers. It's a huge, huge drain (which is passed on to all of us, of course). But how much is enough? As far as the Justice Department is concerned, there can never be enough. Whilst criminals exist, it must mean failures of compliance by banks. DOJ did not drop it because they are too lazy. They were chomping at the bit to prosecute. Go read up on the background to this. DOJ dropped it because the Treasury panicked and got into a massive fight with them. Treasury is responsible for AML laws and know full well how stupid they are - they became very scared that actually enforcing the laws Congress had passed to their full extent would trigger another financial crisis due to an exodus of trained staff. What DOJ wanted to do quite literally is jail CEOs in America for crimes committed by drug dealers in Mexico regardless of whether or not they knew anything about it . If they had succeeded, just imagine the impact that would have had on the finance industry. Under that standard, every single banker in the world would be a criminal facing jail time. Many of them would try to get out of banking as fast as possible, and banks couldn't easily survive massive simultaneous exits of senior staff. No, you keep saying this. There is NO consensus that Mexico is high risk. In fact the consensus is that it isn't. Go look at this list: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativej... The FATF (Financial Action Task Force) co-ordinates AML regulations around the world. Note that Mexico is not on the list. Nor has it been there for a long time. What's more, HSBC classified Mexico as standard risk but this did not override account level risk markers, it just meant they were not attempting to manually investigate every single wire transfer in or out of Mexico, an impossibly vast job. Wire traffic between US and Mexico is vastly larger than between, say, US and Algeria. HSBC did not do anything wrong here. Hmm I've found the latest versions to already start up very fast. What are you comparing against currently? I use command line tools written in Java all the time and don't really notice it. MPS is really amazing (or crazy, depending on your perspective). It's been in development for years and is perhaps best described an IDE for building languages and IDEs. So there's a structural/projectionally edited language for defining structurally/projectionally edited languages (yes really), another one for type systems, another one for converting such languages into other languages. Eventually things compile down to Java (textually) so you can use all the standard libraries and so on. There are even languages for defining IntelliSense style IDE features. The main problem with these kinds of things is the incredibly sharp learning curve. It's more of a learning wall, really. It's a lot of effort to learn, and then it turns out that it's really hard to get in the mindset of defining new languages to solve problems, even when it's been made a lot easier than using yacc/lex/writing your own compiler backend/etc. I never really found a use for it, but I keep it filed away in the back of my mind in case one day I do. But before UNIX there was Symbolics, and Symbolics failed in the market whereas UNIX succeeded. That's not an "exploit", that's just how all these services work. For a large service there really isn't a good way to implement private set intersection as would be required for this - all the techniques that might work are deep into academic-paper-only territory, forget about finding a convenient open source implementation lying around on github, let alone a mature one. The other one, bulk registration of accounts, is also not an exploit using any conventional definition of the word. I spent years fighting bulk account signup abuse at Google. When we failed it was not an exploit in our system, because that implies you can provide some kind of cast-iron security guarantees on par with cryptography; you can't, all you can do is rate limit and try to detect bogus accounts. It's like finding a way to send spam and calling it an exploit. The poor crypto is disappointing but hardly unique: the field of crypto in general has given people poor tools to work with. Things like NaCL are barely known where as lower level primitives are supported out of the box by basically every OS/platform out there, with little or no guidance on the best way to use them. Why would you do that vs just writing a normal downloadable app? It's got nothing to do with fraud checks. Transfers take days because banks largely run on mainframes programmed in the 1970s. Because of the (by todays standards) peculiar designs those machines had, the bulk of the work is done at night in batch jobs. The vast size and complexity of the software, combined with archaic platforms, their business-critical nature, and almost total absence of competition means that banks don't upgrade to more modern systems unless forced (see the UK same day payments initiative). Then the banking network is not a perfectly connected system so sometimes payments must be routed via intermediate banks. That's why it can end up taking days. It isn't designed to deflate. That's a common misconception: http://bitcoin.org/en/faq#wont-bitcoin-fall-in-a-deflationar... The two cannot really be unentwined, especially not now. Which of the four "requirements" are precise enough to realistically be laws? They appear to boil down to opinions of some random people on a committee, that's why they contain language like "Google did not do enough" - well, what would be enough? Every single Google account holder was emailed in the runup to the change and there were banners on all the websites for weeks or longer, if I remember correctly. The notification effort was huge. One of the points of the new Google privacy policy was to be simple and unified, so you actually could read it. Before that there was a different policy for each service, and they were often long, which practically guaranteed nobody could read them all. CNIL doesn't even deny that the new policy was a good thing but they levied a fine anyway! Script is not mentioned at all in the Bitcoin white paper. Perhaps you are thinking of a comment he made elsewhere. Bear in mind that in the Bitcoin design it's not just miners who have to run scripts, it's all nodes, yet fees accrue only to the miners. Bitcoin does use fees to try and make computationally expensive transactions financially expensive as well, but that's just a basic antiflood mechanism, the fees don't actually get collected by those doing the work. Doesn't work for me unfortunately, I see no textures and a lot of errors like this: WebGL: INVALID_VALUE: texImage2D: width or height out of range [.WebGLRenderingContext]RENDER WARNING: texture bound to texture unit 0 is not renderable. It maybe non-power-of-2 and have incompatible texture filtering or is not 'texture complete' This is on a retina MacBook Pro. I guess there's some hw incompatibility there. Chrome 32. Globe texture shows up in Firefox though it's a little choppy. Other feedback: I suspect there aren't really tons of transactions being relayed out of costa rica - is this possibly the origin point on your globe model or something? Are you filtering out transactions with no geocodable IP? Really cool visualisation anyway. Like it! The whole point of Bitcoin is that you don't need to trust third parties with your money. Pointing out that people who choose to give their coins to a third party might lose them seems trivial - yes, financial institutions collapse (if you can call something like flexcoin an institution), and yes, regulation and deposit insurance can help address that. Who was arguing otherwise? The arguments for Bitcoin are that you don't / shouldn't need anything like Flexcoin in the first place. Apparently though, some people end up buying Bitcoins and then not storing them in their own wallets, ensuring they get the worst of all worlds - no low-trust technology and no government bailouts. Their money is in banks. The existing financial system is much better at protecting peoples money from extortion and kidnapping than Bitcoin is: you can either request money in cash (and get arrested the moment you try and pick it up), or you can request a wire transfer to an account you had to give a passport to open up and where the transactions can be rolled back at any time. The fear is that it's not actually safe to be rich in Bitcoin at the moment. In theory, this can be resolved through the use of tamper-resistant secure hardware (like the chips used in credit cards): you put your bitcoins under the control of such a device and then it's programmed to only allow small "cash" withdrawals to unauthenticated addresses, and it does risk analysis and requires authenticated addresses for everything else. But no such devices exist yet. HTML5 was supposed to be the answer when the iPhone 1 was first announced. It still sucks many years later. Draw your own conclusions .... I think the issue is not so much that a scary adversary could simultaneously hack Twitter, GitHub, etc - that seems hard. The real problem is that all these services will, in the default configuration (no 2-factor auth), perform password resets via your email account. Thus if you succeed in hacking someone's mail account you can take control of their other accounts and go ahead and verify a new keybase profile. Unfortunately there's no way to know externally if someone uses 2-factor, so it's hard to judge how meaningful a Keybase profile really is. The mitigating factors here are: 1) Most "good" services at least those used by the tech geek community do support 2SV these days, which would raise the bar somewhat for people who use it, although I suspect several of those services will still unlock 2SV for you if you say you lost your second factor and know enough about the account (Google does). 2) Someone would obviously notice that their passwords had all been reset and could sound the alarm. But in practice, I think this feels like not much different to just verifying ownership of an email address, which is what CA's already do (and there are PGP CA's if you don't want to use X.509). Comodo will do it for free, it's integrated with the browser via the HTML5 keygen tag, and it takes just a couple of minutes. Are you suggesting US law requires companies to aggressively try and poach each others staff? That would be remarkable and amazing if so. What if you aren't particularly interested in staffing a large recruiting division, and don't cold-call anyone? What if you think cold-calling is like spam and just feel it's not something your company should do? Do you get in trouble for holding down wages? Er, did you read the email? Brin explicitly says they have people working on Firefox and were thinking of making a modified version of it, but hadn't made the final call yet. Venmo is unavailable outside the USA (or at least, it's not available in my area). Splitwise appears to be just a web2.0 accounting type app? I didn't see any mention of actually moving money around. Bitcoin isn't actually that great for splitting bills at the moment because wallets don't have Splitwise type features. But in theory once added it should be quite convenient, assuming you can tolerate the usual Bitcoin downsides. I think you're right that currently there's not a whole lot of incentive for people to use Bitcoin in the USA, especially for local transactions. But the system is still very new. It's hard to know how things will work out in future. All we do know is that the payments market, especially the American payments market, is extremely stagnant. The USA is stuck in a timewarp from most of the worlds perspective despite a proliferation of little startups that try and do something hip with magstripe cards. I mean, this is a country where people still routinely use cheques. So it may well be that Bitcoin, as it matures and adds features, finds a way to be competitive against credit cards, especially now the rules forbidding price differentials are being struck down. The IRS decision is a problem for sure, but it's also specific to one geography. The UK tax authority decided the same thing (Bitcoin is not a currency) and then changed their mind shortly afterwards. Bitcoin quite clearly IS currency by any reasonable definition that doesn't boil down to "a currency is whatever the government says a currency is", and so hopefully at some point the IRS decision would be changed in favour of common sense. Why don't you just .... use Bitcoin Core. Or bitcoinj, or any API that doesn't rely on third party infrastructure? The OP was complaining that blockchain.info has outages (which it does), so there's one reason. But more generally, the whole point of Bitcoin is you don't have to rely on trusted third parties. You might as well say, "the bank can't really try to gamble with your money, it'd ruin its business". But it happens! Now block explorer sites can't gamble with your money, but they can do plenty of other things. The assumption that they won't do problematic things because it'd hurt their business is just as weak. E.g. what happens if they start charging you fees? But more generally I wonder why people are doing this. If your app really needs indexed access to the entire block chain, you probably designed it wrong. If your app doesn't, then you could as well use local software. In Java 8 the JVM knows how to compile AES straight through to AES-NI invocations, so the CPU itself is doing the hardware accelerated crypto (in constant time). It's not necessarily the case that higher level languages have to be unsafer: especially not on something like a server where the overhead of JIT compilers get amortized out. I wrote an article called, "Why you think the PKI sucks but can't do any better" that goes over every single proposed alternative to it and explains why none of them work: https://medium.com/p/d04ea6a2c771 It's also got links to various security usability studies that are required reading for anyone who cares about this space. tl;dr - the article is dumb, heartbleed doesn't even have anything to do with X.509. Yes, that's because browsers don't want to put security of hundreds of millions of users in the hands of any Joe Random that asks for it. Running a CA is expensive because they are held to very high standards. You need to have your root keys inside an HSM, you need to have multiple people on your board who can access those keys, you need to set policies for certificate issuance that meet the CA/B requirements, you need to run OCSP servers, you need to be audited by a third party to verify you're actually following all those rules, all those things take money so then you need billing and charging people money implies you need support. In future you may need to take part in the CT audit logging system as well. Taking out any of these things and you'd be left with something that is significantly worse. That's why it costs money to be a CA _that browsers trust_. Of course if you want to be a CA that doesn't care about browsers, that's like three lines of code at the command line. This does not mean that the CA system is broken. There's a huge middle ground between "anyone can do it for free" and "totalitarian oligopoly". $1M to start a business is not that high compared to many other businesses. And if it was discovered, that CA would be revoked at huge cost and a ton of people would be very unhappy. Does the US Govt care? Maybe ... there are no references to such a root key seizure in any of his docs so far. Or maybe not. Just lots of talk about stealing private keys directly from the original holders. But who can really know? Suffice it to say there are attackers in this world other than the NSA. In this case, "them coming" just means a consumer boycott, at worst. It is in absolutely no way comparable to goons dragging people off to death chambers and you demean this debate by implying it is. Oh please. You cannot "launder money" with Starbucks gift cards unless you use a completely ridiculous definition of the term (which occasionally you find over-enthusiastic regulators doing, but that is no excuse). How is that discount funded though? I mean, who is paying the other 10%? They don't maintain it properly today. Go look at bugzilla, there are quite a few new feature patches from Google that just never get reviewed, let alone merged. Smartcard support is pretty important for a lot of people. If Chrome drops that feature, that would be a huge shame. That's not how money laundering works. Let's say you start out with drug money. You would like to get this money into the banking system so you can use it to buy a house. This is a standard money laundering problem. If you turn up at the bank with bags full of cash, the bank will ask where you got that money from, and lots of proof that it was legitimate. They will also file paperwork with the government stating that you made suspicious transactions, or they might just deny you entirely. Obviously, you can't say "I got this money selling drugs" so you need a plausible explanation - this is what money launderers do. So you take your drug money and buy lots of gift cards. Then you resell them at a discount. What you get back is .... cash (or bitcoins which are essentially digital cash). So the bank asks you the same questions. Your explanation is, "I got this money selling gift cards at a loss". This does not hold water, will not be accepted by the bank and thus does not solve your problem, or even take a step towards solving your problem. OK. Thanks for cheap drinks, I guess, but what's in it for you? I mean, how long do you plan to keep this up? A legitimate business being abused by carders is not money laundering either. If that was the case every single online store in existence would be guilty of money laundering. I've heard stories of some businesses that have seen 30-40% fraud rates on card transactions at times. Breaking instant payments doesn't make Bitcoin more secure, it just makes it less useful. The model generalises to probabilistic rewriting of the block chain, there's nothing special about confirmed vs unconfirmed. Bitcoin assumes the majority of hash power obeys the rules. At the moment, nobody knows how to build a system in which the majority of all players are dishonest and colluding against you, and Bitcoin is definitely not such a system. People who think it can be trivially evolved into such a system need a reality check: the more miners become dishonest and don't play by the rules, the less useful Bitcoin becomes. It doesn't take 51% to make it practically useless either. You're the guy who created it, aren't you? Double spends are not currently "very viable", as indicated by the fact that they were not happening and accepting instant payment is the standard. This is objective reality, not something you can argue away. A different world being theoretically possible does not translate into it magically happening with no effort. You are making an effort to change our happy situation for your own profit, in other words, to make Bitcoin less useful over the long run to benefit yourself in the short run. I can't tell if you're motivated by greed or a particularly poorly thought out world view. Also, why are you claiming this is somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions? Corrupt miners can also rewrite the block chain. If you get paid enough and have enough hash power, why not see if you can overtake the chain head? So don't claim it's somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions. It isn't. Bitcoin fundamentally assumes that the majority of mining power is "honest", defined to mean following the rules laid down by Satoshi in the core software. You can see this by simply reading the white paper: "The system is secure as long as honest nodes collectively control more CPU power than any cooperating group of attacker nodes." (last sentence, first page) You are attempting to bribe miners to become "dishonest" and "attack the network" in Satoshi's language. If enough people did what you suggest, the system's fundamental assumption would be invalidated and the entire network would break. If merely a small number of people do it, it just makes the system unreliable, untrustworthy and pushes people towards centralised fixes like payment processors that levy higher fees, trusted third parties that prevent double spending, secure hardware, etc. All things that increase Bitcoin's costs and reduce its competitiveness vs regular banking. Doing this doesn't help anyone or prove any point, it just adds sand into an otherwise useful system by increasing transaction costs. tl;dr you are like a kid kicking down someone's sandcastle on a beach, then saying "they should have been guarding it better, anyone could have done what i did!". There are no patches for it. Bitcoin is a system that is woefully misunderstood by many people. It is not a honey badger. It is at heart a system that takes a positive view on humanity. It's a system built on the assumption that the majority of players are honest and stick to the rules. In a world in which most people think long term and don't spend all their time trying to stab each other in the back, this works. But is humanity really that way? Or does society require a small number of rulers keeping the ruled in line? Every day that Bitcoin works well, the answer shifts towards "no, decentralisation of power can work". And if BitUndo gathers significant hash power, the answer shifts more towards "yes, decentralised solutions can't work if they rely on an honest majority". If you read the literature, distributed systems very commonly require some kind of honest majority, if only because the definition of "honest" needs to be set by something. There isn't really a way to make Bitcoin work in a world where most other players are colluding against you. Come on Gregory. You don't need to provide citations for reality. Just go and spend some Bitcoins into the economy, then tell me how many sellers required 6 confirmations. I don't remember the last time anyone required me to wait except for exchanges. I think people involved with it over the long term have always said that it's a risky experiment that might fail. Bitcoin resembles a sandcastle far more than a honey badger, that's for sure. "Honesty" is defined to mean "following the rules". The first seen rule is a part of that set. BitUndo isn't attempting to fork the chain today, but they certainly could - it's a simple extension of their model. Double spending for a fee doesn't really care whether a tx is unconfirmed or not, it simply alters the price charged. Security isn't a binary yes/no thing and double-spending-for-a-fee does not require unconfirmed transactions. Confirmed txns can be replaced too, it just costs more. He's talking about something called the PBL (policy blocklist). The idea is it contains IP ranges that aren't "supposed" to send mail, like consumer ADSL ranges. People who want to send mail from home directly are supposed to do so via their ISPs SMTP servers, which may be configured to relay but only from IPs the ISP controls. At least in theory this shields who you're talking to, somewhat. But I think a radical rethink like Pond is perhaps a better way forward: https://pond.imperialviolet.org/ DigiNotar got revoked partly because they got hacked, but mostly because they had zero acceptable followup. There was no good enough postmortem describing their mistakes and how they would correct them, and they also engaged in a coverup. Browser makers do not engage in instant execution of any CA that makes a mistake, because CA's are run by humans and to err is human. What they insist on is coming clean when mistakes are made, and steps taken ASAP to restore confidence, like publishing a real post mortem and making business changes to ensure the same mistake can't happen again. Do you have any plans to release the code you have so far? Seems it'd be a fairly big effort to catch up with where you got to so far, especially the live editor. Great. Is there some way we can find out when you release it? Not all checked exceptions are bad. The main problem is that the core Java libraries tend to use them too aggressively and now of course cannot be changed. You really have to be sure that the caller MUST handle a particular occurrence and anything else is a bug to make an exception checked. But, I do find it helps me feel more confident in my code. Everyone hates writing error handling code, but at least with checked exceptions you can see whether it's been done properly or not. But in Java 8 for the times when I want to disable it, I just use the following code: public interface UncheckedRun { public T run() throws Throwable; } public interface UncheckedRunnable { public void run() throws Throwable; } public static T unchecked(UncheckedRun run) { try { return run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void uncheck(UncheckedRunnable run) { try { run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void ignoreAndLog(UncheckedRunnable runnable) { try { runnable.run(); } catch (Throwable t) { log.error("Ignoring error", t); } } Then you can write Foo result = unchecked(() -> getAndMaybeThrow(a, b)); I'm looking a lot at Kotlin. It's not mature yet: JetBrains will start using it this summer for their own projects and I expect it to firm up a lot then. The nice thing about Kotlin is almost perfect compatibility with Java, and an auto-translator that doesn't suck. So you can take an existing Java codebase and auto translate class by class, maintaining compilability the whole time. Also the standard library is mostly a set of extensions to the JDK so your existing library knowledge ports across, except you keep finding useful goodies sprinkled all over the place. Feature-wise Kotlin has things that I feel would help me write fewer bugs: it has null-safety encoded into the type system, smart casts, extension methods, some good functional programming support, powerful properties and so on. There are features it lacks too, but I hope JetBrains will continue to push it forward for many years. Putting in place measures to avoid being screwed over by Washington's control of payments infrastructure is not "moving to turn Russia into another China". It's being smart and pragmatic. Visa and MasterCard have been working in Russia for years, apparently unmolested judging from their joint market share. Now they are being turned into weapons by US politicians .... again. This is a huge, massive trend in US politics: seizing control of power points in the financial system and squeezing them as part of proxy wars against people, countries or classes of businesses they don't like (see Operation Choke Point). As someone in Europe, I don't see this as Russia becoming communist. I see it as Putin standing up for his country and I wish the EU would do the same, instead of allowing SWIFT to be turned into a tool of the US Treasury. "The world" probably doesn't care about punishing Russia. That's the sort of thing that makes Republicans hard but the average guy on the street has bigger things to worry about. Certainly, westerners being told they can't go on holiday to Russia or buy Russian made software or other things is not going to suddenly make the people in east Ukraine decide they actually love the unelected government they got landed with. Due process is a concept that applies (or is supposed to apply) to governments. It does not apply to private financial services companies. Politicians have realised this and are now aggressively and vigorously violating it by stepping outside the regular judicial system and simply scaring banks/card companies into stopping business with anyone said politicians don't like. It wasn't Russia that started this trend. It was America. As opposed to the stagnant duopoly VISA/MasterCard, who routinely manage to find ways to stiff their merchants with fines, fees and who are deeply in bed with US politicians? As opposed to PayPal that routinely seizes funds for no reason at all? What kind of corruption are you afraid of, that the world doesn't already have to deal with? The same way the USA has been taking control of the rest of the financial system. They say to American VISA/MC executives, "we require any transactions processed by your subsidiary to comply with US sanctions, or else we're going to tell the whole world that you're a bunch of financial terrorists and throw you in jail". Then the US executives say, OK, then we won't process payments in Russia. And then Russia says .... Games are not "using plugins" today. They are either shipped as console games on DVDs/BluRays, or as native apps you download and run either for PC/Mac/tablet OS's. asm.js is a bizarre hack. You're sending someone assembly code for a CPU that doesn't exist, as text . It would have been far superior to just figure out CPU family specific sandboxes as NaCL did, and then accept that only two CPU architectures matter these days: x86 and ARM. If you can sandbox both, you're done and if someone wants to invent some super-duper new ISA they can damn well make code easily sandboxed when they design it. Maven has a lot of jargon. I also found it confusing when I started. POMS, artifacts, plugins, reactors etc ... heck I still find Maven confusing and unintuitive sometimes. Their docs are awful: typical failure mode for software that's in love with the idea of plugins. The Gmail frontend is Java. The backend (mail routing, spam filtering, virus checking and parts of storage etc) is C++. I wouldn't read too much into that. Google Engineering has huge budgets and all kinds of random projects get paid for with no better justification than "this is good for the web, therefore it's good for us". I worked there for years. Seeing really deep, well thought out business plans there was a rarity especially for small projects like hosting web fonts or running DNS resolvers. Heck, even for very large projects sometimes the accounting was unbelievably carefree. All major mail providers already use sophisticated reputation systems. The difficulty of calculating global reputations for the entire internet, quickly and with statistically meaningful results is one of the reasons email consolidates under the control of a handful of big companies. You really don't want to try and replicate that on your own. Source: I was part of the Gmail spam/abuse team for several years. Email that you delete from Gmail (once it falls out of the trash) IS deleted permanently after a while. It's not immediate because it has to wait for backups to cycle around and rewrite old storage, but it does happen. Why do search engines provide no context? That seems remarkably arbitrary. This notion that it's right and proper for information to be theoretically available in some technical sense, but it's bad that it be actually findable and usable, is absurd. No need for it to be hypothetical - exactly this is happening in the Bitcoin world right now. Someone got elected to the board of the Bitcoin Foundation and once the election was over, people bothered to search for his name (oddly not before?) and discovered he has murky allegations that he was found in a house that had lots of child porn and guns, but it all happened a long time ago and there were no charges filed. So: exactly that situation. Now people are resigning from the Foundation because of that history. The situation obviously really sucks for the guy in question, but is making that information hard to find really the fix? I doubt it - eventually someone would have discovered anyway, and then attempting to get it removed from search engines would merely "seal the deal" in the minds of some people. The problem is not access to information. It's that too many people in our society can't handle this new found power, to discover or read things people did long ago. Look at how people repeat things Mark Zuckerberg said a decade ago as if he couldn't possibly have changed since he was a university student. That's not a problem with search engines or the subjects: it's a problem with all of us. It's not your data, just because it's about you. In this case the article in question was published by a newspaper, in fact due to legal requirement. So the law here is totally messed up. It says the data must be published, but must not be findable. A farce. I don't think they're on the side of the citizens. Consider that the EU was A-OK with all personal financial data being shipped to the US Treasury department, despite that it clearly violated basically every privacy law on the books. Now consider that EU countries are all falling over themselves to agree to FATCA, despite that it also violates privacy laws which say banks aren't allowed to send client data abroad. Their "solution" is that instead of banks directly sending data to the USA, first it gets sent to the local government, and then the local government sends it to the USA. See, because governments don't have to follow their own laws. Great, isn't it. So far the EU's "standing up for the citizen" amounts to selling everyone out to the Americans, and breaking the setting in my browser that says I don't want to be bugged every time a site sets a cookie. They broke my browser! And .... now this. The EU needs to get the hell away from the internet before they screw it up even more .... Yes, that's pretty much how it is. Don't believe it if you like, but you won't convince me: I was there in some of these meetings, I read the design docs, I watched these sorts of projects get approved. They just give this stuff away because they're swimming in money and it's a place run by geeks. But the data about Mr Gonazalez was true. So a search engine that filtered for veracity would not have solved his "problem". This isn't about context or truth or people's feelings being hurt by bad things being said about them. This whole episode is just bizarre. There's a statement of fact about him, in a newspaper, and it comes up when you search his name. Apparently he did nothing else of note (except this court case) so what else should be displayed? Nothing? What's the point of a search engine that doesn't give you factually correct and relevant results? It's popular because SEPA transfers are really cheap, compared to paying with credit cards. Last time I paid with SOFORT I noticed that they hadn't committed the wire transfer. KLM issued me with my flight tickets, but the wire transfer was sitting in the outbox and could have been cancelled. Not sure what happens if I cancel a payment like that - does the merchant get notified and cancel the flight tickets too? Actually Cinavia is an interesting example of trying to close the analog hole. You can point a camcorder at your screen and record a movie, but if you try and play that recording back on a fancy TV or BluRay player, it still won't work because the audio track has encoded instructions in it saying "expect an encrypted/DRMd media stream". If the player sees the content expects to be DRMd, it silences the audio after about 20 minutes. I think "BitTorrent Sync" already provides a shared folder that works this way, does it not? I guess it could be integrated into the app, but often if you can share a link you can also just share a file. For the serverless case I guess pledgers and project owners will often not be online at the same time anyway. Hi, I'm the author. Thanks for your interest! If you'd like to follow the project, you can sign up for email updates on vinumeris.com (they will be quite rare so don't worry about being spammed). Once launched, I plan to host a curated collection of projects for upgrades to Bitcoin and related software. In fact Lighthouse is partly software I'm writing for my own company, because that's how I would like to make money - by implementing open source upgrades and raising the funds to pay for it through per-project assurance contracts. As mentioned in the other replies, obviously a decentralised solution can't have any central curation built in, but people are free to run their own curated collections of projects if they like. Often though, it won't be necessary, because the creator of the project already has a good reputation and the reputation of an aggregator is inconsequential. In other cases, the entire notion of curation may be irrelevant. Consider micro assurance contracts like someone who wants to rent out a house with a pool and organise a big party with friends there, but only if enough friends commit to going for the party to be fun. This would not be allowed on Kickstarter, but Lighthouse lets you do it by simply attaching the contract file to the announcement email. Replies can have the pledges attached (you can drag the pledges right out of the app into an email compose window). So this is the kind of ultra light weight contract that might be possible in future, when you have a totally decentralised solution. It watermarks into the audio track and is by all accounts incredibly sophisticated and robust. Pirates have been trying to destroy the watermarks for years and all they achieved is making the soundtrack unlistenable. For bypassing the software verification, it can be made quite hard although it's kind of irrelevant today because it only became mandatory (via BluRay Consortium "regulations") in 2012. So there are still lots of players around that don't do it and this will be the case for the forseeable future. Verance is doing a big push to get it into TVs and other things but I'm not sure how successful they are being. The technology works without a doubt but of course when you add up licensing costs, etc, it's not always necessarily a win. What are people "pointing out" exactly? This is a ridiculous argument. If you don't care about what Google's view of the internet looks like, then ignore them, and ignore any emails from people asking you to change things on your site for them. Done. Simple. This issue crops up because people usually do care what Google's view of the internet is and would like to help make it better. Marking links as nofollow and so on is entirely optional: only people who want useful search engines do it, and others don't care. Now now, I think you're the one being disingenuous. Google's algorithm is not "everyone elses problem". If someone doesn't care about what appears on search result pages, they can just ignore everything search engines say: all their guidelines, all their advice, just chuck it out the window. Your website will still work fine. This blog does not indicate some fundamental breaking of the web. It indicates a guy got a random email from a random website, that he is free to ignore if he wants (and in fact should ignore, because the webmasters in question don't even need to contact him, they can use the disavow tool). No work to do? No problem! Whatever the NSA say, the opposite is true. Whatever Snowden has provided, has been found true. Come on. Wake up. They crossed every single line so far anyone can imagine. Of course they're doing industrial espionage. Is it even EMV that has issues? This attack rather assumes a bad RNG. No doubt some hardware with bad RNGs exist, but this would cause problems for any crypto system. It's not like EMV is somehow uniquely vulnerable to bad RNGs when other systems using cryptography aren't. The slides are in the video broadcast by Fantastico: http://g1.globo.com/fantastico/noticia/2013/09/nsa-documents... > You really are pushing your own version of events there aren't you? You mean, unlike you? Ye gods. He was not offered a lawyer by any traditional meaning of the phrase. He was offered a stooge selected by the very same people interrogating him and implying he might be a terrorist. When he asked for his own lawyer, that's when he was refused, rather shooting a hole in the idea that he would have been given good representation if he'd gone with the so generous British offer. > We are so illiberal we voluntarily reduce our legislative powers. These powers were reduced because of the overwhelming evidence that they were being abused: like by detaining people involved in journalism using powers intended for terrorism. Don't try and spin this as the UK being so awesome and democratic. We passed a stupid law that was repeatedly abused by people living in some kind of reality distortion field, and that's why the powers had to be reduced - despite the natural inclinations of many Tories. > Are you seriously suggesting that the United Kingdom should not stop and detain foreign nationals who are carrying our Top Secret data and then relieve them of that data? Whaa? Yes, of course he's seriously suggesting that. Your post speaks volumes about how disconnected you seem to have become from basic common sense. Miranda was working on data that had already been leaked to multiple journalists around the world and was going to go public no matter what. This fact was already public at the time. You can't "take back" information that was deliberately leaked to multiple journalists - at that point under any sensible set of rules the information would cease to be classified, because you can't classify something that's public knowledge. I'm blown away that you find the British government's oafish response a "masterpiece". Let's see what it achieved, shall we? * Nothing of value was obtained from Miranda. * It triggered international outcry from journalists around the globe, making Britain look stupid and illiberal on the world stage. * It pissed off Miranda's partner who then prioritised GCHQ related information for release. * It confirmed what most people already suspected or knew: that the British intelligence apparatus will happily classify anyone as a terrorist if it suits them, regardless of how dangerous they actually are (in this case: not at all). * It means in future journalists working on stories that might embarrass the British government will simply avoid British airports, resulting in the same media coverage with the added bonus that it looks like the UK doesn't care about freedom of the press. Positive outcomes? None as far as I can tell. Some masterpiece! Regulations on financial institutions break down into several categories: 1) Identifying operators and users, so if fraud happens, the right people can be found and held accountable 2) Requiring paperwork documenting what is happening, again, so if there is a fraud of some kind it can be detected and the responsible parties found 3) Actually trying to prevent fraud, usually this means mandatory audits of some kind I can't point you to what rules govern a currency exchange in Japan exactly, but the above is how it usually seems to break down. Gox was AFAIK never audited. How much of a paper trail exists is unclear. The relevant people's identities are known, however. One other thing I think we should clear up: these rules are usually pretty vague and general. It's not like regulation is something that people opt into or out of depending on their personal preferences. Whatever regulations applied to exchanges and markets in Japan would likely have also applied to Mt Gox. The problem with trying to argue that the fix is "regulation" in the abstract is "regulation" isn't some singular silver bullet. It's a big pile of rules and people who try to enforce those rules, but often those rules aren't doing what you think they're doing, or they exist to allow punishment rather than prevention, or they're somewhat theoretical because they aren't reliably enforced. This is why lots of people would dearly love to find a way to build a decentralised exchange: in theory it could be more reliable than a regulated institution. Yeah? Really? And what happens if that common person goes on to later become famous for some reason? Does all the info about their drunk prom night reappear the moment the first newspaper story about them is published? The distinction between someone of public interest and someone who isn't is entirely arbitrary and open to endless debate. What happens when people start disputing that they're famous enough to no longer meet this standard? Historically it results in giant and expensive court fights, which puts people off from trying this - almost by definition, if you're rich enough to waste money on arguing you're not in the public interest, then you are in the public interest. But making Google do this means unless they charge lawyer like bills, suddenly everyone has an incentive to argue they're not important. Given the disaster this is likely to inflict on search results if scaled up, and the fact that it's not required in America, do you really think they'll make the whole global search engine work this way? Or do you think they'll do the same thing as done in every other case where some stupid country requires censorship: block based on domain name or IP address? Historically, for Europe it's been done via domain name. Doing it via IP address would not be any more effective though: there'd immediately be dozens of proxy sites set up running in the US that simply forward the search to the US Google and return the results. Short of building an equivalent to the Chinese Great Firewall and blocking all encrypted traffic, or forcing Google to apply European cenorship globally, there's no way to stop Europeans who want regular results pages from getting them. DuckDuckGo is primarily a Bing frontend, no? I seem to recall that they claim to be a real search engine and have their own crawler, but any time someone analyses their results deeply they're almost always identical to Bing. Given that Microsoft has a large EU presence and is presumably also affected by this law, perhaps they will have to start doing the same thing as Google. Which would then automatically feed through to DuckDuckGo. I don't believe there are any competitive startup search engines at the moment. However, this doesn't mean there would never be. Plus this ruling is so vague it's likely to impact all kinds of companies that are not startups: think specialised social networks, etc. I live in Europe, was born in Britain, and I think this is a bad ruling that makes the EU look like a bad joke. Laws that can only be enforced by building a massive system of internet censorship akin to China's are indeed "doing it wrong". Happy now? If it's really just irrelevant clutter why not ignore it and let Google decide how best to hide it? That's their job, right? But is it really better than @Nullable? But why do you think the ruling works that way? The justification for suppressing information is that someone isn't in the public interest, the canonical example being a politician that wants to cover up past corruption scandals. Everyone seems to agree that this is a case where data wouldn't get filtered. But if someone is thinking about becoming a politician, uses their current obscurity to delete the data from a search engine, and then goes on to run in an election, isn't this exactly when we should want to see all that is on the internet about them? So it makes sense that the information would come back. Your proposed solution to this is that everyone should have to effectively give up modern technology in this case and hope that some journalist, somehow, without any modern tools, finds all the relevant information despite governments helping this person bury it. Why would we give up powerful tools like this? How is that not a Luddite strategy? I don't see any way this ruling (I hesitate to call it a law because it doesn't seem to be connected to any actual law that anyone knew about) can be applied in any kind of consistent or useful manner. It WILL turn into a giant fight over who is or is not worthy of being censored or not, with lots of people bending over backwards to argue that they aren't really in the public interest. As presumably there are punishments and fines for not censoring enough data, but there's no punishment for censoring too much, this will inevitably hurt not only ordinary everyday people but also democracy itself. Assuming that nobody screws up and assigns null to an Optional return result/variable instead of Optional.empty(), or calls Optional.get() without remembering to check ... in other words, it's very much like @Nullable when using a compiler that understands it, except it causes problems with overloading and reflection as noted above due to generics type erasure. If you want code that won't compile due to @Nullable violations I think the Checker framework can give you that, or you can use an IDE that flags violations like IntelliJ and just treat any static analysis warning in that category like a compile failure for your own purposes. The nice think about nullity annotations is that the newest JVM languages like Ceylon and Kotlin are building nullity into their type systems, so if you annotate an API in this way, code written in these new languages will know automatically that the reference can be null and the compiler won't let you access it at all until you tested or asserted away the nullness. The upgrade path for Kotlin especially is looking like it could be quite strong, so I think I'll be sticking with @Nullable for now in the hope that later on we get "real" type system integration via newer languages. But haven't you just been assuming that anyone who is against this ruling is American? But you're going to be indexed in such a database whether you like it or not because several European countries are already busy building such databases via their intelligence agencies, and the ones that can't afford it have all been striking deals with the ones that can to get access to it. This "right to be forgotten" conveniently does not seem to apply to governments, only search engines. So from a democratic perspective it's lose/lose. What about the right of the employer to know who they're about to employ? If someone claims to be an expert in a certain area which you need but are not yourself an expert in, it would be very useful to be able to search their name and discover that things they wrote about the topic have been discredited. It'd be even more useful if you could find unflattering opinions about them written by their peers: perhaps it avoids a very long and messy employment of someone who will then be difficult to fire, but who doesn't know what they're doing, potentially crippling your business. The guy you're looking at would probably love to make the criticism of his work unfindable whilst simultaneously leaving behind the bits that make him look good. But why should he have that right? Employers have needs too. For what it's worth I quite agree that the existing framework for getting things removed from the internet (by going to the source) works well enough, but that's not what the court has now created. Hmm, if I understood that code it could be written like this: Session s; if ((s = request.getSession(false) != null) return ImmutableMap.of(....); else throw new IllegalStateException(); Maybe I'm weird but I find the old fashioned version far easier to read than the new form. I hope they don't. Go seems like a mediocre language at best: in no way obviously better than Java. Given that they already forked the JVM and added lots of custom class libraries, I'd rather they just forked Java properly and renamed it instead, or switched to another JVM compatible language. Go would have no benefits at all. Eh? Music industry sales have dropped off a cliff starting around the year 2000. It's been a bloodbath, they're now at something like a third of what they once were: http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/4d5ea3314bd7c8600a0... Do you think people listen to a third of the music they listened to ten years ago? No way! The GPL is not preventing content restrictions, it's adding quite complicated restrictions on what can be done with the code. The justification is to try and make more software GPLd in future but the means is additional restriction. And guess what? The justification for copyright is to ensure more content is created in future, and the means is restrictions on the created content. Just like the GPL. Trying to claim they're somehow different is a very weak sort of argument. Lots of people in developing countries have access to cheap Android smart phones but no computer these days. Fortunately that's all you need to use Bitcoin. Given that M-PESA is run by a telephone company, is it the traditional financial industry or not? It can be argued both ways. SafariCom effectively runs a bank, but it is nonetheless primarily a technology company. > I think you're a bit arrogant for assuming they give a fuck what you write to your girlfriend on iMessages. This statement is nonsensical, because we know now that recording and reading what we write to our girlfriends on iMessage is exactly what they are doing. Indeed GCHQ have watched so many webcam chats amongst random people they can tell us how many are pornographic to three significant digits of accuracy. This is very much the definition of "giving a fuck". Given that the premise of your post is incorrect, I wonder why you hold the opinions you do. TLS all the time on these big websites is a very recent phenomenon, only being activated in the past couple of years. What's more, GCHQ were tapping internal traffic between Google datacenters which wasn't encrypted until Snowden, so TLS between customer and web server only slowed them down. I suspect nowadays they're finding it much harder, but in these documents they're being asked to explain their pre-existing policies which were developed when TLS and internal encryption were much less widely used. Ex-Google engineer here. The way Google does things is indeed very rare, your experience at Microsoft is more typical. Note that the path Google chose isn't easy! As the codebase got larger and larger they had to basically design and build their own build system, a distributed unit testing engine, custom code refactoring and hyperlinking tools, do major IDE modifications to Eclipse to make projects even loadable, eventually even build their own version control system because no other VCS scaled to the sizes and speeds they needed. They invested a TON of time and gold into allowing a single codebase to scale like that; it's practical if you're sitting on a hosepipe of money and you can hire brilliant engineers then assign them to build tools, but it's probably not practical for most companies despite that the resulting environment was quite pleasant. That said, although the codebase was remarkably consistent, there were still variations. The most notorious was the split between the C++ and Java codebase. Some frameworks were written in c++ and bound into Java using things like SWIG. Others were bound using cross-process RPCs. A lot of smaller libraries were simply written and maintained twice. The culture was different too. Some Java codebases were way over the top of excessive abstraction and use of dependency injection, making them an absolute nightmare to understand or debug for newcomers. Others were simpler and more understandable (typically the older ones). The C++ side felt much more light weight, but on the other hand, it was largely stuck in the 90s, with memory management being entirely manual even in cases where conservative GC could probably have helped avoid mistakes. When I left C++11 was in the process of being whitelisted one feature at a time. The biggest problem with the culture I had at the time I left (and was one reason I decided to pack my bags after 7.5 years there), was that basic tasks were becoming more and more bureaucratic. Often this was due to poorly designed processes put in place in a panic after some PR disaster around privacy or data handling, like Street View or Buzz. Sometimes it was just because some engineer needed to redesign a widely used system in order to prove they were being "impactful" and get promoted even though it wasn't really broken. There was a running joke there that there were two versions of every tool, the deprecated one and the one that didn't work yet. It started out as a lighthearted take on the companies rapid progress and by the end unfortunately just reflected a sad reality. As an illustrative example, around the time I started to step back, one member of my team had spent on the order of 6-8 weeks attempting to simply download a file via HTTP in production, from our own servers (was a self test). This task involved filling out forms, arguing with the owners of the HTTP download service (the old one didn't require this process but was deprecated), discovering that the new version was hopelessly buggy and was breaking random products for end users without anyone on those teams noticing, etc. This is a task that could be accomplished in two minutes with a random Linux VPS and "wget" but turned into an epic struggle against a Kafkaesque corporate disaster zone. The problem was not that one team was poorly performing though: the problem was the company had lost the ability to pre-emptively catch this or even recognise that there was a problem. Most team members were happy to just collect a paycheque each day; if they got paid for filling out forms justifying why they needed the "fast reliable" HTTP download service instead of the "slow unreliable" service, why worry? Best not to rock the boat. ... or try to solve them. Sure about that? Try browsing http://forum.dlang.org/ Especially if you're in Europe (I get a ping time of 24 msec from Switzerland), the pages load nearly instantly. It's actually the sort of thing that you notice and go "whoa" it's so fast. Yet there's nothing special about it. It's just a regular web server, written in D, that serves pages really fast (probably out of cache). If you use HTTP caching and compression appropriately, and keep your design light, there's no particular reason you need to use Javascript to speed things up. Can you show me a link for that? I'd be interested in reading about it. What I've read is that a lot of people on disability benefits (higher than jobseekers allowance) were in fact just fine and when properly re-examined magically stopped being disabled. However, that assumes the review assessment was more reliable than the old one. I'd be interested in data showing whether it is or isn't. Greece and Portugal barely qualify for being developed. Greece in particular is basically a third world country that sits on Europe's doorstep. They got into the eurozone through gross fraud and manipulation of their own economic statistics, then borrowed money at German rates for years to enjoy a first-world standard of living. But the fundamentals in Greece were not first world at all. One memorable quote I saw in an article about this was, "We imported flat screen TV's and exported tomatoes". What's happening in Greece is basically the huge pain of reality reasserting itself. Greece is more like a poor Asian or African country; enormous corruption, largely unskilled workforce, rampant tax evasion, no real industries to speak of outside shipping, huge imbalance of payments and so on. Portugal is in much the same boat. It's "developed" in a sense, but like Greece up until very recently was actually a military dictatorship of the like you'd expect to see in the developing world. It's not developed in the same way Germany is. With respect to the others, Ireland and Spain are indeed first world nations, suffering very badly thanks to the financial crisis. Ireland took on its banks debts and became poor in the process. Spain had a huge construction bubble. France, well, OK .... ;) If you want to compare individual EU countries with something, compare them against individual US states, which also vary widely in terms of how well they do economically. Seems this story is relevant: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/atos-quietly-d... The part about Atos wanting to pull out because of death threats against its staff is particularly nasty. It uses a custom protocol. IMAP support in Gmail is there only for interop, if you stick to Google's software it's not used at any point. ISIS routinely use Twitter to publish stuff. I don't personally think that's a problem, but I expect that's what she's talking about. Functionality isn't normally being moved there, it's being added and apps take advantage of that. If you look at the dividing line between proprietary and open source stuff coming out of Google, the usual deciding factor is whether it relies on their (proprietary) server side components to operate. Google is all about the cloud so a lot of useful stuff does rely on that. In Play services we see things like Maps (needs the servers), Wallet and in-app billing (needs the servers), G+ (needs the servers), multiplayer gaming (you get the idea), GDrive, ads, cloud messaging etc. There's one or two things in there that maybe don't rely on the cloud (I don't know enough about Cast to say) but that's mostly it. So if you find all your apps are relying on Google Play Services what it really means is that the bar has simply been raised, and now people expect apps that deeply integrate with services provided by huge, expensive datacenters. Ideally Play Services would be a shim that different providers could satisfy. It isn't, but Android has lots of support for building such things like intent resolution, so if a realistic competitor emerged and developers cared enough to support it, the OS would certainly help them. Great idea! It would make sense to define a high level yet minimalist type system, a large standard library, and a CPU independent bytecode format that many languages and compilers could target. They could then add to that basic type system as they wished whilst still retaining interoperability. We could call the infrastructure that makes this possible ... a virtual machine: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_JVM_languages Any reference in Java can be null, as is the case in most languages. So developers only check the ones they know "could" be null, in normal operation. If you only distribute your app via the Play Store, attempting to access it will never fail, thus there's no more point in checking for null pointers than there is in checking the result of String.split: it will never fail, short of something wacky and unexpected like a broken JVM. Probably not. The article does admit this in fairness. It says the primary reasons you might want to do this are not trusting Google (but most people have had pretty reasonable experiences with them, especially considering the price), concern over a future management change (a very real concern but one that's very distant and hard to anticipate at the moment), and concern over governments and criminal enterprises. Governments, it seems, take what they want anyway regardless of whether you use Google or not. If what you want is legal protection then indeed there is no reason. Signatures vended by timestamping authorities are good enough for all uses I can think of unless you absolutely need decentralisation, in which case paying $10 to this company defeats the point. To get this service for free, just print your document to PDF, grab the free Adobe Reader, go to settings, signatures, click "Configure timestamping", then add a TSA server like: http://timestamp.comodoca.com/rfc3161 or http://tsa.swisssign.net or one of many others that are available. Then click "Work with certificates" in the sidebar and then Timestamp document. As long as you can convince a judge that these are neutral third parties (very easy to do and there is much precedent) this should be satisfactory. Or you could timestamp into the block chain, but then be prepared to spend a lot of time explaining to a confused judge why it's valid. You're right, a judge is not going to want to master the details of the technology, which is why trying to explain it would just yield confusion and annoyance. Ultimately it matters when there's a dispute over the integrity of the timestamp. Even if in theory a judge could verify a block chain timestamp for themselves, they won't ever do this, they'd just say "go find an expert witness you can both agree on" and then the judge would assume the neutrality of the expert witness based on their credentials. You always end up back at the neutral third party no matter what, whether it's a TSA or someone who is interpreting the block chain. That's not to say block chains are useless for timestamping, far from it. But for the specific case of timestamping traditional documents in case of a civil legal dispute, you may as well use the fast, instant, widely used, well integrated and free option instead of paying a $10 fee to use Bitcoin. One thing I noticed about the Kotlin design and design discussions is that "that wouldn't be auto completable fast" comes up quite often. I had never thought about it before but it makes sense that language design choices can impact the speed of an IDE. I am starting to think that it also makes a lot of sense for language designers to have IDE development experience. I wish they'd hurry up and release a stable Kotlin. Why? They're just tools. Code completion is probably more important than a lot of the rather minor syntax sugar features in many languages. The general assumption in both the public mind and law is that anonymous == criminal, because of the "if you've got nothing to hide you've got nothing to fear" argument. The long term downward trend in the trustedness of institutions has been steadily undermining this argument which is why, I think, things like Tor exist at all, but public attitudes change slowly. In the case of Tor, it's slower / less convenient than usual browsing and is otherwise the same except for being more anonymous. So it's very easy to plant the idea in people's minds that there's no point in using it unless you're up to no good. And the Tor project doesn't really help here - they talk about the legitimate uses on their website but don't point to concrete examples (iirc), e.g. they say the military use it, but provide no real evidence of that. I think actually the UK child porn censors use it as well because it's a source of free proxies and child porn hosting sites know their IP addresses and block them, which is a pretty funny story, but this was mentioned in some talk and I don't think it's on their website. To make things worse, the internet itself is rapidly converging on the consensus that Tor isn't worth it. Witness the widespread blocking of exit nodes that occurs these days. Tor is losing the argument not just in court but elsewhere too. IMHO running Tor exits will not become less dangerous any time soon unless Tor finds a way to significantly boost "obviously legit" usage. For that they'd need to provide a Tor browser that isn't geared towards the total-anonymity-or-die crowd. VPN services like HotSpot Shield absolutely dominate Tor in terms of usage because they're much easier t use and don't do stuff like disable Flash and constantly wipe cookies, which makes them much more popular for people trying to evade national censorship but not treat the destination service as hostile. They're just screenshots to make the TV show more interesting. They're obviously not showing the entire source on air. If they claim to have the entire source code of XKeyScore and knowing that Snowden accessed so much, why should we doubt them? I think encryption will remain a better way of jamming XKeyScore for the forseeable future. I think they are intending to start seriously using it in production at JetBrains this summer (i.e. now) with a 1.0 stable end of the year? Such a system is unworkable. Where are the profits "made" exactly? You can have sales tax, but governments already do that and they aren't satisfied. The reason taxing a person's income is (relatively) easy is because you can't split a person up. Just count the number of days they spend in a country, if it goes over a certain level then they are resident for tax purposes and away you go. America ignores this of course with citizen based taxation a.k.a. modern slavery but in all the other civilised countries that's how it works. Now consider Google. A German user goes to YouTube and sees an advert. Is this money made in Germany? Or was it made in America, where the software was developed? Or in America and Switzerland because there's a YouTube team in Switzerland too? Or was it made in Finland where the request was actually processed? Or was it made in Canada because that's where the advertiser is? Or was it made in Ireland because the advertisers contract was with Google Ireland Ltd? Pretty quickly you realise this is a fools errand. There's no way to say where the money was made in such an international operation. Any definition you come up with will be fought over by governments endlessly because they all want to buy votes by taxing foreign companies which smells to them a lot like free money (and thus free voters). So we end up with the simplest definition possible - the money is made where the company is headquartered. The headquarters can be anywhere. This solution was arrived at in both America and Europe. It sorta worked for a while because most companies were already established and new companies were small and poor so nobody cared about them much. Now we have the phenomenon of new companies that are extremely profitable, do all their business on the internet and therefore could pick a country to headquarter in purely for tax reasons. Cue moaning and wailing from stupid politicians who ran up enormous debts and now want a bigger slice of the pie. But attempting to change this simple definition will just reopen pandora's box. The best solution would be to just finish off the race to the bottom entirely and push corporate tax rates to zero everywhere. This would yield an approximately 25% hole in for example the UK budget. However the money can be made up elsewhere, such as by increasing VAT or personal income taxes. Of course that is politically difficult - people like corporation taxes because they don't like corporations, and taxing them feels like free money too. In any quality legal system there's no such thing as "stretching the boundaries of legality". It's either allowed, or it's not. Once you get into the realm of random bureaucrats issuing opinions that define law you enter a whole world of pain (see: EU right to be forgotten, FTC child protection regulations, US SDN list). Tax law, being very old and quite well worked out, is pretty specific. Starbucks is not breaking tax law by doing this unless governments give into temptation and try to retroactively change the rules. The core problem is that attempting to slice up the profits of a fundamentally international business is a losing proposition that can ONLY end in bitter arguments. It's not surprising there are a billion loopholes; it can never be any different. Who is to say what Starbucks beans are worth? If you go in and say, well that's obviously "tax avoidance", you'll immediately hit lots of other much less clear cut cases. But once you abandoned the rules there won't be any way to decide on those less clear cut cases and it'll just turn into chaos. No. You read about money sitting in the Caribbean because the US tax system is broken and tries to tax money made anywhere in the world (this makes no sense, and no other country does this). BUT .... that doesn't mean they avoid the US taxes! For Google the money ends up sitting in Bermuda: not a place noted for its abundance of cheap colo space or computer scientists. Obviously it isn't going to stay there because there's nothing to spend it on. Instead the money sits offshore until something more useful is found. What US companies want to happen is that the US Govt puts in place a "tax holiday" in which they temporarily stop being idiots and use the same tax rules as the rest of the world, thus allowing those companies to move the money earned abroad back into the USA without it being taxed twice (once by the country where it was earned and once by Uncle Sam). This has happened before so they think maybe it'll happen again. Then they can spend it on building fancy offices and hiring splurges, all of which yields taxable income inside the USA. What actually tends to happen is that politicians, even the ones that acknowledge the sense of this, don't like being seen to give big companies a tax break. So they prevaricate and eventually the money gets spent abroad in places like Europe or Asia, where double taxation treaties work properly. At that point the money gets taxed via payroll taxes, employee income taxes, VAT etc. Own goal for America. Still ... the money doesn't sit there because they want to avoid US taxes. They generally want to avoid double taxation, and then spend the money saved inside the USA. But that's arbitrary. If the Luxembourg company opens up a sales office in Sweden, but it has only 4 employees and there are 500 in Luxembourg, does that suddenly mean all those companies sales to Sweden get taxed twice? If so why would they ever open up an office there? Why not just insist customers fly to Luxembourg and visit their office instead? Governments are whipping up a mob over this issue and aren't thinking it through. Does Google really need an office in London? No. One exists there because, in the absence of other factors, it makes sense to hire internationally so you can access good employees who might not want to live in America (or vice versa). But if the first Google employee who started work in the UK suddenly meant ALL money coming from UK based customers got taxed twice, that first employee would never make financial sense. Companies just wouldn't do it. They'd insist the employees moved to them instead of them moving to the employees. This outcome makes no sense, but in their desperate quest to squeeze ever more blood out of the stone, maybe that's where governments are going to take us ... GSM was not created by European governments though. It was created by ETSI which is independent. And newer standards are international collaborations: as is so often the case as technology gets more complicated, it ends up being a creation of humanity rather than one geographical region vs another. Hardly. Many people use Google search without being logged in at all. Chrome pioneered the Incognito mode. You can disable web search history (and I have). There's plenty of respect for your privacy there, you just have to indicate your preference. Anyway. Personalisation improves search results somewhat. It does not improve them as much as, say, a good spelling corrector. Source: I used to work at Google. So I set X% to be whatever I need to minimise profit at my subsidiaries. Who are you to say X% is wrong? Did you build a successful coffee company? Law is interpreted by the courts according to what it says , not according to what would be convenient at the time. This is why you hear about people getting off on a technicality. At least that's how it's supposed to work. If you look at the right to be forgotten, the problem there is that the underlying law is so vague that basically anything can be read into it. So then judges end up legislating from the bench, which they aren't meant to do, that's why we have separation of powers. How is your English business buying ads from an English sales team in an English office any different from my Luxembourg/Sweden example? It seems identical to me. I'm from south of Manchester, for what it's worth. And I think British politicians need to drop this issue as it's way beyond taking the piss by now. Tax avoidance isn't even a thing. It means whatever the speaker wants it to mean. Tax evasion is a thing, that's pretty well spelled out by law, but avoidance just means someone legally paying less tax than the speaker would like them to. Your assertion that 50% to 38% is "probably fine with most people" is in the same area: it's an entirely arbitrary set of numbers. I'm sure there are plenty of people who wouldn't think that's fine, however, it doesn't matter because there's no moral obligation to pay more tax than necessary. Governments are not charities, the British government especially so! They are indeed taxed in Europe! The rate paid is low (until the money moves back around) but tax is paid. I don't hate government spending, what makes you think that? What I hate (perhaps hate is a strong word) is arbitrary and vague systems of laws. Corporation tax is riddled with these and it just undermines confidence in all government. You say yourself these "loopholes" are nothing more than disagreements between governments about how tax works. Thus the "solution", if you want to call it that, is that countries have to stop competing on tax rates. If Greece wants to charge corporation tax of 80% then everyone else has to as well otherwise they're enabling avoidance? That makes no sense and is fundamentally against national sovereignty. Low corporation taxes are quite popular amongst the Irish because they correctly perceive that it leads to lots of jobs. Who are we to say that they got it wrong? We can see how arbitrary this all is with the fact that these companies, which have done business this way for years in full view of national governments, are only now getting investigated once government spending cuts start making politicians unpopular. If these arrangements actually were illegal under clearly defined law they would have been investigated and tried a long time ago. IIRC the OECD thinks corporation tax has much higher deadweight costs than other forms of tax. I read this in an interesting article on the subject here: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/25/tax_and_tech_biz/ .. however the original link was dead last time I looked. They already do: Facebook and Google both have a "pages" feature which is designed for exactly that. Most businesses don't seem to want their Facebook/Google page to be their official website though, perhaps they think it looks unprofessional. They could introduce hardware authentication, same as banks outside the USA (and now with the TREZOR, also Bitcoin). No, but mainframes can be extremely slow. I remember being very surprised when I discovered that mainframe capacity is sold in units of MIPS (millions of instructions per second). Like, you literally buy capacity off IBM by the megahertz. They don't really get faster because there are so few suppliers of this kind of exotic hardware nowadays, and it's hard for the banks to port it all to more modern platforms because the original code is often so obscure and only understood by people who are retired/laid off. And that's the best case. I've heard of at least one bank that has a job running on their mainframe where nobody can find the source and nobody knows what it does, but they're too afraid to shut it down in case it breaks something. The USA has been cracking down on Hawaladars for a long time now. Unlicensed money transmitters, you know. It can cost vast sums to become a licensed MT in America, varying by state. There are double standards at work here. If BNP is guilty of funding genocide, then what happens when Somalians stop being able to afford food because the last banks stop routing money there? This is already about to happen in the UK where the last bank is trying to lose their Somalian remittance business and being blocked by a lawsuit filed by immigrants. Not to mention that the government handing out these fines is responsible for far more devastation than any bank. Actually that's normal. People overestimate BTC volatility because the price goes wild during periods of intense press interest, and so of course there's a big population of people who are only paying attention to Bitcoin during these times. In quieter times when the media spotlight is elsewhere the price usually settles into a somewhat specific band and stays there until the next press cycle. To boil it down more simply, the USA had sanctions on Iran long before other parts of the world did. Thus someone wishing to send money from the UK to Iran, for example, could do so through HSBC in London. Those transactions might well end up interfacing with US controlled infrastructure in some way and the US parts of HSBC were then routinely interfering with those payments, because America doesn't believe in sovereign independence. So now these local HSBC affiliates or divisions have a problem: their customers want to make perfectly legal transactions (legal in those areas) and the American computer systems are getting in the way. Simple solution: don't use any keywords that the USA doesn't like. Years later this practice would be described as "money laundering" and "sanctions evasion". However it was in reality just a reasonable way to tackle an unreasonable problem. SPV clients download less data than full nodes do, by definition, therefore they must always have less privacy from remote peers. Additionally the only widely used SPV clients today (bitcoinj based wallets) set very tight Bloom filters and don't really use them for privacy purposes, for various reasons. Plus they aren't HD so reuse addresses quite often. In git master bitcoinj is now HD and so SPV HD wallets will start appearing in the near future. Garbling Bloom filters more aggressively is tricky and will take someone doing some serious work and R&D to really nail. I wrote an article discussing many CA alternatives which also includes Convergence, here: https://medium.com/bitcoin-security-functionality/b64cf5912a... Convergence IMHO does not work. The UI is poor and fundamentally it's just the CA model with very short lived constantly renewed certificates. There's no particular reason to believe it'd work better than the existing PKI for ordinary users. Presumably if they got hacked, they want to know how they got hacked. Perhaps there's a new zero day on the loose. It always makes sense to investigate these things. No, it doesn't. You appear to believe that any security system that has any failure, ever, indicates "massive systemic problems". I assert that there are no security systems in history that would meet such a standard. There are an enormous number of sites and certificates out there. Studies have been carried out at scale on attacks on SSL and found that most MITM attacks come from locally installed virus scanners, malware, or company firewalls. Hacked CA's didn't even register. So if you represented the number of bad certs as a percentage it'd probably have a lot of zeros after the decimal point. That doesn't mean the world should sit on its hands. Although real world studies have been done, requiring all certs to be public will be a massive upgrade. CA's already have to go through mandatory audits and the procedures they must follow are spelled out. Unfortunately there's no real procedure you can put in place to prevent hacking, as the NSA discovered to their cost. The CT approach is a lot more efficient assuming a closed network of pre-registered "miners" (logs, in CT parlance). This works ok for CT because CT does not place such a large emphasis on decentralisation, nor does it need to. Ultimately the power in the SSL system lies with browser and OS vendors, in turn that means only a handful of people really. Having a super fancy ultra-decentralised system that will only be used by a handful of OS services and browsers doesn't make a whole lot of sense. The masses have no interest in fiddling with their browser settings. Ultimately the decision makers here are the browser makers (i.e. guys like agl). Maybe you could use this handy open source Chrome extension: https://code.google.com/p/end-to-end/ (guess who developed it) It's obviously a solution. You don't like it because you suspect correctly that the people you want to communicate with care less about the issue than you do, but that doesn't mean it's not a solution. Indeed it's the only solution possible ... Governments can test and give a stamp of approval to new drugs without punishing people who ignore their advice. It means if you could override the signal with your own AND had a lot of hash power, you could slowly drag down the difficulty of your fake chain and eventually it'd be easy to create. But indeed you must (assuming the device managed to see the real block chain at least once) do a lot of computational work to start with. It just moves the thing that gets censored from the website itself to the equipment needed to receive it. I think there are a mix of reasons why existing double spends are working, certainly things have gone wrong and there are various ways to do it - e.g. Eligius does not follow the same rules as everyone else and that's exploitable by double spenders. However that's not fee related. The Glitch paper was discussed previously on HN and is very interesting: http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/211297/managedtime.pdf It's great research. Near term applicability would be more useful to me as an IDE plugin that works with existing reactive frameworks. For instance, it turns out that the latest Java UI framework (JavaFX) has a reactive/lazy functional bindings framework in it. Every property of every UI widget can be connected to other properties or derived expressions of those properties. Of course Java itself has no support for this so it's all framework level stuff. An IDE plugin / embeddable DSL that understood these constructs and allowed for real-time debugging like in the videos would be useful indeed: whilst I love binding UI widgets to the backend data model with that framework, debugging it can be a total timesink. A lot of these people are not American and thus not eligible to be NSA employees, assuming they'd even want to be (obviously not). The assumption pre-Snowden was that only "hostile states" did that kind of thing, e.g fibres in and out of China were probably tapped, but most of the internet wasn't. Because, you know, search warrants do exist. It's rather arrogant to say "everyone should have known". Snowden's leaks have been making waves for a year solid now exactly because he showed that reality was the worst case scenario only the most extreme of the extreme postulated previously. A lot of modern languages look like this now. You could as well say they both look like Scala. But then, Scala also riffs off languages like Haskell in some vague syntaxy way. Swift, I think, is strongly influenced by design trends in modern programming languages. I didn't see a whole that in it that was new though. ART is a JVM, it's just not a just-in-time compiling JVM. The JVM is fine for multiple programming languages, as Kotlin nicely proves. And Kotlin targets Java 6 so it should work fine on Android, even though now Android supports Java 7 language features. The missing parts are the Java 7 API's: unfortunately the class library, being based on Apache Harmony (a dead project) does not move forward on Android. However this does not have any effect on Kotlin. With lambdas, futures are quite easy to use and compose. Or trolls are scaling their demands appropriately and thus still ensuring they make out like the bandits they are. Governments can force them to do anything: they know where Tim Cook lives and can ruin his life six ways from Sunday. Really, other than all the selectively enforced laws that exist already, all governments have to do is start passing laws that say "all communication systems must be interceptible by the government". Indeed CALEA already does this, but it's (again) selectively enforced. I don't know where this ends, but I suspect it ends up with lots of computer programmers rotting in jail, others going underground and everyone just accepting that they live in a totalitarian state run by the military, which constantly brainwashes its children to believe they live in the best country in the world. I worked at Google for a long time. The most problematic language at Google was (by far) Python. Mostly because tools that would start out as small Python scripts would evolve to become large Python codebases that ended up being unmaintainable. There were several examples of unmanageable Python codebases at Google that got rewritten in C++ or Java. I'm struggling to think of examples of code going in the opposite direction. This does not mean Python is a bad language. It just makes a different set of tradeoffs in its design. C++ and Java were designed with features that are known to increase verbosity but make it easier for large teams to work together. Python wasn't. Functional programming has been known and researched for decades. Mostly what happens is the obviously good features filter down into more mainstream languages, hence the new stream extension in Java 8, and the rest (lazy by default?) gets left behind. Are you really generalising to an entire industry from the build procedure for a build tool? Why are you even building Maven in the first place? My experience with Maven has been: 1) Download and unzip 2) Run it and that's all that was necessary. Meanwhile on the fly dependency resolution is very nice and a feature of most modern platforms. There's a thing called RetroLambda which purports to be a backport of lambdas to older versions of the runtime/platform. However hopefully now ART is successfully launching they'll go back to upgrading the base foundation and move it beyond Java 6. What's your beef with JavaFX? I've been using it recently and it's a surprisingly well designed and nice UI framework. Parts of it are kind of immature and there are occasional surprising holes in its functionality, but that's because the current generation (after dropping the scripting language) is only a couple of versions old. Ninja Framework is rather nice, I've found. I looked around for Java web frameworks lately and it seemed to be the one that balanced good documentation, features, simple configuration and so on to my liking. Ah yes, DCOM. That was truly the domain of the C++ enterprise architect! Today's AbstractProxyFactoryBean was yesterday's IDispatchProxy, IRPCProxyBuffer and so on. What's scary is that big chunks of heavy industry are all standardised on it via OLE for Process Control (OPC). How would you prefer to define UI layouts? Some other DSL? A binary format? So Maven is at fault because they prioritise their own development productivity over ..... Linux distributors? Why package Maven anyway? You aren't likely to add much value by doing that. You can make immutable objects in Java. The result is quite, quite unpleasant IMHO, but so are many other things in Java. You just create an object that has final fields and a constructor (or a builder if you have a more complex object). Now, nothing stops that immutable object containing a mutable object of course, but that's up to you ... Guava has immutable collections if you want them. Better language support for immutability would not go amiss though. It's hard for someone who was not the author to dive in to the middle of the code and understand it, debug it or upgrade it, due to the lack of explicit types. Additionally there static analysis was limited to lint and refactoring tools didn't exist, or at least nobody seemed to use them (I never used PyCharm but I heard it can do some cool stuff). Also for whatever reason these codebases often weren't very well structured and there was a common tendency to define configuration files that were themselves Python, resulting in the codebase spilling out into things that were theoretically just static data, complicating unit testing. KotlinFX defines something a bit like this. That said, I found FXML + IntelliJ to be quite painless. The closing tags are verbose when you have small toy examples but in big files they help orient you by reminding you what the end of a block is. And I mostly use Scene Builder anyway. They don't really need to bless it, do they? Any JVM language that targets Java 6 should work. There are a variety of names. DAC is something Ethereum came up with. Before then they were being called autonomous agents: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Agents I was never totally clear on the difference, but as people often refer to Bitcoin itself as a DAC, I feel the term is too vague to be useful. The next step to make these REALLY useful for agents is to set up Intel TXT on them. This would likely involve some voodoo as TXT is appallingly badly documented. But, if you make sure the hardware is compatible and that hardware virtualisation integrates properly using tboot it should be possible. This step is a game changer because then an agent can get a hardware-rooted proof that the remote system is secure including against Kordless or whoever else owns the hardware . The agent then knows it's safe to install a copy of itself on the new machine, have the copy create a wallet, and send money to the new box such that the operator can't steal the money but the new agent can still pay for its own hosting costs. Once done the agent would effectively be autonomous if it had a way to earn income e.g. reselling disk space. Scary stuff! The TPM is un-simulatable, that's the purpose of it. The hypervisor is included in the remote attestation. The theory is, if you trust the signing keys used in the TPM (i.e. Intel/the hardware), then you can get a message from the remote computer that attests what code is running including the hypervisor. Thus you can conclude that the remote environment is safe against all but quite sophisticated hardware attackers (assuming a modern setup where you can lock cache lines and the TPM is integrated with the northbridge). Well, there's exactly the reason I try and avoid distributor packaging as much as possible and prefer to use Maven from upstream. Not only is it much simpler but it means it's not being patched with "ugly hacks" by people who dislike the project. Sorry, Debian proved multiple times that this whole arrangement is a recipe for disaster. Maven is convenient and fast, I think I'll stick with it for now. That's why good comments are about explaining WHY you're doing something, or HOW to use the code, and possibly making the code itself clearer but only if there's no way to do that by introducing better variable and method naming. Comments are highly valuable but like any tool they can be abused, or done in such a way that they don't make things better. Right, also, it doesn't actually say avoid comments, it just gives examples of where it's best to try and find an alternative. In the bitcoinj code style guide there is a big section on comments that gives positive examples as well as negative examples: http://bitcoinj.github.io/coding-conventions Ah yes, the well known "topple enemy leaders by restricting their access to Linux tech support" strategy. Gets them every time. Not only that. They had an entire MP3 search engine! There were also in the early years language issues, and coverage issues. Internet access in/out of China is absurdly, mind bendingly expensive, due partly to all the DPI hardware they insist sits at the border. This makes crawling China from outside very hard. Conversely it also makes crawling the rest of the internet from inside harder as well, but Chinese users mostly want local content so that's no big deal, necessarily. China was tipping the playing field in lots of ways back then, there was lots of one-sided enforcement of very vague rules. It was pretty clear which way the winds were blowing there. For bitcoinj we developed a similar plugin for Maven: https://github.com/gary-rowe/BitcoinjEnforcerRules > it appears as if they get paid (or are forced to) not fix it Occam's Razor says ... perhaps they believe 99.9% of people do not care and are not capable of understanding which encryption standard is being used to communicate with their base station, and thus Google prefers to focus its efforts on things that 99.9% of people would consider when buying a phone? Exactly. The trend in modern languages is to try and eliminate as many surprising quirks as possible. If you look at Kotlin, it's basically advertised as resolving around half of the famous Java Puzzlers. And those puzzlers were themselves introduced by the authors with the proviso that Java has remarkably few quirks for something so very large, and that this is/was tremendous progress. > It's interesting that gmail is the least likely used for fraud, why is that? I spent several years working on the Gmail abuse team. Gmail is used less for fraud than other providers because we were better at fighting abuse than our competitors: as simple as that. Yahoo had a rather hollowed out abuse team for a long time, from what I understand, they didn't invest in it at all. And I think at Microsoft the Hotmail and Passport (i.e. login system) teams were much more compartmentalised than we were inside Google. At least this is what I heard on the grapevine, though I have no clue if it's accurate. Google does many, many things to combat abuse of Gmail accounts. There's no silver bullet, it's not as simple as "Google phone verifies every account" (it does not and never has), or "if you send more than X messages you get Y". The abuse system is a massively complex pile of interlocking systems, analyses and heuristics. You can get a good readout of how various teams at the different companies do here: https://buyaccs.com/ As you can see currently Outlook.com accounts currently sell for $10 per thousand. Gmail accounts are about $100 per thousand, an order of magnitude more expensive. Getting higher than that is very difficult against good opponents (and the guy who runs buyaccs.com is good, although these days he acts more as a reseller than an account creator himself). The reason is, at these prices it's feasible to simply phone verify every single account by hand using cheap SIM cards. Google does terminate accounts that have phone verified - it's just one more signal - but it's one of the best ones and so it becomes significantly more dangerous when spammers are phone verifying in bulk. In practice it's not a big deal because $100 per thousand is high enough that many business models (like simple spamming) become unprofitable. As an example of techniques Google uses: machine learning, manually written logic, real time statistics, randomly generated and obfuscated signal gathering Javascripts, offline clustering pipelines and a team of people with big screens around their office with lots of graphs on them. Those people keep an eye on the system around the clock and if they see e.g. an unexplained spike in account creations then they will manually investigate what was going on. They are very good at quickly identifying mistakes made by account creators and clustering the accounts by hand. Starting a debate by immediately framing anyone who disagrees with you as an apologist and their arguments as false equivalencies (you mean "equivalances" by the way) is neither helpful to good debate, nor going to persuade anyone. You don't have to stretch out your reading very far to discover that lots of news sites, especially outside the USA, are flooded with comments from people who have been posting to them for years and yet are deeply skeptical about the current wave of anti-Russian stories being pumped by western media. This isn't being "pro Putin", it's about realising that our own governments are so deeply and nauseatingly hypocritical that anything they say can be safely assumed to be the opposite of the truth. E.g. whilst the western media is busy trying to claim that only evil authoritarian Russians would be so draconian as to forbid anonymous blogging, the NSA is busy de-anonymizing any blogger or any other internet user they wish bypassing the systems of law and democracy entirely. Is that really a false equivalence, or is it just pointing out the painful and obvious truth? Both Iraq and Israel are absolutely notorious for being subjects where all major western news outlets toe or toed the political line. Whilst Israel is treated somewhat neutrally outside the USA, the puppy-like behaviour of American media is so extreme it is itself worthy of news articles: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/31/america... The runup to the war in Iraq is widely considered to be one of the western media's biggest and most damaging failures, including by those outlets themselves: http://www.salon.com/2007/04/10/media_failure/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/may/27/media.iraq http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_coverage_of_the_Iraq_War With respect to your assertion that "most everyone do agree", did you read my comment? It's very much NOT the case that everyone agrees on this. Here's the Guardian's view: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/30/guardia... Hardly a ringing endorsement of sanctions. Now go look at the comments section. Pick comments pointing out western hypocrisy and take a look at the posting history of those accounts. For instance, check out TheGreatRonRafferty. Posting on the site for years, thousands of comments. Many other views like his expressed there. If you think this is all the work of the FSB you're delusional, I don't know how else to say it. Hardly. Almost all email moves between only a handful of companies. Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook, Apple. Between them they dominate the landscape. It only takes a handful of engineers and product managers at these companies to decide "let's do this" and pretty quickly such email addresses can become a reality for at least person to person mail. Of course for them to become usable for signing up to websites, mailing lists etc, will take much longer. But people may not mind having two email addresses if they can put one on their business card. Highly debatable. As pointed out in the comments of the article, the FBI would not require a special warrant to watch people going in and out of a crack house. This is an artifact of how Tor works. VPN services don't suffer from this issue because all traffic gets routed via the VPN at the operating system level. I would agree, but then consider what happens after that - the FBI and similar in other countries have no other options left, and the path of least resistance for them is now to go to politicians and ask for Tor itself to be banned. Though I hate to say it, a system that (accidentally) allows police forces to deanonymise select individuals whilst other actors cannot do so, and even the police cannot do so in bulk all the time, is not a terrible tradeoff. Snowden has made similar remarks, I believe. Of course the supply of zero-days is presumably not infinite. As pointed out, if Tor had more manpower they'd maybe switch to Chrome which is much harder to exploit. So this situation whilst it may not seem ideal is perhaps the frying pan, and as endpoint security improves we may find ourselves in the fire. I recently proposed on tor-dev that individual relays be able to stop acting as introduction points for specific hidden services, with exactly this scenario in mind. They ignored me of course. They seem to feel invincible. I would say you've summed up one of the biggest and most important issues of our time. The internet is international. Governments aren't. What now?! My own gut feeling is that we should try and head in the same direction as the email system. The internet largely conquered spam without needing government intervention or international treaties through automatic reputation systems, blacklisting of email abusers and so on. It's basically a giant group consensus system in which spam is defined as "whatever our users think spam is" instead of an explicit law. It works! Similar techniques could be applied to other systems like Tor, if only the developers cared (they don't). > At a time when OpenSSL just suffered one of its worst bugs in history, forcing small sites to assume the risk of running code like this, which they inevitably will get wrong, materially worsens security for all, it doesn't improve it. OpenSSL is not the only SSL stack you know. I run one of my websites on Tomcat so I can benefit from the pure-Java TLS stack it uses (the default one actually). Something like heartbleed is impossible for such a stack. This is a really excellent piece of research. Congrats to the authors and I hope the Android team put effort into the suggested improvements. Given Google's long term efforts around SSL it would be a good fit. The off hand remark about SSLSocketConnection not checking hostnames even though it has all the data it needs is a bit worrying. Does UrlConnection on Android do the right thing with respect to SSL URLs? It should do, I hope! Could you give a citation for that? Not saying I disbelieve you, it sounds plausible, but I'd be interested to read that research. > I don't know how big the need for is DKIM (from an anti-spam view) -- how many receive gpg-encrypted and signed spam anyway? Modern spam filters (at sites like Gmail) rely very heavily indeed on the notion of reputation. Without something like DKIM it's hard to calculate accurate reputations: you can do it but it relies on lots of hacks and heuristics. So reputation mechanisms of some form are pretty vital. Spam filtering is not about blocking bulk mail. Immobilisers have absolutely slaughtered car theft (this is not news, I referenced this trend in a talk I gave a couple of years ago), but this makes them VERY vulnerable to being hacked. What's more most immobiliser systems are poorly engineered from a cryptographic perspective, for example, some can be overridden by simply telling the ECU to start up via a plugin cable, others are simply broadcasting static repeating codes meaning you can gather the codes with a fixed receiver in a car park and then go collect them later. When a sufficiently smart criminal starts making kits that let you hack immobilisers, theft of those models shoots up dramatically. BMW has suffered from this effect badly. Their engine security sucked and owners became magnets for car theft. > In the absence of routine attacks targeting cryptography, it's easy to believe that systems that don't annoy their users with identity management are superior to those that do. They do indeed have an advantage in deployability! But they have no security advantage. We'll probably find out someday soon, as more disclosures hit the press, that they were a serious liability. You're probably talking about the PKI here. However, after a year's worth of Snowden leaks (and perhaps other leakers too) there have been zero documents discussing routine or even occasional sabotage of the PKI. You suggest that we'll "probably" find out "someday soon" that only PGP works and everything else sucks, but we already went through that acid test. PGP was such an epic failure Snowden and Greenwald failed to connect entirely, and there were no big reveals about certificate authorities. That doesn't mean the CA system is infallible, just that attacking endpoint security is easier. But as Matt's GPG example shows, GPG endpoint security is just as pathetic. Heck I didn't realise that GPG couldn't safely import public keys by fingerprint. How the hell does software like that, which has been around so long, fail to do such a basic check? QUANTUM would have made mincemeat of anyone trying to communicate securely using mainstream PGP implementations, whereas most S/MIME implementations I know of wouldn't have been fooled so easily. Hand-waving about how anything other than PGP is trustworthy doesn't fly with me: there's too much real world evidence from real world adversaries that it sucks and other systems work better. Comodo give away free S/MIME certs: http://www.comodo.com/home/email-security/free-email-certifi... They can be generated and installed into the OS keystore by your browser automatically. By the low standards of crypto it works pretty well. Any old email client supports it out of the box.