University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention. For someone like myself that hates working with flash but likes JavaScript i'm glad things like this are being made. This is one of the ares which will really pay off from the new wave of browsers competing to create the best JavaScript engine. Unless specifically stated otherwise most major sites would be tracking and storing IP addresses. I have been using the prototype based one. Good to have something like this around if I look to try and standardize everything in JQuery later on. We should see this for what it will most probably be. One step on the path to creating a search engine which understands and computes your question based on the sum of all knowledge on the internet. I think it can rival a structured dataset if it is done correctly. The big advantage that google has, and I know there was a paper they put out about it a couple of months ago, is that they have access to such a large source of data that they can use a great deal of sources to weed out the noise by only using the stuff that appears over many sources. Then you could also assign sources a reliability rating based on how acurite the information they provide is compared with other reliable sources. Kind of like a new pagerank but for data integrety. I'd pay for my hotmail mainly because it's an established mail account that's used everywhere plus I like what they have done with the windows live mail program. I'd probably pay for a lot of other random small sites to if a single micro payment provider got universally supported. 2 javascripts running the same algorithm with slightly different performance might not actually make a large difference in who ends up winning, or you would see lots of draws just because in the alloted time examining a few but not a lot of extra moves and probably no more moves ahead might not help much. There is of course though a fine line between going the extra distance for a client and being taken advantage of/ underpaid. Sounds like more of an indicator to me, so they can go talk to the person if the red flags go off. On there size scale many people would probably slip through the cracks if they just used a regular method of trying to get to know all the employees that work under them. Can't say I've ever had a problem paying a decent amount for a book. Never been a fan of ebooks either. I think we'd be in a lot of trouble if most traditional journalism disappeared, so much blog information is just opinion on news generated by traditional journalism or opinion pieces. While in the web company area that hacker news covers this may not be the case a lot of blogging is. This idea is about as old as google itself. I find the fees for recieveing payments from ebay auctions kinda stupid. Just eBays way of hitting you twice. Wordpress defiantly encrypt there passwords in some unreversable format using a salt. I don't think SSL is really necessary for a community site like the wordpress one. It can also work the other way though, relaxing during senior year could put you in the wrong frame of mind entering college and result it you not putting the effort in there either. Would be interesting to see if someone could use this data to incorporate into an intelligent Google squared/ wolfram alpha type search engine for programming questions. I've found recently that at crunch time on uni work/ freelance work I seem to just omit the having a life part of my day to maintain a similar amount of sleep. Also the sleep moves from say midnight -1 to 10-11 to about 5-6 to 12-2 I find the issue runs in programming as well although less important in day to day life it is certainly an advantage to know whats going on with the programs and websites the average person uses. What I find more frustrating is when people in computer science courses basically dismiss something your explaining to them to be over there heads. Defiantly not anything useful at the moment, even there example searches seemed a bit sketchy. I think it will probably be a company like Google that cracks this problem just because of the sheer data/ processing power you would need available to have a good crack at it, we are a fair way off that though. There is also the aspect of trying to catch up to Google, even if it isn't a great investment they may see it as there last real chance to catch Google. Customers probably wouldn't respond well to another rebranding in future. Theres also the emotional aspect, you'd imagine Steve Ballmer would like nothing more than to take Google down a couple of pegs. I think this seems to be aimed more at countries where the resources for higher learning are absent apart from the very rich. In those cases accreditation wouldn't be very important because the main focus would be on developing skills and the qualifications gained would speak for themselves. Although I think if it is being aimed at the very disadvantaged the fees still seem like they would hold people back. appropriate is really just anything of interest to the HN crowd i'd say. Would take a toll but it sounds like the way he works he could just randomly sleep an extra couple of hours to make up for it. The same would be true of startups that become big companies. For example I'm sure it would be a nightmare at somewhere like Google to make UI changes to the core search listings. I think someone who has worked on both sides would provide a better insight into the problems faced at large corporate companies compared to the startup environment. One of the problems I'm seeing where I go to university is that with budget cut's one of the most effected area's is course preparation. Lecturers aren't getting paid properly to update there courses and as a result are using the same or very similar lecture notes/ assignments and exams for years. Basically meaning that any innovation in the courses is coming out of the lecturers own time. A pattern emerges in that the young, recently graduated lecturers will put the extra effort in to make there subject good and the older ones by and large will just run what they have been running with for many years. Decent idea, in the same way that there is something special about a book over an eBook there is something special about handwritten notes on a big birthday or farewell card which may impact usage of something like this. Looks well done though and the handwriting like fonts may combat this. The point about how obama can claim a victory no matter what the outcome is closely paralleled here in Australia where the government has a 42billion stimulus package including giving nearly the whole population $950. They have claimed that the handouts have been effective in saving jobs despite the trend towards higher unemployment still occurring like America. It's impossible to truly gauge the effects of the handout on the economy. Sounds like the author used to be an avid gamer that has only really skimmed over modern games. Should be a compulsory upgrade, at least from IE6, not exactly like anyones using FF1 anymore, and the only usage I seen of 2 is from some machines at Uni that have had a serious lack of IT staff attention. Hmm, kinda sucks my name got taken minutes in. It would be interesting to know how many of that workforce actually work in engineering type roles. MySpace, being part of news corp, also probably has a large amount of people in traditional media content type roles. I think they have managed that side of the business well, they are certainly better at monetrization than facebook. It's just the state of there platform that lets them down. I wonder how that traffic breakdown would look if they only ever did pieces on actual news relating to twitter instead of pretty much daily news. It also depends if your trying to attempt some collaboration for a short period of time, most people would rather not have to learn a new system for a short/ small project. Everyone has an email and is comfortable with it, it may be hard to convince non tech people that a web collaboration tool is the way to go. There is a lot of upside to them, with time I guess collaboration methods other than email will become common, especially with Google Wave on the way. Reminds me of my AI class assignment last year in CLIPS. I'm guessing there taking the same concepts that have been around for a long time and applying them to a very general setting with a healthy dose of people power to constantly improve it. Now if only everyone was tech savvy we wouldn't have these problems. Microsoft would actually have to make a really good browser rather than leveraging it's near monopoly on the OS to deliver an average browser to the masses. I think thats the most it can ever really hope for without alienating it's users. I don't get why there isn't a twitter feature that allows you to use something like bbcode tags to insert a url and only leave the link name in the message. Sometimes if an application is well designed and built that can be enough. It depends on other things though, such as if the marketplace is crowded or not. Google is an example of something that won out because it was the better application, search wasn't a largely cluttered field though and they were taking a largely new angle on in. If your putting out another social networking app at the moment though it's unlikely to catch on just because it is the better designed app, just look at the troubles something as large and as well backed as friend feed is having. I'm not sure I understand the concept of all these startups with names warping the English language. There has to a be a limit to the amount of data that can be taken from what is provided to improve the effectiveness of the suggestions, I'd say there close to the point in which techniques to make sense of the data have reached there limit. The system can only be effective to a point because of the unpredictability of a user. Would also be interesting to include those that never got close, those that blew large amounts of time and money on bad ideas. Very much a self interest article. As for EA's pricing, there's no rule that says you need to make a profit off every product you put out. It wouldn't surprise me if a big games company made free iPhone versions of there games to drive interest in the console/ PC versions. Just after a general opinion, what would people rate as a fair penalty in this case? If he is genuinely interested in what he is selling you then it shouldn't be to hard to run through the in's and outs of it . What I hate is when I witness sales people in action selling people technology who don't really have a clue what there talking about. My experience with sales people in a retail environment personally is very limited because for most products I much prefer to do my own research on them that believe the person trying to sell it to me. Definitely best to sift through them slowly, get the most out of them. No use hammering through a good book then taking nothing from it at the end. Not a legal expert by any stretch but couldn't a later group of authors challenge who the outcome of the case applied to? If there in no way affiliated with the Authors Guild? Fine line between relevant life tips and some the trash that fills the stupid amount of these books out there. There have been some really insightful posts from people documenting how they have adjusted there own lives to achieve a good work/life balance. Sure, if your building something simple and you find a good area to innovate in. If you making something big though it's going to be a far longer process. He wasn't claiming though that it defiantly pointed to the election being rigged, just pointing out the statistic likelihood based on that method. I know it's not always possible with websites but developing on your own server or locally can reduce this problem. I'm not sure about the circumstances in the article but the customer isn't going to be able to make these demands if they haven't got th product yet. I'm assuming this may need to be done in conjunction with holding the copyright to the end. Probably not if you have a static IP. An interesting idea I just had while reading this, just wondering if anywhere in the world does something like this. What about selling cards that are like game cards are for access to online news where newspapers are currently sold. A lot of the general public would be against having to signup for a subscription to a newspaper online with a credit card or other online payment. I think a lot of papers online to are structured toward a model of drawing people in story by story from places like Google. I a non tech person who still has an interest in a physical newspaper would go for a scratch card activated subscription service to an online paper structured more like a regular newspaper. I don't think the founders would be to concerned, they made there millions. It wouldn't have done much better solo unless they had seriously changed there engineering and removed all the backwards compatability. As far as I'm aware how it works at the moment means that everyone on a shared server would be working from the same cache hence you have security issue. It's possible all the translation would bring would be more offers of free work for more sites that are big. Hope this works out for them, great way to moneterize the platform without having the rely solely on a advertising supported business model. I was wondering the same thing about the book price, it goes against what he is saying because the book is in his idea/ information type category. I think if more of the net unified with a single payments company which was accepted just about everywhere, had low fees and as many ways to transfer money into and out of as possible. A paypal that is even more widely accepted, on such a large scale that it can offer smaller fees and a more wide range of ways to transfer money in and out. This is probably one of the more relevant posts of it's kind though. In the same way they question DEMO's advertising giveaway you could probably question the TechCrunch one. It's just going to be advertising on there site? Unless your aiming your startup purely at the tech community doesn't sound great. Nice article, I know I for one can give these issues little thought when coding at a higher level of abstraction but certainly necessary knowledge for performance critical code. 10 rules everyone who cares has heard before, I guess they would have been unable to capture a section of the corporate market with the beta tags. Obviously a one person web based start up that doesn't pay wages is going to be a lot less risky than a 40 employee business that is buy supplies in advance for each job. Surprised they wouldn't have just paid for it. Got to have lost more than $3500 of ticket sales from this. Yeah, you could learn everything that presentation was about just by caring enough to click there button on the ads. Sounds a lot like all the other press swoopo has got. While on the surface there new offer to allow the bidder to make up the difference for the item on lost bids seems like an improvement, there retail prices seem to be high enough to negate any benefit there is buying online over your local retailer. The thing with HN is that if a website owner cares enough to put the HN submit button they could just as easily sumbit there own article. I guess if the button worked as an upvote/ submit like a digg one it could be useful. Another point, I think no matter which model you pick the best way to manage it is to have it in from the start and stick to it. People may have no problem paying $10 a month for a service, but when that same service was previously free or at least free at there usage level there is going to be a backlash and if you are in an ultra competitive area like this one that could be a big problem. I think it would be best if there was no editing on another persons code snippet. But instead of a fork have it as alternate code under the same title then have some kind of voting to decide the display order. So the main one would come up as it as as a slide down with a link down the bottom that would say something like 2 alternative snippets. They are only keeping a small amount of information (name, type of store, location ect) which links back to the original site I'd imagine? In that sense it is legal. No matter how unlikely life is determined to be, we still have a massive universe to help balance the odds. What if you did have more interesting projects but focused more time on your studies? When your paying large amounts for a college education you want to make the most out of it. Dunno what it's like in the states on free to air but they don't even try and put something decent on in Australia daytime TV wise. I find even if most TV programming is pretty average and dumbed down it's still good to sit down and chill out to when you can't be bothered with anything else. Its also necessary if your a sports fan. Reading this and a lot of other similar pieces makes you wish you were in a position to do something. Really though America's the only nation that could really pull off any real space progress at the moment and even that would be questionable with the current state of the enconamy. Really though with a trillion dollar bailout, imagine the jobs that could be created and the uniting of the people with something like another space race but to mars. I doubt a contest like this is really about the prize for many people. It's an opportunity for people to play around with code and learn. This would be a very nice thing for facebook to add, I usually scroll down to the bottom of the news feed then stop rather than checking further back. It really depends, if the author was worrying about .1 of a second processing time on the back end for each script load you are exactly right. If the server is crashing or only intermittently serving pages because of load there is nothing front end optimization can do about it. I guess sometimes you also have to weigh up just adding some extra hardware to smooth a transition to a new back end, or even to buy some more time with the existing one. Hackers are more likely than investment bankers to come up with a mostly automated agricultural system. So now any website could setup a web worker in the background of pages to massively improve there processing power. Very cool feature though, makes the entry level to distributed processing very low. Cool video, going for the we'll throw a heap of acronyms out to wow the average internet user. Twitter also allows more ability to get distracted than the averages persons email inbox. At least with email everything is directed at you. There is no partial payment plan for those who quit or get fired before day 90 of coding is reached. Wonder what the reason is to load the last payment and underpay on the first 2, more pressure to push to complete the project at the end? Theses win's are especially pointless given that there never going to see the money. I guess they feel that they need to pursue them as a deterrent to the masses. At least most electronics can be made very small, as in they could always develop a backup system from a different contractor if something was important enough. There is a fine line that has to be drawn though, can't let people not buying anything sit there all day in the hope that in the future they will start buying a decent amount. That was the problem they have had though, if they can't make any money then there is little point in their continued development work. winner, me to I think if a 15 year old was put into the position of having to make adult decisions and behave like an adult they would be perfectly capable. It's just that they either don't have the chance or given the option, prefer to cruse through and muck around for as long as possible before being force to get serious. Hackers like me would be interested in what they have done even if it made no significant difference to the end results. I think there main go here is trying to position them self against all the new real time search offerings. Well nothing but I mean it would be interesting, should they happen to go into a technical explanation. Maybe the reason album sales are out of line with singles in growth/ decline because bands are cutting corners and releasing albums with a couple of good songs and a load of average stuff just to get to album size. Given the relative low payoff from making an album these days I think some bands would be better served making new music bit by bit between tours rather than trying to push out an album every year. It usually gets to the point with a good band after about 2 or 3 albums that they don't have time to play everything you want to hear at a concert anyway so slower production of songs isn't an issue in that reguard. Looks very promising, first I have seen of it. Seems to be missing import and export though currently? Web based show! I think it would be interesting if they made a little documentary following around 3 months of YC, commercially though I guess it wouldn't be overly viable, would be great to see though. If sounds like they would need new funds now though, not way off into the future where they could hit profitability. The interest in another round of funding would probably be low for a company that has chewed through a sizable chunk of funding and so far not produced the results they were hoping for. Or more consistent batsmen, there's a reason why where not playing hauritz, he's no good. I don't really think it's a big deal doing something on the cheap for a first project, the experienced gained and the reference to show future clients is worth it. For a company of facebook's size though, I'm sure the chef's hired would be a very small amount of the people hired. It also would come off to employees that they care, they have probably pulled off lucrative hires that they may not have got without the meals they provide. You'd imagine that its just using a very simple minimax algorithm and not stepping a great deal of turns ahead? Can't imagine you could build to many rules into code of that length. Really sucks that they don't seem to be able to get an guidance on whether there app will get through or not before they create it. I'd imagine building an app like this one would be a sizable task, even more so in Google voices case. Most of the 40 hours a week people would probably be people just working full time jobs with no startup on the side. Take any popular site on the internet and at any one time you will be able to find a group of disgruntled users who are going to cease using the site. As long as Facebook's overall direction is up then they don't have a lot to worry about there, there feature set is obviously not for everyone. This is a good point, a lot of the time your unable to discuss technical concepts/ ideas/ research with the people around me the same way you can online with people who have a large depth of knowleadge in the areas that your interested. Meebo have just branched out into embeded chat as well. I think these guys might struggle. The question is though, If I were to take one of these degrees on this website and pass it, how would it compare in a perspective employers mind to a 4 year cs major degree? Another point about online courses, it's would be like working from home as a one man startup. Unless your very driven, have good support around you or know friends doing the online courses as well, it could be a very lonely experience. If mt_rand is really that much better, what is the point of keeping them both? Shouldn't they just make rand map to mt_rand? A more interesting list would be for say ranking countries by there fastest internet available at say under $100 a month. I'd say the US would be very competitive on offerings? Just that the vast majority of the population probably wouldn't want to pay the extra or don't have the option in remote area? I think it is possible that some area's are going about the problem wrong way. With current hardware attempting to simulate the brain as it works I don't think is the viable option. I seem to have the problem also that we are using the thing we are trying to simulate to work out how to simulate it. From our perspective the problem could be almost impossible. It can break down with any service. If you suddenly find yourself not really getting enough sales any more to justify continuing, if you have a subscription cost you can sit back and let things play out with your current users. Otherwise your footing a monthly payment with no return. Also depends on what type of deal your running, people might be more than happy to pay a subscription given that they know the plug won't be randomly pulled on the service depending on future sales. I think it really depends if java is a language you know or java is a language you work with every day. I think it's ok to be rusty on some specific cases until the time comes to use them if you don't use a language all the time. They have to remember not everyones in startups to change the world. I don't think many here would be to upset if all they ended up with a $170 million exit. If there not willing to give NASA more funds there almost better off pulling the plug on the thing and instead giving the money to private space companies, or retaining NASA as a purely research/ robotic exploration company. That's the problem though isn't it, you start off light weight and you continue working, adding more and more new and useful features until you have it all but now have a giant slow bloated system. It depends on how you approach things, I would rate someone that works 14hours a day/ 7 days a week in the same regard as a full time job and working 6hours every night. Devoting all you free time to something, be it with a full time job or not, would get you taken equally as seriously. On the other hand if someone quits their job and settles down into a 6 hour a day routine they may not get taken as seriously. I guess you would just have a new of tech news people and spam the news out to everyone at the same time. With any luck enough of them will invest enough time in it before they would have decided it was a waste of time. If anything the embargo setup was probably stopping stories being written after people didn't trust it to stick. Even the biggest skeptic I'd think would find it hard to still believe that the moon landings could be fake. No problem with an opt in model, or even an op out, but I'm guessing you can't even opt out? Damn he's really struggling. I bet everyone's saying, if only I applied this simple idea of twitter first. Unfortunately most people coming across there website would be none the wiser. Very dumb patent to give, Maybe at the time this was a fairly unique idea, but now it's common place for many many websites. Hopefully taking action against so many companies will indicate to the courts how broad and obvious this idea they have patented is. I think that blogs is something HN could implement, I mean it could take advantage of something like posterous for it. Just to give people who don't really want to run a blog but want to write the occasional long form post on HN. Combined with a low bar to getting noticed and thought of as successful. As many people have said before, you can get reprinted news from everywhere, people will never pay for that kind of news as there will never be a situation where someone doesn't find value distributing in with the advertising model. Investigative journalism and niche long form articles are the way to go, you create an interesting enough website for long form in a niche and people interested in that area will pay (well at least I could justify it). I'm assuming this is just some over 100's world record? The world record appears to be 22 meters according to wikipedia. I propose an alternate theory in which the LHC does destroy the world thereby never allowing time travel to be developed. Hopefully slightly more interesting than farmville. Can't win I guess, the booksellers group is making the same money on more volume with the retailers taking the loss. More worrying is there opposition to the digital book price, if this was to close to a physical book price piracy would reign and they wouldn't get anything. The book industry is lucky in a way because while a illegal download of music is mostly as good as the legal cd, people have a strong affinity with a physical book and getting away from electronic screens to read. For something like this I would prefer if they took a bit more time to flesh out options, as could find a button to remove things like friends adding other people as friends from the live feed. Also this should come with a box up the top with specific help pages written up to explain it all, if people who develop and use web apps every day find it different and confusing, imagine the average facebook user. This book seems to be more of an introduction that promising anyone there going to fully learn a language a week. I think the week in the title implies more about the introduction size. From personal experience using facebook and twitter, facebook is a much richer source of information to be mined, to bad though that facebook is for the most part a closed platform, at least on the level that you get with twitter being able to analyse the stream of tweets or searching all tweets made. Wonder if people have created facebook apps for the sole purpose of getting access to a lot of users data then on sold that access to others? If that's even possible. Something else you could think about in a rating system like this would to instead of using generic faces, you could associate each with a common tea that most tea lovers have tried. The notches kind of do this but theres always the risk of someone rating there first tea 80, then deciding subsequent teas after are better so they need to be rated higher, when the first one should have been more around 60. It's going to be really hard to compete with Google on these offerings as a 3rd party mobile platform provider or a GPS software provider when there main product is up against a quality product given away to improve the overall advertising business. Could play into Google's hands though if they tried to directly compete against windows, they would now have a great angle to convince people why they should make the change to a more open and neutral system. Interesting to note that so many still hand write there drafts on paper. It would be hard as a full time novelist to avoid distraction, I guess for some this is a way of avoiding the distraction of a computer hooked up to the outside world. I don't think he wanted to completely free himself of a modern world, just free himself from money which he has done. Unlike a lot of similar stories you read I don't think he was really trying to prove anything. It's interesting that the article calls into question monetroization because they won't be making a significant amount of money given the team size. Heading towards cash flow positive should always be an aim, I don't get how people think that not charging for something now will magically make the same people want to pay for it later, if anything the pricing structure should be there from the start, let users know that you have some value on offer with your service. In this case the legality of modded consoles to play backup isn't an issue because it sounds like Microsoft have something specific in the Xbox Live TOS to cover all modded consoles. Pretty smart move really, something has to be done to get on top of this before there is no longer a video game industry. I always find it interesting that say if someone asked me to describer every article I read on HN in a day I wouldn't be able to but if conversations with friends come up where each of them were relevant I'm usually able to describe there point of view and information and detail. Also it's similar with studying, I will go through the material and write all the key points down. I won't actually read them again, unless I forget something relevant later in study. I find in the exam when I'm given a relevant question I have near perfect recall on what I've studied no matter how large the amount of knowledge that I've gone through in a couple of days. I'd focus on strong inbuilt support for band pages and giving bands all the features they want. Bands are one of the last pieces of the puzzle, they still appear to me much more active on myspace. I'd probably give bands the ability to within limitations customize there page layout, as in they may have to keep the same box structure but can add additional graphics and background. Also taking this route if successful would greatly help integrating a music business, possibly even acquiring a company like spotify or similar to complement. I had this problem with quiet a few of the questions, but the end result (INTJ) seems to fit well to me when reading the description. This could just be that I haven't read the other descriptions and am bending it to fit to myself subconsciously though. Wonder if there is much in this book different to The Google Story, sounds like another rehash of the same story. I always thought the 4 weeks compulsory time off in Australia (same as UK I guess) was on the low side. I mean if you don't get some time every year to sit back, take a holiday and enjoy what are you working for? I guess there is a big difference between doing a job you love and being stuck in something to. A site could start blocking certain IPs and user agents as well if need be to prevent being indexed, I'm sure there's was for crawlers to get around it but a site could certainly make it hard to index there content. With chrome now Google has a vested interest in pushing the benefits of JavaScript in web applications, then telling IE users that chrome will improve performance. It seems to be more about the detailed and correct answer voted up the most that you find from searching something on Google, for that it works really well, not being part of the community there I don't care about that other 10 half assed replies for badges/points Probably because in their new roles they won't be able to give Etherpad the attention it deserves? Seems like Google was after the talent/ underlying tech more than the full product itself. Don't really know anything about the app store but maybe there should be some sort of listing by rating of people that have paid for it? It seems a bit stupid that to see more copies you need to have a high volume to crack into a best selling list. If ever they could monetize it would be with firehose, not something I think it's really worth giving away for free. I guess it would be a good way to get some interest in a new service, thinking of it similar to a HN review my app post which you can keep at the top for more than a couple of hours. I can't imagine making a great return selling something directly on there unless you product was so cool that a regular post would have had nearly the same effect. I'd say a lot to Jeff, not only is it a popular blog standing alone and probably generates a decent income but it's also very important to him for cross promotion. Defiantly Javascript, pretty much any web developer these days will be making at least some use of Javascript these days and if not like PHP you will end up dealing with things that do. MX is a little light on content is shifted a long way towards gossip rather than news. Still it's a good size for some light reading while catching transport home. I think they do have a fairly healthy business model going forward though. Sounds like a better role though, not necessarily pushing Microsoft products. Couldn't the government require that money collected from UK residents go to a UK company? The taking a picture task to could be though of as fun and something different compared to a lot of the jobs on there. So in this case someones motivation might not having anything to do with the dollar on offer. You could argue though that having a table like wp_usermeta can actually be more confusing that having explicit tables for things. I guess it's all a trade off, personally when hacking away at it I'm not a big fan of how wordpress is laid out internally but I do have to say it's a lot better than something like Joomla I would go as far to say any results page which is the result of an in site search should be removed, rarely if ever have I found any value from these pages through google. It really depends on downtime, if it was more than say an hour a lot of people would probably buy elsewhere, small amount of downtime you wouldn't think would effect sales though. And from the article it doesn't sound to be the case. It's the same thing that happens with programming languages. Two bored sysadmins could play from the command line Bigpond ain't to bad now if your willing to pay a premium, 30mbps and 100gb download on cable for $140 If something doesn't interest people here it shouldn't get many up votes and not really be seen, obviously for an article to be sitting up the top it must interest a fair section of the community. Well removing is actually making the social graph better as most of the people removed aren't people that should have been closely connected to the user. One problem is though I guess that there is no set way in which people decide where to cut off there graph. Some people will have friends of friends that they met one and work colleagues just because they work in the same building whereas others may limit to close friends and family. The dropbox comment sounds a little cheap. Making $12k and going out of your way to avoid paying $10 for a quality app? I think with the market you would be aiming for you would want to make this as simple to use as possible. I'd ditch even really making much mention of CRON and make a solid and easy to use UI for setting up the tasks. Your really aiming for the crowd that uses basic shared hosting so the simpler the better with the web service taking a back seat. As a business model possibly you could make viewing the results of jobs and stats visible on the website only for people that use the UI to create. People setting up through an API are less likely going to be able to be monetized anyway. Actually it would be good if a resubmission includes the previous submissions comments. There is a small amount of value here in that you and your friends can discuss good deals but you may not feel compelled to take up an offer until a friend that reckons it's a good deal actually does themselves. Apart from that there isn't a lot of value to the user. I've thought about various implementations of this to do with affiliate marketing, but I wouldn't go as far as to link accounts, the value there would more like the people that have brought this item also brought type thing we see today. I'd imagine at the top level being able to see say the 20 best moves ahead would regularly occur similarly as predicted by the player and if things deviate it could be there there advantage anyway. Have you thought about the economics of having a program where people earn money from allowing use of there processing power vs paying for it regularly/ having your own processing power. Even if it was barely worth it for the user after factoring in electricity costs the novelty factor might attract people. Looks about like what you'd imagine for something probably mostly guided by non technology types, they are trying to be a content site similar to myspace. I think for a site like this your much more likely to be successful if you can be the only network people use. Most users of a site like this would probably still have say a facebook. A myspace with good tech would have achieved this. This comes up a lot for me with programming, so many different languages, platforms and APIs are flying past us here on HN as well as languages that have been around for a long time. So many times I see a cool new API and say that would be great to have a play around with if I had the time. As a society we put a lot of effort at the moment into incremental improvement rather than completely new innovation. When TV, Cars, Computers, The Internet were invented they were all breaking new ground in innovation because they were big areas that helped with life. Now I think more smart people look at the way things are and can't see as many obvious things missing, so instead choose to incrementally improve what we have, either that or the goal is very ambitious and puts people off attempting, such as manned spaceflight beyond low earth orbit and a cure for cancer ect A logical extension here would be some kind of app where you could specify certain events happening in say a certain radius of you depending on the event or just events in general and get a real time window open if something that you have specified has happened and starts updating. Wouldn't even have to know about an even initially then to search, even though this isn't an issue with an earthquake you feel yourself. For me, not that I use netflix, the 28 days doesn't seem like that big of a deal to me. If I really want to see a new release it will be in the cinema which is a much better viewing experience unless you happen to have an expensive home theater, if I didn't see something while I was at the cinema your already waiting a couple of months, I just couldn't see to many situations where I have no interest in the movie at the cinema but could wait the extra 28 days. I don't know if this increases piracy because most of the time you will be able to get a DVD quality download before it's even been released to rent and buy. Luckily we have good dating techniques to avoid this :) Id assume that it's not going to be faster for all uses, maybe it means faster than C for a problem that can leverage concurrency well. Yes, sure you are performing these tasks but your not really concentrating properly on any of them. It's like when my housemate plays WoW and watches a show at the same time, I question the point, your not really playing the game properly and your not really getting the whole show. I do this at work when I find myself with code opened, but also HN, facebook, MSN, and maybe an ecommerce site, it mostly is during the bug fixing/ finishing stage where it's hard to make much quick progress on things. Given the prices listed of comparable products if they deliver more value than there competition they should be charging at in the same range. If your app gets the job done better than visio for a company why shouldn't they pay you a comparable amount? Well there trying to say that they have a better feature set than a product that's worth over $200 but the average price there getting is $5, it's just devaluing the product. I'd have to say it would probably be really awkward if people could see what pages I clicked through to on something like facebook and when. The other one is at work, sometimes explaining why I have something set up the way I do and how I'm using it is awkward. It makes a lot of sense for a site of facebook's size to do away with most of the dynamic language coded stuff on the backend. In terms of identity, this is facebook, I'm sure they could work out what employee it was (if it was an employee) without the office visit details. Most of us doing business through email though don't have a developer that didn't bother to check 50 emails that you have sent, that seems kind of weird. I had the Telstra 60GB plan up until they upgraded them about a month ago, because of the excess usage charge you would have to try and stop a safe distance from your cap, never getting the full 60GB, it would also lag behind on updating, although not as much, up to about 12 hours I think. They also have a tendency to list some of your usage on the next day when it was used before midnight. Really annoying when your using your plan up on the last day, then some of that gets transferred to the next month. If Google were to put a link on there front page which kept using a different key as an argument to link to the post would they block the whole of Google to? I'd kind of disagree in terms of people that are working on there start up only which is profitable yet. Never knew levenshtein was in there, just wrote my own function for it when I needed it. There are definatly a lot more people now, stuff of limited interest can pull 100 or more upvotes, I guess a better way to compare would be upvotes / active users. The graph should only count things that have reached at least 50 karma, or even maybe 100 recently. I doubt they meant to do that, I'm was sitting there thinking wow they want people to pay for this and they make mistakes like that that I never usually see from bloggers. Well if you are a single person looking for a co-founder, getting a business person straight up means that your still solely responsible for getting a product out, I guess either you are doing something you can manage, can afford to outsource some code, or you want a co-founder who can help.