"Setting up/using version control wasn't worth the frustration and time." I think the onslaught of very usable distributed source control systems with cheap and easy local repositories should make this a non-issue. I wish I had known about hg or git when I was in school - a simple repository per class/project would have alleviated a few pain points that weren't severe enough to be worth with the hassle of setting up a subversion repository. Can you use it to pay by credit card and split bills in complicated ways? To me, that is by far the larger annoyance than menus and ordering from waitstaff. It isn't really about slinging text faster, it is about editing code faster, freeing up more cycles for thinking. A great editor experience, whatever that means for you, can certainly help you write better software, and can give you more time to think about those harder problems. It reminds me of that tired old adage that you spend a third of your life asleep so you should have a comfy bed - you spend a lot of time in your editor, so it should be comfy. This isn't an argument for emacs or any other specific editor, but against the idea that your editor is a commodity not worth consideration. Awesome quote, never heard that before, I'm sure my brain will be in use thinking about it for awhile (how meta!). I think the key here is the difference between passive and active reading. It seems like reading passively is the default for most people, probably because it can be so darn enjoyable, but training yourself to read actively can result in even more enjoyment but, more significantly, will result in expanded brain use. Text is just a series of questions awaiting your own individual answers. I'm sympathetic to the idea of a goal-driven life and higher education as merely a means towards achieving those goals. But the fact of the matter is that goals are hard. Hard to achieve, surely, if ambitious enough, but more importantly, hard to conceive and define. The belief that action shouldn't be taken until a goal for that action is defined can be overwhelming and petrifying. Moving to an environment where many smart people are thinking about many hard problems can certainly be a worthwhile step towards the definition of goals, and should not be self-limited to people who already know what they want to be when they grow up. Meh, this is a straw-man. Conventionally rejecting overridden -> and () operators is a very long reach from ending up back at C. Disallowing operator overriding in general (as opposed to specific operators), namespaces, and classes would be much closer, and it still wouldn't be all that close to C (reinterpret_cast, templates...) There is a goodly sized amount of gray area between the two. Or did you mean your "things like that" to be much broader than my interpretation? Very interesting, I have lived in Boulder for years and can attest that it is a wonderful area (not just Boulder the entire Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs front range is beautiful) that is noticeably growing. It is also palpable, just anecdotally, that people who talk about moving almost entirely talk about northern California, Portland, and Seattle. If not the northwest, then Austin. Very cool to see these anecdotes confirmed by statistics. Could you list some reasons why you wouldn't want to write a machine learning algorithm in Javascript, or a write storage engine nor a ...? Lack of libraries? Too high level? Or do you not like the syntax/semantics/...? I thought this thread might benefit from my response as a self-admitted shiny-thing-chaser. Your Prada coat analogy is fairly silly, as I'm sure you are aware. First of all, when it comes to programming languages/frameworks, both the new-hawtness Prada and the "old fashioned" raincoat tend to be free, so there is no financial rationality argument to be made. Even if you (correctly) account time-to-learn as a type of cost, that cost is roughly equivalent to the time it took to learn the alternative you already know. I think a better analogy would be an old raincoat versus a new, similarly priced raincoat. Perhaps the new raincoat doesn't actually cover you properly from the rain though; unfortunately programming languages and tools are a lot more difficult to analyze than raincoats. Do we agree, at least, that some chasing of shiny things has been very beneficial to our field? That our current crop of languages are better raincoats than architecture specific assembly language? That assembly language was itself a better raincoat than machine language? If you will stipulate this, then is it your position that we have reached the pinnacle? That no more advances in productivity or correctness can be made? If this is your belief, then OK, that's fine, you are entitled to it, but I do not believe such a pinnacle even exists, much less that we have made it there. And if we indeed have not reached the pinnacle, then we need people who are early adopters, who are willing to try out and write for technologies that are immature and untested. Maybe most or all of them fail to be even as good as what we already have, and the whole thrust turns out to be fruitless, but with no thrust at all, success is not even a possibility. Everything old was once new, and all the old-fashioned technology once had early adopters being made fun of for their impracticality. Plus, learning new things is a great way to improve as a programmer and it's a lot more fun; all that other stuff is just incidental. I have a Kindle, and while I think it's a great device and that E-ink is a big win over back-lit monitors for prolonged reading, I use it a minuscule amount compared with dead-tree reading. It just doesn't feel right, especially for fiction. I would note that you can make notes and copying quotes is actually practical (although an argument can be made for hand-copying sections that you really want to sink in). All in all I think it will be awhile before I trade in the bookshelves. Interesting, I see this completely opposite from you. I spend all day looking at a lit screen and can hardly stand the idea of settling down to read a book on way in my leisure time. E-ink isn't as good as real paper, but it is far better than a computer screen in my opinion. I wish I knew someone who reads a similar amount as I do and touts the pleasures of iPad reading, so that we could discuss it, but I don't know any such person. In the NFL there is generally at least one hold on every play that goes uncalled. Far from offending our sense of fair play, we accept it as part of the game. Basketball is actually strategically centered around fouling and drawing fouls, charging players under the hoop and assuming their feet aren't set, which they usually aren't. These are perfectly accepted aspects of the sport. I hate the diving in soccer, but the push and pull of what the referee will allow you to get away with is a large part of every sport. I was hoping someone would mention ReadyTalk - I worked there a few years ago and can attest that they are very focused on user experience and personalized support and training, and have been building a really strong webinar offering. Give them a shot! As an earlier poster pointed out, GMail's non-js app is a totally different app, and let's be honest, it's a giant pain to use compared to the js version, and for most people it wouldn't have been worth the expenditure to make. GMail wouldn't have caught on if it were just the pure HTML version. Degradation is nothing but a nice-to-have for an app like that. Interesting about objects in javascript. I have actually started feeling that prototype-based object orientation is less tacked on than its class-based cousin. The syntactical implementation is a bit strange (the 'function' keyword for objects, putting functions on the prototype object rather than the object itself), but the mechanism itself seems more generic and flexible. The implementation in Io is better I think, you should check that out before discounting prototype-based object systems outright. Out of curiosity, why wouldn't you? We don't think twice about Google docs being a good idea, or a thousand other things that were once thought to be purely desktop applications, why should coding be any different? I think it's very striking how few good editors there are on the web, and no real IDEs (that I know of). This is something node.js has done very well. Anyone with basic javascript experience (and really, isn't that everyone?) can go from zero to fast, functional web server in 2 minutes. Then hit github and figure out which simple web framework to play with (the fragmentation is either a problem or benefit depending on your view) and voila, another 5 minutes later, a full, integrated, single language web stack. Very good for noobs. This strikes me as very poignant, and makes me wonder about how we form our networks. Why is it that the wealthy know the wealthy and the poor know the poor? Is it usually as simple as the existing networks of your parents that you are born into and then expand upon? Is it school, either college or high school or those who drop out of high school becoming your network depending on how far you go? Is it the who you work with? Is it out and out classist snobbery? Probably all of these things and more wrapped up in one... Hmmm, assuming since you posted an Ask HN that you read HN comments, it's difficult to believe you haven't seen lots of people talking about the usual subjects (at the moment) - node.js (javascript is the language), clojure, haskell, OCaml, scala, erlang. All of these will give you a new perspective coming from the three you mention, the first two are probably the most web-focused (though perhaps people will disagree with that?). Also, plus one for smalltalk/seaside, and minus one for python, which isn't mind-bending enough coming from Ruby in my opinion. Thanks for sating my curiosity! Some interesting points. 1. Not sure I agree here, I'd have to see some benchmarks of similar types of operations in local editors and javascript, but I think it should be roughly equivalent to, say, Eclipse's java-driven interface. 2. I think this is a good point, but I wonder what it is they don't yet have. "Can make really great editors in them" is a pretty vague requirement. 3. I personally think this is historical baggage. There is no reason the server hosting the editor (or another server communicated with that server) could not host your files. Hell, most open source projects are already done this way, hosted on github/sourceforge/etc. - downloading the project locally would be an unnecessary step if the code-hosters offered solid editing options. 4. This is probably the main point, to me. It's not enough to just edit through the web, because there are too many other things you need to do as well, which are even more difficult to detach from a local machine. +1 - My playflow at the moment is to follow the HN rss in google reader, open the comments in one tab and the article in another, because the comments here tend to be way more interesting than the comments there. Re: the comment about Disqus, I wonder if there is an integration of some sort to be had - Disqus really, really rocks, but the community on HN is better and more established than the commenters on any given blog. Very possibly it has - there is no way to know the answer to this kind of what-if, because you either have one or you have the other, you can't let the two alternatives compete with each other over the same time scale and then measure the outcomes. Very similar to the question of whether software patents help or hurt software innovation. There has been innovation in engineering with the PE system in place, and there has been innovation in software with the patent system in place, but there is no way to know if there would have been more or less over the same time period without those controls. Hmmm, seems like the appropriate role model to take from this may be "mass production". Perhaps that is the right and proper end game for any craft. But I tend to think that computers can't take all our jobs in this society, because once computers are fully capable of programming themselves our society will cease to exist in its present form. Just depends on how you define "success" (although I think being acquired and gutted by Oracle is outside anyone's definition). I'm sorry, I don't think this is the place for a thread that will inevitably devolve into tit-for-tat politics, but I really have trouble stomaching the commentary that the EPA should have less regulatory power over industry when proof of the big-picture bankruptcy of environmental deregulation is current gushing into the gulf at a few tens of thousands of barrels a day. Yes, it raises costs to force industries to comply with environmental protection standards. Yes, this is bad for the short-term of our economy. But we will continue to suffer the consequences of the environmental harm we do, even at the current regulatory levels, and more so with "a muzzle on the EPA". Seems to me as if Facebook used PHP for the small thing running yesterday aspect - since they've gotten big they've had to switch to different tools. "I carefully choose php for all of my projects because it's better than all of the alternatives. I know I'm not alone in my thinking." I often hear 'more practical', but rarely 'better', would you care to describe what features work better for you than what the alternatives offer? Those aren't problems with Java, they are (respectively) something that isn't important in many cases (and not even always true), something that is really only bothersome for short-running scripts, and a severe annoyance that can nonetheless be overcome fairly easily. There are plenty of reasons for a Lisp, or any language for that matter, to use it - a highly developed GC and JIT compilation capability that you don't have to write and maintain yourself not least among them. And the massive array of existing libraries that already run on the platform is not a negligible benefit in the least. Great comment, I'll be thinking about whether it should be "whom" or "which" for days now. I totally get this argument. I also think it's an old-dog-new-tricks problem more than anything else. Things like "foreach", "in", "myset[c]" are part of our existing vocabulary and things like "let", "partition-by", "identity", "map", "juxt" are not (and also, "wtf are first, count, and second..?" is pretty dramatic if you ask me - these are just what they sound like and not at all confusing). You have to learn a new vocabulary to be effective in these languages - maybe the size of the vocabulary is bigger, or the scope of each "word" is larger, but we deal with abstraction all the time; you have to trust that a method or a syntax feature does what the documentation says it does (or read the code for it yourself) regardless of the language. You are not the poster who said "casting malloc's return is evil", so perhaps you don't agree with that statement, but I don't see how either of the points you make lead to the conclusion that it is "evil". You say that since void* is implicitly cast to all pointer types, you never need to explicitly cast it, but why would that make an explicit cast evil? Also reminds me of the fantasy game in Ender's game. Of course that thing eventually turned into a universe-spanning uber-being, so maybe it's not such a good idea... 1. I read that more as customizing in userland than in the kernel, but I don't know what the original poster's intention was. I personally find it easier to configure a Linux machine than a Windows machine, but I think it comes down to familiarity and subjective preference a lot more than anything else. Not a built in solution for this, but have you seen lamson - http://lamsonproject.org/ ? Handle emails with python - would be trivial to simply post their contents to a url. How do you solve this problem for those of us in Colorado (or other non-flatlands) where nearly every drive involves mountains and hills. Would the idea be that in the dead zone, the car is smart enough to increase or decrease horsepower to adapt to these conditions and retain 0 acceleration or...? I think you would run into the same problem that cruise control runs into in the mountains - we don't have variable ratio transmissions, so at some point going up a hill it has to shift down a rev in order to stay the same speed. Doesn't work very well. SMS and phone calls don't broadcast, that is the key difference. Yeah but gcd is very simple (and also your version of it stack overflows around 7 digits, depending on how quickly a gcd is found, so it isn't really "correct") - most simple tasks will have similarly sized simple representations in nearly any language. The argument levied against Java is that it's code size does not scale linearly in relation to other languages as the complexity of the problem increases. Out of curiosity, if this is the case, why should more than a few people in the class pass? Do you believe that shoving the material down these unwilling students' throats in such a way that they are able to pass results in a higher portion of them gaining and retaining the knowledge than would have otherwise? To me it sounds like very few in this class are interested in or successful at learning your material, so what is the definition of "passing" a class? Bing is really good, but is absolutely not a good alternative from a "taking a moral stand against evil corporations" point of view. Don't know why people are downvoting you, what you say is very sensible and financially completely right - if the interest rate of the loan is below what you can get in interest on a nearly risk-free investment, then it is cheaper to pay the loan as slowly as possible. Having said that, I disagree with you that it is foolish to pay back loans as quickly as possible. Having no debt makes it much easier to live with no income (without having to declare bankruptcy). If that isn't something you aspire to then it doesn't matter, but I would personally enjoy that very much and will continue paying very close to the absolute maximum I can afford each month on my admittedly cheap loans. In my opinion, this book is practically a must-read for anyone living in our increasingly computing intensive world, not just for aspiring computer scientists. It has both depth and accessibility, starting with something familiar in concept to many people (Morse code), and slowly building more and more ideas toward the final realization of a workable computing machine. Great book. Why should universities be held liable for the ignorance (or perhaps naivety?) of guidance counselors and parents. College degree != guaranteed job, nor should it. This reply could be to the majority of comments on this post, I just chose yours because it's the first one. I'm pretty disappointed with HN being party to the same smug, knowing, tongue-in-cheek Rails (and to a lesser extent, Ruby) hating that you constantly see on Slashdot and elsewhere. There are merits to Rails, and also drawbacks, as there are with every tool. It isn't magic, or anything close - the code is all there for you to read, and it is just Ruby, no pixie dust anywhere. As a data point, I recently saw one of these with my girlfriend who is not super technical but not out of the loop either. The concept of rescuing us from our mobile screens resonated with her, but she was almost mad at the end to discover it wasn't a commercial for something involving real human interaction, but rather yet-another-mobile-screen-device. I wonder if they will end up angering both sides of the douchebags who spend all day looking at their phones debate. It certainly doesn't have the power of a modern supercomputer, but it surpasses everything on Wikipedia's supercomputer timeline until about halfway down (using the admittedly poor comparison of GHz - GFLOPS). From that point of view, I think "power of a supercomputer" is fairly reasonable. Apologies for lack displaying my lack of knowledge regarding Canadian politics, but what why would it be "spectacularly weird" for the Senate to wield their power, when groups with power nearly always wield it? What holds them back from doing so? As an American, it is very odd to hear that a body exists with power technically equivalent to our (very powerful) Senate, but with lifetime appointments, and yet they do nothing, and are not taken seriously. Simple answer to this question - most people prefer to experience things themselves, rather than outsourcing those experiences to photographers. Photos and videos don't even begin to approach the satisfaction of actually being somewhere. I really loved the book, but I do think the title is misleading - for me, it was really "familiarize yourself with the concepts of seven languages in two or three weeks". It's clearly a marketing title, which is a bit off-putting, but a great introduction to the included languages. Very good point. Do doctors and contractors have more sources of empirical data (or more widely known sources), or are they simply more willing to look for them? Does anyone here know of a good general resource for empirical data regarding the tools we are constantly debating? Why do shell aliases make you uncomfortable? If we are talking about your personal machine, and not a server where another user can be bitten by not understanding your personal alias preferences, what could the harm be? They can! # Make git completion work with aliases complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_checkout gco complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_rebase grb complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbdf complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_diff gd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log gl complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log glp "The extra keystrokes aren't going to have any meaningful impact on the amount of value I add to the projects I work on." Nor will removing those keystrokes have a negative impact on the value you add. Fear of forgetting the original commands is a reasonable argument against using aliases. It's very similar to the argument against using vim plugins for fear that you won't know how to use vi on servers or other peoples' machines. Nonetheless, most people use the plugins on their development machines which they feel make them the most productive in their day to day work. Same thing for aliases. Personally, I find your attitude much more frustrating than the phenomenon you rail against. If a comment is particularly insightful, then asking for clarification or expansion can lead to further interesting discussion. While it's nice to nod appreciatively at my screen when I read a good comment, it's much better to see it followed by a leading question and strong discussion. I assume he means putting together a computer in the sense of constructing one from commodity parts, in which case that one is definitely in line with the rest of the list. The other two are certainly more advanced exercises than the rest, but I think they are absolutely things CS students should be expected to be able to do, though many won't be willing to. Many won't be willing to do the other things on the list either, that's kind of the point of making an inspirational list, isn't it? Seriously. I can't think of any language feature in any other language that is heaped with so much passion (both positive and negative), while being entirely mundane. Out of curiosity, do you know or have a hypothesis for why you were invited? It seems like there are a decent number of people here who have been invited, but many who have not, with a similar trend for #googleplus on twitter, and I've yet to discern a sensible pattern. Hmm, I guess neither of us have anything besides anecdote, but here's the data for the entirety of my stream so far (includes me and people that are in my circles): Limited - 63% Public - 33% Extended Circles - 4% Total - 55 posts So, small sample for sure, and skewed by early adopters who are almost certainly interested in G+ because they have always hated the fire-hose of FB (disclosure: this is why I'm interested in it). I'm also only following about 5 people who could be considered public figures at the moment, and the overwhelming majority of those public posts come from Randall Munroe. So, take it or leave it, but for the time being, and at least for the people I know who are active on the service, I think limiting posts to certain circles or individuals is the preferred sharing method. As a further (small) data point, I've had a few people share photo albums with me, and none of them have done so publicly. Photos are definitely the major pain point of the oh-my-god-Grandma-can-see-this problem, but so are things like bad language, dirty jokes, non- or anti-religious articles, or politics in general, so seeing those things shared in a limited fashion could also be a game changer. I have already noticed an enormous difference in my own behavior - with Facebook, I dreaded the day my parents joined, and stopped using it basically as soon as they did, but with G+, I have already invited them because there is nothing to fear. Circles are absolutely valuable, but perhaps they won't be valuable enough to enough people. Special semantics for the "Following" circle might be nice, where anyone you put into that circle has a "Following You" circle that you are part of. Unfortunately, I think this is probably hard to do in a manner that does not add complexity and confusion to the existing implementation. It would make sense to people from the Twitter world, but breaks the implicit assumption that your circles are private. We constantly make these decisions in the real world. Who do I invite to dinner tonight, whose 4th of July barbecue do I go to, who would be interested in going to see this movie, who wants to geek out over some LOTR Risk while drinking cheap wine (only 4 players!), and on and on and on. Perhaps it's unfortunate that, while we don't have to actually attach any sort of text (which I'll allow you, definitely is a label), on the internet we do. But, as an earlier reply said, these generally aren't the possibly-offensive labels referred to by the common wisdom against labeling people, they merely represent the real disconnect between various groups of people that we like. Is anyone out there putting people into circles like "Losers", "Smelly Nerds", or "Jerks" rather than "Friends", "Coworkers", or "Family"? You're the first person I've seen use the word "introvert" in this discussion, and it seems right to me - maybe Google+ is just the social network for introverts. It explains the huge difference between the "who cares about that?" people and the "oh my gosh that sounds perfect!" people that I have spoken to - more extroverted people vs. more introverted people. "Scammed" is probably not the right word here - at least to me, it conveys a malicious intent, while mistakes like this are merely ignorance. I'm sure most of us have made mistakes just as stupid as this, despite working hard to earn our pay. This is totally awesome, and is a huge boon for both Heroku and Ruby, but I'd much prefer to see them hire Rich Hickey or Guido van Rossum or Martin Odersky or ...well, the list goes on. Heroku is already knows Ruby cold, they should be on-boarding the people that can help them bring their A-game to other platforms. I look forward to a world where I can ask myself the question "which platform is quickest to get up and running on" and have the answer be a list with 10 entries. Lots of people are trying this, but Heroku has the experience to make it work. Yes, this exactly. Donald Rumsfeld got no end of flack for his comment (distilled here) "there are known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns", but it's actually a great statement - in this case, there are some people who know they know how to make captchas, some people who know they don't, and some people who don't know that they don't know. Well, here's why I'm skeptical (or let's just say opposed if you prefer) - overpopulation is already a problem, and substantially lengthening life expectancy will only make that worse. Basically, I'm afraid we're closer to solving our medical problems than we are to solving our planet-supporting-our-population problems. If we solve the latter in tandem, then I'm on board. Or are you only talking about quality-of-life improvements, rather than lengthening life expectancy? Assuming this is even possible, I think the problem with it would be the psychological toll of a death to the survivors - while always sad, the death of an elderly loved one is less jarring than the death of a loved one in their prime ("it was his time") - so keeping everyone in their prime right up until their death would eliminate a powerfully useful coping mechanism. I think the problem with this is that negotiations are very sensitive to starting terms, what he would pay for (and I think many others would as well) is basically an intelligent idea of where to start. The idea that business shouldn't be expected to train its workforce is intriguing to me. This seems to be an underlying assumption in our society, but I don't recall ever having heard an argument for it one way or the other. Isn't a business that refuses to provide any of the necessary education for its employees profiting from a well-educated society without pitching in anything for the bill? If all governments worldwide were to refuse to invest in education in any way, the rational business decision would be to take this on themselves, or risk having no workforce with which to remain competitive. From this point of view, our enormous societal investment in education looks a lot like a subsidy. I would be interested to see some quantification of the total cost to educate a company's work force, compared with its tax burden (and the "taxable activity" it sparks, if that is quantifiable in some way), for a number of different types of companies. Has anyone seen data like this? Doing some napkin-style calculations it seems like I could convince myself of either conclusion. That isn't a solid case for our population's inability to think critically, it's a solid case for the problems caused by the necessity of specialization in a highly complex society. In nearly every interaction outside our chosen areas of expertise, we are all on the wrong end of an information asymmetry. Expecting everyone in society to have at least an intermediate level of expertise in is not the solution. Here's an example - I go to the doctor, the doctor prescribes a certain cholesterol medication, I go pick it up and start taking it regularly. There's every chance that next year, someone on the internet will be implying that I'm stupid, that I lack critical thinking skills, because everyone knows that this cholesterol drug causes a major medical condition. I'll be told that anyone who knew anything about medicine at the time I was prescribed this drug would have told me that I shouldn't have taken it. And yet, my doctor, who presumably did know things about medicine, told me to take it. Should I have done my own due diligence into this drug? How would I know where to start? Do I need to be taught biology so that I know how to figure out which medicine is and isn't safe? Does everyone need to have enough understanding of medicine to make these sorts of decisions? The financial system is less complicated than medicine, but it is not at all trivial. People who were sold snake oil by those with more expertise than themselves do not lack critical reasoning skills. They merely trusted authority, which we all have to do on a daily basis just to get by in a world where everything is complex. tl;dr; People who didn't understand the consequences of adjustable rate mortgages or believe that prayer is the only way they can contribute to solving our debt problem aren't stupid; they don't know much about finance, but they probably know a lot about something else. I think what you are missing is the in between phase where scarcity still exists, but the best way to produce scarce outputs does not involve humans, besides those who own or run the scarce-output-production entities. This seems to me to either produce societies with wild inequities between a very few producers and a very many do-nothings, or the types of socialist utopias that we appear to be really horrible at as humans. The everyone-has-a-magical-everything-maker phase, I agree, that sounds pretty solid. But it is higher-risk to be unable to find anyone employable than it is to train people yourself. So the system depends on a surplus of already-trained workers, which someone needs to provide, or everyone suffers. It will be interesting (and terrifying! don't get me wrong, but also interesting) to see what happens if we get to this point - there is no Bastille for the masses to storm, throwing out the entirety of the democratic government would accomplish very little in terms of wealth redistribution, and the military now has the literal capability, though hopefully not the strength of will or weakness of conscience, to kill every member of the starving horde. Our distribution of wealth may not be as skewed as pre-revolutionary France, but our concentration of might is far higher. Absolutely. My typical workflow is a mixture of full-screen windows and windows that are tiled left-right or top-bottom. For what feels like forever, I have managed this manually (and tediously), but then I found Moom - http://manytricks.com/moom/ - and it made my life easy. My girlfriend manages grant money for a large research institution where a sizable majority of the funds come from taxpayer-backed grants. You would be surprised (well, or maybe not) how often the researchers on the grants yell at her for not letting her have unfettered access to "their money". Even our friends who are researchers for other labs will get heated with her when she defends the casually-maligned administrators of their own grants. It's all very ugly and wrong-headed. One of my new favorite interview questions is: When researching how to integrate a feature, you come across a chunk of code that is atrocious, but unrelated to your feature - what do you do? The answer can be very telling. My eyes were similarly opened to the unnatural focus on calculus in mathematical education by the book "Everything and More" by David Foster Wallace. It is about Georg Cantor's search for an understanding of infinity, but spends much of its time laying groundwork with a lengthy adventure through math history, including many of the topics Stillwell mentions in that quote. http://www.amazon.com/Everything-More-Compact-Infinity-Disco... Absolutely do learn the fundamentals. Be able to look off into space and imagine the flow of a system at many different levels of abstraction. Understand how compilers, interpreters, and operating systems wrangle your hardware into submitting to your will. Learn and design algorithms. Spend time thinking about how your computer gets from point A to point B for every program you use. Do all those things and more, but then be willing to embrace being somebody who "glues APIs together" when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs using others that you have glued together, and then make something with all that abstract, algorithmic thinking and all that glue. 1.9.1 is there, 1.9.2 is not. But I still the the better solution is to build from source on each machine, or create a custom 1.9.2 package for the machines you will be using. As other comments have pointed out, RVM is held together with string and duct tape and breaks frequently. I haven't dug into the code from this project, but being more testable and maintainable would be one of the biggest wins they could achieve from my point of view. Yeah it's a really interesting demonstration of something that is just so darn useful that you're crazy not to use it (on your development machine), regardless of your complaints with it. I'm not familiar with the technique you're referring to, is there a reference you could point me to that discusses "apt-pinning" packages from testing? We recently had a "there must be a better way" moment trying to get a standardized Ruby 1.9.2 installation set up - I think what you're describing is that better way. This is kind of a classic "fast, correct - choose one" debate. If saving time is more important, perhaps you should use RVM in production, if correctness is more important, you probably shouldn't. It comes down to how expensive your mistakes are. Certainly the 52-year-old developer all else being equal. Isn't this a complete no-brainer? It's interesting to me that you thought you were the only one who put doing before ...learning, for lack of a better word - from what I can tell, the trendy thing at the moment (besides all the trendy technologies) is to spurn design, best practices, and maintainability in favor of doing things in the stinky, realistic, checkbook and bills friendly manner. At least if you're judging solely based on articles and comments that get upvoted on HN. It's a constant pendulum between "right" and "quick", which makes me think the answer is almost certainly somewhere in the middle. Honestly, it makes me wary of being a customer of startups currently, if everyone is just trying to get to version 1 as quickly as possible without any consideration for the future, so I hope that attitude is not as widely spread as it appears to be. When you say "no one has ever taken advantage of this", do you mean that nobody has ever taken any time off at all, or that you feel nobody has abused the rules in your opinion? I certainly hope it isn't the first, because if so, that's a very very bad policy. I think saying "yes, there's a Clear, but what would you do if there weren't", or "yes, there's a Clear - how would you implement it if you made the library?". Interview questions where the right answer is "I know an API or assume something about it correctly" are stupid, but questions where that is the right answer with a more interesting follow-up are not. I agree with the thrust of your statement, but it's worth keeping in mind that while physics isn't magic it is not deterministic either, once you start working with really small things. You see this a lot (even on this forum) with people referring to Rails "magic", when it can't possibly be anything but a bunch of lines of code being executed according to the rules of a certain interpreter. I think the assumption was that even arrays indexed by integers are stored as JS Objects, which are basically a hashmap style structure, and so they wouldn't be implemented like a ho-hum, classic array. I'm not sure if that assumption is right, but if it is, there would be no need to re-address each element. I really like your insight about the accumulation of decisions over the course of a project - I've never thought about it in quite that way, that by having one default decision or the other, your project's destiny is completely different. Picking a sane default answer to that question for a project should be thought of as one of the (many) important jobs of its creator. edit: I really don't understand why the parent comment was downvoted and then deleted. Isn't this identical to what the original post I replied to was saying - those he refers to as the "clueless" have not sufficiently analyzed enough technology to distinguish it from magic. I wouldn't go so far as calling people clueless though, thinking of some things as magical black boxes frees up mental space. Yes, that would be a great answer, and ideally they get to the part you mentioned about adding it to an internal library, to which the next question is, Ok, you're adding it, how do you write it? My point is merely that it's still worthwhile to see an implementation, rather than moving on when you hear the word "Clear". Might be a good way to know if you're doing something boring if you're just playing the pick-the-package game. If what you're doing is less interesting than re-implementing all those packages, then it might not be worth doing. There are people who give a damn about the product on other technology stacks, and being interested in shiny things is not mutually exclusive with being pragmatic and caring about product. But maybe you're right that the Java community has the most people like this. If I shift my internal definition of "smart" to mean what it seems to mean in the context of your post, then I can't really argue, but aren't we starting to get some tunnel-vision in this community about what it means to be "smart"? It's absolutely not true that "most people" can write CRUD apps, but perhaps you meant "most programmers", at which point you've limited your set of people to a group who understand a very complex machine well enough to make it do their bidding. I personally don't know any programmers I wouldn't call "smart", but maybe I'm just a webby dummy myself and your definition of the word is better than mine. Nit-pick: it's actually spelled "Clojure" - wouldn't matter, except for the existence of Google's tool set called "Closure", which Clojure's browser hosted version uses, leading to lots of room for confusion. Kickstarter and development of affordable 3D printing are another two, just to lengthen the arrow pointing in the direction of the future you're imagining. Having said that, the transition from our current world to that world could be pretty darn rocky, if it's even possible. Please do enumerate the solutions you are alluding to if you're willing - I'm sure I'm not the only person on here who is curious and has no idea what you're talking about or where to start looking. This ignores the non-financial side of employment decisions. I, for one, would hate to be an investment banker right now, because pretty much everyone I care about would lose nearly all their respect for me. This effect seems to be weaker than money, but it does exist. Ok clearly you think the rest of your argument is obvious, but I'm going to be dense and say "yes", those are tools. Just as the Linux kernel is a tool for managing the various resources of the system. Maybe it's the word "merely" that's tripping things up, but I don't see how any of these things fail to fit the word "tool". What I find hilarious is the idea that things can "just" be built (motherfuckas), rather than things built through lots of hard work, dedication, and yes even that apparently dirty word analysis . What this article is suggesting sounds great for prototypes, which is what startups should be doing early on, but not forever. It definitely makes sense to have it in the query string, and I think people are already doing it that way, but the author makes a good point - it isn't a resource in its own right, it's merely a different representation. But in my experience, requiring Accept manipulation outside of .json versus .xml makes your service less usable by clients, which often don't expose anything besides the url. Why did you do all those things? Did you have to use bash for all that software? Were you concerned about portability? Do you just dislike python? I have no trouble understanding how complex programs can be written in bash, but I have never understood why . I read his article less as a refutation than as a "get off my side!" argument. He seems to fundamentally agree with Gruber and MG but fundamentally disagree with their presentation of the argument. This is similar to how many of my friends and family members believe homosexuality to be immoral but believe picketing the funerals of gay people with offensive signs is awful. The Pyramid of Refutation (which is new to me and awesome, by the way) doesn't apply because the goal is not to refute. > How many times did you have to solve a brain teaser at work? There is a fine line between brain teasers and the difficult problems that are our bread and butter. To answer your question: I would categorize many particularly subtle problems I've solved at work as brain teasers, so my number is high. Relevant problems are a great way to judge someone's problem solving skills, but any problem that gives a glimpse into the way a person thinks is sufficient. I am probably not willing to give a candidate the amount of context to describe, let alone time to solve, the exact problem that I happen to be in the middle of on the day of an interview, but rather one we have already solved and determined to be interview-worthy. This means I certainly don't care about the solution, but rather the path to the solution. If you believe, as I do, that people tend to walk similar paths through every problem they solve, and that the path is important and the solution worthless, then the relevance of the problem is irrelevant. 1) If the whiteboard and lack of tools is the problem, what would you think about projecting your monitor? 2) Nobody cares how good your solution is, they care about seeing your thought process while solving it. They are likely waiting breathlessly to ask you follow up questions about your poor implementation that will further enlighten them about the way you think. It would be a downright shame to disappoint them by writing a great solution right away. 3) This is a legitimately big problem. Everyone responds to the pressure of interviews differently and it is definitely not necessarily correlated to their response to the pressures of the workplace. Ideally you would notify the interviewer(s) of your anxiety beforehand and they would be willing to work with you on either a short take-home (which a lot of people also hate for other reasons), or some type of working interview (which is often infeasible). The original article was about a specific-language whiteboard problem, which is open to arguments about tooling and internet access, but many people ask these sorts of questions in terms of pseudocode, structured written english, or even discourse out-loud, and the goal is not to determine programming language or algorithm knowledge, but problem solving skills. edit: phrasing I agree that the real test is how well you do on the real codebase. But (as an interviewer) I'm not going to let you see that codebase or spend time describing its architecture to you until I'm convinced you are worthwhile. Hence, walk me through the steps to generate something programmatically; Pascal's triangle or anything else. I don't give a shit that you found code for it on Google, I'm not looking for a solution - I'm looking to understand how well you can solve problems. I completely agree about projecting - going to paper and pencil after years of vim just feels absurd - but some people find it more invasive and/or high pressure. Wow, working through a mutually unknown problem is such a great idea and I had never heard or thought of it before. Thank you sir! You're in a room with these people having a conversation. A simple "Hey what level of engineering are you looking for in this solution?" would do nicely. Maybe some people will say that it has to be unit tested, rigorously documented, and proven correct, all on a whiteboard, and that would be really dumb. But nobody is going to say that, they're going to say "Give us a sketch - we're just looking for your thought process". The whole thing about misunderstandings and misinterpretations is just really silly when you're sitting there in a room with them. It also isn't just your code that is being judged - if you can't pose a simple question to some people sitting across a desk from you, or if you're too stodgy to ever under any circumstances write pseudocode or a piece of code that you aren't sure works yet, or make up a reasonable API that you don't remember the exact incantation for, maybe because you're too honorable or something, then I don't think you're a culture fit. I went to the site expecting it to be an open-source library providing one convenient API into all the things you mention. In fact it wasn't until I went to the top menu looking for a Github or download link that I realized it was a hosted for-pay service. I think a library bringing all those things together (maybe without the geolocation part) would be useful, and I don't personally know of one. Ah, apologies, I didn't mean to advocate for coding tests as an all-or-nothing negative filter, though I see now that the thread I'm in may suggest that. It can be a good negative filter, but nobody should be disqualified by a single poor answer. Good questions are designed to reveal problem solving skills, so the path taken even to a very poor answer should be illuminating and lead the interviewer to another question. How is the push to show a productive 20% project at Google any different than the push at most companies to show a productive 100% work time. Most people working on open source projects are working full time and doing open source in their free time. People who are willing to do that, and who produce high quality open source code are definitely worth hiring, but it's difficult to do and isn't for everyone, so hiring only on the basis of open source contribution is a bad idea. Also, do any companies exist that are trying to make the whole lifecycle of ebook self-publishing dead simple for non-techies? It seems that it's "not that easy"(1) even for techies and that non-techie authors can be overwhelmed with the amount of work they have to do that isn't writing a book(2). The only relevant company I know of is http://leanpub.com , but they state in their manifesto that they are only interested in the very specific and (I'm guessing here) relatively uncommon style of incremental self-publishing. (1) http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2012/01/e-book-publis... (2) http://www.npr.org/2012/01/08/144804084/a-self-published-aut... around 5:30 in the audio This is not limited to the internet. We learn as children that persuasive writing is weakened by statements such as "I believe", "in my opinion", or "in my limited experience". (I believe that) it is true that such statements weaken writing, and that it should be the reader's job to determine which content is editorial and subconsciously insert the "in my opinion"s where appropriate. Having said all that, it does seem hard to find intellectual honesty on the internet, but I had more trouble finding a decent newspaper in London so it's not an isolated problem. You absolutely do not have enough context to make that judgement. I doubt his company is curing cancer or colonizing mars, but do you really think poor intellectual property assignment policies alone make any company, bad? It is one of many, many axes and it doesn't override everything else. It has nothing to do with you screwing up. Of course every individual person makes mistakes pretty much constantly, which is why there is a whole team developing an application, and why there is pair programming, and why there are code reviews, and why there are tests. As a customer of Basecamp, it doesn't worry me that you made that mistake - totally easy mistake to make - but that nobody else noticed it and no automated tests caught it. It seems to me that 37signals may have gone too far the opposite way in their rejection of process and stifling rules. It is reasonable, and testing can't catch everything, but it does say something about them, though I don't think it's anything they wouldn't say about themselves - their top priority is not assuring quality, but assuring that quality lapses can be, and are, quickly rectified. That's fine, but it's not for every application or every team. That doesn't match the current marketing terminology. This is meant to be topical, not strictly informational, though I think it succeeds as both. Your comment seems to hinge on this idea that "the overwhelming majority of truly interesting works are not for profit", which seemed dubious, but interesting. Then you end with a disclaimer noting that you are an extreme outlier in your opinion and consumption of interesting works. Your comment could have been edited down to "I don't like for-profit works so if everyone liked the same things as I do, we wouldn't need copyright." It's an intriguing thought, and I'm fascinated by your rejection of our society's usual entertainments - is it a principled stand? do you really just dislike that stuff and like other things more? how and when did this start? - but it's not very germane to solving the wider society's issues with copyright because a lot of the rest of us are pretty into some of the books, music, and movies that are made for profit. Could you link to that decision or do you perhaps know the name of the case so I could search for it? The deprivation idea doesn't seem to be intuitive to most people I've talked with and it would be great to know the actual case law. His point is that there are no good non-Windows substitutes precisely because the non-Windows market for that software is too small and that by using the Windows version you are removing yourself from the already-too-small market that you should have been part of, which continues the cycle. Your points are definitely valid, but they only reinforce the argument that pirating Windows only harms the competition. Put another way, if you were completely unwilling to either pay for or pirate Windows, the market for the hypothetical non-Windows substitute for a program you need would is guaranteed to be one person larger than it currently is, whereas with the willingness to pirate Windows, that market may be one person smaller. I currently have this problem with a Windows 7 machine I bought from eBay. I can't activate it and I have a black desktop (sorta annoying) and two or three different things that pop up periodically to yell at me (incredibly annoyingly, especially the one that makes an obnoxious error noise). This situation is definitely my fault - there are a few possibilities for where I went wrong: 1) maybe the guy I bought it from was not legit - I asked him lots of questions before going through with the purchase but that's about as much as I could (or would be willing to) do, 2) Using what I believed to be the correct, legal process, I created an install disk and looked up the key for my existing OEM install, which I used to reinstall a fresh instance without any of the HP nonsense the machine came with, 3) For a couple days I had an install using the same key on a VM to test something with IE9. Any one of those things could be the problem and they were decisions I made, Microsoft didn't force or manipulate me. But here's the thing, at the end of the day what I have is a really obnoxious machine and if I had just bought a Mac (off of eBay even!) or installed Linux instead, I wouldn't have to deal with any of this. You're right that the Microsoft experience isn't so bad, if you follow the rules you're probably going to have a bare minimum of hassle, but it is still so much worse than the competition on this front. "Everyone aspire large wealth disparity" I hear things like this a lot about human nature, and I try really hard to believe them, but at the end of the day I have to admit that I don't personally know a single person who thinks this way. Everyone I know would very much like to pay off their debt, have easy access to shelter, food, and entertainment for themselves and their loved ones, and not have to work but be able to do whatever they love doing as much as they want to do it. It is possible that there is not enough aggregate wealth in the world for everyone to be prosperous enough to achieve these things, so desiring them is equivalent to the desire for wealth disparity, but it is not the disparity itself. I am not suggesting that there are no people who desire disparity itself, only that I have trouble convincing myself that it is "everyone", since I don't know any. Although Karunamon already replied, I think you were responding to me. I'm not sure I understand the question - I'm not arguing that it is not an intuitive aspect of theft, I am stating that it has not been intuitive to people I have discussed this with. It is a fact, not an argument - are you trying to ask if I'm arguing that it should be an intuitive aspect of theft? If so then I really don't have an opinion - I think intuition is completely subjective and that there is no "should" about it. Admittedly, I missed the dichotomy in your original post between those making ends meet and those aspiring to wealth disparity - I thought you meant that even those just trying to make ends meet aspire to wealth disparity, which is why egalitarian movements fail, when what I think you meant is that once people stop having to make ends meet, they then begin to aspire wealth disparity. I would be very interested to see the data you are basing your knowledge of society on, since it must be outside your personal experience. Also I'm not familiar with the modern social class definition system that you speak of, where can I read about that? Yes, I am this way as well, but I think of it as a kind of allowance of irrationality that I have to make up for in other ways. I love dead-tree books, but eBooks are better in pretty much every way. The bright side is that there are plenty of used books that will continue circulating through stores and private collections for many many years, and they'll be cheap. "It's an internal CRM system, so why not shove it full of in-jokes and vi-keybindings for navigation? Why not give it a REST API and a CLI app to consume it?" Because the users of the system don't care about any of that crap, so it's a waste of time and money, which most companies don't have extra of to spare. As a disclaimer: I don't claim to understand academic politics. Having said that, I think you need some sort of citation or at the very least a stronger argument to back up the statement that "collaboration is something valued by people who greatly depend on others". To a non-involved observer such as myself, what you're describing (in a positive tone?) just sounds petty and extremely unproductive for everyone involved, whether they're average or "very capable". Here is how I read this thread - someone links to a tool that wraps git with a prettier command line UI, you say that you don't need that, here's some magical aliases, others say but those aren't pretty like the tool we were originally discussing, you say "if you want a pretty UI, go use a tool that wraps Git and provides one" ...like the one from the original link? I don't get your argument, is there a reasonable place for prettier UIs wrapping common Git commands, or do we all just need to be more hardcore and learn to write good aliases? I'm sorry for being dense, but you still haven't convinced me that "people who are highly capable don't need collaboration" is implied by the definition of "highly capable". Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Larry Page, etc. - these people are all highly capable and all collaborated to achieve their greatest successes. Are we using different definitions of "collaboration"? Your proposed research topic would be a lot more interesting without the inherent bias you introduce by measuring only the correlations of negative reaction and ignoring any correlations to positive reaction. You're using a subjective definition of "better" and waving off anyone with a different definition as being either old or a hipster. Body language, tone of voice, word emphasis, etc. is not about being able to predict what someone is thinking or feeling, but about communicating meta-text, for which the electronic stand-ins (lol, emoticons, caps, italics, etc.) are severely lacking and really quite lame. Talking to someone in person even just one time, so that you can hear their voice when you read their text adds a lot of richness to electronic communication. If electronic communication really is better in every way, as your first two paragraphs claim (pretty offensively - "Bullshit", "no grace", "cowardice", "vaccine"), then why wouldn't you want to propose marriage over SMS? In-person communication is good . Electronic communication is also good , but in different ways, and for different things. All this "BETTER" stuff is nonsense - if you have a short missive to fire off, use a text, if you haven't talked to a friend or loved one for awhile, pick up a phone or get on a plane! Or maybe I'm just a hipster (I don't think I'm old yet...) I know this is an old thread, but I just saw your response. And... I don't quite know what to say, besides that it seems ridiculously offensive to the hundreds and hundreds of people that made Microsoft and Apple what they are. I don't know what type of evidence you're looking for, and I don't know what it has to do with co-founders, but it seems pretty obvious to me that one person couldn't have designed every piece of Apple hardware or software or every version of Windows. That's why we invented collaboration - it gives extremely productive people a multiplier. It is possible now , but does not seem to be widely adopted. Jose Valim posted an example of a very lightweight app just today - https://gist.github.com/1942658 . I've yet to see any of the people conflating the Rails repository with the Github team reply to any of the (many) people in this thread pointing out that creating a ticket in the Rails repository is in no way the same as warning the Github team, so I'm really curious - is there general confusion about where the lines are between Github and Rails, or are you just being obstinate? Probably I was duped, but I didn't read the OSM statement as watered down PR at all, but rather as a reasonable human reaction to such a high-profile use of their labor of love with an unfortunate caveat - maybe sufficiently advanced PR speak is indistinguishable from genuine human interaction. Yeah GP seems to imply Linus lost that debate. Quite the contrary, Tannenbaum titled his post "LINUX is obsolete", so the argument was fundamentally about whether he was right about his title, or whether he was wrong - the last two decades of history have pretty clearly proven him wrong. Not sure I see your point - one of those thousands of developers out there can partner with or hire one of those thousands of him out there as well. There are lots of people who can program and lots of people who have ideas, and not so many people who can work together to technically execute ideas into profitable technology. Which is kind of the point the people you have been arguing with have been trying to make. Here's an idea from a non-idea-guy: do for those of us who have no clue how to approach your list of non-technical skills what Codecademy has done for those with no idea how to approach programming. Start us slow, treat us like we know nothing, but give us the chance to prove otherwise. Allow us to work on our own time, and charge us orders of magnitude less than an MBA costs. I would pay for that. You're painting pretty broadly with that stereotype brush. Books influence people but are not the only influence on people. You have no idea which books _why appreciates or the extent to which they have influenced his personality, so stop guessing. I hate words like "Randroid", "Republitard", "Democrap", etc. regardless of whether I agree or disagree with their connotation. They are the adult, but no more mature, equivalent of the childhood poopypants slur - you are other so you are bad. You're conflating two groups with each other, one that is the larger group of people who appreciate or have been influenced by Rand's work, and one that is presumably a subset and is made up by people you have interacted with and formed an impression of. This is how stereotypes work, you conflate a subset of people that you have direct evidence of with the superset of people that they are related to in some way. Just because I can't argue with the existence of the subset in your evidence does not mean that your stereotype is not ridiculous. I don't claim that _why and Rand would agree with each other in a philosophical discussion, but that is not proof that she had no influence on him. Often what influences us most is that which forces us to think very hard about why we disagree. And everyone who uses those sorts of childish words believes them to be apt. "But Republicans really are retards". Please. Obviously it can't look much like Codecademy and perhaps it is not about verbally stated principles. Maybe the bigger question is: how does the progress that has been made by people using technology to reduce the financial and social barriers to learning technical material translate to learning "softer" material? If we want to eventually live in a world where the university in its current form has been superseded (and I do), someone needs to answer that question. It sounds hard and uncertain but very valuable if successful - a winning combination if you ask me. That barriers are "built by the schooling system into our minds" is exactly what I meant by my "social barriers". Sorry for not being clearer, we agree on that point. I still think there are very real financial barriers to education, perhaps not for the true autodidacts who can learn everything from a book, but for everyone else who requires some structured instruction. Nothing you say is wrong, but neither is any of it an argument against instruction. It is incredibly helpful to hear and forget before you see and remember before you do and understand. Get over yourself. It's great that you're 30, have assets and a good life, and have never been unemployed. Huge swaths of the generation you so casually refer to as "whiners" will never have the chance to make those claims regardless of what they do or don't expect from the world, and you scoff at them from your comfortable perch. Let's have some perspective - when kids decide whether and where to go to college, and agree to take on its debt, they are 17 and know nothing about the world, about job markets, about mortgage rates, about growth industries and dying industries. They are told by their parents and other adult influencers to study what they are passionate about because in America you can be whatever you want to be if you try hard enough and if you go to a good school. So the dumb 17-year-olds of this "whiner" generation went to college during a strong economy and played along with all the adult assurances that they would do great, and they graduated to a world with no work and especially not for most people who studied something they were "passionate" about. It's such crap to scorn people for regretting decisions they were led into when they were clueless. People need to take responsibility for their own success, but our society needs to be thinking long and hard about how it has failed this generation and how to avoid failing the subsequent ones. As you pointed out, your problem and the problem he is trying to solve here are completely different. Your problem definitely exists, and lots of people are working hard on solving it, whether that means those working on improving chef and puppet themselves, or on other less flashy configuration management systems, or on new projects that are attempting to improve on the existing solutions in a more fundamental way. Presumably Yehuda is simply less interested in contributing to that work than in trying to solve this other unrelated problem. You may argue that this problem does not exist, but the many articles decrying how hard rails has become and the competing projects that are also working on this suggest that you are wrong. Also, it's way more than 5 shell commands and even if it were only 5 it would be worthwhile to make it easier. This is such an intriguing comment. I thought you were standing on reasonably logical ground (even if I disagree) until this part: ...What in the world is the difference? If anything it makes more sense to fund work that is actually useful than work that is simply beautiful or interesting. Dude, take a step back and forget that you know this stuff already and do it professionally. That list is not easy and far from obvious, even for real programmers coming from other environments, let alone for actual programming beginners. Your list is far from canonical even at this very moment and hasn't even been common for very long. To figure out your list, I have to: 1) know that homebrew is the "right" way to install software that rails depends on, rather than MacPorts or Fink, or the Mac app store, or download.com, and oh yeah, there is this thing called sudo, and I should install homebrew recipes using it, or should I??, 2) know that rbenv and ruby-build are things that exist and that they are competitors to RVM but are either more or less in vogue depending on who I talk to, 3) understand that rbenv doesn't just work in the current shell without closing and re-opening it, 4) know that the "right" version of ruby to use is 1.9.2-p290 (I have to know the patch-number?!) and that I need to install it and set it as my local version (wait, what does that mean, why do I need a local version?), before I can get around to actually installing rails and using it. Now, I could just blindly follow someone's list from a blog post (randomly chosen presumably, because the theory here is that I don't know enough about these things to make an informed decision). Maybe I would even get lucky and find a list that works properly with the version of rails that the official documentation is talking about, but it would still be a much better experience by far to go to the official rails site and be told: "hey, download this all-inclusive, up-to-date, guaranteed to work disk image straight from us!". The steps aren't hard, it's knowing which ones to do that is hard. And yes, you should learn what all those things mean and why everyone does them, but it shouldn't be the very first thing you learn. You don't need to learn those things as early as possible. You need to learn them eventually, as you're getting closer to gaining expertise. Accidental complexity early along the road to expertise is a hinderance not a help. The complexities of setting up a system so you can develop rails on it exist to solve problems that experts have discovered through years of working with the system, but which people coming to it fresh don't, and shouldn't need to, know that they have yet. I can't tell what you're actually arguing for or against in this thread. There seem to be two different things: 1) The rails.app project wants to solve a problem that doesn't exist. There are a lot of comments here from other people who think getting started with rails is confusing, and who point out that your much-touted five steps are not complete, canonical, or easy, so I won't further beat that dead horse. 2) There are many harder problems you'll come across when doing rails professionally. This is incredibly true, nobody disagrees, but it's irrelevant to the rails.app project. While this is generally fantastic, it seems like it would be a real bummer in an apocalyptic modern-medicine-eliminated need-to-repopulate type of situation (only mostly kidding). > It's more likely (of course not 100%) they have more data and experience than you and me. Having data does not imply usefully analyzing it, and "experience" is nothing more than a plurality of anecdote. Without actually seeing the data, I think your best guess here should be 50/50, rather than the very biased-toward-the-high-end "more likely (of course not 100%)" that you have. Appeal to authority is especially dangerous when you are making decisions that affect your company's bottom line based on peoples' ability to format text. I started using rails after all of that, but regardless of how it was back then, I think it's worth pointing out for people who aren't aware - there are really good app servers for rails now. The reason you have to defend yourself is that your style is currently less idiomatic than their style. The caveat of non-idiomatic choices is that you have to defend them either indefinitely or until the idioms change, whichever comes first. What I find odd is when people make a non-mainstream choice and aren't willing to put in the effort to back it up - swimming against the stream is great, but you have to be able to explain to people why you're doing it or be tough enough to ignore them when they ask. Why is the latter better? It seems equally good, but less idiomatic and certainly less obvious to most Ruby programmers. I'm not sure what you mean by cramped, but I think that the interpolation style is, on the contrary, much easier to read when you have multiple fields: puts "#{num} #{vessels} of #{liquid} on the #{where}, you #{verb1} one #{adverb1}, #{verb2} it #{adverb2}, #{num - 1} #{vessels} of #{liquid} on the #{where}" puts "%d %s of %s on the %s, you %s one %s, %s it %s, %i %s of %s on the %s", [ num, vessels, liquid, where, verb1, adverb1, verb2, adverb2, num - 1 ] It's an extreme example, but you just read the first, while you have to think about the second. > Then that's your own fault. I check my privacy settings every couple months It's grandparent's fault for not being enslaved to FB's pain-in-the-ass purposefully exploitative system the way you are? No, it is FB's fault for being a purposefully exploitative pain-in-the-ass. I found the non-argument that you two just had to be interesting, informative, and entertaining. So don't feel too bad about losing the argumentative-agreement battle - it was great while it lasted! Similarly, just because a piece of legislation has a horrible feature, doesn't mean it can't be fantastic for its other properties. Fraud exists. Fraud will exist after this bill goes into effect. So will non-fraudulent business models and investment opportunities that were unworkable before the bill. Does the benefit of those new opportunities outweigh the cost of the increased fraud potential? I think so, perhaps you think not, neither of us know for sure. What I do know is that I worry more about the entire economy being destroyed by the current powers that be through both fraud and simple incompetence than I worry about losing money to fraudsters preying on unaccredited investors like myself, and I very much look forward to having the opportunity to do so. No way! It's a fantastic thing! There is no one best way to teach any subject, and even if there were, who is to say that Coursera is well-positioned to decide what that best way is? Diversity in courses covering the same material in conjunction with good tools to aid in the decision-making process for the student will lead to the best outcomes. It's same reason we have so many different universities - it isn't just because of meatspace scaling limitations. I've been finding all of these programs incredibly refreshing and easy to read. Each instruction does exactly one strictly-defined thing before moving to the next instruction - so simple! It will be interesting to see if my level of refreshment remains intact as the level of complexity inevitably explodes. Even this pacman game, which is the most complex I've seen yet, is much simpler than whatever space ship or armada management programs people will eventually start writing. Oh come now, you would say that you know C (even if you're unwilling to say you "know" it for the purposes of debate). You don't have to have a language memorized to "know" it, and you don't "know" it if all you can do is write Hello World. The answer is somewhere in between. My personal metric is: do you have a reasonably accurate estimation of what you don't know. The better you know a language, the better you know what you don't know. I wonder how the experiment would change if you change it to "let A = 1, let B = 2, let C = 3, let A = B", or "make", or some other verb that seems more like assignment. > Of course that is a non-sensical assumption Maybe it is, maybe it isn't, but there is no "of course" about it! While I think the moral indignation about profiling is justified, the real fear is that a system that relies heavily on profiling is very weak to attack by learning the profile and planning accordingly. What a different and more wonderful world this would be if President Bush's speech-writers had put together a more pithy variant of your attitude for his speech after 9/11! But I think a policy of courage would have been wildly less popular than that of fear proved to be. After "Seinfeld" ended: He famously threw away all his stand-up material after doing the very successful special "I'm Telling You For the Last Time", He was featured in a documentary called "Comedian" following his slow grind building up all new material, has continued touring with that new material, He immediately began touring with that new material (I saw a show and thought it was really good), He made "Bee Movie", He made "The Marriage Ref". And other things too. Some of the stuff in that list was nearly as good as "Seinfeld", and some of it was terrible, but he's been around. I had the same thought as you about his books, if this is the methodology. But I also find it very inspiring, and am extremely envious. Every time I think, "Maybe I should write a book about this", I immediately project myself onto a prospective consumer of my unwritten book and think, "I wouldn't read a book written by me on this subject, because I am not enough of an expert, so why should I expect anyone else to feel differently?", so I don't write the book. This guy thinks the first thought and just goes for it. The word is overused, but: awesome! Political popularity is hard to quantify. But for whatever they are worth, I have three points in support of my claim that President Bush's policy was (and is) "popular", one factual, one which I believe to be true but have no data for, and one anecdotal: 1) President Bush won reelection quite easily, 2) The "War on Terror" had and continues to have bipartisan support, while many other policies introduced since it began (such as the actual wars) have been wildly polarizing, and 3) In my personal discussions, I have found it very difficult to persuade most people that our response to 9/11 was anything but correct and justified. I'm at this point right now - what are the best static languages with type inference for the dynamic language crowd? Haskell? Scala? Go? Rust? Something I haven't heard of? All of the above? There is no silver bullet. I see a sort of taxonomy of techniques, the relative quality of which is very dependent on the person interviewing. An assumption: it is bad for the prospective employer to see no code at all. I see two basic options: 1) see code written before the interview, and 2) see code written during the interview. Option (1) has a few sub-options: a) look at open source work, b) ask for private personal work to be made available, and c) ask for custom work of your choosing. All of these share the weakness of requiring work outside work hours. There are many qualified candidates who don't have work of the (a) and (b) sort available, and while many see option (c) as a welcome intellectual challenge, many others see it as a tedious (or even offensive) waste of their time. Option (2) also has a few sub-options: a) provide a computer and a project or set of coding questions to be solved in your absence, b) same as (a) but with pen and paper, c) ask a question and watch on a projector or over the shoulder as it is solved on a computer, d) same as (c) but with pen and paper, and e) same as (d) but on a whiteboard. Option (a) is basically the same as (1c) above, but attempts to mitigate the waste-of-time factor by using already-committed interview time to do it, and option (b) is just a much worse variant of the same. The weakness of these options is that it is impossible to get an idea of a candidate's thought process while solving the problem. Option (c) is really good for interviewers but very high-pressure, which selects against many qualified candidates. Option (d) and (e) are identical, but some people hate pen and paper, others hate whiteboards, and most hate both! It is imperative when not using a computer to avoid requiring or judging by the use of things that computers help support, like specific languages, specific APIs, or syntactic accuracy. Or is this all wrong - have you found the general solution? I really like the theory of this, but in practice I have a hell of a hard time figuring out "real problems" for which the explanation and solution would occupy less than an afternoon. Looks great! Do you generate all the versions of your resume from the same data, but with different presentation layers? Or do you keep each of them up to date manually? Though you seem completely uninterested in anything but repeating your toxic, dogmatic, and insular refrain, I may as well add my voice to the chorus of those who see a different community than the one you do. But I also want to respond to the somewhat more interesting portions of your argument - is ruby "technically interesting", "notable", "novel", and/or lacking in "solid applied computer science", and to what extent do those things matter? I think it is technically interesting because you can do much with little, notable because it combines the elegant OO of Smalltalk and the weak functional programming of Lisp with an intuitive syntax reminiscent of though dissimilar to Python, not at all novel because it prefers to embrace good ideas from its predecessors, and quite thankfully lacking in leakage of hard computer science into mundane programs. It is wrong for many jobs, but right for many others, and for that it is interesting. It is one of a multitude of languages for which the same can be said. No he means specifically with respect to Lispiness, what does Ruby have that Smalltalk doesn't. I thought of a few different answers, and then I found them all in Smalltalk, so I think GP is right, on both the OO and FP front, Ruby is pretty much just Smalltalk. I agree with all of that, and that each of those matter, but those things don't make it Lispier than Smalltalk is... Your group (3) is just his group (1) stated differently. Do people actually use FizzBuzz itself ? I always thought it was just one example illustrative of the type of simple and quick-to-answer question that makes a good initial negative filter. The second variant seems much better to me - in the first variant the size of the DELETE query itself is proportional to the number of published posts, so for very large numbers of published posts you'll end up sending a lot of data over the network, and may even hit your max_allowed_packet size (though it defaults to 1GB, which would be a lot of published posts!). You're looking at those inefficiencies wrong - they aren't frustrations, they are job security. YES. Getting a sense of core thought process and problem solving skills in an interview is the hard part. Isolating variables is important. Yes. And what's wrong with any of those things? It's a give and take - the interviewer will say "Ok, let's stipulate it is full length and you can't tamp them" and "Oh, that's interesting, assuming some sort of variance in size, estimate a range instead of a number", etc. That's one of the reasons made-up questions are better than "real" questions, the imaginative tit-for-tat is a good thing, and is harder with "real" questions. Saying "shyness is ultimately a symptom of you being uncomfortable with who you are" in the first sentence of the article does not sound like "it's OK; no one wants you to change :)" to me. That is the problem with the article, it presumes that there is something wrong with shy people. It could instead presume that there is something wrong with outgoing people, or that they are simply two equally reasonable ways of being, but it doesn't. It's too bad that it bugs you - your way of being makes sense to me, you open up with those who have put in the time to deserve your openness and don't with those who haven't. Contrary to popular American male belief, pretty much everything in life is more important than being able to go to a bar and talk to a woman you don't know. Interesting, how would that affect the answer? No, it is a real bus, like the ones they use for humans in public transport. Interesting, if you're curious because aliens might be a different size, no, it is a bus for human-sized things. No. Nope. No, they are normal golf balls. Maybe, after we estimate the number, perhaps we can estimate the time-to-fill based on various rates of child-miscreant golf-ball theft. etc. That is true, but talking with a strange (presumably attractive) woman at a (presumably crowded and loud) bar is at the most uncomfortable extreme of the average shy man's social comfort scale. Friendships and relationships are important, but there are plenty of ways to pursue them that are at the other end of that scale. You are very wrong about this - people who know how to "search for code samples" know what programming looks like, but they are far from the majority. I, for one, wish more people understood what programming "looks like", so that I could actually talk to people about what I do without them being completely confused. People can visualize what nearly every other profession does day-to-day, but what programmers do is a complete mystery to most people. I tell people that I'm a writer for a language with a very structured grammar, but that's only part of the story. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? If you're really trying to show your outside-the-box thinking skills, you're gonna get as good as you give and it could be fun. If you're just being a jerk and trying to frustrate me then yeah, you should just politely stop the interview and go home. I don't buy it. An architect designs structures - most people don't know what the actual work of designing a structure looks like, but they know what a design of a structure looks like. An engineer figures out how to make a structure stand - most people don't know what the process of making a structure stand is, but they know what a standing structure looks like. A banker moves money around, people don't know how that is accomplished, but they know what a loan looks like. Most people I've met don't have any idea what a computer program looks like, not even that it involves text. I didn't say anything about the differences between languages, and I think you misunderstood my comment about "structured grammar". I didn't mean it as a specific feature of what I do, but as a generic feature of what a computer program is. I only meant that the closest analogy I've found to programming that most people can relate to is writing. "I keep computers working" and "I write computer programs" are on opposite sides of a conceptual understanding chasm - most people have tried keeping computers working, even if they hated it and failed miserably, but most people haven't tried programming, and don't really know what the concept means. Good post, but I'll say this: You are very employable and your concern about lacking a Stanford or MIT degree is laughably misplaced. Don't fall into the trap of thinking that silicon valley start-ups are the entirety of the programming employment world, it is far from the truth. That part made me grin. Most non-technical people I've talked to have expressed surprise that Google is the company furthest along with this technology. They see the problem as one of vehicular design rather than large-scale data analysis. Automakers are pretty good at the former, but nobody has proved themselves to be better at the latter than Google. Could you elaborate? Go feels nothing like Java to me. What is a good non-rules-based approach to teaching why a negative times a negative is a positive? I've seen a proof-through-absurdity showing that if -1 * -1 = -1, then you can make 0 = 2, and a proof using all three negativity permutations, and setting two different distributions equal, showing that ab = (-a)(-b), but the math for both of those approaches seems to be more advanced than the rule. I think that GitHub merely shifts the "dark matter" problem. I think your assertion about "rockstars" applies to GitHub just as well - for every person with an impressive GitHub account, there are tens of people who are better, toiling in obscurity. The point is that you can't just look for people who are famous or prolific on blogs or twitter or GitHub or whatever else. I question your assumptions. It is every individual person's prerogative to decide whether they wish to publish, and we should avoid setting up systems that exclude those who decide not to. Though I'm not familiar with the Lenovo trackpads in particular beyond playing with them on display models, the trackpad on MacBooks is a huge differentiator over any of the ones I've had on PC laptops. It works so well you forget how well it's working until you start using a different computer with a trackpad that now feels completely broken. Sorry to take this further off-topic, but was your choice of 25 years arbitrary or do you actually have someone in mind who Wallace picked up the torch from around that time? A problem with entirely made-up domain-less questions like this is that any additional constraints are equally as arbitrary as the question itself, and thus difficult to probe for in the same way that someone would probe a customer for constraints to real problems. It seems like you're very interested in people asking questions like "how big might the array be" or "what order of time can you afford to wait for the answer to this", to which you might answer "a billion" or, "as little as possible", but those questions are very different and less meaningful than questions like "how many users will this system have", and "how much time can users of this system afford to wait for a response", even though the answers may be the same. You are being overly pedantic here. One of the great things about two people from any reasonably mature field communicating with each other is that they can take advantage of widely-agreed-upon shorthand. Nearly everyone coming in for a programming interview in 2012 will understand that the '#' character is often used for non-executable program meta-data, that functions are often named with tokens such as 'add1', that 'param:' typically means a function parameter with a description of its value following the colon, what an 'array' is, how subscripts work with them, and what is meant by the terms left-to-right, forward, right-to-left, and backward (regardless of endian-ness, the inclusion of which is sort of humorous since our hypothetical interviewee has, up to this point, been assumed to be completely ignorant of programming-related terms). You go on to suggest defining the problem in terms of short-hand from a more mature, but less specifically relevant field, which I would argue would actually be well understood by fewer potential interviewees. I do agree with you that it should probably be pointed out that the number of occurrences should be stated as the absolute value of 'n', rather than just 'n', but this would become obvious very quickly when the candidate starts asking clarification questions. > As a programmer you should always know what kind of cost you are incurring, both asymptotically and down to cycles. No, as a programmer, you should be able to determine what kind of cost you are incurring when it matters , and much more importantly, you should be able to determine when it matters and when it doesn't. The point is that knowing that Zurich is in Switzerland is more similar to knowing that Denver is in Colorado than it is to knowing that Denver is in the United States. Presumably the size of the city is interesting because the implicit assumption is that knowing where Zurich is important because Zurich is a big city. ...Which is why it's so similar to how a typical American probably knows where some large cities in Europe are without having the slightest clue about which country many of them reside in. I think we're both wrong to a certain extent - you're de-emphasizing the differences between states in America too much, and I'm overemphasizing them. You believe that countries are different enough culturally that not knowing which culture a city is part of is ridiculous, I believe that states are different enough geographically that not knowing which geographic area a city is equivalently ridiculous. It's a pretty dumb argument.