Is the only innovation in how customizable the UI is? I guess it's way too hard to write a new rendering engine. With the existing ecosystem of chrome / Firefox / safari extensions it will be difficult to gain traction. 7% assumed return is the most ridiculous part of it all. I remember when NYC tried to reduce their assumed rate from 8.5 to 7.5 and people threw a fit ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-08-20/new-york-m... ) Everyone has their head in the sand Some people quit their jobs and throw everything into a new, risky venture. This is pretty dangerous, especially for those without wealth. More realistic people work 40-50 hours a week at work and another 40 on their own passions. The smartest find a do-nothing job where they could cash a check for showing up at the office and surfing the net all day (IT, help desk at large organizations) and devote their work time to their own passions. That is the point - the term 'Real Programmer' is meaningless and is merely used to disparage languages / tools / platforms and boost egos. You can look at Mel, a 'Real Programmer', and realize that you can't make value judgements of what true programming is. Programming is using logic to solve problems, regardless of the tools and language. On the contrary, I'm considered a 'good' developer by the normal standards (education / company / title / projects / etc.) and I would consider moonlighting. I usually work another 40-50 hours a week outside of professional employment on my own projects, so doing an app or website for some extra cash once and a while isn't a stretch. I applied. This is perfect, thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the time to write this out. Do you have any recommendations on books to learn about finding exploits in general? My specific skills are in deep and nuanced areas of the Android kernel, and I have some good ideas on potential areas to investigate, but a thorough understanding of the subject would be helpful. It seems like a very lucrative hobby or full time endeavor. I will make a slight derail into H1B's. Anytime that you allow a company to have significant control over an employee's life, such as putting a significant risk of deportation on the employee, you are putting the employee at severe personal risk. This is the central problem with guest worker programs, as you incentivize the company to threaten employees in order to keep them working for you and their costs down. I had an intense argument with someone about whether H1B's were good or bad for the economy. The key point he was arguing was that H1B employees do not have significantly less salary, and they are fully capable of switching companies. In my experience, the primary reason that a company would go through the hassle of hiring an H1B is for cost reasons, because there are enough competent workers locally there to fulfill open positions (at a price), and the quality of H1B workers is generally less than local hires. On rare occasions a foreign worker has extremely unique skills, but this is certainly the exception. Secondly, it is very difficult for an H1B to switch companies, as it's difficult to convince a company to go through the hassle of paperwork / lawyers / cost, so an H1B employee has little recourse for being treated poorly and paid less. Therefore, I'm against H1B's. If we had a more reasonable immigration policy, where people could more easily come to America as normalized citizens, I would be for it. But the H1B and similar programs give far too much power to the companies, which is ripe for exploitation. The problem is that "market price" is extremely malleable, and it's easy enough to tweak the job title slightly in order to change what the person is being paid. As I said, there are exceptions, but in general H1B is a mechanism for importing cheap labor. I've been reading various comments about this around the internet and many people are saying they will stop ordering from Amazon because of it. These white collar workers are highly paid, and not forced to be there. Most of them could easily find another job someplace else (and it sounds like many do). I just can't feel bad for them. If you don't want to work throughout your vacation, go find another job that won't make you work through your vacation. This isn't North Korea, Bezos isn't going to throw you in a reeducation camp. I will keep ordering from Amazon because they provide the best service. Simple as that. That is the same situation at any company with H1B's, and I didn't see anything in the article that mentioned abuse of those workers specifically. This isn't a man who is beating his wife. The employee doesn't have the social pressure to stay with someone they married rather than face the shame of divorce. The employee doesn't have a part of them that is literally in love with the abuser (a company). It's a stretch to use the 'abused spouse' argument with highly educated knowledge workers making 6 figure salaries. Find a new job. What an unexpectedly interesting post. I read a bunch of other posts he made and they are all very well thought out, with little fluff. He sounds like a really great and brilliant guy. I disagree that advertising itself is a broken model, but I like imagining that someone ruthlessly updates their excel spreadsheet of blacklisted companies every time they hear or see an advertisement for any company. You must only shop at flea markets! Jeb Bush doesn't know anything about computers or software, and neither does any major politician. I guarantee you JB's 'Technology Advisor' advised him on this policy position and a few talking points, and now he's saying them. FYI - the link has some sort of javascript problem, made my Chrome / Mac (Yosemite) max out a core and hog ram. It's amazing that Amazon thinks a useful feature is "ability to purchase stuff from Amazon faster". I don't make my decisions about products based on 1 touch ordering of supplies. If it solves a problem I have, great, but I certainly don't have an "Amazon ordering problem". I truly believe that general purpose self driving cars are much farther away than the latest press releases would suggest. Apparently they don't work well at night, in the rain, when the road lines aren't perfect, etc[1]. They basically only work in the perfect weather and roads of Mountain View during the day. In Boston, the roads are shit, the drivers are crazy (including me), and everything is permanently under construction. Once people learn how to spot these cars, very quickly the tricks to passing them are going to be learned. Not to mention the jokers using laser pointers and whatnot to mess with them. If you think this won't happen, you are sorely naive. I think self driving cars will work for specialized cases, like long haul trucking on highways, but for the commuter, it's going to be a long ways off. [1] http://gizmodo.com/6-simple-things-googles-self-driving-car-... It's harder to be aggressive when dealing with human-driven cars because people can react. The commuter dozing in his self-driving car is not aggressively driving, and with his car legally mandated to be in super-safe mode, it's going to take twice as long for it to make it through rush hour traffic. Wow what a ridiculous article. For starters, only an extremely small slice of fresh-out-of-college developers would get a 120k salary and 300k in bonus and options. This is still absurdly high, if it's even true (and not exaggerated for the purpose of getting an article into the WSJ). I've noticed a sharp uptick in CS grads, and it seems starting salaries are actually nosing downwards. Or at least that's the case here in Boston. This article is nonsense, and whoever the author is, I guarantee you he has no idea what he's doing. I'm a big self-driving cars skeptic. Expecting humans to "drive less idiotic" is basically saying that google's cars won't work until human drivers are banned. Driving is something of an art, and it's full of edge cases. So many edge cases. I'll just keep reading articles that say they are 5 years away, just as I did 5 years ago, and the armchair futurists will keep dreaming... Anxiety and depression very nearly derailed my career (and my life itself) right at the end of college. I was working 35 hours a week at a startup and studying two difficult subjects at my university (computer science and Latin) while maintaining an active social life. I kept pushing myself harder and harder, and essentially collapsed. Somehow I managed to stay at my job while I entered the mental health system and started taking care of my mind. I had an extremely bad reaction to Prozac and then tried to manage my issues with diet, exercise, and meditation. For 2 years I was surviving but I certainly wasn't better. Then I decided to try medication again, and started lexapro. Within 2 weeks my mental state had drastically improved, and I was actually feeling joy and excitement again. The panic attacks disappeared, while the general anxiety is much reduced. It's been several years since then, and I'm still on a low dose of lexapro while eating healthy, exercising, and meditating. I'm much more aware of my mental health and don't push myself past the breaking point. Yet my output, productivity, and drive is higher than ever, much better than it was before entering treatment. If you are suffering from similar issues, I highly suggest entering the mental health system and doing everything in your power to try and get better. Stay positive and don't give up. Multiple panic attacks a day, irrational and excessive worrying, insomnia, depression, feelings of impending doom, loneliness, lack of interest in subjects and activities previously enjoyed, lack of confidence and self worth. The usual stuff I suppose. After dealing with these on a daily basis for a year, I added suicidal ideation to the list. Death no longer seemed scary, but a way to escape the nonstop overwhelming pain of continued existence. On the plus side, after entering treatment, and then understanding and overcoming my mental illness, I am without question far, far stronger than I was before. I live every day to the fullest and have no regrets. My life is full of what's important to me- satisfying work, nonstop learning, appreciating art in various forms, and socializing with friends and family. This is what gives me pleasure and defines my life. I also have enormous appreciation for being healthy in a way that my peers seem to lack. Every day is a gift and it shouldn't be squandered. > These are odd facts, very suitable for puzzle columns and likely to amuse amateurs, but there is nothing in them which appeals to the mathematician. I very much disagree with any statement which says a mathematical fact is unimportant. It is impossible to know which facts and theories will be useful in the future. People thought number theory and prime numbers was intellectual masturbation until cryptography and computers came about. Any fact about numbers that someone can figure out is worth publishing, no matter how "useless" it seems. You mean writing a series of logical instructions in order to solve problems is tedious? I wonder what future platform will be created that doesn't require an ordered series of logical steps to solve problems... That sounds like an interesting subject. Could you please link me to your research or other relevant information? If 1 million people live in a city, and you add 10 million more apartments, would that lower the price of each apartment? Of course, because you increased the supply. Adding housing absolutely decreases the average price of housing. This is supply and demand. Now, does adding a small amount of housing have any appreciable effect on average price? No. Therefore, the solution is massive construction of new housing. Reddit would be a better place for comments like this. HN is for reasonable discussion The comment you responded to was about the utility of quickly filing missing persons reports. Your response said that people with dementia filed as missing would be lucky to survive an encounter with a police officer. It seems like you have an axe to grind that is completely irrelevant to the topic of discussion. I don't know your political inclinations but your arguments are illogical and confusing. I said it would be better for reddit, because comments like yours are common there, while fairly uncommon on HN Decorators are very easy to understand. They take the arguments going into the decorated function, do work, then call the decorated function, receive the return values, and then take the returned values and do more work. This could mean validating function inputs, changing inputs, raising exceptions, doing cleanup, etc. I use them liberally for web service endpoints to validate security, data integrity, etc. It's cool that you like Texas and all but the stats speak for themselves. It's SV way ahead of Boston which is a little ahead of NYC. And Boston has tons of enterprise VC which is unique. I have no problem hiring talent in Boston, and the numbers I snag engineers for are high, but nothing like the "500k salary and 2 million in stock" articles I hear about happening in SV. Also, the whole argument that it's harder to raise money if you are in [insert any place except Silicon Valley] is suspect. My company raised money from investors in Boston, SV, and overseas, as investors were most concerned with our business, not where we were located. As long as you can hire good talent and have a solid business, you won't have trouble raising money as long as you can jump on a plane. The issue is when you are chasing dollars for a failing business, or have no revenue. I just think it's the wrong way to look at things. It's better to cut 30,000 to save the company, than to keep everyone hired and wait for every employee to be out of work. I find it very odd also. As a highly technical person who has drank the apple kool aid, use mostly apple products, pay for iCloud subscription, etc. it strikes me as a desperate move to attack your competitor on its home turf. Especially when you are literally the most valuable company on the planet. I'm a millennial and I go to parties all the time. I chose my apartment partly on party-throwing amenities. And my social network has parties too. Maybe it's just the city (Boston)? House parties have always been a big thing for me throughout college and after. Does anyone honestly believe that the government doesn't collect every single email, phone call, message, credit card transaction, etc. or have the capability to query a database to get it if needed? You need to accept that the war is already lost. When you are doing something that needs to be protected, use end to end crypto. And buy things in cash > We solve problems in cancer genomics that make trains run faster. Uh... sure... Despite what I would like to be true, I know from experience that alcohol cannot possibly be healthy for me. Even with only 3 drinks, I feel slightly off the next day, and if I binge and drink 6 to 10, I feel awful. Plus, my memory feels a little fuzzier for a bit too. I love alcohol and I don't plan on abstaining. But I don't fool myself that it might be healthy for me. Drinking is a calculated decision, that I enjoy it more than the risks to my health. My company, like most companies, relies on an enormous amount of open source code in order to construct a closed source product. We have also contributed to open source, and have plans to contribute more. There are certain things that help everyone without jeopardizing our business, and other things that are too valuable to share. We cannot force a company to open source code without an extraordinarily good reason. I believe in open source and support it, but at the application level it is a trickier issue. He said it himself - it took years of prep work to get that job offer. Why did it take so long? Because there is a strong desire to get into the industry, lots of potential candidates, and he didn't seem to have any connections that would get him an easy foot in the door. Plus zero experience in that role other than internships. In his situation, I would have just taken the offer and cranked for a year, then demanded more money. And if they refused, it should be far easier to find a new job with actual experience. A year of being frugal isn't that bad for entry into your dream career. Having a college degree sends a signal that you can dedicate yourself to education and follow through. I find employees with college degrees are better than those without, regardless of degree. I suggest getting a degree and putting in some hustle to get out with zero or little debt. Scholarship, side jobs, whatever it takes. In America, higher education is not free, unlike high school. Our society will always make you pay, that is reality. The way to get around this is to get scholarships, which are not that hard to get provided you work hard and dedicate yourself in high school. I think in the USA college is too expensive, but I'm not convinced it should be free. I like the idea of students actually having some skin in the game. Also I don't want tax dollars to pay for someone to study poetry for 4 years for free. You'll get into a situation like Norway, where it takes a master's to get a foot in the door, and no one gets a job until they are 30. Mobile Device Management (MDM). Blackberry got the ball rolling in the early 2000's, but it was the release of iPhone and Android that got vendors rich. Apple and Google created API's and enrollment processes to manage devices (device lock, wipe, etc.). Companies created software to consume those API's, the biggest being AirWatch, Mobile Iron, and MaaS360. AirWatch was acquired by VMware for $1.5billion in 2014 and Mobile Iron went public, rising 22% in the first day of trading. MaaS360 was acquired by IBM for several hundred million. At first, license fees were high, competition wasn't too fierce, and the market was booming. Then many more low-cost players moved in. Open source MDM software appeared. One company (Miradore) gives MDM away for free to hook customers on IT management fees and various other upsells. Mobile Iron stock is down 70% for the year. I was listening to an NPR podcast this morning and heard an advertisement for a product named Bushel doing Apple MDM. I think the definition of commoditized tech is when you hear companies advertising on NPR. My take on the situation is that it's risky to build a core business merely consuming other company's API's. Doing analysis and more advanced things, sure. But simply executing an API command is not special. The MDM list of features is completely controlled by Apple and Android manufacturers, and anytime they release a new feature, every MDM player instantly gets access to it. The only differentiation between products becomes how effectively they use the pre-existing API's (scaling, integration with other enterprise products, etc.) and pricing. This obviously becomes a race-to-the-bottom on pricing, destroying margins. The reason I know so much about this is that I work at a company called Apperian, focusing on Mobile Application Management (MAM). We use to compete with the MDM guys, but it's a completely different game now. All of our core technology is unique, most of it is patented / patent pending, and we solve problems that the MDM API's cannot. We dominate the MAM industry, although niche and much smaller than the MDM sector, is growing very quickly. It would be extremely difficult and costly for a company to implement what we do, in contrast to the MDM guys. It's been very interesting to watch the rise and fall of big players, as our sales keep booming. I will keep watching the drama unfold. MDM uses operating system level API's provided by the vendors (Apple, Google). These require the device to be enrolled with management software (Airwatch, Mobile Iron, etc.). MAM vendors like Apperian use various other techniques to manage the applications and their data only. The device is completely irrelevant, because we only care about the app. We do this through clever use of API's and a technology called 'App Wrapping'. This takes the mobile app, decompiles it into machine code, and very carefully injects new security features directly into the decompiled app. This allows adding security features like data at rest, analytics, etc. without needing any OS level API's. https://www.apperian.com/mam-blog/app-wrapping-lets-get-tech... Are you looking for a job? We are hiring now for solid engineers. seibeljames@gmail.com or jseibel@apperian.com. We are doing some very interesting tech for governments / corporations with high-security clearance needs. I can explain much more in depth if this interests you I simply can't trust or rely upon a country where laws don't matter. Sure, in the United States, money buys you better representation, as it does everywhere. But in China, Russia, etc. being disliked by the government can be a death sentence. Start your company in China, fine. You'll move to a western country eventually, if you get big enough, and China doesn't reform. You simply can't trust a society where the laws don't apply equally. There isn't an Apple, Google, or Microsoft coming out of China. Instead, you get Ali Baba and Weibo that clone American startups. I won't consider China a threat to American innovation until they get a true rule of law, democracy, and intellectual property rights. This is a tall order that won't be fulfilled anytime soon. IP rights are the least important. I strongly believe that a protocol needs to exist to expel the top government leader(s) using non-violence to prevent corruption. Any system that exists without transparency and checks & balances ultimately results in corruption. FIFA is a perfect recent example. Irrelevant to the topic of innovation. I strongly dislike how gun rights, black lives matter, anti-police, etc. people have tried to warp many conversations on HN to this topic. I get it, USA has issues, stop trying to force the discussion everywhere. USA does not put citizens in reeducation camps for tweeting about their dislike for their leader. China will have you murdered if you agitate enough. The discrepancies in the two countries in how they handle dissent could not be farther apart. I wish USA's police did not kill so many people. But Obama does not have dissidents executed for their thought crimes. You should be happy you can post open dissent about the USA on a public internet forum. In many countries, such as China, this is a dangerous move. This is good advice! First came my love for sushi, then the condo, then the BMW, and now I can't live poor anymore. I found serial interesting for a few episodes, then she started spending hours analyzing the memories and text messages of high school students and it quickly became exhausting to listen to. I hope the guy gets a fair trial but it was simply a slog to listen to. Sometimes I use pinterest when I'm looking for cooking inspiration. It is absolutely nothing like 4chan, I have no idea what you are talking about. I love my iPad. When I'm in bed or relaxing on the couch, it's the perfect form factor for screwing around on the internet. RoboVM has been free for libgdx users. Xanarin is disliked by independent developers for its pricing structure. Will RoboVM remain free to use? I hope so Thanks badlogic. Can you provide any details about why libGDX gets special treatment? I'm curious badlogic, I can't reply to a comment thread going as deep as your last comment. Did Xamarin specifically put in the acquisition that it will remain free for libGDX developers? Because my faith in Xamarin is not high that they won't remove free integration with RoboVM, as Xamarin loves charging developers high prices, and thus me developing games using libGDX and RoboVM becomes a risky decision. What kind of job would you get with a PhD in "Future Studies"? My gut tells me that this is bad. However, intellectually I know that our court system is heavily skewed towards people and organizations with lots of money. So if this is a tool to help level the playing field, I'm all for it. If this swamps the courts, all the better, because that will force legislators to act, which will then cause a debate, which will be useful to society. Anything any rich person wants to do to improve education, I'm for it. The system is so broken for so many people that I welcome any attempt at reform. And the rich have the best chance of fighting the entrenched interests that prohibit improvements to education. If a college has a huge communications program and a smaller engineering program, it would be ranked less because of pay disparities. This methodology is simply inaccurate Boston born, raised, now professional. Best city I've seen, although Amsterdam is a close second. If you like software and despise San Francisco (as I do), Boston has the 2nd most VC investment in the world, and is #2 globally for software development. And Boston focuses traditionally on B2B rather than vague B2C stuff which is rife in SF. Go Boston! apperian.com | Boston, MA, USA | Full Stack Web Developer | ONSITE | Full Time Apperian is the industry leader in Mobile Application Management. We help companies distribute and secure mobile apps to their employees without using public app stores. Key to our security model is "App Wrapping", a technology that takes a mobile app, disassembles it into machine code, and runs algorithms on it to automatically modify the code to add new features. This allows customers to easily add features to all of their apps with a few clicks. We are looking for a full stack developer to join the team working on the administrator portal. The stack is JavaScript (Backbone / Handlebars), Python, PHP, and a little bit of nodejs. We have lots of interesting problems to work on. We are at the cutting edge of enterprise mobility and are growing rapidly. Email me at jseibel@apperian.com with a brief cover letter and resume. I originally thought this was a bad idea, then changed my mind. I was going to contribute to the fork but decided not to. What sealed it was several competitors to RoboVM emailed me directly after seeing my posts in the RoboVM fork message boards begging me to help them. No one wants to pay for anything anymore. RoboVM made the right decision. What a pompous, ridiculous article. I feel like the author was smelling his or her own farts the entire time they were writing this I prefer to refer to myself as a software engineer rather than a developer, although I do use the terms interchangeably. I like to distinguish between my vision of engineers, who have CS degrees and understand software at a very deep level, and programmers, who use the tools that are provided to them. Of course, this is just semantics, and at the end of the day, it's all intellectual masturbation. Puff piece by a guy trying to get people to use his startup. I think it's actually way worse to use his technology to automatically move money around your accounts. I like to be on top of where my money is. And "emergencies" happen several times a year. In a few month span I had to replace a water heater, then a dishwasher, then tires on my car. Several thousand bucks of expenses in a couple months. Having to withdraw from a 401k for life's unexpected issues is insanity. I wrote a long argument but deleted it all in favor of this. Everyone needs to toughen the fuck up and stop being offended so easily. Someone insults you for being different? Welcome to real life, get some thicker skin. This company has 121 MILLION in funding [1]. Can this possibly be true? Why would I need my refrigerator to mine bitcoin? [1] https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/21e6#/entity All the encryption tools needed are public and open source. Putting backdoors into Skype, iOS Messages, etc. isn't going to get terrorists. My experience is that buying likes, views, installs, etc. works for niche products that need to rise in rankings. You rise a few spots, then organic kicks in, and you have just the edge needed to take over the competition. Let's say you find some hyper-specific niche, like calculators for some obscure section of the American tax code. Very, very useful for a small amount of people. So you throw together an app in less than a day and put it on the app store. The market is so small, that there really isn't room for more than 1 app, and it's so specific, people aren't going to really bother searching around. So being the first or second app they see when they search "section XYZ tax calculator" is critical to getting any installs. As the app stores algorithms for thinly installed apps basically come to down to total installs, followed by rating, followed by recent updates, paying $5 on fiver for a hundred installs can really make a difference. Once you rise enough, people start finding you organically, they install, you rise higher, and it becomes a feedback loop. This is a contrived example, but if you can make apps and want to sling ads as a way to earn money on the side, it can really help. Remember HN, this blog post was brought to you by 121 MILLION in VC funding! As someone who has spent years building software on top of compiled android binaries, as in, adding features to apps with nothing more than the APK (no source code), I can say that what they are building is not only difficult but quite fragile. I have the benefit of customers who agree to certain OS versions and specific app versions. MS wants it to work universally with every app. It's possible to get it close enough that getting any single app to work is a few tweaks, but very hard to get it to the last mile, where every app "just works". My current company, Apperian, is the industry leader in a technology called "App Wrapping", for which we have several patents pending (I'm only there for another week, I'm leaving after nearly 6 years for a new adventure). Read more here: https://www.apperian.com/mobile-application-management/mobil... iOS is different, but on Android we run the decompiled binaries through software making heavy use of finite state machines to alter the Dalvik VM code. These alterations allow us to automatically add features like SSO, analytics, security, self-updating apps, etc. to native apps without the customers making any code changes. Because the binaries are provided to us by customers, and distributed 100% outside of the official App Stores, the risk of app-breaking updates is much reduced. Over the years the technology has matured a great amount, and most apps "just work", but we still get apps that have some edge case we didn't think of, that requires manual intervention by engineering to update the wrapping software. Now, the use-case that MS has is different from Apperian's, but similar enough that I can imagine what they are going through, especially trying to re-map the UI elements to native MS widgets. This is a hard problem that is difficult to nail seamlessly, and it is infeasible for them to tweak their code for every app. Even worse, the apps people want most (FB / Messenger, Google Maps, etc.) are the most complex of all, so their tech needs to be super advanced to get value out of it. If you are so weak that words hurt you, that the mere speaking of words makes you damaged, I am afraid that you need psychological help. I feel for men and women who face real dangers. I don't feel for Yale students who must listen to scary ideas. This is anecdotal (is it really that anecdotal?), but I have been called so many names throughout my life, and my response is almost always "go fuck yourself", whether said out loud (in so many words) or internally. I honestly don't care, and the bullies don't stop me. Adults don't need institutions to protect them from name calling and hurtful words. Children do. Should someone be arrested for saying a racist slur? I'm honestly curious about your opinion. An email about costumes and culture vs. hundreds of 4channers threatening physical violence and assault are entirely different things. An idea, which is free speech, and harassment, which is what you are suggesting, are entirely different things. I think it would give me a good perspective on the comment author's mindset, which is why I am curious. But do you, vacri, see a huge gap between completely destroying a professor's life, i.e. forcing them to resign their position, give up their salary, tenure, and reputation (which is what these students were asking), and going to prison? Going to prison implies all of the former, it's just an extra debasement on the other penalties, although an extreme one. The Economist has its quirks, one of which is to never assign attribution. The newspaper itself stands behind everything printed. If you disagree with the article, you disagree with the institution's opinion. Shouting fire in a crowded theater is not covered by free speech. An email explaining an idea about halloween costumes and culture is. Yeah, I mean, sorry they closed down, but an Android only niche product doesn't scream "sustainable business model" to me. In a previous article about crazy rents in SF I argued that increasing supply of housing reduced the price of rent [1], aka, supply and demand. HN commenters went apoplectic. It amazes me how basic economics is so hard for many intelligent people to understand. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=seibelj&next=1018868... If you disagree with the sentiment that having 200k more units in SF would reduce prices, then you fail to understand basic economics. Now, if you are saying that building 200k more units is impractical, I wouldn't disagree. I'm just saying that the solution boils down to 3 options: increasing supply, reducing demand, or both. That's all there is. You can warp natural economics and impose rent control, mandated affordable housing, etc. but nothing but those 3 options will make any real difference. I was a loyal giganews user for 10+ years. Then the content creators started getting content pulled very quickly, sometimes within days of upload, and the whole thing started becoming a huge hassle. By this point I was making enough money that $30 a month split between a few streaming services and a few bucks occasionally for a movie on amazon prime wasn't a big deal. It feels good to pay for quality. But as a young kid, who wanted to experience so many types of media and no means to pay, usenet was the best. Piracy is the perfect thing for kids interested in computers to use. It's complex, you need to figure stuff out, takes a lot of time (which kids have), and the reward for doing so is free content. But once you get old and are time-poor and have the money, it's not really needed anymore. Could this have anything to do with the crackdown on for-profit (and often poor quality) universities that used to vacuum up low income students? Throughout the history of innovation, eliminating jobs did not eliminate work. New jobs sprang up. This has happened over and over. If you think that the deprecation of hundreds of thousands of jobs will mean that hundreds of thousands of people can't work anymore, you are sorely mistaken. This is a fallacy intelligent people have fallen into throughout the centuries. Automation and computers have been doing their jobs for decades now, and America is still at 5% unemployment. I'll keep betting on capitalism while others continue to think, "this time is different". It used to take many people to plow a field. Then the steel plow was invented, and it only took 1 person. The work got done with only 1 person. Now if a robot can do it, that's only 1 additional job eliminated. It is certainly precedented. It used to take a professional to work an elevator. Then it became so easy that we didn't need an elevator man. The work got done without any person. Do users actually hate "app clutter"? I have plenty of apps I only use rarely, but when I need them, I need them. Space isn't a concern unless it's a huge game or downloads tons of media. 100MB or less is nothing. Many companies have built software products on top of this tool. I was heavily involved in enterprise apps for several years. It's a great tool One reason I prefer college graduates to the self-taught / bootcamp types is that the college grads had years to let the concepts simmer in their minds. This is because of time. You can't cram for 8 weeks at a bootcamp and truly understand things, it takes years. But a prisoner, all they have is time. All the time in the world. Someone with a passion and desire to learn to code while locked up, and with access to the correct resources, could really learn this stuff and learn it well. I hope this spreads. AdMob, interstitial (full screen) mobile ads, holy shit. Highest pay rates I have ever seen. The clash of clans style freemium games pay through the roof. Finally! The ban doesn't make any economic sense to me. It's a free market, let them sell it globally. There are plenty of open source projects to help you do that (re: github). Proprietary software's source code is not meant to be read unless the developers specifically want it to be. The web allowing it for JavaScript was a happy accident, that is basically gone now with the uglifiers. ... or at night, in the rain, really anyplace except the perfect sunny days of mountain view and Austin ... And now we must rely on each OS to implement their own version of a virtual firmware, and do comparisons between different implementations, etc. etc. etc. The whole thing sounds so pendantic, like "See? We are TECHNICALLY CORRECT!" Compared to the other theranos article on top of HN right now, this one is far more damning. The whistle blower is claiming that even the herpes test, the only test the FDA has approved, had its results altered in some way to pass the FDA's requirements. If this is true, what does theranos even have left? I went to Boston University for my undergrad degree, one of the most expensive schools in the USA. Current tuition / room / board is $63k, and another $3k is estimated for expenses [1]. If you could lock in these rates, a 4-year degree would be $264k. But that is assuming a lock-in. Costs increased 3.7% this year [2]. If there was a 3.7% increase every year during your 4 years, you would pay $279k for a 4 year degree. This is a $15k increase over 4 years. What's even worse, because of the magic of compound interest, only 9 years after you graduate, yearly costs would be $102k per year. I personally see this as insanity. It will have to self correct itself, because no one can afford those fees. So how does BU get away with it now? Primarily through allowing any foreigner with the ability to pay in, regardless of their educational merits. BU has a massive amount of Asian, Indian, Eastern European, and Middle Eastern students who pay the full costs. Anecdotally, a man in my freshman dorm was the young scion of a wealthy family from Dubai, worth over $100 million. US students rarely pay the full tuition, which is why the outrage isn't so large. [1] http://www.bu.edu/admissions/admitted/tuition-and-fees/ [2] http://www.bu.edu/today/2015/bu-tuition-and-fees-to-increase... McDonald's: "With all of the antibiotics in our livestock, you can be sure we killed the E-Coli" A puff piece about a struggling online retailer. Seems like a typical submarine article to me [0] [0] http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html Perhaps the issue isn't that a STEM career is a vow of poverty. I have met many people who are quite wealthy in STEM. I have personally done very well. In America we have become good at identifying talent, and promoting it. And we reward people higher up much more than people lower down the ladder. I'm not going to say whether I think it's good or bad, but it's quite clear the the rich are getting richer, while the rest stay the same. It just amazes me that you could spend your whole life working as a tax panner in a family office, when you aren't even related to that family. An entire career devoted to helping a single super rich family avoid taxes. What a life! $30m in funding and all that's left is an SDK that could be done in a month in a lean startup, implemented by contractors. That CEO's career is in tatters What was up with all the racist stuff? Totally bizarre Source for that slogan? Can't find it anywhere Absolutely delivered, one of the reasons Boston is such an amazing city. If you like European style cities, Boston is the only one USA has and it's awesome. Boston is filled with college students and skilled professionals. The skilled professionals work in tech, biotech, finance, and healthcare primarily. Boston is an amazing city that any one who is tiring of the SF/SV scene should seriously consider. Even if that's true, so you really want to move (potentially) every month? And actually live in a hostel for an entire year? There's more to life than money For all of you dreamers with side projects (like me): red hat open shift has a free tier with free ssl I strongly dislike cities that are primarily sprawl that are common throughout the USA. For example, Oklahoma City is essentially a giant strip mall with few buildings above 2 stories. It depressed the shit out of me. I very much like dense dense cities with good public transportation. Removing the disgusting sprawl is the only way I would move to Atlanta, Houston, DC, etc. I can imagine the photographer saying, "We need a hacker shot, look like you stay up all night coding alone in your dark apartment. Excellent" how would your website ever make money? Why would someone post a sweepstakes? As much as NYC people want it to happen, they don't have the universities or the concentration of talent that Boston does. The numbers prove reality http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/228709 > This is not bragging. The most absurd statement ever written by tucker max Thank you for this very detailed and interesting write up. Tried the boot camp route, went to demo day and chose our 6 favorite, out of those 6 interviews we hired 3, one turned out to be pretty good but honestly needed so much hand holding it wasn't worth it in the long run. Plus all of the boot camps have been putting 6 figure dreams in their head which is truly unjustifiable for their experience. If I want entry level, I'll go with college grads, just way less headache. No, the number 5 is prime, yet in binary it is 101. The new prime number could have many zeroes interspersed with ones, so you don't know how many 1 digits it has. EDIT: I have realized my mistake in the representation of 2's complement. However, I will leave this here for posterity. Interesting article, but my opinion after seeing the documentary is that there is enough reasonable doubt to declare Avery not guilty. Maybe he did do it, but with all of the bullshit that happened during the investigation (the car key in plain sight, the cop calling in the license plate days before the car was officially found, the evidence tape cut on the blood vial, absence of blood in the bedroom despite the bloody and vicious confession from the nephew) the whole thing is beyond ridiculous. IBM has an incredible salesforce with connections to every government in the world. They were resellers for some of my last company's software and the countries and companies they closed were unbelievable, and impossible for any startup to have a chance of selling into on their own. The big companies and governments that is IBM's bread and butter do not purchase hot new SaaS products from 10 person companies. They want stable, functional, enterprise software that integrates with a bunch of ancient systems and can run on-premises (private cloud). My drug of choice is placebo. The more I use, the better it gets. I recommend it to everyone Whenever I see a highly technical article on HN with many upvotes and few comments, I know it will be quality. Nothing much needs to be said, it stands on its own. Great work. "Certain types of people", you mean non-citizens? The H1B lets non-US citizens into the country, ostensibly to fill a supposed skills gap. In reality, most H1B's issued are to replace high paid citizens with lower paid, low benefits immigrants. Whether you think this is good or bad, it isn't xenophobia or racism, it's a dollars and cents issue. I started drinking in 8th grade, moved to marijuana soon after, and did many drugs in high school. I did many stupid things, and graduated with barely a 3.0. I was a "wild child", and although I was raised by a very intelligent and successful single mother, she said I couldn't be controlled and thought giving me freedom was the best solution for me. In college, I had sort of a "been there, done that" attitude to parties and substances while many of my peers were just starting to experiment. I realized that this was my chance, and if I didn't buckle down and study, I was going to wind up a failure in my own eyes. Would I want what I went through for my own kids? No. In hindsight I would have put more boundaries and controls on myself. But I turned out OK. There's hope for everyone. Start with the premise that the single most important factor that determines startup success is hiring quality talent, specifically engineers and scientists. High quality engineers and scientists are currently a small percentage of the entire world's population. They are attracted to areas where they can find jobs, and usually stick around universities. Going with that premise, would you rather start your company in Oklahoma City or Boston? And if you are an investor, would you rather invest in a tech startup in Oklahoma City or Boston? Finally, as an engineer, I highly value the quality of the area I live. There is literally nothing that could make me move to sprawling city like Oklahoma City, Kansas City, Atlanta, Houston, Phoenix, Detroit, etc. Nothing short of an environmental or man made disaster that made all highly desirable, walkable, densely packed cities unlivable. And so it is with many people, I'm sure. Have you ever actually lived in OKC? It is an awful quality of life for many reasons. I highly recommend not living there. If investing is only about rent and salaries, you may as well hire in Sub-Saharan Africa. Lots of tech talent lives there, I'm sure. Has anyone tried out this technology? What is it like? It's just so hard for me to imagine investing so many billions before any product is released 1 hour of work per month, $100k per year, each hour of his time was worth nearly $10k. Cool story but I never would have sold. This is the ultimate side business. Sorry to do a hit piece, I just have never seen such a difference between what was promised and what was delivered. If you are just doing a wordpress clone and never ACTUALLY promised to use AI, why dress it up in all this AI nonsense? I seriously doubt you are auto resizing your CSS using neural networks. Atlassian bitbucket is fine for me, and it gives free private repos. If you just want something for side projects without all of the bells and whistles, bitbucket is fine It is logical to require you to have a license to fill a cavity for safety reasons. It is not logical to require a license to cut hair. Yes, it will boost earnings of barbers, who are generally lower-middle class, but it simply doesn't make logical sense. If you want organic growth, don't charge money for your app. Period. No one wants to pay money for something they can't even try, unless they are positive they know it will work for them. For example, I paid money for the Pure ad blocker because it had tons of positive reviews and coverage in the NYT. But this will not be you. Make money on ads, paid upgrades (remove ads, get premium features), and subscriptions. Show that you have value first, then it becomes very clear how much more value someone can get by paying a little extra. Especially for mobile apps, ad revenue is very high right now as freemium games and VC money has flooded the market. I get as high as $5 per click, usually around $1-2, which is much higher than it used to be. Admob, finance category apps Banner and interstitial, interstitial happens every 5 minutes. Often people open my app several times a day just to check their financial status, triggering an interstitial every time. I'm sure finance ads pay very well. What mobile ad networks do you recommend for higher payouts? I would love to experiment. Haven't used them, will check it out, thanks for the tip I worked in government mobile security for many years, until last November. Many agencies are indeed rolling out iPhones and scaling back on blackberries finally Aren't there terms of service that prohibit you from reverse engineering their software and profiting from it? I want to build a mobile app on top of a private reverse engineered API and my lawyer says it could jeopardize my LLC's assets if we get sued Seriously? When the entire country has been forced to endure decades of stagnant wages, crippling debt, and the two major presidential candidates are a socialist and a fascist, you are surprised that people want the most babied, prima donna group of workers to ever walk the earth to get their comeuppance? An entire group of engineers who complain about 6 figure salaries and how hard it is to live on them? I'm one of the group, I'm exactly the person I just described, I'm just not shocked in the slightest. I hear a voice when I read, but what's amazing is that I hear a British voice when I read The Economist. TE uses various britishisms, but even in the parts that don't, I always hear some brit reading to me. It's partly why I like reading it so much. If it's scientifically proven that a drop of blood can't be accurate, what is the alternative to going into the vein? Maybe you wipe down the wrist with alcohol, then put on a cuff link apparatus that simultaneously takes 20 drops of blood. I think this works better for people who don't want to schedule their entire lives around an airbnb calendar. If you have a room / guest house to rent, and you don't have hired help, you need to be there. Ruins the spontaneity of life, like if I want to take a few days off to go on a getaway. I could see this being useful as a seller. However, as a buyer, it's risky. You need to trust that a room will always be available with your expectations, and you won't know until the same day. It would stress me out. You cannot use the strip SDK for iOS devices. IAP only. And by that I mean, any situation where you want to purchase something in-app (an upgrade, premium service, etc.) and not a transaction for a real-world good. Real world goods can be purchased using whatever, but digital goods must use IAP. The fact this decision was made shows that non-engineers are calling all of the shots. Would love to hear from any engineer at venmo / paypal who can give the inside scoop I just have a lower risk tolerance than a lot of people. I am totally down with creating something new, I just refuse to leave a job that pays the bills to do it. If you work 40-50 hours a week at your real job, that still leaves 10-50 hours per week to work on your own thing, depending on how driven you are, how much stuff you scheduled that week, etc. Startups are so risky that it's way better to reduce your risk any way possible. Of course, if you go the VC funded route and want to be huge, then go for glory and quit your job. But if you want to build a smaller, steadier side business that you grow over a longer time, don't quit your day job. Indeed, but I found it amusing. Ally Bank? Lexapro (Escitalopram) saved my life. I don't care what any meta-analysis says: years of diet, exercise, and meditation did 5% of what 1 month of Lexapro did for me. I will take it until I die. For those interested: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8863 Once everyone and their grandmother started investing in index funds, I knew it was time to pull out. I do Greenblatt's magic formula [0] strategy now, it's doing pretty well even in this down market. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_formula_investing Yes, chrome extension so that next to the +1 button is a way to chip in money, and adds a comment to the issue like "seibelj pledged $10 to this issue". paid informants != agents Many speech tech startups are sued endlessly over patents [0], primarily by Nuance, and then when things look hopeless, Nuance offers to buy and make all the lawsuits go away [1]. How do you view this situation, and how will you fight the lawsuits? [0] http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/09/nuance-sues-vlingo-again-ov... [1] http://techcrunch.com/2011/12/20/after-years-of-patent-litig... Insane? http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/blog/mass-high-tech/2008/0... List of all acquisitions: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuance_Communications#Nuance_a... In the Boston tech scene, it is pretty well-known what Nuance does and why, and is one of the primary reasons I am very against software patents, despite having several to my name. Does anyone know anybody who has ever ordered something from jet.com? No one I've asked has ever heard of it, and they did an enormous media blitz in Boston. I honestly have no idea what this website does or what its purpose is. Is it for commenting? I couldn't figure that out. It seems like you've glued together various websites and search engines into a single page. Why would I use this? The article is a chain of economic fallacies. > Modern economies are increasingly based around information. Information "wants to be free"—as the saying goes—but free things are bad for capitalism, because capitalism is about competition and making profits. Tons of companies are based on providing information. Even if the information is public, sorting it and providing it efficiently has real value (such as google). Others do their own private research and re-sell it. Capitalists use and contribute to open source software. This statement is absurd. > In time, technology is likely to drive many things to "zero marginal cost." Energy, for example, won't be subject to market forces. We'll just have a solar panel on the roof and each kilowatt hour will essentially be free. In this "energy is free" economy, who will be building and providing me with my free solar panels, and then installing and maintaining the electrical system in my home or business? What happens when it's cloudy? This whole article is like a undergraduate philosophy student who thinks he or she has the silver bullet for humanity, if only people would listen! And this is why Americans have such an issue with socialism, it's the exact ethos that makes people want to reduce / remove the welfare state. An able-bodied 30 year old, who has never had a job, lives off the state, and feels justified in this situation. So are they building their own plane, and launching a new airline? Will they also sell the plane to other airlines? Or is this trying to be vertically integrated, like Apple / Tesla? Also, I echo the other sentiments here about the name, really don't want to fly on an airline named "Boom". Nor "Explode", "Kapow", or "Blast". And god forbid if one of their planes crashes during test flights, the PR nightmare that would result. I know people who work in enterprise customer support, on expensive software applications, that are far more complex tickets than just refunds and bug reports. They make good money. Another guy I knew moved from support into being a "sales engineer", which is basically helping to sell software to the more technically minded, demo it properly, assist with integrations, etc. That's also well-paying. Bottom-line is, if you come out of college with an English degree and want to work in tech, you need to get your foot in the door somehow, and support is an option. No idea why you are being downvoted. Supply and demand, this is Economics 101. I have made the same arguments about SF and people downvote me too. The #1 way to decrease rent is to build more supply. If there was double the apartments in SF, the rent would not be as high. The large amount of python standard packages is clearly a benefit for Python. Node should start a vetting process to be included into a standard package system, and start moving in key libs, then host official doc. I guarantee that the weaknesses of the NPM ecosystem are already known and exploited by bad actors. There are people who earn large 6 figure salaries / consulting fees for finding and exploiting these issues. This is a wakeup call that we need to do something about it. Wow! This guy has no idea what the fuck he's talking about Do you buy a single one of these as a consumer, then put a bottle into it? Or is every bottle like this? Or do you buy a unit, then special bottles which only go into the unit? If you are a founder and go out to raise money with the goal of becoming a unicorn, whether for ego / PR / hiring purposes, you are an idiot. I think a lot of companies wanted this label for no rational reason, and this is a symptom of that craze. Uhhh doesn't a VC need to close out their position eventually? And mark a return on their fund? If you take VC money you can't be private forever, you need to be acquired or go public. "We have a lack of supply, I agree. But building more supply makes it worse!!!" You are sorely mistaken Not enough companies bootstrap. Some people work 45 hours / week at their job and 55 hours / week on their side business. That is less risky to me than taking investment and working 100 hours / week on a VC funded business. > realistiic reloading, slide action, [0] Typo alert, right on front page, first paragraph [0] https://iliumvr.com/ I worked at a company that had to resell its software through a disabled, veteran-owned sole proprietorship so that the TSA could find budget to purchase it. The way it was described to me was that a portion of the budget is earmarked for these businesses, so if the primary technology purchasing budget runs out, you can still sell to the TSA if you resell through one of these businesses. Essentially, the reseller took a cut for doing nothing, and fleeced the American taxpayer for a few hundred thousand dollars. I'm sure this happens all the time. Don't have an opinion on any of this, but how many of the population you calculate are citizens over the age of 18? And what would be saved from the US budget by eliminating various existing programs that would be superfluous by UBI? Red Hat Openshift has a solid free tier, free SSL, git push deployments, node / ruby / python / java / php / etc., mysql / postgres, redis. Why would I use this over that? https://www.openshift.com/ Valid point, but there is a fairly robust open source community that provides many more packages (called cartridges in openshift lingo) than are officially supported [0] [0] https://github.com/icflorescu/openshift-cartridge-nodejs I'm intrigued, I live in Boston and am a software engineer, shoot me an email if you'd like to get coffee. seibeljames@gmail.com Follow up - I met with Alex (suncho) and he is a rational, reasonable person with a strong passion and belief in his idea. The idea fascinates me, I will be thinking about it for some time, and personally investing when it is released. Alex - I recommend you get a website and white paper out, and a forum to discuss this with like minded people. You can always sign an offer letter, and reneg later if a better offer comes along. I've done that before. The recruiter even had the balls to say, "You know, you signed a contract, it's a legal document." And I replied, "Massachusetts is an at-will state, just imagine me starting at 9:00am on the start date, and quitting at 9:01am." No one can force you to do anything, this isn't North Korea. I work at startups, the company I pulled this with folded 2 months ago. As someone whose been both an engineer and a manager, I really don't care about feelings when it comes to my life. I'm not going to work some place out of "honor" and waste years of my life if a better opportunity comes along. I like to push the boundaries of what is acceptable to say in public, both online with accounts tied to my real identity and with friends, coworkers, etc. This is a dangerous game and I'm sure someday it will get me in more serious trouble than the occasional hurt feeling. If someone is motivated enough, they can take offense with every little thing you say. I'm not commenting on any aspect of what Greg said or did. But kudos to anyone anywhere who says something that isn't 100% politically correct. The term "politically correct" means following and believing a view that is in the majority of your area. I disagree with political dogma from both ends of the spectrum, and people hold various beliefs without ever really thinking of why they have them. In relation to the article, I agree that America is capitalist, and I don't have any issue with gentrification and forcing out poor people from an area that becomes expensive. What drives me nuts is that people accept that they need to move to SF, NYC, Boston, etc. in order to get the job they want, but you are morally obligated to feel bad about doing it, and pay lip service to the people you forced out. If you really agreed with this, you wouldn't have moved in! I think it's the hypocrisy that drives me bananas. Engaged to woman met on Tinder, met her at 26, disagree I read an FAQ on neo-reactionism and it's totally insane. But I would be fine with the guy lecturing about computers if he knew his stuff. Honestly I find intelligent, rational people who come to radically different conclusions about society to be fascinating. On the other hand, if Hitler himself was alive and gave a speech on art, I wouldn't want to hear it because of his politics and actions. So clearly there is a spectrum for me, and at some point the politics become so bad I can't stand the person. Also, by giving this person a speaking role, he becomes more authoritative in all subjects, so it probably is better not to help him. In summary, lots to think about! Somewhat unrelated, but a lot of people complain about Boston being too expensive, like SF or NYC, but honestly you can live downtown inexpensively if you live in Chinatown, or within subway distance if you live in Jamaica Plain, Dorchester, or Roxbury, which become cheaper (and less safe) in that order. You don't need to live in Cambridge / Somerville / Back Bay / Seaport. If you are seriously considering moving to Pittsburgh or someplace similar because of cost, look at Boston, which is way closer culturally to Silicon Valley than any second tier tech city, and don't focus on living in the prime locations. But compared to SF or NYC, it's significantly cheaper, and you can receive a salary close to what is expected in SF or NYC. Sometimes my significant other and I go out, sometimes we stay in! It's almost like we do different things depending on our moods, schedules, and the weather outside... It would be a travesty if RoboVM, a formerly open source project, did not re-open source their code before shutting down. I can't imagine there is any value to their code sitting in some closed Microsoft repository until the end of time. My personal theory that the path to becoming one of these 'red pill' people goes like this: -Naturally unsuccessful with women, because of personality / looks / etc. -Sense of entitlement, where this person "deserves" to have women desire them, specifically attractive women. -Discovers some sort of methodology that is supposed to help them get women, such as pick up artist communities. -Techniques fail to help them get women. -Warped sense of reality develops, where it isn't their own fault that they can't get women to love them, it's society's / women's / feminists / someone else's fault. -Intense hatred and fear of the opposite sex, supported by a reactionary ideology that permits their beliefs and behavior. Anyone can have an attitude of entitlement. I have observed it in both genders and in various life circumstances. Focusing on women shows your bias. Reviews are easily gamed, which seems to be the number one way to rank higher, and releasing a new version of an app wipes out reviews, which penalizes apps that are frequently improved and rewards forgotten apps. This is also driving the development of frameworks and tools that allow app updates without going through the App Store, such as react native, which I assume Apple doesn't want to encourage. Please reward apps that provide real value, that people constantly use after installing, rather than apps that game the system. Why would people use his property to park cars? The developer would purchase property and include a driveway / garage. You are being ridiculous. The problem is that regulations wouldn't allow an 8 family home. I live in a dense area and there are single families, triple deckers, and apartment complexes all around me. Welcome to Boston Curious what the head gear looked like. Also, the vibrations of the models were very jarring to me, I could barely look at it anymore by the time the video ended. Obviously this is amazing technology, but I can't adopt it until 1) It doesn't make me sick, and 2) I don't look like a total doofus while using it. I don't think the article fully articulates many people's visceral hatred for medallion cabs. Everyone I know who used to take cabs regularly has a horror story. It was an industry begging and pleading for someone to disrupt them. Most people don't feel the same way about restaurants and grocery stores. The solution is so blindingly obvious: You are creating AI not to replace humans, but to assist humans. If your humans can manage 50 emails per hour, you judge the quality of improvements to the AI on how any more emails per hour they can handle. This is from improving the tools humans use to completely eliminating the human from the equation in certain cases. Then your customers need to rate the quality of the service to see if automatically handled emails had the side-effect of reducing quality, which then needs to be weighed against the cost savings. Did he really have to pay for his daughter's wedding? It's like 4000 words about how poor he is then somehow he finds many thousands for a totally unnecessary expense His comparisons of computer files to public goods are meaningless. Think of a web service. It is the same as any other type of service, physical or virtual. It does a job. It costs money to maintain. It charges money to users. Competitors can create competing services. No where in here is the web service a public good. The point the author was making was that computer files are fundamentally different than physical goods. But software engineers don't produce "computer files" for sale. They make products and services. Whether it's a file or not is meaningless, and the abstract idea of a "computer file" being a public good is inaccurate. If self-driving cars become anything like what armchair futurists are predicting within 10 years, I'll eat my hat. The on-demand car that picks you up and drives you around while you sleep is a long, long way away. Pleading with people not to mess up your data is guaranteed to lead to problems. You can't rely on the goodwill of anonymous internet people. You will need a flagging system, moderators, etc. Thanks for your write up. After my own failed attempt I came to the conclusion that any product based primarily on aggregating products that others sell is a failed model. You are a middle man in an already thin-margin industry and are competing directly with shops (who are incentivized to have customers come directly to them and bypass you) and other aggregators. It would be better if you became a drop shipper and sold the products yourself. Much more control, and the audience you were building with ads would have stayed. eBay is not forwarding you to third-party websites in order to purchase products. They are listing products directly. The company the author was creating forwarded you to someone else. In return the store paid a monthly fee. Essentially this company was targeted lead-gen, and stores paid a fee for them to do the work and drive traffic. Yes I understand the thought process, but as you wrote in detail, it was a failed model. The benefits to being an aggregator (lack of stock and shipping headaches) is far outweighed by the negatives (lack of control, competition, lack of loyalty, little money). If you were building a shopping platform, and getting loyalty, perhaps you should have just sold the items yourself. The experience would have been much better, for sure. Bot / human hybrids are so obviously the future, not bots only, as the experience they provide is shit except for specific things which are easier done with menus. Reducing the complexity of app notifications is worth forcing your users to interact with you like a bash terminal? There is a reason we have modern UI widgets, windows, buttons, etc.