I'd love a feature like this that I could use with pypy. I don't need 100ms billing resolution, but 1s or 1m would be nice. Does "unified virtual memory and pointer-passing for dedicated GPU" suggest some kind of cooperative paging between the CPU and GPU? But it's not as if the GPU could just fault in pages that it needs on demand, right? It would be really nice if curl took the content-type and results from isatty(STDOUT_FILENO) into consideration when deciding whether to spew to stdout. Well, the messaging is discrete too. Is there any way to measure empirically the safety of a hashing algorithm? This might sound silly, but I wonder what is the environmental impact of absorbing this energy with PV instead of having it be absorbed/reflected by rooftops, grass, etc? Presumably its a net benefit over combustion of fossil fuels. If solar power continues its efficiency pace, should we be concerned with its deployment? The triumphant return of clearcase‽ > You have a fortune-5 company here. Translation for you: They are a very large target for lawsuits. The open source software provides no indemnification. I work for another fortune-5 company who uses linux in many products that we sell. Another well-regulated industry, too. I will concede that the hazards for operating automobiles are well-beyond many other industries' products. I own a 2010 Ford Fusion with SYNC and I really enjoy the features. I suppose it could've been done better, but the speaker-independent voice recognition is stellar. I'm confused: $1000-2000 days? Are you suggesting that there are "many of you" who pulled down ~250-500k USD per year back in the 80s/90s/00s? Which industry(ies)/career(s) are you referring to? Correct me if I'm wrong here, but isn't that only helpful if you have multithreaded python programs? I have found that if my process is too slow, I can consider porting it to numpy/numba, cython, using pypy or dividing up the work using multiprocessing. multiprocessing is barely more work than using the threading module, and completely avoids the GIL AFAIK. It would be super-useful if this enabled something like beignet [1] to be ported to the vc4. 1: https://01.org/beignet > I have found some strong criticism of his basic understanding of economics. Does anyone know what proponents of stock buybacks would say in response to his arguments? Given the downsides, why is it appropriate/fair/legitimate? Hey, that's really useful/helpful info! I'll endorse TestDisk/PhotoRec as a mechanism for recovering deleted files, should be appropriate for most (though you might want a trusted tech savvy person to execute this recovery). The System Rescue CD includes these packages. http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/PhotoRec http://www.sysresccd.org/SystemRescueCd_Homepage > You just can't have a place where anyone with enough money (a few k EUR/USD) can perform murders without any reasonable risk of being exposed. I strongly suspect that we will see a whitelist-endorsed-by-some-reputation-broker approach sometime in the future. The suggestion of this kind of thing usually creates a big backlash among many Bitcoin supporters (for good reasons IMO). But eventually there will be many folks using Bitcoin without any ideological attachment to it, and they'll be lured by the appeal of interacting with agents endorsed by some other party. AFAIK Chromecast uses DLNA underneath (which is mostly RTSP + mDNS discovery?). Don't leave me hangin'! I got to "How do you build a VMM? (part 3)" and ... that's it? I feel like I need some kind of epilogue. You are absolutely correct. Revolution is strictly a brand name. 160mm and 0.28s is an incremental improvement over GE's CT750HD, albeit in two dimensions. I'm on the design team for this product. In the CT "super premium" market, the major players focused on different specs and tried to convince hospitals that the future of CT was in this direction (volume/slices/coverage, temporal resolution/cardiac, dose, new imaging/spectral, spatial resolution). Revolution CT is GE's attempt to deliver something that unifies on these goals and they hope to sweep this high end market. Interestingly enough with modern CTs you can get more than strictly density/attenuation. Though you're right that indeed these images are using some transform between what they think bone and vascular densities and their colors. Revolution indeed provides superior temporal resolution over its predecessor. Though arguably Siemens dual-tube, dual-detector design provides yet better still temporal resolution. Hour-long reconstruction times are very abnormal. GE sells a low-dose feature branded "Veo" that has ~30-minute reconstruction times. CT750HD spectral imaging (branded GSI) takes as long as 20-minutes. Revolution imaging takes on the order of minutes (2-3). Indeed the 3d post-processing takes time and probably includes many manual steps/tweaks. The dose is primarily a function of the power delivered to the X-Ray source, the size of the beam and the scan's duration. The big features of this device are coverage (160mm) and rotation speed ( mostly dose neutral). If you were imaging 160mm before you had to use multiple sequential scans, so the dose is not significantly different from that scenario. Revolution has similar or superior (meaning less) dose than GE's previous high end scanner. GE's high end scanners tend to offer better dose than the competition. Hmm, that's too bad. I could've sworn it had hit the 30-minute mark. There haven't been many refreshes so I don't know that it's been improved since the initial release. Well, IMO, after five or so minutes there's not a huge difference between 30 and 60. But it does depend a bit on how the imaging workflow goes (do you wait for those images before letting the patient leave?, e.g.). But you can get some pretty dramatic image quality or dose improvements from Veo, so maybe it's worth it. CTs are uncommon in family medicine offices. They'd need to forfeit square feet that could otherwise be used for several exam rooms. The offices that do have them probably opt for really low-end ones. So "never"? As an aside, I think GPs (General Practitioners) are probably phasing out a bit in favor of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners. Though "Family Medicine" still employs lots of MDs. Great questions. I suspect many operational details were a factor in working with WKBH. Patient load, available space, willing to work with the GE team on issues. CCN [1] in Paris was another trial site. As of now, there's probably a couple dozen installed globally. Cardiac is one of the big growth areas for CT and Revolution is designed to get better temporal resolution. So absolutely angio imaging is a big part of the publicity. AFAIK there's no direct comparison with cath. But if the Revolution CT cardiac dose was better than the competition (I think it may be), chances are the team will update their dose comparisons between GEHC CT and cardiac cath. 1 - http://www.centre-imagerie-nord.com/ To be fair, while this product is a big improvement, I wouldn't distinguish between it and "traditional CT." It's just the latest evolution of CT (from one particular manufacturer). Radiation Dose for CT has been a big issue over the past decade. It continues to improve due to better algorithms and hardware changes. The big features here over GE's other CTs are the fact that it rotates faster and covers more anatomy in a single rotation. Neither of these has a significant impact on the dose. One of the dose oriented features of Revolution is called "ASiR-V" and GE claims that it "is designed to deliver reduced noise levels, improve low-contrast detectability and routinely reduce dose up to 82% for patients of all ages." In the US I think that they may be by prescription-only? Maybe not, worth a call to your local outpatient diagnostic imaging center. Don't call a hospital, they'll charge you too much. I'd guess you could get one from any-old-CT-scanner for something like $500 to $1000? Someone who just bought this Revolution scanner will probably charge much more. Apparently some people get charged upwards of 10k USD [1]! But honestly if you just want images of your guts you'd be fine with any old CT. Once you have the 2d axial images, you can probably find open source software that will do the 3d projection. 1 - http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine/2012/07/that-ct-... Believe it or not, there is a mobile CT! It's on a semi truck, though. > xz + scp will still be faster than this That's not the case if the data you're sending is already compressed. But you're right that it's not a fair comparison. scp/ssh also has integrated compression with "-C". scp's beauty is in its ubiquity. That host over there that I want to copy to? I need no extra configuration there because sshd is already running. I agree that scp is dog slow and it can be pretty frustrating. As others have mentioned, cranking down the cipher provides a modest improvement. Ad-hoc netcat based solutions like this one are the way to go if you need throughput and not security. Agreed. But it's disappointing that Google doesn't feel the same responsibility that they think Microsoft has. Who's eligible for the class? Only employees of those corporations? Or the tech/engineering marketplace at large? The original e-ink Kindle had a real keyboard. It's a little less awkward than the e-ink Nook which used (uses?) a small LCD touchscreen keyboard. > What if you just shut down the computer Good idea. It's probably the safest/most paranoid to trigger an NMI or bus reset. Should be extremely low latency. 'shutdown -P now' is slow, maybe 'echo b > /proc/sysrq-trigger' is more effective. Trick is knowing when that sync is "really" done. Stanford. Indeed, this is centralization. But as others have mentioned, it's much more like "exchange your CPU time for equity in our security" than it is like "participate in our distributed, decentralized currency." No sustainable decentralized currency could use inputs like protein folding, SETI, etc. Counterparty is really innovative, and this is a great way to leverage it. Unfortunately, it's really easy to confuse with typical altcoins which really use miners. I think Storj may have some similarities. http://storj.io/ I use these units frequently when measuring quantities of bytes for which there's a significant difference between the power of ten and the corresponding power of two. I like that these units are unambiguous. From what I've seen, very few of my colleagues know about this distinction and understand how to use these. How does this compare with the ODROID-C1? http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code... IMO the pogoplug is really simple to reload with Arch Linux and it's super cheap. However, it's worth noting that it's really lacking in horsepower when compared with the Pi and other contemporary offerings. But for ~15 USD shipped, it's astonishingly affordable. http://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv5/pogoplug-series-4 I'm pretty surprised that you can't get some funding from Canonical, Redhat, Microsoft, SuSE, Linux Foundation, et al. Is there anyone on the team who could engage those organizations? Several linux distros have much of their customization features written in python. Microsoft seems to be trying VERY hard to change their course and attract more developers back to their platform(s). They're clearly willing to make strategic investments in open source projects. I've found that PyPy works wonders for the vast majority of python code I've thrown at it. In order to close remaining gaps, funding is key. That's great! > For machine monitoring Prometheus offers the Node exporter Is it possible for the frontend to utilize data from the cron-invoked sar/sadc that already covers much of this data? http://sebastien.godard.pagesperso-orange.fr/ It's probably hard to get a CE mark or FCC certification for a PCB-style product, right? Those organizations probably want to know about emissions but it doesn't make sense to measure a PCB for radiated emissions since it has so few protections against it. Arguably, that's your job -- when you buy the PCB you are planning to integrate it with an enclosure that will solve those problems and now that you've designed this new product you should get the certifications. Initially I'd have agreed, but it seems more subtle than that. Let's read from Verizon's "Postpay Device Unlocking Policy" > ... We do not lock our 4G LTE devices, and no code is needed to program them for use with another carrier. So I take this as "we don't have a subsidy lock that prevents you from moving this phone to another LTE vendor." Indeed, they clarify later: > “Unlocking” a device refers only to disabling software that would prevent a consumer from attempting to activate a device designed for one carrier’s network on another carrier’s network, even if that network is technologically compatible. But these phones do ship with signed bootloaders, and it doesn't sound like Verizon provides the mechanism to replace it. It doesn't sound like this re-legitimizes 3rd party businesses who offer unlocking services. TFA refers to FCC negotiations with carriers, and not the LoC changing policy. I'll wager that's the only thing that would let you install your own OS. I think shibboleth is a shibboleth. I feel similarly. I do think that there are some folks for whom this interface makes sense, though. Which tool(s) do you use for Glacier backups? bitcoin's not really that anonymous. Sure, the ledger doesn't contain identities, but it's not extremely difficult for the mapping between addresses and identities to "leak" and once they do, it's anything but anonymous. When I spend money with a vendor I often reveal my identity to them intentionally (so that they can ship me goods!). There's the join right there. You can argue that I shouldn't have sent money to this vendor but I think that eliminates an enormous existing use case for cryptocoins. > they are sending the smallest possible ethernet ethernet frame at 84 bytes It's impressive, but I can't see its application. Does that mean that it will scale well to many different types of traffic? Are there extremely low-latency applications that need these tiny frames and yet want to use 10GbE? > If you're using more realist payload (eg. larger packets) you should be able to scale it further. eg 40Gbit Yes, I would think so. I was able to saturate four 10GbE links simultaneously (using 9000 byte frames, among four separate CPU cores spanning two memory nodes). This was using ~2010 hardware using linux 2.6.27. > Just like you give me a work computer to do work related tasks on, the same should go for mobile devices. I'm issued a mobile phone by my employer. Today I don't have any option to "carve out" a niche for my personal activity on my phone. AFAIK they can know anything and everything. Google Play for Work sounds like it would help out here. Can you declare a license for [2]? Here's a cool Hugo-nominated story based on "The Thing": "The Things" [0] -- it's retold from "The Thing's" point of view. [0] http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/watts_01_10/ sure, just like everyone else's programs just use libc, python standard library, etc. Which license? How about BSD or GPL? My first reaction to the magicbands was pretty cynical, like this. But it's really astonishing how much more convenient and enjoyable it made the vacation. No need to slog a camera, wallet, etc. I was surprised that even the smallest out-of-the way Disney feature (Magic Express at the airport, entry into the resort pools, e.g.), they still had a way to scan the magic bands. If we did end up spending more because of it, it wasn't much more. And it might just be worth it. They do. We paid for an "all you can eat" photography package. There's many photographers at each park (usually near something fairly scenic), and whenever we were inclined, we'd pop in front of the photographer, click, swipe, and off we went to the next destination. The transport for this service is HTTP? I imagine most competitors use that as well, right? How does encoding factor in here? I have to transcode my data to base64 in order to put it in or take it out, I assume? I "know" I'd only get billed for the data stored as the original octet/binary encoding. But what about the egress fees? Encoded or decoded data is the input for the billing? It's not completely clear to me how the build start times were used to calculate uptime. Especially since a popular usecase for Travis/github integration is to trigger a build-upon-PR. If that triggered build fails, the PR is marked as such and normally the content wouldn't get merged. This is designed to prevent the exact problem described, but are these Travis PR-triggered builds filtered out of the uptime input dataset? ASan is wicked awesome, to be sure. But despite its existence, it's not IMO widely-used, or at least as-widely-used-as-I'd-like. Aside: are there any good open/online resources for learning about bayesian reasoning, NLP, machine learning or similar topics? I've read "Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers" but it didn't feel like it explained enough of the concepts. I'd love something like an undergraduate curriculum/text if someone could recommend one. I got 25x on sum_naive_python() and 6x on sum_native_python() (PyPy 2.7.3 vs CPython 2.7.6 on Intel Arrandale), using timeit to measure time and not cycles. But IMO it's a nice article anyways. I'd wager the final implementation he comes up with is faster than PyPy. Someone linked to a coursera course on machine learning in that thread, but the URL seems to have changed. It's now found at https://www.coursera.org/course/ml "Andrew Ng's Standford course has been a god send in laying out the mathmatics of Machine Learning. Would be a good next step for anybody who was intrigued by this article." > Mars One was hoping to generate $6 billion from a reality show. That dollar amount sounds pretty ludicrous. But if you could somehow bootstrap some faith that it was real, I suppose maybe they could generate global viewership that would translate to large revenues. In turn, those revenues could actually be used to fund a real launch. shrug , of course people would only watch in big numbers if you could also supply some washed-up C-list celebrities and oddballs. I can relate, on some level. Sometimes I feel like writing test cases that increase coverage is not enough. There are days where I think I need a sat solver in order to get confidence that I'll never see incorrect behavior from my code. > type hinting will dampen the effect of type inconsistency I feel I'm not sure that I see type hinting being that advantageous. I kinda hope that it could allow PyPy and other VMs to make assumptions that would otherwise require heuristics. Perhaps type hinting could make static checkers/linters for Python more effective, though. AFAIK the Pixel is one of the best around this class, but it's a bit more expensive at 1000 USD. > NumPy which requires installation of our fork of upstream numpy... At some point in the past, there was a "numpypy" -- does that name still describe PyPy's fork? Does the numpy team see a forward path where they can take some of these changes back upstream (presumably some/all of the changes could support CPython and PyPy)? Anyways, keep up the great work! I'm always happy to see my code scream on PyPy for a "free" speed boost. IMO numpy support is probably one of the few barriers other people see to utilizing pypy more. FYI this is marked "sensitive security information" and makes reference to 45 CFR part 1520. § 1520.17 describes "consequences of unauthorized disclosure of SSI ... Corrective action may include issuance of an order requiring retrieval of SSI to remedy unauthorized disclosure or an order to cease future unauthorized disclosure." So AWS and/or HN might end up receiving such an order, right? [0] https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/49/1520.17 So as a result of the acquisition, IBM has disabled the service? Seems odd. Their only interest was supplementing/enhancing Watson? I agree -- IMO being dogmatic about 100% or any other number can be a big waste of time. But a coverage ratio and/or browsing annotated source is a good feedback mechanism for how many tests you've written. > Where does this come from It's defining the term "code coverage" to be the ratio of lines covered by tests to the total lines. > why did they suspect this would be indicative of anything? If anything, it's a useful feedback mechanism. e.g. "Gee, we wrote sixteen unit tests for this module but we're still only at 34% coverage. Ohh, I see it now -- framistan.cpp doesn't get used by these tests at all. We should write a test that enables framistan mode!" > In what country would it be deemed legal and normal for people to shoot down drones? Do people take pot-shots at light aircraft? Why would people suddenly want to shhot at drones? I don't think it would be at all routine. But I can imagine trouble-making adolescents doing that (here in the US). Probably wouldn't be make-or-break for drones. But it would be an interesting challenge for Amazon -- how can we retrieve this equipment and how can we investigate its attack/distinguish from part failures? Is there a transaction module that provides a null/no-op implementation for compatibility with CPython? The search strategy is described in the docs [1]. I wonder if they could capitalize on the algorithm NIST uses in their ACTS software [2]? It's great for maximizing time spent testing parameters in N different dimensions. [1] http://hypothesis.readthedocs.org/en/latest/details.html#sea... [2] http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/SNS/acts/ Well, I doubt Intel sees it as a security feature first and foremost. But even if they did, they don't have an obligation to be "responsible" in how they market their features. Many of their pricing choices ultimately end up being related to yield. If they need to devote more transistors in order to enable an IOMMU, seems like it makes sense to charge more for it. A graphical representation of the dose relative to the patient weight or the dose prescribed relative to the recommended dose would be a great way to help users from accidentally making this mode error. YHBT. :( ...except for the aforementioned PyPy. Which is quite good IMO! (and supports ARM) Based on the research I've read, one of the most valued skills for workers is communication/teamwork. I'll speculate wildly that the loners who perform well at these tasks don't have the leadership/teamwork skills that are so highly desirable. But don't "trusted lieutenants" (yourself included?) mitigate a lot of the challenge posed by that high rate of change? afl-fuzz is pretty powerful, no doubt. But beyond dynamic analysis, someone wrote a static analysis feature to find heartbleed as well: https://github.com/awruef/find-heartbleed I read it and thought it was super cool. I was inspired to write my own checker to demonstrate how easy it was to my software team. And when I get a chance I'll try to contribute some general-purpose checkers to clang. I dunno if it will work, but IMO it matters. If for no other reason than inspiring other folks! Every few years, my team compares other filesystems against XFS for sequential write throughput to disk arrays. We consistently get near-block-dev performance with XFS and other filesystems are only starting to approach XFS'. Consistent throughput is far and away our top ranked requirement, so XFS has ruled for over a decade. I just changed my diet in a few ways: • stopped drinking diet soda • started drinking coffee • reduced calorie intake • limited consumption to 12hrs • shifted diet to more fresh foods and fewer sugars I've lost some weight (about 10% so far). I see slight differences in how I feel, mostly related to the changes in body mechanics due to the lost weight. I think these changes will be critical in avoiding serious health complications. Next change I want to phase in is some reasonable exercise regimen. I find myself with some cognitive dissonance. This makes perfect sense. But selfishly, I've worked for many corporations that operate an http proxy that they scrutinize and they proxy https which they cannot scrutinize (without detection), so I feel comfortable that they are not. (Yes I periodically review the certificate store for changes). If the vast majority of sites were https, they might decide to do MITM for those https connections and either instruct everyone to ignore the warning or install their own certs on all of the computers. Indeed I think many corporations may already do this. I would probably not use many websites if they made that change. > Wouldn't the corporation install it's own root certificate in that case? Yeah, but I can audit the certificate store (and I have). On some systems, I am granted local administrator privilege. I wouldn't take out any certs that they install, but if I found that they installed and/or used one, I'd probably stop using most public websites (at least the ones that I have a username/password with). > casual copyright infringement is the norm on the internet (eg, distributing images from god knows where) Many of the uses you describe are covered under Fair Use (and then therefore are not infringement). > I think the argument can be made that command lines tools shouldn't provide versioning and help text at all - leave it up to the manual pages. I'd have a real hard time agreeing with that. But I could make an exception for /bin/true. It seems inevitable that continued advances in PV will either destroy the power utilities or force them to reinvent their business as electricity brokers (focusing on distribution and/or storage). Regulatory capture can slow this trend. But as the article indicates, it's only temporary. Advances in energy storage and moderated consumption allows customers to disengage from the grid entirely. I think POSIX almost always specifies strict additions in the form of function declarations and expected behavior of those functions, and some generic system-wide features. Your suggested change would amount to a delta on the language spec. That would probably be unprecedented. > " 'Umm... a thousand dollars' ... unfortunately for some people, 4th grade math remains difficult for them." patio11 himself was merely citing their misunderstanding. For many use cases, it would seem like container-based approaches are even better still. I see -- you're right. > Even the "randomness" is deterministic. But isn't rand() deterministic too? It's only governed by the seed. Only /dev/random is "really" random, AFAIK. And even that is only as good as the nearby entropy. If they'd have called it a "static analyzer" they might have had an easier time selling it. Businesses regularly shell out big bucks for C/C++/Java static analysis tools like Coverity, Klocwork, etc. Static analysis is less likely to yield fruit (design errors and not false positives) in a language like Python. So the bar's definitely higher for these guys than it is for the static analysis tools for static-typed languages. If they'd have called it a "static analyzer" they might have had an easier time selling it. Businesses regularly shell out big bucks for C/C++/Java static analysis tools like Coverity, Klocwork, etc. Static analysis is less likely to yield fruit (design errors and not false positives) in a language like Python. So the bar's definitely higher for these guys than it is for the static analysis tools for static-typed languages. I guess so. It's too bad. > does anyone have knowledge that this occurs If you have any doubts, click on the padlock icon using your browser. On Chrome, you can click "Connection" then "Certificate Information". It will display who the certificate was "Issued By" and "Issued To". Well-meaning eavesdropping corporations will likely confess their [or the device's manufacturer name] identity here. > 97. Have Pixar make 3001, A Space Odyssey, with HAL replaced by a Mac. Kinda like Wall-E's charge-cycle-complete boot sound and EVE's iPod-inspired design. Thanks for sharing! > Software Engineer 2015 $ 96,000 - $147,250 Uh...really‽ Is that range like [new grad - experienced]? Should I expect the same range from a software engineer at a device manufacturer not-on-one-of-the-coasts? I'll confess, I have looked ever-so-briefly at D and Go and I figured that Rust was probably similar to Go but I just didn't take the time to learn about it. I like the idea of D (especially design-by-contract), but I have difficulty convincing my colleagues (and myself) that a product with a garbage collector can perform consistently well enough. Then I read this in TFA: > Despite guaranteeing memory safety, Rust does not have a garbage collector or runtime, and one of the benefits of this is that Rust code can be called from C with no setup at all. Maybe I should think about it as "you always enable ASan in your production binary"? That suits me just fine, if that's one of its major benefits. I will resolve today to follow up on Rust and try to learn more about it. > at which point you're as vulnerable to programming mistakes as C. Yes, but if you start off in C's typical domain, then you cannot decompose your problem set into safe and unsafe bins using C. So you're stuck with unsafe-lowest-common-denominator everywhere you go. > uncovered some things Those were problems with the rust compiler or the binaries it generates? > Without fees, your transaction will get processed eventually, but miners tend to put profitable transactions first. IIRC this is only because some generous folks run miners willing to process zero-fee transactions in order to clean them up and forgive those who probably made the transaction fee too small in error. What if they decide to stop upgrading their equipment to keep up with the difficulty? > that just means it is rolled into the price of the car. True. But if there were an option for all-you-can-eat fossil fuel, a lot of the market would probably consider it very seriously, especially if it were less than 5% of the cost of the car. > I tend to believe that mass incarceration isn't responsible for the dramatic decrease in crime rates... In fact, wasn't there some research that concluded that it was indeed the introduction of unleaded gasoline which decreased the crime? > I can say that security is not always a high priority in medical device designs. Agreed. But it's because generally it's not (yet?) a problem. The wires are crossed on HN or your tabs. Your tmux response is in the github-ipython notebook thread. Is this a true "leak"? Maybe I'm naive but I would think you couldn't have a leak without using JNI. Maybe a reference cycle is hard/impossible to GC? >Later, in a background thread, it checks if the reference has been cleared and if not it triggers a GC. > If the reference is still not cleared ... Sounds to me like it's not a leak so much as unbounded-memory-growth. But sounds like a useful tool. And I guess you can suppress warnings using AndroidExcludedRefs.java if you have intentional cycles. Using a waterway as a heat sink for a server farm may not sound as bad as dumping waste, but it's bound to have an impact on the wildlife there. > I was curious to find interesting scripts, i.e. scripts that trigger unusual edge cases. In my limited experience with afl-fuzz, it seems to record test inputs which cause crashes (at least by default). Did you change the criteria for it to consider a test failed/crashed or otherwise worth recording? Oh, neat. So does it remove them from the queue at some point later? Or can I go back after exiting a long afl-fuzz run and still see them? > They're really going to claim that the Edge sandbox is better than Chrome, with no basis? Edge has yet to be exploited at Pwn2Own and Chrome gets exploited every year. Clearly that's a better record. ;) An image I found of a heartbleed logo with the word "heartbleed" superimposed indicated the same response -- "instrumentation." Why don't F2P games use in-game advertising? That seems like a simple way to chip away at the expense of running the service while not being as frustrating as pay-to-win. Mathworks makes a sat solver kinda product that does those kinds of proofs. Pretty interesting concept, IMO. I just purchased the same laptop. It's really excellent. But I am a little nervous about occasional panics when entering/exiting standby (15.04 vivid, 3.19.0-18). "except Exception:" is rarely what you want IMO. It also catches SyntaxError, which is almost always a design error -- one you'd typically prefer would halt the system. Unfortunately there's no common parent to EnvironmentError/SystemError/RuntimeError/etc that excludes SyntaxError. SyntaxError can happen as a consequence of loading a module (hitting an import statement, etc). But for a simpler example, replace SyntaxError with NameError and it's still almost always a design error that you probably have no sane way to handle in an exception handler (other than to mask the problem). Python's a very dynamic language and so of course you could come up with examples to the contrary (ones where the user input could trigger SyntaxError or NameError). Guilt by association? Perhaps SF is not the true source of badness/malware but instead they tend to host the projects most likely to include such malware. Tsk, that's pretty damning. We saw some performance issues with Intel's DC S3500 firmware. But they were able to fix them without too much hassle. > + "Run your own infrastructure" is currently a pipe dream for what is 99.9% of people. Or not even a dream, because those 99.9% prefer not to run their own infrastructure even if it's easy and cheap. However, "local apps" (ones which don't require infrastructure) could be appealing if they could achieve parity with the enormous-backend apps. I've cited this message by Franklin in the past but I've since learned that he was making the case for the legislation to have the power to tax wealthy landowners in order to fund the French and Indian war. He's not saying this in anything like the context we tend to use it now. http://www.npr.org/2015/03/02/390245038/ben-franklins-famous... When I first read your comment I thought you were referring to the employer with respect to the H1-B visa requirements. :( > But in my remote, the batteries are not arranged in serial; they are arranged in parallel Are you sure? That's pretty uncommon. Are the poles oriented in the same direction or opposite ones? Is one set of poles connected to a pair of terminals shared by a single conductor and the other set using two distinct terminals? Google doesn't have any SCIFs...do they? I enjoy the challenge of programming interviews. When I interviewed in Mountain View, I thought it was just super cool to have been invited. It was like the mother ship had summoned me home! I was mega-underwhelmed when I botched the last session, though. And after doing so poorly, no one escorted me out or summed things up. Efficient, I suppose -- I'd met with the recruiter at the beginning of the day and there was nothing left to discuss. But there was no denouement. A big build up all day and all of a sudden -- nothing. That last session I was asked to implement a particular matrix manipulation. IMO a bit more utility than tree inversion. And I tried to talk through my thought process but I'll admit it just wasn't getting there. After it was over, I went back to the hotel, wrote a test case and kept coding until I made it work. I'm a little ashamed to admit that it took 1.5-2hrs to get it to work -- so probably not just intimidation/stage fright. After writing the code, I don't think I understood the design well enough to explain it -- but I did do it on my own w/o any reference. I guess I wasn't surprised when I didn't get an offer. So I've been contacted again as a part of this latest hiring campaign. I'll give it another try, I suppose. My ego's buoyed by being contacted again and doing well on phone screens, so I suppose I can take another bruising. :) Yeah, that's in series. > The reason nobody has anything to say to you at the end of the day is because none of that has happened I just meant typical American (or global?) politeness stuff -- escort your guest to the door, thank them for coming, you'll hear from us soon, etc. By the time I reach this level of complexity, I usually think that what I really want is a daemon. But I suppose this is a good way to split the difference. > But, unlike asbestos, graphene won't be literally all around everyone right? Also unlike asbestos we may be able to manufacture products which use an astonishingly small mass of graphene to be useful. Perhaps that small mass can be suspended/isolated with other materials that will mitigate the likelihood of impacting humans. Won't work on: (1) systems expecting COFF binaries, (2) systems who support ELF but use a different architecture. For #2, there's several very popular archs to support: x86, x86_64, arm*, mips, x32. AFAIK ELF doesn't (yet?) support multiple arch-in-a-single-file. I work for a company that benefits from the TAVR procedure becoming approved, so I've heard a lot about it in the context of our growth. It's great to see the clinical benefits described here. > assuming they are cool with it That reception is probably not uniform among Marvel, especially since they have to mount an affirmative defense against trademark infringement. But just don't get too popular and it will never matter. ;) Hmm...it's got a user and a machine...k... Inspired by turtles, LEGO and ICs, k... "Or with JavaScript in general" -- there's a hint "Web Frameworks: Given that we're building a web framework" -- well, I wouldn't call it a given , but -- mystery solved! Wow, things move really fast in this space. Is "back when" May 2015? The only context I have is the "Didn't you just release Famous in May?" quote from the article. We do. (some of us do, anyways). > Mike: "Clang is my favorite. Its built into the compiler. You don't have to invoke anything special." I agree with Mike. I've also used Coverity Static Analysis and various other tools. Some of them are better than others. Also, "-Wall -Wextra" or "-Weverything" are fantastic for a simple first-pass static analysis. Yeah, with previous generations of chipsets/CPUs, I couldn't saturate quad-10GbE receive streams unless I bound the buffers to particular nodes and IRQs to corresponding cores. Perhaps it's generational? Maybe Mr. Poettering is a talented individual who lacks some specific experiences/history which requires re-learning some lessons from developing linux? Paul Graham writes about this phenomenon -- http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Graham_(computer_programm... Hmm..what would happen if you were to attempt to write that time to an RTC in that window? I suppose some RTC parts might be designed to reject those writes. Does the RTC interface logic in the OS just not care about leap seconds and therefore misinterprets the time? Or does it need some sort of special correction for this case? `xmllint --format` is probably pretty good at recovering readability. and how old are you? And yet traditional BIOSes reuse features, implementation and design from the dawn of personal computing. They strike me as an unreliable black art. Bootstrapping computers is "hard" and there's a huge disincentive to breaking compatibility with operating systems' installation/bootstrapping. I'm not sure if EFI/UEFI are ideal, but it strikes me as a net win. But the ifdefs likely negate performance concerns for the most part. Decomposing this function into different implementations with appropriate abstraction doesn't need to break compatibility. Or don't use them at all. For where the behavior must be different, create different source files with the same function signature. When building, link only with the implementation appropriate for the target being built. also at https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9902420 Radiated, but not conducted. Do you plan to follow up when you've made a decision? Without a doubt, the modern compilers' *san features are great at closing the gap between C/C++ and higher-level GC/memory-safe languages. No matter how you feel about open source software licenses, I think we can all agree that llvm/clang has inspired the world to create better technology that we can all benefit from. I had a relatively sane comment (IMO) about whether github should instead consider allowing users to opt-in to "show unsigned commits which claim to be from this address as unknown." Oddly enough my comment itself was altered to be a mindless obnoxious comment! (does github use git commits to track the comments themselves?) yeah, my favorite's the "fuzz testing python" one. Mine. ;) It's ready to rock and roll right this minute. security FTW. Advertisement-supported and privacy focused need not be mutually exclusive. python's not necessarily slow -- are your tests typically CPU bound or I/O bound? If the latter, I suspect the difference between Python and other languages will be insignificant. More powerful ARM CPUs (ARM7 or better IIRC) can take advantage of pypy. > fully general purpose Programmed via OCL? Don't I need some kind of OS/host CPU functionality to load the inputs into DRAM and retrieve them? > what does "slimmed down" Google mean? Hopefully less likely to run afoul of antitrust regulation. Note that it's from March 11, 2014. It's relevant background for the recent post though. Great contribution! How different is this from backbone peering? It's certainly "legal" and RHI would only need worry about whether it's permitted as a part of their service. Presumably it is permitted, but certainly not all providers would allow it. Baked into the cost of the service no doubt. A great baseline that would make me feel better would be other foodstuffs' lead and cadmium concentration. Are these contaminants a part of most food production, at some astonishingly low concentrations already? "Since Soylent is marketed as a meal replacement, users may be chronically exposed to lead and cadmium concentrations that exceed California's safe harbor level. We’ve worked with a few companies making protein powders and they just need to look at their ingredients and investigate." Well, if it's extortion, they're doing a great job sounding legit. Maybe Soylent has a problem sourcing their ingredients from reputable providers? A low cost target was a big part of its appeal, so I could understand if they were aggressive in finding an affordable business partner to provide materials. As an aside, maybe we should try to avoid linking to sites who bar copying article excerpts to the clipboard. A bit ludicrous to suggest that their article's copyright justifies this silly barely-DRM-measure. I suppose Soylent has markings that confess that it "contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm". EDIT: From Soylent's FAQ [1] "This warning is triggered by extremely low levels of the regulated compounds, and as such, the notification is a familiar sight to anyone who has eaten at a restaurant, stayed in a hotel, attended a theme park, or parked in a parking garage in California." [1] https://faq.soylent.com/hc/en-us/articles/204197379 > I wonder what it means, from the standpoint of using or modifying code within the copyright framework, to have this right to "fork your repository?" It's a conflict between the hosting T&S and the copyright of a derivative work. Just because Github says you can, doesn't mean you can. https://github.com/Max00355/HTTPLang/pull/11 Concise, thought-provoking articles. IMO healthcare here in the US is ripe for disruption (regardless of how it's paid for). Maybe the rest of the world too? Additional info beyond the adafruit article: https://github.com/dekuNukem/Amazon_Dash_Button > " innovative cross point structure of perpendicular wires" Are they really "wires"? Or is it fabricated in some kind of 3d litography? This kind of new manufacturing technique strikes me as one that will take some time to mature. But anyways, it's pretty interesting. How could/should OS paging change when this arrives? Do we need another tier or will they just consider this as faster swap? Is this appropriate for other marketplaces where intel doesn't dominate (mobile)? C is excellent in its simplicity. C++ is valuable in its richness. Its richness comes at a price and indeed, fitting it all in one's head is very difficult. also here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10085093 As in "haven't" or are barred by FSF or other policy? It would be nice if those two things which have an important but very subtle distinction had names which were not just the reverse of each other. It seems like despite you explaining this, it would be very easy for one to mistake "zone time" for "time zone". XFS is hands down the best at sustained write speeds. Each time I've stacked it up against the competition it wins. > I simply do not trust XFS enough yet You should give it another look. My team's used it for a mission critical project for over a decade. It's older and more mature than ext4, IMO. For sustained write throughput, it does much better than ext4. That said, many folks have utilization which looks more like random I/O than sequential. I've always lived near the Great Lakes in the US, and in general have never felt the need to filter our tap water. That said, I know others who do (either charcoal or reverse osmosis). I have friends who live on the east coast and they claim their tap water is awful and they typically drink exclusively bottled water. > In a thread w/300+ comments a hitler reference was inevitable Indeed -- it's Godwin's Law[1]! [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law I find that it's easier to submit a PR than ask on HN. Usually omitting a license is an unintentional error. > Now, of course what immediately jumped out at me was how insanely linear this is ... > It may not look like it at first, but there are 741 data points in this graph. No kidding! It looked like the graph was intended as a visual gag with two samples: (0, 0) and (5, 4000). >For example, the latest Raspberry Pi 2 ... handicaped by the IO speed which is limited to USB The ODROID XU4 (referenced specifically by this link) has much better I/O throughput than Pi 2. It's still pretty affordable, too (75-80 USD). > supporting at least 8GB This is less common, but I figure it should arrive within 12-18 months. It is on PyPy and CPython. Which ones don't? And when they don't support it, how do they behave? Return an empty dict or give an error? Keep up the good work. Looking forward to this in a future pypy release. You sound pretty authoritative here, so I'll ask a semi-topical question: are the creative teams the ones driving this kind of development? "We need better fidelity/IQ because I would like this film to look more impressive that previous ones." Or is it more along the lines of Pixar demonstrating industry leadership? Meh, they just need a push in the right direction. If they didn't care to post a license in the first place they might not care which one I pick for them. But you're right, in this case they took the PR as an opportunity to select a license but decided not to take the one I suggested. > 1. TPM on recent Intel hardware is controlled by Intel Management Engine ( http://libreboot.org/faq/#intelme ) which basically acts as a hardware backdoor which cannot be disabled or controlled in most cases. Seems kinda like this point is conceded: "plus there is a pretty high degree of certainty that state security agencies have ways to defeat it (probably by design) ..." Other than perhaps misplaced faith, you're no worse off than you would be without TPM? IIRC D has a GC that you can opt-out of but in practice it's difficult to use its standard library when you do. I'm just repeating a critique that I read, I haven't evaluated them against one another. Having a GC excludes you from some programming domains -- well controlled latency, bootstrapping/operating systems. > I think I can be a software engineer I have no doubt in my mind that you can. Keep at it. > ... not everything I have ever done has been a success > ... algorithms are challenging > ... new javaScript framework every week > ... thousands of other men and women trying to get jobs This may sound rude, but -- no one cares about any of this. All you need is more experience IMO and creating websites or writing software to scratch your own personal itch will be your best investment. > ... willing to keep trying ... until I die Okay, that's probably good. Don't give up. > build using modern web technology ... Using tools like Grunt, Git, GitHub, JIRA are second-nature You mentioned github but don't include a link to your account or any repos on your resume. If you haven't published anything, take time to demonstrate some competence and create a public repo. It will serve as a portfolio that employers can review. > Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Wow -- BusAd? A university degree is so expensive these days. Why spend so much money getting a degree that intersects so little with your interests? Well, regardless, it doesn't matter. For my degree, I learned about automata and all kinds of other stuff that I so rarely apply to work. Just get experience working on software and the career will follow. Is twenty enough parties to give them each confidence that the network is trustworthy? Seems to easily manipulated it only takes a couple of dishonest parties to defraud the rest. Is the AST structure preserved when minifying? If only identifier names and whitespace changed, then it seems like one could verify that the minified matches the original. There's debate in that thread whether this project is satire or not. I must admit it looks remarkably like satire, especially the test suite. That said, I have met some developers who would find this as an advantage and might actually try to put it into use. Generally these are folks who prefer the default soldier-on-in-the-face-of-errors behavior from sh and perl. Great! I had trouble with vmprof at 2.6.0, so I'm looking forward to giving it a try on 2.6.1. > Nobody in the Perl world prefers that, outside of people who are complete newbies I think these are actually old-bies. They don't opt-in to `use strict;` because they like it that way. I suppose they just have an astonishingly high pain threshold. So, how do I manipulate these grains? I created a gitweb repo and I'd like to rename it, etc. But how? > And Gitweb itself should present you with some basic instructions on setting up a webkey to push code to it. Yes, but the name of the repo itself has _RENAME_ME as its suffix and AFAICT there's no way to change it. It seems as if gitlab behaves this way too. EDIT: ok embarassing mistake on my part, it's all clear now. Do you have a reference to the jemalloc issue/tracking for this bug? Or maybe the Redis one at least? Thanks! EDIT: NM, it's clear from the release notes: > "Fix an OOM-related regression in arena_tcache_fill_small(), which could cause cache corruption on OOM. This regression was present in all releases from 2.2.0 through 3.6.0." https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc/issues/98 I think in general it's related to the conceptual shift Sandstorm is trying to drive. There's a lot of touting "control of your own data" and it took a while for that to sink in for me. I think it took so long because it's so different from what I'm used to. It seems like a powerful idea but challenging to make sure your customers' expectations are managed. The sidebar/navbar clearly is part of the strategy, well done there. But the gulf that exists between the specific-app content pane and the sandstorm navbar is the tricky bit. Ok, the problem is that it seems to not work well in a virtualenv, from what I've seen (both 2.6.0 and 2.6.1). Outside of virtualenv, the _vmprof extension gets built automagically, but that step got omitted in the virtualenv install (via pip). In the film it's referred to as "Excalibur". Some of you might be wondering: "Who is this DJB?" I was. Daniel J Bernstein. [1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_J._Bernstein I bought a B&N Nook 9" tablet and put CM on it. It is decent for reading. Later I bought an XPS13 laptop and I find myself using it much more often. Similar weight, great battery life but allows me to surf or code, whatever I feel like at the time. > Is the world ever going to come to grips with the fact that many tens of thousands of thousands of logos and trademarks are registered each year [3], and it's fairly inevitable that some of them will look alike? "This logo was designed by Akisato Ueda for a Japanese drive-in called Azuma in 1975." So, not a big deal methinks. US Code calls for the standard to be confusingly similar and in the same industry. > ditch that business model I think it's great that they're branching out but they didn't stop production on their other models, right? If business doesn't pan out for EcoTank, they won't keep it around. > a) slow hardware/slow software, causing judder or b) poor design which moves the player in ways that cause discomfort Couldn't it just as likely be the inherent conflict between proprioceptual cues and visual cues causing sickness?