I think most people don't even know that much, this isn't something that is deeply covered in most intro to bio courses in college; you have to learn a bit about how DNA is packaged and transcribed which you'd get in upper division courses. At least in the field, there is no confusion. Non-DNA inheritance is inheritance of these epigenetic regulatory states in which you've described, but the term used specifically for this is transgenerational inheritance. I think the existing understanding of evolution is still fine. Darwin wrote, 1.More individuals are produced each generation that can survive. 2. Phenotypic variation exists among individuals and the variation is heritable. 3. Those individuals with heritable traits better suited to the environment will survive. 4. When reproductive isolation occurs new species will form. When Darwin proposed this, he didn't have any idea of molecular genetics, let alone epigenetics. Mendel too wrote about alleles but he didn't know about base pairs of DNA. Evolution really only concerns phenotypic variation, not the underlying basis for it, so it doesn't matter if the variation is due to a genetic or epigenetic change. They do: http://www.newslookup.com/rss/business/bloomberg.rss The probably had to make a lot more compromises having to wait around for inefficient transport, be it bus or borrowing someone's car. The exact same can be said for bicycles. They go the same speed, they have to be used in the street and not the sidewalk, and bicyclists can be just as careless and oblivious on the road. Yet there is no age restriction for riding a bike on a roadway; you can bike down a 45mph road perfectly legally the day you get your training wheels removed. The problem is not the scooters and who rides them, it's the danger posed by cars. Cars have to be physically separated from other forms of transport. Buses should get their own lane to beat car traffic, bikes and other lower speed vehicles like scooters or even runners should stay in the bike lane. This is a transportation issue, not a scooter issue, and you can't fix it with an age restriction. The ones used by bird and lime are around $500. How do accident rates compare for an 18 year old with 2 years of driving experience vs a 50 year old with 2 years of driving experience? Apple would rather you buy a mac at home, a mac in the office, and an ipad for the commute--all tied together and locked in the apple garden with an icloud subscription--than let you get away with all this use out of just one device. These rules are the laws of thermodynamics. The RNA world hypothesis proposes that self-replicating RNA molecules proliferated before DNA, which would be that simpler system as it doesn't require complex protein machinery. It's not corruption, but a lack of professionalism. I'll assume police in the Netherlands see their job as just an occupation rather than an identity. Some people in the U.S. imagine police officers as this 'lawman' figure like a young Clint Eastwood in a poncho rather than just a citizen with a shift job to work like a garbage man. This notion ends up normalizing the artificial 'us vs them' thinking that leads to so many of these escalated situations and tragedies. It doesn't help that movements like blue lives matter seem to be actively engaged in supporting this thinking. Can you only look at your widgets from the springboard? Still, that is terrible and depressing. Factor in maybe 2 hours for all of your meals (If you make them yourself) and you are looking at 17% of your day that's truly yours——less if you have errands. Even in the U.S. if your tips + tipped worker minimum wage fail to reach untipped worker minimum wage, your employer pays the difference (1). 1. https://webapps.dol.gov/elaws/faq/esa/flsa/002.htm I find that no one really bothers with the math anymore. If the bill is $11 most people will just put $1.50 or $2.00 rather than work out a fixed percent. I agree. Tips should be unknown to the employer. This can readily be done even with card transactions; staff usually swipe a card or enter a PIN anyway to use the POS system. One of my biggest hesitations with tipping in places where it is unexpected, like a muffin shop in the OP, is whether the tip goes straight to the employee whose performance I tipped for, split among all staff indiscriminately, or more sinister straight to the employer. >The restaurant doesn't still make money—the under-tipped employees quit to seek better employment, and at the going wage the employer is offering, there is no further demand for that job to replace the employees who have quit. Is this not true with every company in every industry? Pay is a major reason why people leave a job for another. If an employer is struggling to find labor at a low ball price, they will raise their offer. Employers pay the difference between tipped and untipped employee wages if the tips + wage don't beat minimum wage. However in regards to Dunkin Donuts, I'm not sure the employees can even accept or keep any tips themselves. Maybe a Dunkin Donuts regular can comment whether they can accept tips; many franchise restaurants have a no tipping policy. Do you use Square every day? The last time I went somewhere with specifically a Square reader was probably two weeks ago. Even if I went back tomorrow, am I going to remember my last experience enough to judge a tip? Even if I go to the same coffee shop and use the same Square every morning, unless I'm holding a grudge it's de facto back to front end tipping rather than upon services rendered. I think the IRS would spot this from a mile a way. You can't run a ribbon wire to the other side? Every aluminum Macbook makes your palms sweaty, the aluminum body is designed to shed heat. Even a charging iPhone can get very hot just browsing HN. I don't think Apple has ever produced a machine that runs cool to the touch. Don't think about the wiring in your neighborhood then You don't have to stab someone in the heart to kill them. You can definitely nick the femoral artery or damage the windpipe/jugular with a fork. Dead in minutes. Huh? Are you 8 feet tall? I still don't think the iPad is enough even for most consumers. The competition for the iPad pro is the surface, which has more I/O that people would actually use (see that nice USB-A port and headphone jack?) but importantly comes with a full featured OS that everyone has been using for decades. I could see people moving to a surface type device over a laptop because it has a full featured OS, but iOS is just too limiting. Look at how ridiculous the 1 foot iPad looks with two fingers worth of space between every icon; its just too rigid of an OS to support all the different workflows people might have in their jobs. I think people have used iOS long enough to see that it's pretty limited as far as file management goes. The great multitasking of the iPad is still limited to split screening just two apps, a big step down in productivity from even classic MacOS of the 90s. The overlay link for reddit takes up 1/3 the screen, and the link to hide it is in 9pt font at the edge while clicking anywhere else opens the App store. There is a HN app that displays all the stories (safari popup for links) Anecdotally, plenty of my friends have 16gb phones still, and often are deleting and reinstalling apps like instagram/snapchat/anything you can dispense for a few days to free up storage to actually use the device. Want to record a 2 minute video? Better delete an app or else recording will abruptly cease. While I still had a 16gb phone, it got to the point where I wasn't reliably getting emails pushed to the device because it was always full, yet I had only a small handful of apps. This isn't 2010 where everyone wants the top 25 apps, and could actually install them since they weren't hitting 100mb each. Inflation of app sizes and continued premiums on useful storage amounts from Apple has been forcing people to cut the fat and keep only the most essential apps installed. Even if you had a large iCloud account for your photos or texts to reside off your device, you still need local storage for apps. >Anyone know why this hasn't been implemented yet? The same story for anything. The market pressure to precipitate this change isn't there yet. Basic economics. There's no reason why farmers should switch to more expensive feed even if its better for the environment or cows. At least near term they will end up selling the same meat for a higher price to compensate for the feed, will sell less meat due to the price, ultimately hurting profits, and the plan will be scorned until it's abandoned. It doesn't even matter that seaweed is cheap and resource-light to farm, nor does it matter that only a small amount of this compound needs to be put in the feed. Shareholders will not tolerate more overhead unless forced. This is the perfect place for government action to incentivize switching to this kind of feed, be it subsidy or tax break. Pollution is sadly profitable, and corporations need to be either fined for polluting or incentivized for reducing pollution; shareholders rarely see beyond quarterly profits, let alone the great economic consequences of pollution a century down the line. That's the thing, quantity of 'acceptable' quality of work is valued over how high that quality might be. The minimum time is taken to proof and bugfix, because failures are addressed after they've already come up in order to pump out more product in shorter time. It's velocity, and high enough velocity overcomes any setback that affects a companies pocketbook. Entry level and middle management is burned out but quickly turned over and refilled with fresh meat from each graduating class, those that suffer through and keep up their velocity move up, eventually reaching a point in their career where they don't have to worry about their own output but rather the output of those under them. Your immediate manager in your garage will surely understand the value of your work, but your CEO is only concerned with getting to the absolute minimum time a truck is sitting in your garage idle rather than moving product on the highway, and your manager is probably fighting him on keeping or raising minimum time every quarter. Hustling would be if your dad was buying more and more cars at a time, making more and more profit, eventually reaching a point where if he were to flip more cars he would need to hire people, and doing so. Hustling is exponential growth, not stopping at comfortable profits. It would probably just confuse HR directors and your application would get passed over. The problem is, this is affecting every industry. I have friends in accounting for instance, and if you aren't prompt with your emails over the weekend, if you aren't early at work and late to leave, etc, you will not be promoted. I have friends in law and its the same thing; If you aren't putting up 55+ hr weeks, you are going to get an awkward reference and won't get your next job. The problem is universal in early careers, and entirely absent in mid to late careers. We all know that for X amount of entry level hires there's only Y amount at the top of the food chain, but when people are being pushed out of the field for not being able to devote all their available waking hours to an entry level position rather than rewarding real skill and prowess, the situation is completely untenable. In 25 years, senior positions won't be filled by the most clever or bright workers, but whoever was able to slog through being overworked and underpaid and put their life on hold for their first 15 years out of college. When cancer metastasizes, that means newly divided cells from the tumor have penetrated the blood stream or lymph system, and are circulating around the body. They will accumulate and grow anywhere that they happen upon if the conditions for growth are favorable. The primary tumor isn't packing up and migrating, it is rooted in place like a tree. A cancer cell circulating through your body doesn't seek to get to the lung, it just might happen to end up there and it might grow well there and form a new tumor, like an acorn falling off a tree. Some acorns will fall into rich soil, some will fall on pavement or get eaten. You can't coax acorns to fall squarely into your bucket, and even if you did you still have the tree to deal with. This is the clonal evolution model of cancer, and is how many solid tumors are comprised and treated. The danger is that the selective advantage for the cancer cell is often by masking itself as a healthy cell to the immune system, which complicates treatments but this interaction can still be targeted (see PD-1). You are looking at human readable and annotated code, not what is compiled for the computer to run. Imagine finding bugs by looking at binary. DNA is more complex than 1 or 0, it could be ATCG. There are 3.2 billion nucleotides in the human genome, and we are still a long way from understanding the nuances of the DNA 'programming language.' Ironically, that old 11" air is better than the Macbook > Most people are too distracted to even pay attention, let alone do something about it. This is by design. As long as it's profitable to exploit labor, nothing will change. It is far far easier to keep people distracted and blind to all of this than it is to make them 'wake up,' or make any changes to their lives. In a song with 49 million plays on Spotify alone, Kanye West said "Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away," right around the time when Nike was getting serious heat from its labor conditions overseas The share price did not move. And in the modern U.S., the very same can happen to the working poor if they loose their job, or an unforeseen expense comes up to make paying for life's necessities suddenly impossible. Perhaps even at the same rate that a natural famine once every decade or so has killed off the poor; last season at least 80,000 people died in the U.S. from the flu [1], a disease that disproportionately affects the working poor and homeless due to poorer overall health. Not much has changed for the poor in this modern world even if they aren't subsistence farmers. [1] https://www.cnn.com/2018/09/26/health/flu-deaths-2017--2018-... Companies just won't advertise that they are made using exploitative conditions. The 'ethically made' technology label will have the same fate as organic, fair trade, etc. type labels: it will be priced out of reach for the vast majority of consumers. Those in silicon valley with their Model 3 and sustainable earwax-based soaps will rave about their latest ethical laptops, while the rest of the country saves up income for years to buy the cheapest new model computer available and strives to make it work as long as possible. Most consumers are already well priced out of paying more for preference or good conscious. Take it another step. Dreadful conditions are allowed to fester due to a lack of human rights in China, which is maintained as a status quo solely because shareholders in western companies demand infinite growth and profit. These companies came to Chinese factory owners with a price for labor already in mind; they would have payed to move production to anywhere in the world with the lowest costs for labor and material acquisition. Better labor conditions in China starts with western companies requiring better labor conditions to do business, and western companies accepting the resulting higher costs. Until shareholders accept smaller profits, this won't change no matter where in the world it occurs. You sound like an imperialist from the 1800s. Sure the factory job pays better than the field, but this doesn't excuse cruelty to the worker. No one is arguing that these factories shouldn't have been built. No one is arguing that these jobs don't pay more. The concern is the conditions for the worker are simply inhumane and the companies commissioning this work should be held responsible for knowingly profiting off this behavior. These would be Apple-owned factories, not Foxconn's, if Apple hadn't figure out they can pass the blame to rights abuses to whoever's name is on the building. No shareholder will agree to cut profits. The price of sustainability will be tacked on top of existing profit margins, as it is in all products where it is relevant. Like all sustainable products, it will be available only to those X% income levels who can afford to pay the premium on sustainable products. Because their cousin is sick. Because they want their daughter to go to school in the city and move up the socioeconomic ladder. Because their parents are injured and can no longer work. These jobs require sacrificing all of your personal freedom to support others. They require enduring human rights abuses themselves to so others don't have to work this very job. The reasons why farmers are leaving their fields isn't for their personal well being at all, it is altruism. The intensity of farm work isn't even comparable. You aren't toiling in the fields doing the same exact thing for hours every day, every month, every year like you do in a factory. Most labor happens during harvest and planting seasons, maintenance labor throughout the year is focused on improving your living conditions or other local projects, something you can't do if you are working for the factory. Unfortunately, things come up that can only be fixed with immediate or continued access to capital, so you have to send one of your family members hundreds of miles away to work in a factory to fuel an emergency fund. The problem with farm work isn't the work, it's the lack of enough pay to deal with disaster. I don't think there is anything that consumers could do when the entire market is supported by this model. This is something that will have to be driven by government regulation, not the market that benefits from this system. The best thing you could do is support politicians who care about these human rights abuses, and who don't care about angering shareholders. I'm not sure what point you are trying to make here? desirability = wage - working conditions? Apple paying marginally more than another job doesn't excuse the working conditions in the factory. There isn't a formula that makes subhuman conditions acceptable. I work in biology, and barring the simplest scripts everything computational we do is run on the university supercomputer because its waaaay faster and cheaper than keeping expensive hardware up to date ourselves, in fact I can get away with just using my phone and the supercomputer if I REALLY wanted. I know in video editing, similar 'rendering farms' are used instead of the top spec personal machines of yore. How long until developers also adopt this philosophy of remote computing, or is the switch already happening? But evidently flu deaths are not so rare. Just as starving to death is a consequence of economics for the farmer, dying of the flu is a consequence of economics for the poor in the United States. One cannot pay for food during a famine, and the other cannot pay for health services during the yearly epidemic. > It's like the whole web has turned in to this pool of mud and no-one realises what it was like before. Every website is trying to reinvent the wheel. Foolish! I hate the grid/huge amount of white space layout that is so pervasive now. Websites that have their information in a nice and clean, condensed list view are unicorns now. Condensed lists are literally the best layout to convey information in a given space, take a look at how outlook or apple mail gives you the exact same information in their super condensed list views as they do in the 'mobile friendly' expanded view, except they give you much more information at a time without having to endlessly scroll. It would be acceptable if I was literally using my elbow to tap on a touchscreen, but I'm using a mouse and keyboard and I can comfortably click on something 10 pixels wide. Take a look at any of the half dozen or so food delivery service websites. On my 13" screen on grubhub, I can see 5 search results at a time. 5! Each result takes up 1 full inch of screen real estate when it could be one single line of text. If it was single spaced, that would be 40 lines and therefore 40 results I could view at a time. But because the modern web is designed to be accommodating for a 500lb gorilla to poke at a touchscreen, I have to deal with only being able to see 1/8 the information that I could potentially see. Just have your narrow width as your second browser size. One double click on the tab bar in firefox and you are there. I have a big monitor too but I kinda hate full screen browser windows just because no website is really made for it. Either the line width gets out of control, or it just wraps anyway and I have two huge swaths of blank space on each side of the content. Skip the pi, just grab an outlet timer from the hardware store for a couple bucks. I've never understood why the model isn't for self driving public buses. This should be the primary focus. More riders in one vehicle lowers costs for running the service itself as well as greatly cheapening wide area coverage abilities. We all love the on-demand, single rider model that Lyft pioneered, but it also isn't sustainable with traffic demands increasing every year with population. Machine learning and productive partnerships with city traffic officials will ensure buses are routed on sensible routes that could be changed with demand without inconveniencing riders. Strictly protected bus lanes would also simplify the programming needed to maneuver a self driving vehicle through traffic. It's not trivial when we don't even know what sort of regulation will be required to maintain these vehicles' road legal status, let alone banking on future economies of scale. Would it be a simple license fee? Perhaps an inspection? An age requirement on the vehicle? Or perhaps the worst (and very possible) outcome, mandating that an undistracted driver be sitting behind the wheel at all times, ready to take control. It would take one trivial piece of legislation to turn this technology into a souped up cruise control rather than the world changing technology that its backers insist that it is. How could you even fight that sort of regulation without your argument boiling down to 'we promise we don't need human oversight.' One lazy 'think of the children!' retort later, and it's banned faster than mango juul pods. I don't understand the investor confidence here. To me this seems like basic research, critical for future technological developments, but a cash sink with no guarantee for profitability. Is this just a rat race between the giants throwing cash at this? >but I don't see any cities approaching it from the other direction. Can you blame them? There's barely money to maintain existing infrastructure, let alone rework it. It doesn't matter if it would pay for itself in 25 years, if that were the case we would be powered by 100% nuclear power years ago, investors don't bite on those numbers and republicans don't pass those budgets. Maybe the driverless car players should work with the cities to improve infrastructure. They have all the capital, after all. However that logical reasoning isn't how the valley plays ball. Look at bird, look at uber, look at any 'pioneer' service entering these cities. They stomp their way into markets without trying to reach out to local governments and work with them, the city officials of course are annoyed and pass unproductive regulations, then the tech companies throw a tantrum and plead their pitiful case to their users. It's childish behavior that wastes everyone's time and money. The market is eating itself. The old adage was that if you wanted your competitor's market share, you had to design a better product. You can now get away with selling a worse product, if your advertising convinces consumers that the previous model is worthless or the competitor's product is poor. The pricing data here supports that negative advertising goes a lot further than positive advertising. What is the incentive to pay for good product design or innovation if it's more profitable to pay off reviewers and advertisers to lie for you? Why develop a valuable product when you can so easily lie about its actual value? We are moving out of an age of engineering and into an age of advertising and snake oil. This is exactly the danger. Morally egregious, but extremely effective advertising for the large swaths of uneducated and ill-informed. What is to stop a private corporation from polluting national discourse? Apparently nothing, now that Facebook has taken the drivers seat spreading loony conspiracy theories. This Russian playbook is public knowledge now, and intimately studied for better or worse. Opinion articles are labelled as such and are written in a different style and tone than other articles. They are written as an argument, not an objective presentation of an event. How do you deal with sleeping? Every time I sit somewhere with my head supported, I begin to drift off. Doesn't matter if I slept in, or if I've had two cups of coffee. If my head is stabilized, it's over for me. I used to do this but meetings became unbearable with the urge to pee striking every hour. Are you my cat? Because science isn't about belief, its about reasoning. One person having a good response to something doesn't say anything about that something, that person, or that good response. Only after things have been repeatedly tested, and alternative explanations thoroughly ruled out, can a claim be considered accurate. Everything was once alternately laughable or mysterious, until it was thoroughly proven to be true. There is a reason why we aren't letting your blood because you have a cold anymore. One person randomly having a favorable outcome doesn't tell you if a result is great, let alone even exists. You are the one signing to an open office job, after all. > maybe there is some evolutionary reason behind this. This mechanism for which you speak is known as "placebo" Try just taking a walk every hour before you shell out for a desk that may or may not help you. It is much easier to maintain focus for a whole day if you take small breaks every hour as well, and it helps with eyestrain to focus at far distances if you are in front of a monitor all day. I've never seen a stack of textbooks wobble. Although they might cost more than the desk! Because people get bored reading articles with neutral tone. We are talking about a choice of desk, after all. Extremes in language are much more satisfying to read, consciously or not, and the ad money proves this. We knew that facebook was a business, with growing users. How are you supposed to add users and grow a network if its is constantly broken apart for ideological reasons? What happens when mining slows to a stalemate? What happens when the expenses to open new operations are too high even for the largest miners? Nowhere to be found. I kid you not, the government tried to start a nationalized crypto. Many are just using other currencies like the Colombian peso. Even today bitcoin is a serious energy concern. Currently the network uses as much energy as Denmark, while commanding a 0.033% share of cashless transactions. Which countries will bitcoin surpass in energy usage in 2019 as mining gets exponentially more difficult by design? Being in college around 2014, everyone knew bitcoin because that's how you got your ID for bars. It also ruined the concept. In its most innocent terms, bitcoin is for sending money to people. What happens when person A has all their wealth tied up in Bitcoin Cash #1 and person B has it all in bitcoin cash #2. What coin does person C who wants to send something to person D use? With every new coin, the argument for switching to bitcoin for transactions weakens. How do you know how to position if up and down is determined by random bouts of speculative buying? Or in this case, egos clashing in a completely different crypto. There is so much more data and tangible information to guide you with traditional investments which may also have their speculative runs, but are more often based on the objective success of an asset that can be easily estimated, determined, and predicted. > Short of locking them up, what do you do with those people? Give them access to mental health services. I don't know why you are vilifying government housing, it is very obviously the solution. Housing initiatives have always been a target for budgetary looting by politicians looking to solidify their legacy with more glamorous and superficial endeavors, but properly managed they are the only way for affordable housing to happen in cities that are already grossly affordable even for full time workers. The market will never fix this, either. Why should a developer spend money to build something and wait far longer (if ever) to recoup their initial investment from affordable rental rates, when they can just price right along with the market and be out of the red sooner? Real estate booms and crashes, no one wants to wait for their goose to lay its first egg a decade after the local real estate market cools off. The market always favors the most rapid turn around on investment, and in cities like SF where tech companies gladly hand 22 year olds more money than they've ever seen, the quickest and safest buck for a developer are these cheap, fast, luxury builds that can command rents at the top of the market because the units smell like new paint. The current favorite strategy among local governments is to offer developers large tax incentives to tack on a small percentage of low income units along with the luxury build. It is hardly even a half measure, as the rest of the luxury build will surge the rest of the local real estate market. Instead of offering tax incentives to attract luxury developers, local governments should instead let the market dictate what level of luxury building will be profitable, and focus on building low income municipal housing that is properly managed, and it's budget protected from raiding. Maybe something modern, and modular such that a family unit can be cheaply reconfigured into studios as demand dictates. In my city, the downtown YMCA has low income apartments in the dozen or so floors above the recreation facilities, and it works to keep these residents off the streets and employed. That's because the music subscription service was designed from the ground up to be exactly unlike the previous music business model; in fact the spotify model boils down to legal napster. The problem is when something really has no reason to not be a one time purchase, like companies on instagram charging me $15 a month to send me three new pairs of socks twice a quarter, or maybe they mail me a wooden box once a month with some woodsy smelling beard oil, a leather flask, and a small axe. Software is moving this way too; but I'm still in the camp that would shell out $25 for a program as is that would still work on my machine decades later even if the company folds or puts out another version, than pay $2 a month for something that might not work at all or fundamentally change its functionality in a year. No one knows what the hell you are talking about with the word "deck." How about "Presentation?" It won't be too long in the future when the most productive farms are run by a couple local people who maintain the equipment, and every current labor-based task handling the livestock or produce is completely automatic. Imagine the power of knowing exactly every perturbation that a given crop or animal might have experienced and compare it to its yield. Eliminating variables like the productivity of the individual farmhand would go a long way to better control and extend our food supply. I hate the direction they are moving with the port situation on their products, which is to nickel and dime you for the privilege of using different connections. I can buy a brand new iPhone and macbook, and come home with no way to connect them with the supplied cables, I need to buy a dongle. I can't use the same headphones with my computer and phone anymore, either; apple doesn't include the 3.5mm dongle with their phones anymore and instead would gladly tack on $10 for 1-inch of cable that should have never existed on this earth in the first place. I believe the 7 was the slimmest iPhone. The notch phones are noticeably heavier as well. The blutooth headphone is a different device than a regular headphone. They have worse sound quality, which might not be so noticable, but they also have to pair and the wireless connection isn't reliable. The headphones are also another device that needs to be charged and has a battery, and in the case of the AirPods, the battery is in bad shape after a year and the device must be replaced. In the case of the ports you've mentioned, there were other improved connections to move towards. The blutooth headphone is not improved over the 3.5mm cable unless you are so vehemently opposed to the idea of a cable that you would live with its shortcomings. Market leaders like Apple and Samsung have made investments into this market (beats, for example), and to try and dominate market share are extorting their users into buying extraneous, disposable accessories that aren't an objective improvement of existing standards, all while parading the recycled content of their latest 128gb dual core laptops. No, but the editor insisted on some SEO. The battery degrades pretty badly in a year. Removing the audio jack improved peripheral sales and helped dominate wireless headphone market share. This wasn't an engineering decision. Adderal, its everywhere, and not much in the way of side effects. Taking it while you are in the thick of a task is the way to do it; once it sets in you are working at 150% pace with undivided focus. This is the drug of the future. Much more sustained focus from caffeine, and no stomach discomfort or nausea that you might encounter with high caffeine doses. This drug, along with ritalin, are designed such that you can't get a high enough concentration of the drug in your blood to trigger any physical dependence or tolerance. Plenty of my friends have prescriptions, and doctors generally prescribe enough to be on the drug every waking hour for a month, whereas they might only need to take it a couple times a week for focusing on a specific task, so people whose ADD symptoms are milder tend to build up a surplus. How do you have time in your day for this? I'd really like to see your hour by hour to see if I can make more time in my own day. I wake up for work before the sun rises, and by the time I get back home this time of year, its been set for about 2 hours. Work in preparing dinner, errands or chores, and trying to get in 8 hours of sleep, I'm left with maybe 2-3 hours where I don't have to be doing something or going somewhere in a given weekday. Sure, I could have a side project or a hobby in that time, but then my day would be entirely occupied without any flexibility for if something comes up. All through college I told myself 6 hours of sleep was fine, that I could catch up on the weekends, but now my sleep schedule seems to be wrecked so 8 hours is nonnegotiable until I stop feeling so exhausted all day. Do you cook for yourself? Cooking is one of my biggest time sinks. It takes me like 45 minutes to whip up some eggs and pack a lunch for the morning. Dinner is around double that between cooking the dish, eating it, and cleaning. What is your commute like? I can bike to work in 15 mins but now its too cold and icy for that, and it takes 45 minutes to drive through rush hour and park (and I'm bent over with the parking pass situation near work). Lately, I've been using the bus, which is hundreds of dollars cheaper than maintaining the parking pass, but no faster. Somehow, I live only 1.5 miles away. >That selection post excludes personally identifying information. How would you select a candidate this way? A CV is a document comprised entirely of personally identifying information and potential sources of bias. Would you ask for the CV when you invite them to interview, and invite everyone who applies? You certainty couldn't ask for recommendations until after the interview as well. Interestingly, Portland is roughly the same size as Helsinki and Washington, DC, but only has 10,000 city employees from what I can find (1), although there is probably much more incoming traffic into DC or Helsinki on a given day than Portland, which would require more city upkeep. (1) https://www.portlandoregon.gov/oehr/article/595121 Communication skills are tested in the interview. Interviews are valuable. Being able to communicate effectively about your work, especially to a stranger, is competence. Going off of pure resume and cover letter fluff, lots of candidates can clearly do the job, but only in the interview do you see if a candidate can confidently leverage their experiences to solve new problems. If you want an interview to favor a higher level of competence, do away with the hiring managers. Have candidates interviewed by their equally titled peers, or members of the group the candidate would be working most closely with. People who not only have a technical background, but an understanding of how the specific job actually works day to day. There really is no pressing need to ever own a house. What do I get with ownership over renting? Sure, the mortgage payments might be cheaper than a given rent, and perhaps the local housing market might work in my favor, but perhaps it won't! I might one day own a house, but that's not going to happen for at least a decade or more until my position rises from entry level to middle to a high-enough level where I actually have the liquid capital for a down payment on something worth dealing with a long term mortgage for, and have enough money set aside to deal with potential catastrophic repair or even just regular maintenance. Right now, if I come home and my roof is caved in, the floor is flooded, or my PSU explodes away half the house, I'm gonna shrug and call my landlord and renters insurance agency, and let them solve all these catastrophic problems on their time and their dime/ I'm in no hurry to get one, so I don't see a point to save specifically for a house at the expense of efficiency (spending 15 minutes to order and eat a meal vs. 1hr+ cooking one), or other more fruitful investment opportunities than home ownership. Not to mention, it would make moving around for better employment much more involved and stressful if I had a house I needed to sell or rent out in order to leave the city. You aren't going to make much of dent into a housing savings forgoing occasional $8 carry out and the cheapest beers at the bar in your 20s. Why would you not buy a house as an investment? If you aren't looking to get a return you might as well rent and have your hands away from the duties and risks of property ownership. People have retirement accounts. People aren't taking cash out of their 401k early to get drunk with their friends on Friday (I hope). People in their 20s and 30s just aren't seeing much of a need to set aside otherwise disposable or earmarked money to one day use it all on a down payment for something that you don't NEED to ever actually own. People aren't paid according to the GDP of the United States. I guess it comes down to what considerations you value more. Personally, I'd still take the instability because I value the flexibility much more at this point in my life. Living wage jobs are much harder to secure without a college degree, full stop. I read a headline today that in the Inland Empire, 50% of jobs do not pay a living wage. People are much more specialized in their professions now as well. I might be able to find a relevant job in every city, but in some cities that might be the only employer, and there is no incentive for loyalty toward your employer, and you make much more leveraging your existing salary for a better job at another company than waiting for a raise or title change at your present one. You are so much better off living in a place where you can easily get a new job under a different employer in your field without having to find a new apartment and plan a relocation as well, not to mention being in a larger network and the innumerable opportunities that gives you. Very true, but the life of a post war baby was very different than someone who grew up during the great depression, or during the roaring 20s, or any other time. It is useful to bin people into groups facing similar environmental and temporal situations, it makes comparisons and tracking a given bin of people through time easier. >Philosophers, novelists, sociologists, anthropologists, and economists used to define, study, and critique generational divides before advertising became such a pervasive part of the modern economy And they still do... Housing prices has risen more in some areas than others for sure, but the trend of housing rapidly outpacing wages still holds when looking at much larger data sets. That just shows profit margins on builds haven't changed. It doesn't matter if you are technically getting the same price per square foot on the house if you can't afford the homes available on the market. Container tabs are so clunky in practice, they really need a lot of work. Google something in your Google container, click a link, and instead of just directing to the link, the link is opened in a new tab and the search result tab is closed instantly. You can't go back to the results, you have to unclose the tab. Container tabs also were terrible if you needed a persistent login. My school proxy for journal subscriptions has like half a dozen redirects with different URL names, I either had to not use containers here or add an exception for every step in the login process that it would break because of the container system. I hated constantly running into problems with containers breaking websites and making browsing so cumbersome that I stopped using them entirely. Like some of the esoteric Adblocker configurations favored here, they are good in principle, but in practice break 50% of websites on the internet without spending serious time crafting exceptions for every issue you run into on every new site you find. > « Container Tabs » doesn’t build trust in user’s mind. You’re always one click away from sending data with the wrong profile. Which users are you referring to, the ones who read HN and use firefox with containers? Most non-technical people would think you told them a conspiracy theory if you said Facebook can track their browsing outside the site, let alone be aware of that possibility enough to install firefox then install and configure containers. People who know about these risks and are installing extensions like containers are already conscious of their exposure on the web and are doing their due diligence not to leave much-identifying information out there, to begin with. The sad truth is we write, and comment, and endlessly debate security best practices here that only get used by people reading this forum or small, highly technical and specific corners of Reddit. You are totally right to say this, but local government is the rule of the vocal NIMBY that actually shows up to council meetings, and makes headaches for government officials not working to their beck and call. Local government exists to appease these ignorant few because no one else votes in the elections. A big problem with these is how unsteady they are. I've seen them topple like cards in barely a gust. The first company to do this is the first one that's dead in the water. Right now many users have both apps on their phones since they are functionally identical. Add a con to one, and the userbase will jump ship. If its the least bit warm any longer than 15 minutes and you are gonna have some sweat. I used to bike to work year round before these and I'm not eager to go back. Biking for 2 hours on the weekend is enjoyable, showing up to work sweaty and coming home exhausted five days a week was not. Hills are not fun! I feel safer on one of these too; the acceleration can be handy in emergency situations where you'd otherwise be barely up to speed on a bike, in the wrong gear, etc. Like any gig economy job, people have gotten religious at it. There's a guy by my neighborhood who drives slowly with a brand new sprinter van while another loads the scooters into the moving vehicle. There is no shortage of people willing to rack up $100 a day on the side. Have you ridden one? Ahh, yes. It was the companies who rode them on the sidewalks. I grew up in a statistically diverse school district, but in practice, it was socially segregated, in that most kids hung out with their own demographic almost exclusively. People can be just as racist or bigoted in a diverse environment, the only requirement for developing these prejudices is people seeing themselves as exclusive members of a demographic clique which can happen in Tennessee or New York City just as easily. You can get things done on a train that you can't if you need to focus on walking or biking. By the time I arrive at work I've gotten through my emails and read the days headlines. As an employee, I'd rather work in a place where I can get a relevant job from dozens of different employers, made easier by overlapping networks, versus a city where I could only really work at 1 or 2 places. You can definitely have fun visiting Nashville, but if I moved there I'd quickly run out of new places to discover; nightlife and entertainment are concentrated in a few places and activities. You use your truck for utility, many people use them for vanity. I'd love to find more examples of org mode used in the sciences! Any for molecular/cell biology type work? Very few cities have a functional downtown. In the 3 major cities in Ohio, for instance, the downtown areas were vacated when people fled to suburbs. Malls and shops closed, and blocks were leveled for surface parking. Walkability was killed in favor of drives from the suburbs. Aside from one or two streets near major sports arenas with a couple gentrified bars, downtown businesses open for lunch hour and close by 6. I imagine this is the same in much of the U.S. that isn't known for the urban living scene. Where is it? There are areas of NYC and Los Angeles where you will find new cafes/restaurants/bars/clubs/shops on every block. You can set out walking a direction into the unknown and have a pretty decent night, knowing you will run into these attractions in every nook, not just the main drags, and despite living there for years you can discover new places every single day. In Nashville, would I have to uber around to disconnected, well known hotspots? How long until I know of every bar in Nashville that has people in it on a Friday night? I want to be able to constantly discover in my own city, not just when I go on trips out of town. Or maybe people in rural areas are more likely to be financially secure and own their property. There are many more impoverished people in cities who would skew a 'happiness' survey for a city. It would be interesting to compare people with similar takehome pay rural to urban. And you'd be surprised at how much comes from fear vs. data and reason. I bought my car 8 years ago for $5000. To date, it cost me around $2000 in maintenance, and I give it $30 a month in gas. Car insurance and registration are roughly $500 a year. Add up all these costs, and on average I pay ~$150 a month to own and operate my car, and that's ignoring the fact I can probably still sell this car for $3000-5000. Either the math on that website is way off, or a new car is truly the worst investment you can make in your life. Cars are fundamentally, egregiously inefficient. Most of their use comes from one person going to one place using one of their 5+ seats, yet automakers have to design an engine powerful enough to move 5+ people, and the 3000lbs of the car. A scooter only needs enough energy to move one person plus the 15lbs of the scooter. Older generations are blind to this fact because their entire life they've been sold the idea that they need to buy and spend money moving and storing a 3000lb hunk of metal with them every single day. Imagine paying money to go somewhere, knowing full well the major percent of that money is going to move a ton+ of material, and only a fraction is spent to move your physical body; you'd be outraged, but that is what a car is. White backgrounds have less glare with my monitors, and I'm not one to work without a lamp as I live off a legal pad. I haven't gotten eye strain in over a decade since I started using f.lux. I used to be really into night mode in high school, but that didn't really last as back then, extensions like this were clunky and screwed up websites (eg, not all black font would switch to white, or the implementation would just invert the colors on the page, including images). There's an IT 'dungeon' at my workplace, and all of their screens are in a dark mode theme although the IT people there do not use any lights in that room besides the glow of their monitors, and maybe 10 feet of multicolored string lights in one of the corners so you aren't running into desks. They even have blackout curtains over the windows. The first time I walked into that room trying to find someone, I assumed it was empty, lights off, and everyone went home, but there were a dozen people in there working like that! I'd feel like I crawled out of a cave every time I left the room if I worked in that environment. Good lighting keeps me awake as well. Quotes are one of many operators google has for search (1). You can build very powerful search arguments with a handful of easy to use operators. Sometimes taking the time to type in the proper operators can save you much more time by bringing you to the content you are looking for faster. https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en Snail mail is already gotten. I get junk mail from 8 different past tenants at my unit, and I'm sure I'm still getting junk mail at all my old addresses. Google your name right now, and I guarantee you will find your address and other personal info on one of those dime a dozen background check sites, because companies have operated under the philosophy that your phone numbers and physical addresses are public facing information that you could find in a phone book, and are free to sell or pass along. And based on the bellyaching from tech companies from that piece of legislation, it will remain in Europe. Emails, sure, but plenty of people read and continue to read newspapers, or review their printed material or notes. One of the great pleasures for Republican state governments is to hobble liberal city government initiates in any way possible, whether that be withholding funding or outlawing logical courses of action. I do not want to live in a place with regressive red state politics that are always in such conflict with the progressive goals of cities. Less than 200 calories burned from these activities, not a good source of regular exercise. safety pin near the top + carabiner = instant easy access keys That seems pretty dangerous. Why not just have the car beep at you? IIRC for the Audi 5000s it was because the brake and throttle were too close and your foot or floormat frequently got stuck on top of the throttle. People would shift out of park not realizing this and go flying, not any kind of software or security issue. My neighborhood just got hit with a string of robberies from inside cars. Not one window was smashed; the thieves can simply use a thin piece of metal slid between the window and door to enter vehicles about as quick as someone with a key, just like what police do if you locked your key inside the car. So you have to pull your keys out of your pocket and stick them in your microwave every time you enter your house just to have the convenience of not needing to take them out of your pocket when you approach the car. Everything is risk vs. reward in life. Yeah, for the thief, maybe. This is a classic example of tech attempting to eliminate a mild inconvenience that no one really complained about before, and clumsily engineering a 'solution' that causes a dozen other novel and catastrophic problems in the process. American cars have always been notorious for this. You can unlock and start some American cars with a flathead screwdriver. They don't issue recalls for every mechanical catastrophe, and they don't ignore them for software issues either. When an automaker has a problem that merits a recall, it's because very careful accounting has indicated it is cheaper to roll out the recall than it would be to litigate or settle in court, not from any kind of good faith action. Even Audi would have never had that recall if only just a handful of people were injured or died from the issue. Is another 8gb of RAM or 128gb of storage worth $200 each? I guess it is when you have no option to upgrade it after purchase. Apple doesn't do the decency to give you proper hardware either, opting for previous generation processors and a keyboard who's reliability is still up in the air even after their third attempt. Apple is further undermining their lofty pricepoint each product release. Ironically, I've never gone to blockbuster and failed to find what I was looking for on the shelves. Meanwhile, staples that brought me to Netflix disappear regularly. I've been a subscriber to Netflix since it was a mail order service, and that original hope that there would be one repository with all the content--literally online blockbuster--never materialized, and I fear at this point it never will. I wonder why Spotify was able to easily and immediately license practically everything; it's not like Columbia and Atlantic records are exclusive to one service or another like with video content producers. Have you considered that nothing really changed with how much attention people give to movies? You are only looking at your friend's behavior, and assuming that the story would change if you lived in another decade. You can't rule out that even in the days where movies were only shown in a theater, that maybe 10% of the audience was paying enough attention to truly appreciate the film and not distracted with other thoughts. Being an active and engaged watcher is difficult work, and it can be as hard as analytical reading for many people. Cell phones and the internet also didn't invent trite, low effort, distracting content; that stuff is as old as writing. Is it just as legally risky to go to a store with a little mechanical counter and count heads? It’s astounding to me that this same country with HIPAA laws protecting name, ethnicity, age, and any identifying information in hospital records has nothing on the books to guard that very same information which can easily be bought and sold if it came from anywhere other than a hospital. Evidently that doesn’t damage your public support anymore. That doesn't mean people didn't feed the journalist heavy handed speculation to make a profit from short positions. Everyone named in the article took a price hit that week. If you knew this article was coming you'd be well positioned for easy profit. If you were a bad-faith source you would have anticipated this and profited from the movement in both directions. Short when the article is released, then take your profit and buy at an artificially low price. I think this is very realistic. These days prices move purely on speculation much more than they do on metrics like P/E. A source could have been in a short position, then after taking profit after the article was released could have bought up cheap shares. Thinking about the readership of Bloomberg, anything they publish will have a much larger market impact than an article in Ars. I think Bloomberg was played like a fiddle. The same is true for every nuclear weapon. Tech crunch is not financial news, its no surprise they fix on stock price as if it was the end all, be all metric for a business. IIRC as the shuttle lands the nose tilts upwards, and it slows down due to the air resistance of the underside face of that delta-shaped wing. Intraday trading is much less risky than holding a position overnight. A lot of movement happens in the first and last 30 mins of trading, and over lunch. You can exit unproductive positions quickly, whereas if you couldn't day trade you'd only be able to sit and watch how the cards are falling. Everyone does if you have less than 25k in your account and do more than 4 day trades in a 7 day period > Their whole business is to encourage folks that should not be day trading to day trade Trading for most people used to be deliberately obtuse. $7.5 commission per trade is criminal for most people, so is charging $50 a month to get a weekly email with basic technical analysis, but that's literally been the bread and butter of retail investing for decades and no one bats an eye to how deliberately ridiculous it all is. Robinhood drops all the barriers from buying stocks, gives you a warning before they even let you touch options, and they are the evil here? This is like saying venmo is dumb because it lets people wipe out their checking account quicker than writing a check; don't blame the company for idiotic users. Robinhood doesn't even let you day trade more than 4x in a given week unless you have 25k in your trading account, just like every brokerage. Kroger is starting to do these meal kits. They are within 5 feet of the door and serve two, and all cook in 20 minutes. I just don't get the point, though. I can move past the box and into the Kroger, using the box as a shopping list, and buy the exact same ingredients for half the price, only now I must spend 5 minutes dicing a tomato instead of slicing open a plastic bag containing diced tomato. The best way to get quicker in the kitchen is to cook with common ingredients, and prep things in tandem. Keeping your cooking within a certain cultural palate is a good way to limit the amount of different fresh ingredients you need to maintain, and simplify your cooking. Some perishables like fruits and vegetables are terrible to buy. Cilantro comes in a massive bunch from which I take three sprigs, and its rotten in a couple days. Bananas are unedible until day 2, then I have maybe a 3-day window to eat all the bananas before they are flabby, brown, and mushy. Even if I throw a handful of arugula in every single one of my meals, its massive tub is barely half empty by the time it starts rotting in my fridge a week after purchase. Even if I plot and plan to use all my cilantro in 3 days, all my arugula in 1 week, power through 3 bananas a day during my bunch's window of opportunity, I can still end up going out for dinner which throws everything out of schedule. Or maybe I forgot to pull out the chicken out of the freezer and into the marinade this morning, so there is now no point in cooking if I need to wait 2+ hours after I get home for my bird to thaw and flavor. $10 per serving is egregious. Take a blue apron recipe with you to a grocery store, and I bet you can buy all the ingredients for $2.5 a meal. I don't think news media outlets are very concerned about social networks anymore; NYT is on literally every app in everyone's pocket, whereas before it was just in the hands of their direct subscribers and sales. I ran away from facebook in 2015. I maybe check once a month to see if a random cousin reached out to me, and the service fails even at that. I don't understand how anyone uses this firehose of irrelevant information anymore. I check the notifications bar, and it says I have dozens and dozens of notifications, but really I have zero. All of these dozens of alerts and badges are nothing more than "Ashley commented on derricks post" I don't know a derrick at all, or "Jerry liked russian_troll_page's video." The feed is completely polluted. Out of all the mismatched and randomly shuffled posts from the past week that pop up, maybe 5% are original content from my friends, and not someone liking a page or commenting on a video with 300,000 other comments. The site used to be excellent when the content was 100% generated by the people I personally knew. Nowadays, I don't know how you get any valuable information out of it without spending hours and hours sifting through the junk. The platform regressed. I still use social media everyday. On instagram I follow my friends, and a handful of nature pages. Most of the posts I see are from people I know, an interesting story across the world, or a poorly targeted ad. On snapchat I only chat or look at stories posted by my friends; I only click the crap on the discover page if my thumb misses. I don't use twitter, I prefer daily newsletters from NYT, and follow other publishers and magazines with RSS (including this site). I've cut the fat by living within inoreader and rarely straying elsewhere. You can save a lot of time if you don't have to sift through algorithmic advertising pollution to read the headlines and see what your friend Dave did today. Start now. Drop facebook, drop twitter, unfollow everyone you don't know personally on everything else, and use an RSS reader to filter in the content you actually want to engage with, not what an advertiser wants you to see to buy something, or vote a certain way. Does spotify need read/write on all my messages and posts ever made? I'm sure spotify isn't the only company granted this privilege of omnipotence. The cards are still falling, don't blame nyt for offering analysis when the news continues to break. Nope, no one does. But the recent bout of cyberwarfare was directly due to the magnitsky act economically damaging Putin and his inner circle. Maybe, maybe not? Zuckerberg bought a dozen houses so no one would document his activity. I don't use facebook and use an adblocker so no one would document my activity. The medium is different, but it's the same concern. Facebook does have alternatives, though. The website does nothing new, only serves it to you in one place. This used to be great when your feed was populated by content generated by people you actually know and care about in your personal life, but facebook pulled the rug out from under us when they gradually increased the amount of advertising pollution you had to sift through to get to any original thought. Facebook has changed from that useful platform it once was to basically nonstop custom-tailored commercials, but the alternatives that it sought to replace have not and never will. Want to keep in touch with your relatives or friends? Directly engage people again. This can be as simple as an email thread, group text messaging, or an application like GroupMe. Need to plan events with your group? Throw it on a google calendar, who cares about who said they are going or who left your invite on read? Contacts? Your phone and address book on your computer. Keep your photos on something nonproprietary and therefore future proof; contrary to popular belief, no one will remember all the likes your pictures from Cabo got you in two weeks anyway. Disgusting, but know that there are good regulations—like environmental protections—that are frequently combatted by industry groups and tend to get weakened by the Republicans before they pass into law. Regulation can be abused by industry and corrupt politicians for anticompetitive reasons, but most of the time, it's to force companies from doing highly profitable things that aren't good for people or the planet; its much cheaper to just dump all your hazardous waste into the river, after all. HN seems to be doing fine For reddit you can get a feed for the top posts only, and for HN you can set a score threshold. I even follow newsletters over rss (killthenewsletter), which if you subscribe to some daily digests you get exposed to stories from a variety of sources on many topics. I can still run through like 250 headlines in about 30 minutes, reading or saving what I like to pocket and skimming over the rest. There is definitely set up and optimization with RSS, getting the right mix of feeds that you want, but I don't see any targeted posts or advertising when I browse the internet now. Its also really good for following journal articles in my field. Pubmed has active search RSS, for instance, and every journal pushes their new articles to RSS. >where a concise version of the message is shown once, and then automatically marked as read. So like a rule to push it into your newsletter folder? Because they were obtuse to set up for 99% of people. Myspace basically made quick and easy personal pages for the masses, and everyone used it because it was quick and easy. If a company is able to do it right for the 99% of people who don't know what FTP is, then its got a shot. Several years ago facebook gutted a lot of RSS features. You used to be able to follow your notifications via RSS, but that went away when facebook realized people wouldn't stay on the site as long. "Hey do you want to go on a date?" read two days ago Yikes. It would be like if the $5 bottle was glass, and the $1000 bottle contained the same wine in a special wooden bottle that allegedly dampened any disruptive vibrations without any research at all. You'd probably have migraines! At a given mall, quite a lot of property is devoted to surface lots which go unused from 10pm-10am, not great for a growing urban environment! The problem with cars is how inefficient they are just from the physics of them. A given car is maybe 3000lbs. A person is maybe 150lbs. 95% of the gas you pump into your car goes to just moving around this hunk of metal wherever you go. And then you gotta have an empty 18'x9' spot available wherever you are going? How many 25lb bird scooters can you pile up in that spot? Even self-driving cars aren't going to solve the issues with wasting energy and space for the two tonnes-or-so hunk of metal that you require to deliver you door to door on demand. Try to have a horse pull you around town in a tesla, and it would die. Doctors don't become 'mister' the day they stop practicing, that's also a title you keep for life. You could just open it in reader view or in pocket/instapaper You aren't contributing to society if you charge more for rent than mortgage and maintenance, you are a parasite. It was a time when the U.S. kept the worlds manufacturing jobs warm before they were outsourced to these rebuilt places. There are credit cards where you can get 4% cash back in places and pay no annual fee. If you have switched to cash only in an effort to save money, does this outweigh a 2-4% discount on every purchase you make? I don't think this is nihilism, I think this is just a rhetorical device to keep yourself grounded and stay rolling with the punches. What could that wouldn't with a private platform? A hypothetical public forum would be excellent! It would be a place where people could feel comfortable to disseminate knowledge without worrying about their information and psychological profile being bought, sold, and manipulated because it wouldn't be financially supported by those practices. If it's kept far away from Ajit Pai types, maybe bad actors could be forced out (SSN or other official verification, maybe?) Take a look at a well-run government resource like PubMed. Sure it looks awkward at first, but its extensively documented, and as you learn more and more about it you begin to appreciate how robust it is being isolated from metrics like time on platform or ad engagement. You have powerful search operators, and extensive public databases of primary literature and entire seminal textbooks. Functionality is only added, never removed. Everything we know about biology is indexed on this website and available at your fingertips (ignoring Elsevier for a moment). You don't even have to visit it unless you need to; it's trivial to set up email notifications or an RSS feed for an active search. Social media is broken. The playbook used by the Russians only worked because it benefitted from these same algorithms designed to keep peoples eyes fixed on these platforms and no other. Who would have known that designing a platform to maximize viral advertising could be used as is to maximize viral propaganda? Certainly not Zuckerberg, as he claims. The original premise of Facebook, an online extension to strictly local connections, seems so idyllic and utopian now. R&D should be publically funded like basic research is. We can say 'these drugs are expensive because they are expensive to research' all we want because it's true, but this statement ignores the problem of it all, and that is every step of the way from a customers insurance payment to research and development, there is skimming. Private health insurance cannot run at cost, private biotechnology companies cannot run at cost either, and this is because shareholders and executives demand it cannot. Every dollar of ROI in their portfolio is a dollar that could have gone to research and development or lowering drug prices, every yearly bonus could have tipped the scales and let one more person afford to save their life. It is tragically terrible that if you had the right books, you can calculate the exact x% of every dollar people spend towards healthcare that goes toward someone else's luxury rather than healthcare or in support of research. And thats ignoring the other half of the problem with private research, in that projects are decided by white collars and not white coats, so research efforts are focused on what will make a profit or what they can put out quickly before anyone else to dominate market share on a novel treatment, and not treatments for rarer diseases that might be backed with extensive basic research and only need to scale, but is marginally less profitable for the company. However, if money for healthcare is taken publically, then there is no need to skim dimes on every dollar spent to grant someone a third house and a fifth car. Money can be earmarked directly for research, like basic research is, and what happens to that dollar would be of public record. Capitalism and its sole metric of success of infinite growth is inefficient by design and has no place when it comes to universal needs like healthcare. >There is a very lengthy process of getting drugs through the FDA which makes investment's return-on-investment difficult to justify without raising already available drug prices. The lengthy process is there for a reason, it's not some hamper on profits just to hamper profits. Do we believe that the FDA is full of short sellers? Poor Pfizer, they won't get more money than they've spent! The logic here is sinister. ROI on drugs shouldn't be every dollar spent gets you a dollar ten and a drug, it should be you have a drug. The basic research that informs R&D spending has a ROI of zero by business metrics. It is sad to think that the trajectory of medical advancement is dictated not by what we can achieve as scientists, but what is profitable for businessmen. When Jonas Salk was asked who owns the patent to the polio vaccine he developed, he replied, "Well, the people, I would say. There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?" In 1988 there were an estimated 350,000 cases of poliomyelitis worldwide, in 2018 there were 29 (1). The global initiative to eradicate the disease would not have been possible had the vaccination been for-profit. (1) https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/poliomye... Apples and oranges. That negative MRI result can be just as informative as a positive one. Maybe your XRay gave the doc only 80% confidence in the diagnosis, and the MRI was to rule out a larger issue. Like an engineer, doctors work deductively to rule out potential diagnoses, so all that is left is the correct one. Inductive logic brings in subconscious bias and assumptions. This is like if the whole town is on fire, but you have enough money to pay the fireman to save your house first. Priority access to universal needs shouldn't be given based on personal wealth. I wonder if the people who wrote this line jumping into law qualified for the public or private insurance. NYT isn't conflating race and class here, Jessica Calarco is. Overparenting got me pretty upset with my parents as I got older. My time got so structured and I was shuttled about so much that I felt like I couldn't breathe as I had no personal time and therefore no real agency. When I was home I withdrew to my room and shut the door, as I felt like those few hours at home in my room was the only time I had to myself. I stayed up late, extending those precious hours, and got little sleep as a result. Yet that private time was also to be booked for homework technically, and that suffered as well as it competed with my actual personal interests. I think good parenting is just stability during the early years, and honest advice for the last few. Beyond the top 10 schools in the country, having decent enough grades and ACT should get you into a pretty decent college to start a pretty good career. By college, you certainly understand what is at stake if you get all Cs versus all As, because you are surrounded by peers and the only way to compete with them is through your own agency and discipline, that's something that took me a while to learn and my grades suffered initially. There were a couple families on my street with kids who disappeared to who knows where when the bank foreclosed their homes, yet these kids were some of my good friends and I had a blast hanging out at their houses. At a certain age, you don't pick up on class, especially if you have kids your age. Accidents can happen at any time, you know. Knowing how I was as a kid, seeing those kids ride freely would only breed contempt. When I was able to ride my bike well, my dad printed out a street map of our town to give to me and I explored the shit out of everywhere that I could. Naturally, the first thing I did was ride to the municipal pool across town, but it turns out you can't go very far very quickly on a single speed kids bike. That 10-minute car ride to the pool must have been close to an hour on my bike, so I never really rode that far again! Doesn't seem to be the case in this century Yet everyone uses the roads, schools, and safety paid for by everyone to ultimately get to their advantaged economic position. Healthcare is a public effort just like any of the above, and no one should suffer unequally due to class favoritism being built into public efforts. We shouldn't compromise with people who lack the humanity to see this.