Hello, and thanks for your feedback! We're sorry to be less exciting, but we do indeed only index the historified sites, otherwise the noise would be too much for historious to be of any usefulness. Luckily the cost of bookmarking a page is really low (just one click), so you can do it as often as you like! The extension is open source, you can download and run it yourself if you don't trust the packaged one: http://bitbucket.org/Stavros/historious.crx Thanks! When were computers fast enough? Each computer I've gotten is exactly as fast as the previous one, from the 100 MHz pentium I had in 97 to the quad core I have now. Programs do more things, but that's why the speed has remained the same. My only hope that this will change is with SSDs. I swapped my laptop's SSD for a HDD and now it's a dog, which reminded me how big the difference in performance is. Well, it's only good if it's making you money... 1) The factory owner should have been happy with the bill, given that it was what six minutes of downtime cost him. 2) "I have found the problem, the fix will cost $10,000. Should I proceed?" The gun does the exact same thing the picks do, only with less flexibility and more easily. I don't see why a locksmith who had picks handy already would have to run out to get the gun when you told him you didn't need the show. He should be able to scrape it with the proper pick regardless... Although, I realise I'm probably just nitpicking. Then you won't like the Greek version of that proverb, which makes little to no sense: "Whoever has the fly gets flied." The difference is that you're scanning, they're aggregating. Scanning is O(logn), aggregating is O(n). I remember trying for hours to understand Adaboost before it all clicked (it's an ingenious algorithm, by the way). The paper could certainly do with some more explanation, rather than just "this is the weight updating function, this is the evaluation step, done". Basically, bottle was here and things were good, and then Armin decided to announce Flask as an April Fools joke and ate poor bottle's lunch. Bottle and Flask are similar enough, but I think Flask has more momentum and support. It works with our oven's alarm clock if I hum, regardless of frequency, I seem to recall. > You mean we should be talking about rate of infection in a population, rather than their contribution to the raw infection numbers overall? Either is fine. "50% of HIV positive people are gay" is not. For all we know, there are only two HIV positive people, and one is gay and one straight. That's hardly a reason for excluding all gay people from donating... Where's the payoff? All I see is a system that had to work first time, so "agile" wasn't even an option. If there were an auto-update mechanism to get everyone on the latest version, it seems to me that you might have delivered months earlier and polished it over time. The GP mentioned arbitrary precision integers, which Python has. I believe they're called Long, and integers that overflow are cast to Long (represented as 123L). I will second this. A friend was trying to teach me the four different tones of the sh syllable, I had no clue what the hell was going on, they all sounded exactly the same. I'm not even a native English speaker, I'm Greek, which also isn't tonal. It's a Dylan Thomas reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_not_go_gentle_into_that_good... Goddamnit, I don't know what's sexist and what isn't any more. What if the message was 0xB1GD1CK (okay, there's no K in hex). Should men be offended? > yet you often see well endowed women used in advertising as nothing more than highly sexualized decoration with a disproportionate focus on their breasts (or other parts) That is because the advertisers want to show something that will immediately capture the attention of their target audience. You don't see women with big breasts on ads for female hygiene products, or, indeed, anything that doesn't target mostly (or even specifically) men. A long, reasoned debate showing how intelligent and wise a woman is won't do much for a 20-second ad. I don't find this any more objectionable than ads using tan, muscular men to appeal to women, which I don't find objectionable at all. It's human nature to be attracted to the opposite sex, and the most available factor is external appearance. > This is merely saying "big boobs" for laughs. It's the kind of stuff young children do (see also: the penis game), so I'm not sure why anyone's rushing to defend this sort of behavior. I completely agree. However, I don't see anyone defending it, people are mostly just saying "this is just childish, not sexist, and isn't that big an issue". I am equally (un)comfortable showing this to a female developer as I am to a male developer. I find it childish and might be a bit embarrassed, not because of the gender of the new hire, but because it's a childish and unprofessional thing to have in code. I am not sure how comfortable the female developer would be, I assume she'd laugh it off, but that's projecting my own feelings onto hers. If I am wrong about this, it will be precisely because I do not know how a woman would feel in this situation, so that's a bit of a moot question to ask me specifically. Can someone tell me what the advantage of emitting LLVM IR is, compared to machine code? I don't think I ever saw that clarified anywhere. I'm the same way, but then I figured that I won't be regretting it for long. HPMOR is amazing. I have an up-to-date ebook version at http://www.leanpub.com/hpmor . I lost so much time to that game. I would probably recommend it. False dichotomy. I'm sure someone in the entire company has five minutes while fixing the problem to explain to us what's going on. Then it didn't reflect the actual value of the company. It was a low offer, and the unpredictable events are just that: unpredictable. The winning lottery ticket still costs $1, because you don't know if it's going to win. This is inaccurate, and just the sort of post you would expect nowadays on HN. It's turning into reddit. That was my thinking as well, this post is light enough that we can all unwind and joke around. Hindsight bias. What if the GP told you he was lying, and that the people who didn't notice were the last ones to get laid off, because they were so absorbed by their work that they didn't have time to notice the cups? Does that make more or less sense than the alternative? I really do hope this (or something like it) takes off. More choice in languages is better, and JS has been the only option for too long. It would be amazing if browsers added interpreters natively, then we could check for a native interpreter and fall back to loading a JS one like brython. Is it because your stairs won't fit in the table? (Sorry, couldn't resist). Or, you know, encryption. Ah, right, so the decisive factor of the GP is not whether the guy is running a legitimate business, it's whether the guy is using the domain to mislead people into thinking he's Nissan cars. So, for example, a personal site with a few family photos of someone called Nissan, or whose nickname is Nissan, or who just liked the word, would not be infringing, so they couldn't take it away, correct? I don't understand how you can compare two strings in constant time by doing a pointer comparison. Can you elaborate? I migrated from MongoDB to SQLite for a project a few years ago, it was much more performant: http://www.stavros.io/posts/using-sqlite-for-great-science-p... I think the data size ended up being a GB or so. Yeah, exactly. My normal scale was missing the big picture of how my weight fluctuates month-to-month. I do need to implement some smoothing, though, as the raw daily value isn't as useful. You know how it goes, "explain everything, predict nothing". Or maybe you don't, because I just made that up, but it fits. Meanwhile, the iPhone has slowly but steadily been losing mindshare to its amazing competition. I disagree with "liberally", as there's a cost associated with commenting (they have to be maintained and people have to spend time to read them), but I'm certainly of the opinion that judiciously commenting is very useful. Nice easter egg in the user who wants to change the password to CoHoBaSt (correct-horse-battery-staple). You're being downvoted, but I agree that a greater amount of tact would have been warranted. Phrases like "I am not making this up", "argh!" and "huh?" add nothing to the review, but only serve to make it more personal, and I say this as a guy who also has very little tact. Well, the fact that someone has made it is proof that anyone can make it. It doesn't mean that everyone will have the same likelihood of making it, though. Knock knock. A UDP packet. Who's there? Everyone? Really? Because half of my friends are unemployed, and every single one has a university degree. And who starts building and then doesn't finish it because they don't want it to be taxed? They aren't, though. Have you seen how removals for anything use the same option, or there's no push or pull, or remotes are much more sane, or creating repos is the same regardless of whether you're cloning or initting? It's much more geared towards actions rather than commands. The thread model TOTP addresses is someone having your password and being able to log in with just that. It's not to protect against people stealing the database, it's not to protect against people having root access to your phone, or anything like that. Which of the solutions you mention works even if an attacker has actual physical access to the two-factor device? I can't tell if this is a joke, therefore I'm coining Stavros' law: Without a clear indicator of an author's intention, it is often impossible to tell the difference between a startup direction and a parody of one. It hit zero multiple times, and they just kept resetting it. I think it just ended with them taking it down. By the way, if you want to share your terminal ephemerally with someone over SSH, I swear by http://tmate.io/ . It was something I desperately needed a solution for, and tmate delivers very very well. Linkbaity title. Google is actually asking developers to add an exception for its third-party ad network, if the developers use Google ads in their apps, since Google can't guarantee all third-party ads will be TLS-enabled. Why do I need to run a whole stack for a mail client? It's a mail client! Why is everything JS web services :( That's not what I got. She does say: > Although it’s hard to credit the study entirely (it may have happened anyway), the study did give us a way into a relationship that feels deliberate. In that light, the "we made the choice to be" is, in part, because they chose to ask the questions. "Version: Python 3.1 (Python 4.2)" Usually the people are also free to leave whenever, which is not so much the case for the animals. Found the manager! It takes a few months for one person to build a house from raw materials? I'd like to meet this superman. I don't really understand this post. The author seems to be doing a lot of handwringing for no reason. Why not just tell the new company "I'm currently employed, so it is unlikely that I would leave my job, but I would be open to it for the right opportunity, if you're still interested"? That way, you both know where you stand, and you have a better negotiating position, since you don't need to take the new job. I don't know what Radare does, but after I read your comment I installed Radare2 (because binja didn't let me save my file). I didn't get anywhere because Radare2 looks like it has a super steep learning curve, whereas with binja I just right-clicked the jump that looked like it'd do what I want and selected "Patch -> Never jump". I'm not sure why you're dismissing usability, but it's a very big feature in a tool, one of the most important ones. Similar story, I was in Barcelona, and if you walk around the beach at night, you see dodgy-looking immigrants that will approach you and quietly ask if you want a cold beer. See, it's illegal for stores to sell alcohol past a certain hour, so these guys provide a valuable service. However, I was with a friend who wanted to smoke some weed instead, so he went and asked one of the guys "do you have any weed?" The guy looked horrified and quickly blurted out "No, no, only beer! You can't get that stuff!" before moving along. It just struck me as funny that they would dodgily sell you illegal beer but that they would be righteously indignant at weed. "That, sir, is where I draw the line of illegality!" A friend of mine is blind and I've heard him echo this sentiment. I tried TalkBack for Android a few months ago just to see how he uses his phone and it was a buggy piece of crap. I get that a lot. The answer is "if the service goes down, I'll send you an email well in advance so you can switch. If you die before that, well, your emails will have already gone out, so you don't have anything to lose." Having just installed SolveSpace, a parametric 3D CAD tool which includes a solver in 1.9 MB, I can't help but feel a bit sad when a minimal Markdown editor is a 34 MB file :( I wonder if there's a better option for crossplatform apps than Electron. Maybe Rust? Or Python+PyQT? I don't think so, have we? Windows applications are very small because all the UI libraries are in the OS itself, where they should be. It's very very not user-unfriendly. I finished the tutorial in 20 minutes and it was very intuitive and exciting! I had a pretty negative experience with TopTal, where the first interview/screening thing involved me solving programming puzzles on some sort of code editor. After spending an hour on a puzzle whose solution turned out to pretty much be "return len(A) - A.count(X)", I gave up in frustration. One of the site's founders emailed me later to tell me that he knew that those questions didn't actually really test programming skills, and that they were trying to improve, but the damage was already done. Exactly. Most of my value is in telling the client "you'll never needs this. Here's something that will do the job you need right now for a fraction of the cost, and won't prevent you from scaling later on", and not the fact that I can write optimized code to find the midpoint of an array so that the two halves contain an equal number of items divisible by 3 in half an hour. Alright, I tried it for you guys: I ate one miracle berry tablet (I think the recommended dose is half a tablet, but screw it). The tablets were pretty old, so after consuming it I tested with yoghurt to see if the results held up. Indeed, the yoghurt tasted like cream and was not sour at all, so the tablet was good. Afterwards, I tasted Sriracha sauce, Tapatio and Valentina Extra Hot. All sauces retained their usual taste, except there was no burning sensation in the tongue and mouth at all. However, the sauces retained their burning sensation in the throat, completely intact, as far as I can tell. I'm afraid that I didn't have a control spoonful of sauce before the tablet, because I didn't think of it, but I can have some once the tablet wears out. I seem to recall, though, that a spoonful of Sriracha does normally burn my tongue. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. Like your sibling comment, I also injured my back while deadlifting (with proper form and everything) years ago and it's been very tender and ever since. I also get back cramps in that spot around once a year, making me unable to move for about a day. I very badly need a TLS library in my embedded firmware so I can accept new firmware updates over HTTP. The GP's points are all a bit weak, especially if this method uses a good KDF like bcrypt to generate the keys. I used SuperGenPass for a while, before switching to KeePass, and the major drawbacks I found were: 1) No way to change a password. None at all. If a site required you to make up a new password, you're out of luck (or you have to come up with a new master password every time and remember which master password to use for which site). 2) If a website is incompatible with the generated password, you're out of luck. My bank (because of course it would be the bank, cat sharing websites are more secure) would throw a fit because I had a number in my password and refuse to set it. 3) If someone has a keylogger or otherwise steals your master password, you're done for everywhere. This is not so with password databases, because the attacker also needs the file. 4) It's just not really that much more convenient than KeePass + KeePassAndroid. Hell, the latter is more convenient because I don't have to keep retyping my password, I can store it in memory protected by my fingerprint, which is something that no SuperGenPass-compatible app I've found does. In summary: Go with KeePass, it's better. My data point was that I got an Intel SSD back in 2010 (one of the first affordable ones, $500 for 160 GB) and it started showing bad sectors in 2013. I immediately copied all my data off, and sent it to intel, who sent me a replacement for free. The replacement has been working fine ever since. It sounds to me like most of the other people were disagreeing with him. I'd like to second Hugo. Static sites with Netlify are a joy, since they can handle however much traffic you want, there are no scaling headaches or updates or stuff for bots to randomly hack. I'm currently trying to decide between Lektor and Hugo, Lektor's data model seems more powerful, Hugo seems harder to learn (worse-quality docs) but Lektor doesn't seem very actively maintained, and Hugo has a larger community around it. Clickable magnet links are fine, since the query doesn't actually go to the server. Why can't we get Rust for the ESP8266? :( I really dislike C, I'd love a higher-level language. As great as MicroPython is, the interpreter needs too much RAM, and I think Rust would be a great alternative. You don't "remove" a canary, you just stop updating it. The intent being that they can't force you to keep updating it. I've been using (well, "using". Borg sends data to their server, checks have never failed, I've never had to look at it) them for years and like them, so my experience is similar to yours. The problem I have with storage providers being expensive is a sense of unfairness. Disk prices get cheaper all the time, so a provider that doesn't periodically cut its prices feels to me like it's been getting progressively more and more expensive. Now that I saw that Backblaze is ten times cheaper than my rsync.net plan, I'm sad :( I should just bite the price bullet and move to them. I've moved everything else off Google (even search), it's about time I move my email too. Isn't that basically saying "fuck liking the thing you do, instead practice doing it even though you don't like it, and if you have to train one of the two, train the latter"? If I had to choose between liking the thing I do and not liking it but doing it anyway, I'd choose the former. I don't find "how can I be more motivated?" a bad aspiration at all. I've been there, it's great (and in a very nice building). SPOILERS AHEAD I don't like how the movie makes her daughter to be dying of a disease. In the book, she dies in a climbing accident, which the protagonist knows full well will happen but does nothing to prevent it, thus demonstrating how committed she was to an immutable, deterministic future. I liked the story better. I think it helped that the actress reading the story in the audiobook was excellent. I read it differently from you. What I read is that there are two "modes", one with free will but with no knowledge of the future, and one with knowledge of the future but that effectively "forces" you to play your part in what you know the future to be. I feel that this explanation agrees with the two "interpretations" of refraction mentioned in the book. However, then the question arises: How do you reconcile the fact that some beings can see the future when there are other beings in the world that have free will (and thus are able to change the future that the former see)? I consider the explanation in the book sufficient, though. I don't expect my fiction to be perfectly consistent with everything, and this particular story passes my personal, subjective bar. Speak for yourself, I'm an abysmal dev by that metric. I think so too. It's not freedom of speech if it's "you're free to say what you like as long as it doesn't bother me". It's also concerning that this service is the arbiter of what's moral and what's not in their domains. You're right, but I prefer my conditions as open as possible... I agree with the GP. I find myself surprised at something someone didn't know, only to realize upon further reflection that I wasn't actually surprised, I was just asserting superiority, which was unconscious and crappy. It changed after I saw the XKCD "Ten thousand" comic, which changed my worldview for the better. I don't think I was, I was doing Starting Strength, so if it was too heavy, it would have been by 1 kilo or so. I doubt it, though, because I had plateaued at the time, so I just lifted around the same weight every time. I wasn't overly exerted, I had done the lift many times with a straight back, etc, something just "popped" during one of the lifts, and my back hurt like hell for weeks, and nowadays that injury comes back once a year or so and renders me unable to move for a few days. That's a very interesting notion, I didn't know you could use a GA pixel. That's a much better alternative to the full-blown JS tracker, thank you. Why? Just don't log in with it if you don't like it, why does it specifically have to be removed? I understand your point, but there is a good middle ground for people. As a software developer, I was amazed the first time I connected a LED to the RPi's GPIOs and made it blink with software. From that, I moved to an Arduino, with its Lego style shields, and to an ESP8266 and my own PCBs. I don't think the Arduino is just for people who don't want to learn anything about embedded. Those people exist, but it's good that they can do stuff with hardware without learning. The people who do want to learn, will learn faster with the Arduino ecosystem than without it. That said, the Dev environment sucks, PlatformIO all the way. Reading the article, I was a bit disappointed that people were trying to pull the book, but reading your comment I remembered how much I had to argue for Python 3 with a friend who was just starting to learn programming and was reading LPTHW because I had suggested it after hearing it is a good book. The book apparently said that Python 3 sucks, that people shouldn't learn it, and that "if someone tells you to use Python 3, tell them you'll use it when all their code is in Python 3", which is just absurd. It was very harmful, because Python 3 is definitely where the community is, and 2's days are numbered. That part may have been true back when it was written, but it's definitely not true today, and all it does is fan the flames of discord. Take this: https://alisdair.mcdiarmid.org/kill-sticky-headers/ It doesn't matter so much what time the air is actually the hottest, but what time the sun will burn you. I'd take 37 C air in the shade over 35 C in the midday sun any time. Nix and Guix sound interesting. I run Ubuntu currently, what's the easiest way to get start with one or the other? I hear Guix is more user-friendly, is that so? Do I need to install a whole other OS, or can I install Guix in Ubuntu? This is a very good article that goes into detail on what you mention: http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything... Oh man, that describes all of them. http://ipfessay.stavros.io/ - Publish uncensorable essays on IPFS https://www.eternum.io/ - Pin IPFS files with a nice interface https://www.pastery.net/ - The best pastebin https://spa.mnesty.com/ - Fuck with spammers https://www.timetaco.com/ - Easily make nice-looking countdowns And this is just the last two months or so? Also, lots of hardware stuff: https://www.stavros.io/projects/ Why are you comparing a weapon that has to hit a whole person and misses to a weapon that has to hit a 5mm retina and somehow never misses? The Lexar high endurance. If you want to find SD card reliability info, check websites and videos that do reviews for dashcam SD cards. Their primary focus is on reliability because they need the cards to be able to be written on constantly without failing for a long time. I've been trying to get Caddy more widely deployed at work, and this move is going to alienate commercial customers (at least us) even more than Caddy already does. Not only do they not have repositories, essentially doubling the effort to keep machines up to date (we have to have one process to upgrade everything else , and one process to upgrade just Caddy ), but now we can't even download precompiled binaries to deploy on the servers without paying. I could have put up with Caddy not being as mature as nginx for some low-volume deployments, and barely put up with the lack of debs, but having to compile my own binaries across the company isn't worth the integrated TLS certs. Ad headers isn't an extended feature, it's a nag screen. > it's not "apt install" but it's pretty close It's not close, though, it's very far. With apt, I know things are going to go in their proper place, and are going to get cleaned up afterwards (not to mention the biggest benefit, automatic updates). With a shell script, I don't know what sort of stuff it puts where on my filesystem, and I can't automate the installation easily. My preferred order of installation procedures is: "apt", "manual", and "random shell script" is a distant last, to the point where I sometimes won't try software if the installation procedure isn't sane. > if you build from source, you're good to go. That's a pretty big if. The one time I had to compile the server from source (to help you test a bugfix), I had the Go toolchain installed (which not everyone does) and I still couldn't figure out how to compile with some of the plugins I wanted. I gave up after 30 minutes of not getting anywhere, IIRC. I think this move has lost you a lot of goodwill from people. No, it counts as a bugfix. > Catalans also have a different language, a strong sense of being a nation (their "local consitution" says so!), etc.. And none of those things is being repressed, I have to add. As a Catalan friend pointed out, they speak and teach Catalan in schools, have complete freedom to vote on issues of their region, etc. I have to agree with the GP that it's mostly the economy doing a bit better than the other regions, which leads Catalonia to a "why should we have to support these others" mentality. I don't really understand why people throw the baby out with the bathwater like that. What's the problem of using an ORM for 99% of your queries and doing the other 1% in raw SQL? Many ORMs (like Django's) even help you by mapping the results back into models automatically[1]. [1] https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.11/topics/db/sql/#mappin... I wonder if it's easy to get Nim to run on the ESP8266, huh. Well that's the thing, it seems that only a few types are actually used because of technical advantages. Phillips heads should have been super niche, and we should have just standardized on a happy medium of "not too expensive to make, not too bad". Instead, we have all these thousands of types, most of which are minor improvements on previous types. Relevant XKCD of "now there are eleven standards". Is there an overview that's less "an hour long" and more "three sentences"? Well, that's probably why he wasn't hired. You mean besides lying to them and making them do things for some reward and then not giving the reward and laughing about it? I read the article and then listened to the whistles. Surprisingly (since the article said otherwise), they were rather intelligible. They don't use one whistle per letter, which would have been weird, because you don't just say letters when talking (like "aitch ee ell ell oh", you just say "hello"). Similarly, this just seems to be taking the cadence of speech and whistling it. I listened to the proverb whistle, and it "clearly" says "η ζωή είναι πολύ ωραία όταν μπορείς να είσαι αυτάρκης", which I definitely wouldn't have gotten if I didn't know what they wanted to say, but which is different enough from the English translation to show that I could actually derive information from it. Overall, I don't think you can actually hold a conversation in it, it's basically like taking speech and encoding it in low-bitrate audio. Lots of nuance gets lost and you're left with the low-entropy signals, which are hard to disambiguate unless you know what they're saying. Bees sting, they don't bite. Funny, I had the exact opposite question. I see these kinds of articles come along from time to time, and it always makes me wonder: Why this pressing need to maximize productivity? Why not just do things you enjoy, at a pace that you enjoy? Is it for more money/prestige? What's the use if you've been stressing and pressuring yourself for it all your life? I feel like the odd person out because I work on something while I enjoy it, stop working on it when I don't, and pick it up again when I want to. Work is obviously a bit different, but I don't need to pressure myself to improve, I don't need a raise. I work as much as necessary and do other things the rest of the time. Some people are naturally more productive than me, and that's fine, I'm exactly as productive as I'm happy being. Who are these people who, before today, thought that Zuckerberg actually did care about users? Didn't they know about the "dumb fucks" thing? And our president shall be Donald Trump! What would you recommend to someone who wants to write Python desktop applications today? I've used wxWindows way back when, and I'd hate to use Electron. Would you go with Qt for Python, or PyQT? Also, what's PySide/PySide2? > Ken is upset and amazed that disrupting the workflows and toolchains of entrenched Python developers is causing a backlash I'm not a huge fan, but how is he disrupting the workflows and toolchains? He wrote a tool, if you want to use it, that's cool, if not, that's cool too. It's not like he came to your house and forced you to use Pipenv instead of what you were already using. If you want something to be mad at, it's the larger issue: We just started moving to Pipfile for dependencies and now we're switching again to some new project.toml file? The tool we use over this file is pretty much irrelevant, since all that matters is this file, and you can use any one of a myriad of tools to manage it and install your dependencies with. If you don't like Pipenv, use something else that can install stuff from a Pipfile, but why are we making yet another standard to replace all previous ones (xkcd here)? Weird how "we live in a society" until something happens one doesn't like, like trying to ban guns. I've been wanting to make a todo list that is sensitive to this. It's called Promises, and, when you add a todo item, you make a "promise" to resolve it. Every day the promise is active, it gets a bit more grey, and after a month it eventually fades away and gets added to a section of the app called "the hell of broken promises", where it can never be removed from again. If you do resolve it, it gets fulfilled and goes away with a nice animation. Hopefully, this will force you to consider what you actually intend to finish versus what you're just adding for the feel-good factor of "oh yeah, I'm definitely going to do this at SOME point, years later". I don't know whether that's good or not, but it'll be a fun project, and I think we'd all be better off if we could say "you know, if I haven't read that news article in the two months since I've added it, it's probably not important enough to keep around". I like the GP's point that you should also show how hard it is to crash the plane. Otherwise, people won't really have an idea of the margin of "weird noise" they have before getting to an actually threatening situation. I was going to post this tomorrow, but I figure people here might find it useful now. I wrote an article on how to configure Wireguard for common scenarios: https://www.stavros.io/posts/how-to-configure-wireguard/ > It seems difficult to justify that "breaking my arm is more good than breaking my neck". I disagree, I think it is very easy to justify that breaking my arm is "more good", in that it is preferable. If one is -100 and the other is -50, then it is "more good" (i.e. the difference is positive). By "more good" I don't mean that it is good, mind you, just that it is better/preferable. > Haidt suggests modern liberals heavily elevate the "care" and "fairness" principles over the others I think this is our difference. I wouldn't want my country torturing anyone, enemy or not. Your second argument conflates legality with morality, so I don't really consider it especially valid. Unless you mean that the government has made a promise to the citizens to not torture them, and it would be additionally breaking that promise. Still, though, I consider the "torturing people" part much, much worse than the "you broke the promise" part, so much so that the latter seems like a rounding error to me, to use a somewhat utilitarian phrase. There's also a pillow that gives you the correct head position[1] for sleeping on your side. Why change your position when you can just get rid of the headaches? [1]: https://www.amazon.com/LoveHome-Softness-Orthopedic-Cervical... That's not how you do signing at all. You just use your private key to sign something, publish the public key for verification, and, when you want to reveal yourself, you just sign "I am X" with that key. I found Kubernetes to be easier to learn than the docs would suggest, and I wrote up a short article as a high-level overview. I hope it helps someone, and that it saves you a lot of time: https://www.stavros.io/posts/kubernetes-101/ You may want to spend two minutes reading this before going into the post's website, as an overview. You don't have to actually pin things. Merely visiting will cache and rehost the files, and they will only be GCed at some later time. All pinning does is disable the GC for those files, which, as of a few months ago, weren't getting GCed at all anyway, so visiting something was equivalent to pinning it. The end result is the same as hosting on S3 + CloudFront, it just saves you a lot of trouble setting things up, makes things just work, gives you nice features like lambdas, A/B testing, forms, authentication, etc etc for free, and just makes your life super easy. Basically, if you have a repository with your Jekyll (or whatever) site, just add it to Netlify and that's it. It's served, and will automatically update when you push. Whataboutism is when an argument is presented with a counterargument of hypocrisy, ie literally what the person replying to me was doing. The argument was "the US leaders are protecting themselves by extraditing Assange, who uncovered their crimes", and the reply was "but Assange is a Russian asset, so he's not so great either". Asset or not, the crimes were still committed, and the people who committed them are still guilty. > Your response was the whataboutism that Assange shouldn't be extradited because the US committed war crimes. Where did I say that? He was responding to them, saying that they, in turn, were responding to textbook whataboutism, ie my comment. The gp was being sarcastic. I feel compelled to write up a summary of the comments here and responses to each one: > This is useless. Who cares? It's super cool! > This is not well-suited for use case X. Did you read the page? It's so great that someone thought of this and did it. > This has been done before. SUPER. COOL. > It's hard to read. I don't know what you aren't getting about this. > What if it implemented improvement X? I don't know, I didn't write it. Maybe the author would appreciate the suggestion! This is an odd coincidence, I just received an email today from one of my users (I run a Pinboard "competitor", https://historio.us ) that mentioned the same problems, namely emails having gone without response and an inability to get their data out. I'm afraid I can't answer your first question, but I can answer your second one. historious has been around since 2009 and, while I don't give it amazing amounts of love, it works well enough that I use it myself. I am currently trying to modernize it a bit, but I don't have an ETA or roadmap on that. However, I think it's worth giving it a shot. They don't mean bzr the VCS, they mean Cathedral/Bazaar. Exactly, most of these claims read like fanciful fabrications of people wanting to tell a good story. Eating his body weight in a day? That's pretty outlandish and easily debunked. I've been wanting to learn Rust for a long time, but I'm hit by the curse of Python being the second best at everything. Every time I try to write something in Rust, I think "okay, I can either spend a week learning Rust and writing this, by which point I might lose motivation, or I can have it done in Python in an hour". Unfortunately, Python always wins, and it's also never not an option, since it runs on everything I care to develop on :( I am no longer afraid of entering contests that ask for my email address, as the GDPR means that they can't spam me with their crap afterwards. To me, the GDPR has been extremely positive so far, and I don't consider having to think about the privacy of the users of my apps a bad thing (I was doing it anyway). Article 13, on the other hand, can go fuck itself. > Why do you think you can trust the people that handle the data just because it's illegal to do something in Europe? Why do you think you can trust people not to do illegal things just because they're illegal? > GDPR is feel-good legislation first and foremost I guess that's true, I do feel pretty good about it. I had started a site with the same goal, but let the domain name lapse: https://lighten-the-web.netlify.com/ It's open source, so feel free to make some PRs if you need a place to add resources or something to go with the subreddit. You're going to be searching for a long time to find a piece of legislation that only has good parts in it. The GDPR is overwhelmingly positive, and a massive step towards ensuring privacy online. In my opinion, it has been pretty overwhelmingly a net positive, whereas article 13 is a clusterfuck that made me come up with a Cloudflare rule to block EU visitors from accessing sites (and yes, that includes myself): https://twitter.com/Stavros/status/1100799044862033922 If anyone from Cloudflare is reading this, can we get a "redirect" firewall rule so I can point the visitors to something like "you can't access that site because the politicians you voted for are morons"? Yes, all regulation makes companies less competitive than unregulated companies. That's why you regulate everyone. Whats the harm of the GDPR? The GDPR is pretty sane and not very hard to comply with, unless you're being scummy. I'd rather not have scummy companies, even if that means we won't be competitive. Cloudflare Workers sound cool, but their pricing is, to me, all wrong. I'd like to try them out on some of my low-volume side-projects to see if I'll find them useful and like them, but $5 per month per site is more than I pay for the entire server for all the sites combined . I don't like being that guy who asks for free stuff, but a free tier would at least mean that I get to spend an hour or two trying the feature out. Not that $5 is a prohibitive cost, but Workers haven't sounded good enough to take my credit card out for. Borg is hands-down the best backup utility I've used. I also use Borgmatic for some added niceties around checks/notifications/etc. I don't see what the fuss is about. This is an effective mitigation, given that software can't just arbitrarily lie about its user agent. We don't need user agents for that. There's an easy way to tell whether a visitor wants a cleaner view of a page, without Javascript: Yes. I was in the same boat, hopefully this will help: https://www.stavros.io/posts/how-to-configure-wireguard/ It's actually very easy to set up, I don't know why the official docs make it seem super hard. I have found very little correlation between the things Trump says and the things he does, or even the things he says later. Hmm, that's good feedback, thank you. I don't write descriptions a lot because I consider my photos' value to be the aesthetic and not so much the story behind them. I'll try to write something more descriptive from now on, thank you, I wouldn't have thought of that before you mentioned it. I started to ask if the GDPR applies here, I realized you're in the UK so it wouldn't apply, but have the question anyway: Does the GDPR prevent this? > I'm sorry if that offends you, but pick up a history book and read and you will see that I am correct. It doesn't offend me, it's just trivially wrong, as I know of many privacy-enhancing laws that got passed without a drop of blood being spilled (e.g. the GDPR). I used a friend's phone to look at some website and was horrified that the website had added ads everywhere since the last time I visited! Then I noticed he was using Chrome, which doesn't have adblock, and apparently the web is just terrible. Thank God for Firefox Mobile. I was half-amused, half-horrified at the remote possibility that vaccines might alter the gut microbiota and actually cause autism. I couldn't bear hearing "I told you so" from my antivaxxer friend. They're going to limit you if you spin up a bunch of cheap instances to use up their bandwidth, but if you pay $300/mo for their 3 Gbps connection you can saturate that and they don't care. I guess they'll care about as much as a restaurant cares if you've eaten the meal you paid for. I have a friend who worked as a consultant for a few years. I asked him what he did exactly, he said "well a company asked me to help them solve X, so I would go to the company's developers, ask them how they'd solve X, then I would tell the management that and get paid handsomely for it, and everyone's happy. Management got a solution, the devs got listened to, I got paid well, win-win." Wait, so you pay overtime, except you pay 40% less? I must be misunderstanding. Also please tell me you aren't proud of paying for overtime and I'm misunderstanding that too. That should be the minimum expectation. Setting aside the persecutions, torture and possible genocide, which are undoubtedly heinous, something perplexes me: Why do we consider it ethical for a state to execute prisoners, but consider harvesting their (now useless) organs to save more lives is ethically abhorrent? I am much more outraged by the fact that they're killing people for political reasons, the fact that they're harvesting their organs afterwards seems comparatively tame to me. I realize that harvesting organs from not-quite-dead prisoners, or killing prisoners just to harvest the organs is extremely unethical, but if someone was executed for a different reason, is it so bad to use their organs? They didn't consent to getting killed either, why are we drawing the line at organ harvesting? I'm not temporal, but haven't had many bad experiences that I chased up. I didn't request some data from Revolut that they didn't provide, but I didn't email their compliance officer to request it. I think they would have provided it if I had. Still, even just the fact that companies are now thinking about this and providing ways to download/delete your data makes me love the GDPR. When I got implants they told me to take minoxidil and finasteride. I didn't take the finasteride, and the implants are fine. They eventually told me I could stop the minoxidil, which made me wonder what the point was. That looks odd, the scar doesn't go that far. Plus, you can have implants without a scar now. I got implants and, when I see people who haven't seen me in a while, they always ask if I grew taller or if I lost weight or why I look more handsome. Very few people could tell it was the hair, many could tell I just looked better. It's definitely the hair. One of the reasons I didn't want to do it was that I didn't really mind being bald before, so I didn't really get any self-confidence improvement from it. I just look better in photos. If my stack takes more than three gigabytes to run, I consider it broken and file a bug to trim down the dependencies. Huh, I've had the opposite experience with Syncthing. It's basically just worked, it's been bulletproof. I'm not sure why the disparity. Nah, thank God for the GDPR. To be fair, I was expecting to be contacted for this unlimited service way way waaay before hundreds of TB per month. It's interesting how few unvaccinated people are required for the virus to come back. Here in Greece, I only know one person who doesn't vaccinate their child, but apparently such low densities are enough for viruses to propagate. Personally, I don't mind fish, they smell and taste like nothing to me. I hate crustaceans/etc because they look disgusting, basically cockroaches of the sea. I can't understand how people look at them and still eat them (obligatory XKCD here https://www.xkcd.com/1268/ ). God forbid there's a piece of infrastructure that can't show ads. Thank you for adding the feature of not adding WYSIWYG. I can't believe how frustrating Slack's new editor is. I am sorry you feel this way. Maybe try having different emotions? Yeah, that's my worry as well. Hopefully the fact that people have to pay will curb that a bit, but yeah, I'm worried about it. Yeah, I hope I won't have to get rid of the free trial or cryptocurrency payment, but I might... What, like Sylvester Stallone? Why would he do such a thing? Thanks for the feedback! Yes, you have a choice. You can use Imgur, fighting off their user-hostile UI, pay for IMGZ or pay and set up a VPS yourself. For me, the best option was #2, but it didn't exist, so I made it. And yeah, the UI is trash. Buy the big plan so I can afford a designer! Did he win? No. QED. It's smooth and quick because I bought a $10 theme and removed all the Javascript, it just looks like crap because I suck at design. I'm glad it worked well for you, though, since the reality is I'll probably never afford a designer from the $30/mo this is going to bring in. Oof, man, tough crowd. There are 3 instances of "shit", 2 of "bullshit", 1 "cheapass" and 1 "fuck" in the public pages. This would qualify as PG if it were a movie. I mean, you like what you like, but how much cussing is "just enough" for you? That's like a free child pornography host pass, I'd rather not. This is for you: https://imgz.org/money-safe/ Why "be free"? Why not "pay you"? I mean, where do you draw the line? Thank you! Still waiting for takers, though, so it must not be very effective. Yeah, sounds like you need the "contact us" tier. I think your current solution is better for your needs. Just click "buy now" ty. In that case, please make a free host, I will be your most ardent supporter. Yes, I share your feelings. That's what I was going for, it's definitely not a "ha ha" sentence. I don't think it's offensive, I think it's a reminder of how this exists and if you're the victim, you have to stop blaming yourself and seek help. > clearly stating [...] I don't think #1 and #2 are of interest to users, all the users care about is when they type "imgz.org/myimage.png" the image loads. #3 should be rather clear from the fact that you have to pay, hopefully. > This humor reminds me of a 20yo me in college, a time when my sense of narcissism was way outperforming my sense of good taste. Thank you, that's exactly what I was going for! Yes! Cash-in-alley only! Yeah, I'm aware of that, but I'm not terribly serious about this being a viable business and I want that to come across. I made this because I wanted something like it, and I'm opening it up to people to use with me, with the understanding that it's not meant to be a Real Business(TM). If it super blows up and has the potential to put food on the table, I might reconsider, but I don't think it's ever going to be more than a small group of happy users. :( I like your style, booking.com growth hacker. > I'm waiting for the entrepreneur who will say he doesn't care how much money he makes or how many customers he has, only that it's worthwhile and needed doing. This is literally all of open source software. The problem here is that you're waiting for an entrepreneur to say this, which is the wrong kind of person to expect this from. I would donate my IP/bandwidth to archive.org if I could run a scraper easily. What irks me is that the every time someone finds an evolutionary reason for something, it is just as easy to find an evolutionary reason to explain the opposite of it, which makes the explanation useless. For example, "men evolved to be promiscuous because having many children gave the biggest chance at surviving offspring" makes sense until you realize "men evolved to be faithful because nurturing their children gave them the biggest chance at surviving offspring" makes just as much sense. When your theory can explain everything, it can explain nothing. This is exactly what www.codeshelter.co aims to do, please support us by joining. > Notably, it’s not like less religious places have devised secular replacements for religious charity Other places in the US, you mean. They have done this elsewhere, they call it socialism. It's very easy to see whether this is true, just look at non-socialist countries and whether their social safety net is as strong as socialist ones. I think you'll notice that, on average, it's nowhere near. You may want to read a bit about what the GDPR mandates. I have hereby been whooshed, though in my defense I have a guest-only, throttled and isolated wifi network so the potential for misuse didn't occur to me. Whenever I read any post about home automation, it might as well be talking about a completely different world from mine. I've automated a lot of my house using pretty much just FOSS solutions. The Sonoff series of switches/devices is fantastic and ESP8266-based, so you can flash it with any firmware you want[1]. I wrote a small ad-hoc server to orchestrate things like "when there's motion in that room and it's dark, turn on that lamp", but you can just use Home Assistant. I have a WiFi network that has no internet access where all these go, with access to a local server running an autoupdater[2] so I can just put the new firmware in a specific directory and all my devices autoupdate. All of my devices are FOSS so I know they aren't talking to a mothership, and even if they tried to, they can't get on the internet. I do have an Alexa, which I should get rid of, since it's pretty much barely only useful for playing music. This way is much more secure, companies can't spy on your house, and you're supporting user freedom. [1]: https://github.com/xoseperez/espurna [2]: https://gitlab.com/stavros/espota-server Correction, resident keys are used for usernameless authentication (you don't need resident keys for passwordless). I recently (last week) wrote a Django library for WebAuthn ( https://pypi.org/project/django-webauthin/ ) and use it on a few of my sites ( https://www.pastery.net , https://www.eternum.io and https://www.deadmansswitch.net , if you want to try it out).