Not Really. I work at Microsoft. MS has mountains of cash and they're hiring like crazy. I agree Microsoft might not have the sexiest product that make everyone drool, but they have some products that make a ton of money and not sexy at all. e.g SQL Server Not sure how major, major will be. I was removing my actual facebook token and reducing profanity. Fixed the issues! They're making money. They use SSL and OAuth. that works 99.9% of the cases. The rest would be nerds like me who would go on hacking the damn thing. I've gotten a few dates but nothing interesting. The previous API version had real birthdates, full names and geolocations. That was gold! Why not make an actual job site? It seems the data here is quite disorganized. There are quite a few who wants to be hired and who is hiring posts? Could work as a free job listing site for hacker-techies. I am a MS employee waiting to move to the US. Just so frustrated by the system. After 15 months I've fallen in love with Vancouver. I come from Australia. Yes, the winter sucks, but as Engineers we spend a lot of time indoors and it doesn't make a huge difference. I would definitely apply for YC Vancouver. The tech community here is vibrant and growing. I'm from Australia. Can definitely say housing is cheaper than Vancouver. Vancouver has been flooded by Super Rich Asians from China dumping their money in property and sky rocketing the prices for property. Can't get a 2 bedroom for less than $750,000. I used Meteor for a project and almost killed myself. Its good and fancy but loads a bajillion javascript libs that you have no idea. Also loads of dependencies on specific versions. DO NOT USE IT FOR PRODUCTION PROJECTS! I've had a very very horrible experience. any chance we could this as a axax front-end to mysql database? I'd pay for it. Looks amazing. Would solve so many issues. I think its the classic chicken-egg problem like any other platform. flexbox support for mobile browsers is still pretty terrible. Not sure why India is red. I mean its a pretty crazy country to be in, but no one censors your shit like China. While getting my advanced open diver licence, I did a dive with grey nurse sharks. There I learn't how important sharks were. Where there are sharks, there are more reefs, more other species. When the sharks are killed, the over-feeding begins and over time the reef is depleted. Again, this is only in SV. In canada, its pretty difficult to get a $100k+ job. I've re-written a couple of systems. I think sometimes a refactor is a lot more expensive. e.g old system was written in actionscript/flash. The old devs left and lots of little bugs. Best to just rewrite in HTML/JS that works on mobile and you have full control. Another example. This dude had a giant wordpress site with a bazillion plugins. It worked but when something went wrong he couldn't figure jack shit and couldn't add more. Re-wrote it with a CMS, he got a 100x boost on how fast he could get things done. Sometimes the old just needs to be replaced with the new. I know one of top female coders in Google who worked on Maps. She said her dad taught her a few things in java when she was young. Her dad would give her some sort of reward of every little school problem she could solve with java. Before she even grew boobs, she made a word problem solver based on the STUDENT paper http://dspace.mit.edu/bitstream/handle/1721.1/5922/AIM-066.p... Lag and latency would be an issue Congrats Meteor! but I really find it loading a bazillion javascript files a bit of an overkill. Also debugging is a pain in the butt. Coming belgium this Jan. Excited! For a guy who is not very good at Maths, this was a great explanation. Thanks. I get to see a lot of people giving hate to Javascript for being not a real language. But with TypeScript it really feels like a modern language to build large apps. I love how coffeescript offers high expression ability for prototyping while typescript offers scaffold so you don't shoot yourself in the foot. Velodyne already has their own self driving car. What google is working on is the hard bits like figuring out how to handle cyclists, shitty drivers, pedestrians, traffic lights. Those things are hard. But someday I'd really like to see an open source version of a road capsule. Mainly aimed taking existing cars and running them like trains on a track. 1) Stop when an obstacle is in front 2) Automatic follow the current lane, maintain a safe distance with car in-front and follow the speed limit. 3) Parse traffic lights and be able to make turns. 4) Wait for passenger to get in and out. There's no reason why I can't take a short nap while I'm on a 100km straight road going cross country at night when there are almost no cars on the road. I'm betting that someday in the future we're going to have lanes on road specifically for self driving buses/cars just like we have dedicated train lanes. That's super awesome looking. I signed up just to use the interface. This makes reading corporate memos so much pleasant. Suck at arithmentic. But this took me 20 seconds to write. setInterval(function(){ $("#question-answer").val(eval($("#question").text())).trigger("keyup") }, 2001); $200 million = 200 million users * 1 year * $1. So easy to make a profit with Microsoft's many more millions of customers. User loyalty is a lot more expensive than lines of code. In Canada currently. The salaries just suck compared to states. Yes the visa hoops are less but living expenses in cities like Vancouver will suck everything out of your pocket. Why do people assume the H1-B's are always cheap. MS pays their H1B's incredibly well. Yes its true H1B makes the employee loyal to the company for a long time until greencard. Working crazy long hours are the very norm. But on the other side every good dev I know from my uni in Aus is sucked up by MS, GOOG or FB. They had offers before they even graduated. The most they could get in Aus was 50-80k AUD. In US 120k+ is easy. From the Australian side they legitimately have a talent issue as talent gets sucked to US. From the US side, I see a huge income gap. Tech pays so well the guys are buying big cars and being lavish with their inflated egos. The average american is still on 50k. They can't keep up with the rent rises. Careful what you wish for. I wish other parts of the world could achieve the size of tech the US west coast has. When someone is paying you 10X to what you can possibly learn in India, you're willing to absorb shit. Yes in US terms it could be peanuts but in Indian terms its quite a bit. Work 2-3 years in US and save well, the guy could buy a nice house and India and live decently. No one apart from the US has figured out how to build billion dollar companies like popcorn. Computer Vision guy here. Okay so you've made some improvements for normal users. The captchas are still the old same, just not shown everytime. Still can be cracked with latest neural net techniques. The visual matching stuff can be guessed 6/10 times. You still have audio captchas, that can be cracked. If all fails you still have cheap labour from third world country. I don't see why this is revolutionary? Google will now have their captchas present on every site and start logging user behavior in the name of identifying bots. Who says they won't use the data to drive their ad empire? I made a tinder auto liker script a while back to help my non-nerdy friends out. That's where I learn't about the man in middle attack trick. Very well written I should say. Agree somewhat, but in large companies there is so much politics going on that it makes sense to just quit and move to a more sane place. I work 60 hour weeks on average at one of the world's largest software companies on a paycheck that shows 38 hours official. It pays much better than my home country but if you try to raise your voice that you're not happy, HR will show you the door. If you're on a H1B visa, you really don't want that outcome. So the sane option is to keep your mouth shut and code. Code like your life depends on it. Appreciate that you have the freedom to move jobs, not everyone has the luxury. In Beligum, I rented a VW with adaptive cruise control. It did exactly what you say. I was fucking mind blown. Now the only thing I really want is being able to follow a lane and take over steering and simple line changing. Then I can sit in my car at night, take a nap and end up in san fran from seattle. Highway driving can be severely automated since its long and tedious with a simple task of going on a straight road for ages. Or india will adapt to the autonomous vehicles and drive like sane humans. Its the same in many 3rd world countries. In montreal, trains user rubber wheels. It totally makes sense to have auto-bus lanes and auto-highway lanes where every car on the lane has to be in automatic advanced cruise control mode. I think somebody should really offer scholarship to this guy to study aerospace. Photoshop takes a few gigabytes when all I need from photoshop fits in 800KB. WTF Adobe! Not much. Facebook used a very thorough testing method where it tests millions of permutations of flexbox variables and compares the output with the browser. Thank you so much guys. I think I'd really like to come down and stay here for a while. Love the energy compared to Seattle. The visa just got started recently but last I heard they are still working out the details. I applied for CEC (Canada Experience Class), paid >$4k for lawyer fees but application got rejected saying quota is fulfilled even though the website notes that its less than half filled. Trying now on express entry but I doubt I'll get anywhere. I feel its a broken system which caters to very expensive lawyers as they know the hacks. Thanks guys. I definitely will start a side project and start working out. > Implementation would be another matter as there are a number of complexity gotchas. I interviewed at an internet darling company. They had the main interviewer (who was a bit rude) and another shadow interviewer who takes notes on everything you do an say. All interviews are like this. The coding gotchas quickly make you super nervous as everything you do and say is recorded. You have 15 minutes. Plus whiteboard is not an editor. I don't code linearly like writing a text book. I have come to a realization that fresh out of university me performs better at interviews than 7 year experienced me. I kind of agree with you. They don't provide any interview feedback so there's something key I am failing that I don't realize. You are right. I am blaming too much on external circumstances. Will work on it. See if you like my work at https://nojvek.com (contact at bottom) Interviewing is a hard problem. I've done many interviews at small startups and big tech firms. Its a bit of a hit and miss to be honest. You have a long flight and ended up burning midnight oil last night. They might think you're not passionate enough. You're quite excited about certain things, they think you're trying too hard. you absolutely suck at writing recursive code on a whiteboard, they think you can't code for shit. Some dude on the other side is trying to prove his seniority and intimidating, they think you don't fit in culture. Lesson learnt the hard way: Just gotta keep on trying I wish there was a deeper technical explanation on how they made such a difference with a layer of file system. Would this also improve relational db perf? would be nice if humans and computers could both produce/consume the audio. That way you would have a secret language that you could perfectly communicate to computers with. went to Australia. PR took more than 4 years. I gave up hope and started applying for a tech job in US. Now I want to move back to Aus with wife but the partner visa is so broken. I have to move to Australia, my wife has to move back to her home country. She applies, the govt decides whether we will reunite again or not after 6-12 months. They charge $4500 application fee that is non-refundable. Aus immigration is equally as broken. Makes me want to create my own game now. Impressive job with Three.js. Would be cool if this was multiplayer. I disagree. Before the game plan was to keep everyone in windows. Now with iOS and android killing things it's no longer about just windows. Satya's vision is very different from Ballmer. The big money makers are now shifting to Azure. This means if open sourcing tools that didn't make money will attract more Devs to azure. That is very valuable in the long term in business sense. This also gives Microsoft a good rep and gives a broader reach. Node-WebKit now called nw I think. It's simply a web browser application hosted in a desktop shell with some node services in the background. I have a couple of friends who became parents and decided to take it in chunks rather than a full 4 months. They had a bit of support from in laws, so as a manager he came back after 1 month to ship a release, then wife and husband would alternate so there would be always one parent at home full time while the other worked. I'll be that guy. The chip is cool but still requires multiple components through usb to do something useful. What I want is a $5 hackable phone with battery, touch lcd, camera, wifi e.t.c Great if it has a solar panel and gpio, so I can stick it anywhere and forget about it. Chrome's Dom and painting engine is faster than Edge. That being said Edge just came out recently and is still bogged down by some of IE 11 stuff like the trident layout engine. I'm sure they are really invested to make it faster. Think about it, Microsoft really wants bing to succeed, for it to happen, Edge has to succeed so I'm sure they are putting their best minds behind it. Its a matter of time. I just want node running on chakra on my linux box. Given MS has a lot of money to make from Azure, I see this happening. Chakra started from a clean slate so they could think about problems differently and not be bogged down by v8 architecture. thanks for the insight, this gives a whole new perspective to the way I understood ADHD. Sometimes this is not a bad thing. I started something in PHP an year ago, about 3 months ago I played with node, evaluated it and it felt like it would give a productivity boost in the long term. And it did! I am a lot happier with the new codebase. I guess it really depends on what you're working. CEO: We need X done Manager: That's too short of a timeframe CEO: Buy the Devs pizza every night if you need to, just get it done. I'm not sure why no one mentions rethinkdb. We use it and are extremely happy with both its API mindframe, realtime updates and how easy it is to scale it. I'm surprised no one mentions xhr streaming, if your pipe is only one way i.e server notifies client, then xhr streaming is quite easy to use and as fast as websockets. I really like his 4 stage definition of self driving car. I don't really care about the fully autonomous like the google car. I've driven the adaptive cruise control VW in europe and that was an amazing experience. The only thing missing was lane control which this guy has done. Personally, where self driving really shines is long trips on the highway. All I really want is smarter cruise control that can stay on one lane and not bump into anything, and ideally send an alarm if it thinks it needs help. I'm at Microsoft for 3 years working in Redmond. SDE II. I'm getting paid 120k. I don't know where you're getting your numbers but 250k is very absurd. Rent is getting pretty crazy here, as the only bread winner I am kind of breaking even. Rethink has been my gotodb since last year. Absolute love it. Just waiting for your windows release. Noob question, why don't torrents get transferred over SSL? Let's encrypt is awesome. Thanks for making this awesome utility. I still have little idea how the ACME negotiation work, but its a pretty cool utility. Google is the moonshots and the AI company. If anyone could monetize this it was Google. This really does come as a big shock. Doesn't google have billions as cash. How much of a dent is Boston Dynamics really to the finance sheet. I bet there is a chash of egos involved in this sale. Mind sharing what company this is? I'm 100% sure if I leave to go somewhere else and come back, I'll still make a lot more than sticking around. This is the unfortunate reality. Not at google but MSFT. SDEII. 7 Years of coding experience full time. Base: 110k Signing bonus: $0k cash, $6k in stocks. On H1B visa so can't quit, but as soon as I get green card, I should definitely look around. Geez, you folks are making me feel really bad. Wow! This is almost more than twice what MSFT pays. Mind to share how much you are paying for rent? I'm from Kenya, haven't applied but thinking of. Mind sharing your experience. "Windows is a fully open ecosystem". Uhhhhh right :S I think hololens is quite mind blowing though. I can totally see myself exporting class dependency graphs and exploring them in 3D. Totally agree. I use git for windows with optional unix tools. But having this built in is quite amazing. yeah I understood that as open source. My bad. The biggest problem is not generating. Generating gets you 50%. The ability to then refactor on what is generate is key. How are you going to tackle that problem? How much are you going to charge per conversion? pikii seems to be falling over. I can't load the site at all. I'd love to see a demo of this when the next game of thrones is on. I would like to see a place where I can micro invest in YC startups. e.g $500 - 10k. If YC takes 7% for 120k. It seems 1k is worth about 0.05%. Its a bet a lot of us are willing to take. e.g I don't mind spending 6k on 6 startups on a year, which are YC vetted and are in the space I think is very lucrative. Offering dev time is very hard, but as someone who has worked in industry for so long, we can definitely help with guidance and advice. how many users do you have? how are you growing? the discount model seems complicated. How much are you spending on marketing? I went through the startups, but its really hard to make a decision from the description. I would suggest that the startups fill answers to the YC application form so there is more data and background to ask further questions. Saw the video. Its website -> sketch. Seeing the sketch -> website would be great. Why aren't you guys charging for it right away? That's going to give a good indication whether designer/devs are willing to pay out of pocket. i.e Give 10 free conversions to new signups so users get a feel whether it solves their problem. There after its $5 per conversion or whatever amount you feel is worth. Ages ago I used to convert psds to html by hand. There was this Russian tool to convert psd to html for $3 per conversion. It was my best friend. It got me 50% there and then I had to do the rest by hand. Have you looked into conversion by OCR techniques? i.e someone pastes a screenshot, you recognize the margins, paddings, text, colours, font and spit out html/css I second this. Even if Iran, N Korea, China e.t.c were doing this I'd be very happy for them. Space missiles and nuclear missiles have things common to them, but if the only intention of the folks working on it was to make space exploration cheaper, I'd cheer for them. What space X did landing in the middle of the ocean on a tiny little platform, was nothing short of genius. Wifey not into space tech, but when I explained what this meant, she was like "Wow! I didn't think that it would be even possible to have a stick rocket go up, turn around and land on a little pad in the ocean". That's crazy. I really enjoy hn.algolia.com for desktop. I also use the "Hacker News" app on iOS on mobile. M-pesa is really popular. I was telling my American buddy that a thug in US would hold you to a gun point and take your wallet and cash. In Kenya, thugs demand you to m-pesa money to their burner phone showing you a knife. Would be nice to just go to http://bootstrapcheatsheet.com The url is kind of hard to remember. I had higher satisfaction with my 3310 than any phone I've ever had. It just worked. Nokia really knew what they were doing back then. I had no idea how good accelerometers got until I saw this on the iPhone YouTubeApp. This is cool. Now I wanna shoot more 360 videos. What is the definition of pretty well? Take home more than 200k after taxes? I do agree on the fear of failure part. I've really procrastinated hitting the gym because I saw very little gains the last few months I went hard. I sometimes really wonder, when companies get huge valuations, how much of that just ends up indirectly in some landlords pocket. How do startups even afford to live there? Yeah I don't get the hype too. I used it once or twice. Then I was like "how is this revolutionary?". A new password per team. Nop bop pop. I know of folks who end up many kids to maximize on the welfare per kid. Can you really trust all parents? I've seen some abuse of welfare in my days in Australia. This. Even though my employer provides descent insurance I still end up paying quite a bit more out of pocket then I did in Australia or Canada. Having lived in many cities around the world, I can say if you're poor in the US, there aren't many options to get out of it. It could be said for many countries but US is the worlds largest economy. It's a solvable problem. It's heart breaking to hear stories of people choosing to die than go to the hospital because the bills will kill them. Is there a commentary on Redis source code? Always been fascinated how they implement the data structures. Ubiquity was really awesome. May be I should build an electron app and resurrect it. I don't really think working 3-4 hours for a majority of population will ever become a reality. The biggest expense the working class have is usually rent/mortgage. If everyone makes good money then the prices are guaranteed to go up. This is the biggest flaw that I also find with guaranteed basic income. At the end it will always sucked slowly up with those who own the land. This is awesome. Thanks a lot. What's salt? TOML? First time I'm hearing of it I'm pretty sure this is a take on the popular edm track "eat sleep rave repeat". I'm surprised how much it blew up on this thread. I 100% agree with this. Making a computer understand a domain of text and manipulate it in interesting ways is amazing. Similar is web crawlers. It feels like magic when the product works. I still find the whole "talent war is so competitive" statement a bit of a hype. Is there any data on this? There are millions of Engineers in the US. Sometimes this could have negative impact if promoted too much right? Imagine the feeling that your peers thinking you're in management level because HR wants to meet the quotas and don't actually respect you for the talent. To be honest I am always amazed how many homeless folks and dirty the place is. You hear billion dollar raises all the time but the city seems very fragmented. Vancouver on the other hand is insanely expensive but very well put together. I'd love to hear what things you find complicated. I hear you though. Vue has a great abstraction. Although it does too much magic and quite slow at times. Don't think about yourself as a programmer. Think about yourself as a person having fun creating things. +1 Will this ever be able as a git book? I dived in the GBR, one of my best experiences in life. If my kids don't get to experience the beauty I did, I would consider my generation a failure. I would absolutely love to see this happen. I wish there was a govt user voice where people would vote for their ideas and those with the most votes in a department would have to be looked at. We seem to have a democracy but the only decision we can make is which man/woman leads the country. I work at a well recognized soft company. First year SDE's get paid more than me with a fat signing bonus because they come from Stanford. I've been working for 3 years now. 5 years prior experience. As a L1 you don't have much negotiation leverage. After moving here, I was quite surprised to see a significant number of my buddies had divorced parents and were totally against marriage. US has a good stream of immigrants coming in. Last I heard immigrating to Japan is a lot tougher. I wonder why the Japanese govt isn't opening the gates up to keep the population growth of young people at a steady level Haha nice one. Money enables you experiences. That's how I see it. That is true. You slowly add more black typescript to a white js project as you go along and decide the shade of grey you want. The way I think about this is types is like writing tests for your code. Typescript will fail if the contracts don't match. I'd love to know what you love about coffee? Is it the syntax? I am working on extending the Typescript parser to support coffee like syntax. +1 on this. I would really like H1B's to be a bidding system. But guess who lobbies the govt? Doing it on my own. I really like how I can quickly hack with coffee but I also love the typescript intellisense magic so trying to make a hybrid. The execution is awesome. So smooth. What are you using for the nice animations and transitions? Is it available on iOS? Would make a lot of node modules as functions redundant The way I look at it is you own the app like you own an apartment but you're paying homeowners association fee to keep the grass trimmed, pathways painted and the pool maintained. I believe they've already started. None of my real friends are active on FB anymore. My feed is just pages and ads that I never see. Snapchat and whatsapp is the primary means of social life. Facebook seems like Google now: growth by buying startups. I sometimes do worry about that. If banks didn't create mortgages, would houses be more affordable. It's obscene that I will give half of my life's income to the bank to pay off my mortgage. Would love to have a chat and build some stuff on the side. That was the old IE. Edge is a whole new browser and management has changed since ballmer era. It's like punishing current generation of Germans because of hitler. I wonder if there is a way for automatic Jsdoc to ts interfaces generation. In that way a lot of libraries can always keep the .d.ts in sync or rather users can just generate from the module. I find typescript pays off with the excellent intellisense and refactoring in editor support. They did a great job of having the language service and compiler use same core code base. We should just call it ES15 and ES16. Build stuff you want and you think others like you will want. Basically explore and do things that interest you. There's a lot of value in that. What were the pricing models of JustEat and Deliveroo? I'm so glad I dropped gotomypc and went with rdp gateway. Their customer service is subpar. I tried reporting bugs and no one ever got back to me. I contact them on Twitter and email. Chirps! One day I had it enough and completely cancelled the service. There are better alternatives out there. In a way I'm glad they got hacked. They'll learn the lesson by losing customers and $$$$. I'm guessing there was someone who said they should invest in security but management decided to save money. You definitely need to do some sort of a talk. This are some great leanings. Is react like vdom diffing used anywhere in Monaco / VSCode ? Glad you like it. Let us know if you have any feedback regarding the tools. I'm one of the devs on the team. I hope VSCode has fixed the bug where left side cannot be edited when picking two files. " and have useable developer tools." - Let us know how we can improve your experience. How is this better than double salted sha256. I.e sha256("secret", sha256("secret2", $pwd)) The double sha/md5 would even give rainbow tables a super hard time right? I like this a lot. I had a startup, failed, went back to full time job, save more, start again. Every iteration I learn more. Hopefully someday I'll make it. If their not security worthy can't the browsers just Barr them? There should be a nice democratic way of punishing the abusive behaviors. At least hn should switch to letsencrypt after the douchebaggery from comodo. That reads like a high school breakup text. Let's encrypt is always free. Just needs to be renewed right? What's with the 90day free invention he's talking about? It still surprises me that the worlds largest economy still has ridiculous fees for college. I wonder what impact this has over a 100 year period. It seems the css framework is a bait to get more clients? The home page has more about you than the framework. Not cool. I'm on L1. Worked in Canada for 2 years. The interview was so short. As long as the company is legit and you don't have any bad records on you it's fairly straight forward. You do have to write why your knowledge is specialized though and no one else can do it. For me I wrote about the internal systems that I had a deep understanding and some I wrote. Someone else would have to train for at least an year to do the same. The lawyer sprinkled the jargon but that was the gist. Ha! When I was getting my L1, there was someone who got an 01 because they had more than 2 million hits on YouTube and they wanted to pursue a career in Hollywood as a rapper. not really, hn still uses certs from comodo. cloudflare still uses certs from comodo. cloudflare and hn dropping comodo would have been close to a win I like the new page a lot better. My apologies, didn't mean to hurt you like that. I've starred the repo. Just some feedback. Min seems like bootstrap lite. About 500 lines, which are a lot easier to manage and reason about. The homepage should definitely mention mincss is bootstrap compatible and under 1kb. It loads blazing fast, easy to manage and extend. The cost calculator looks gimmicky. The about me section is very spot on though. Nice work. Great tool. Don't like the marketing spam though. I'd like a scripting Api though. I've always wondered how much of the money YC seeds to its founders eventually ends up in a landlord's pocket? $3000/month on a studio apartment. That's crazy burnout for a startup. Typescript really has more to offer with react. It type checks the jsx(tsx), Offers code completion on components and their properties, you can refactor/rename properties and components throughout your project without side effects. Typescript is kind of blind to angular templates. React offers ability to use same code on server side and client side. Easier to test a Vdom library. It's a lot less complex, it's perf is a lot better, you can live edit. The biggest selling point is you can create native apps using native ui with a lot of code re-use. React + ts definitely give you a bigger bang for buck. I spent 2.5 years of my life writing angular code. It definitely has some good ideas but I won't be investing so much of my time in angular 2 anymore. I like the ambition there. Something as complex as angular will definitely require updates. Let's hope they actually walk the talk. As an outsider trying to summarize the pros and cons: Remain: Pros: Free trade with Eu, cheap flights, move around Europe for jobs. Cons: no control on immigration, cheap labor stealing jobs, shitty eu rules. Leave: Pros: Control over pound. Control on immigration. Control on governance. Cons: taxes on eu trade, can't move freely for jobs. But the Uk was kind of special. They didn't have the euro. They weren't part of schengen zone. Apart from influx of immigrants they had a good deal right? Is the biggest leave argument the proposal to control who enters the border and not pay EU fees? That is a legit argument. Getting very close to the argument: we should fine Boeing because their planes aided in 7/11. The plane was a manifestation of the pilot. It's not like those robots are only made for Snowden are they? This is one of the reasons why I'm really liking snapchat. Every message goes poof after reading and the network is very private. Unless of course snapchat is storing every message. In which case they'd have gigs of my silly selfies. Is it very multicultural though? I've heard from friends who have travelled there that non-white folks aren't treated the same and there's a bit of cultural bias. i'd love to visit though. Not being fully fledged IDE can be good and bad. I'm using VSCode for most things I use VS for. It's super fast to launch, great language extensions, debugger, integrated terminal and tasks. It's like sublime and visual studio had a baby. I have licenses for jet brains but I seldom ever use it. I may also be a bit biased since I contribute to VScode extensions. But I see that as a positive. I use a free editor that I can hack, look at its source and collaborate in the open. I paid a speeding fine in Seattle and paid very dearly with an insurance raise. So much that I had to sell my European car and get a Toyota. Then I learned to always get a lawyer and contest it. Those lawyers have found a good hole to exploit. Cool analogy. However don't some startups actually open up things that we didn't even know were painful? E.g I was happy staying in hotels. I wasn't on fire looking to stay at someone's house. I'm guessing the hosts weren't on fire either having random strangers over. Facebook, Google, Amazon. I was very happy with the alternatives. They just did somethings better. Although Facebook is kind of dead to me. Haven't opened in months. I do like the analogy of getting overwhelmed by customers and having scaling problems. Does anyone know how everything work? Does it hook into the NTFS filesystem with special apis? The indexing is insanely fast. I wonder how they make it happen. I really wish there was a Json oriented db like sqlite. I really like making underscore like queries. db('x').table('y').getAll(prop:true).sortBy('propB').limit(100) Or may be there is and I don't know. VSCode - Not too light, not too heavy. JS development and debugging is a breeze. VLC. Related Popcorn time. Great interface. RethinkDB - RQL is a great query interface. I wish there was an embedded version like sqlite. Chrome-dev-tools: As a JS Dev, love what they've done. Whatsapp - Their focus on simplicity and doing one thing very well. PowerShell Bash Charles Proxy It still baffles my how much google is paying compared to MSFT or Amazon in Seattle. Some crazy numbers there. Have you considered switching to a less beurocratic team/company. I used to be in a place where I'd fight the system. Most felt the system was good enough. Moving to a team where your personal values are aligned with team values, may be you won't need to have those discussions. tbh we don't really know OP. Although It could be that the words OP uses might be offending. I was building http://bewolo.com I slowly started loosing interest in it. It was a market place for experiences. Be able to give issues priorities and sort them with user defined attributes like what release cycled they are planned for. The number of votes / +1s on different ideas e.t.c My Toyota RAV4 has adaptive cruise control and can auto steer back into lane if I'm too far off. I wished that it could auto follow a lane. It has everything that it needs to make that happen. But I also like that they dumbed it down that I have to have the hand on the steering wheel otherwise it complains loudly. Automotive car crashes should be investigated with the rigour of aeroplane crashes. The only way to make it safer for the next driver is to learn as much from the bug here and fix it. I also strongly believe that cars should pass a rigorous test of edge cases and be scored on that. Thanks for sharing. Comemu is awesome. I'll have to find what clink is. Are Indians considered Asians? I don't believe in God or afterlife. My partner does. It makes up for some very interesting but open conversations. Finding open minded religious people is really hard. I'm guessing it's because the beliefs are ingrained from the day they were born. Well in some contries, the media has a substantial impact on the peoples. They make a mountain out of the mole hill for some issues. It feels tech invests money into a city. Not enough housing so rent goes up. The investment ends up in landlords pocket. Isn't it wise for a company to invest in a cheap place with a lot of area around for housing? E.g when MS first started, Redmond was pretty much a large forest. I see a blank screen on phone. This. One one hand the gun makers will go to extreme lengths to lobby selling more guns. On the other hand TSA and friends will go to extreme lengths to make people feel unsafe. The system is broken. It's like throwing sand in the air to cover the sun. Mum did say the girl was disabled. The machines affected the thinking capability. Also putting her in jail after bleeding. WTF! TSA is one of my least favorite experiences. I'll happily buy a season subscription. Stop forcing me into getting the channel subscription HBO. When this guy called "pg". When I first joined HN, I always wondered, who is this "pg". Then I read hackers and painters. O_O when I made the connection. Started working in Http://bewolo.com part time a couple of years back with some friends. Slowly lost interest. I love the new badges. They are very well designed and sleek. Good job. Terrorists have guns, cops have guns, joe and Mary have guns. Go figure. Deaths from gun suicides > deaths from cops killing civilians > terrorists killing civilians. Yes the problem is definitely mexicans crossing the border and Muslims in the country /s This is awesome. What company is this? $10000 per mile is still a huge cost. If human is able to do it then AI should be able to do it. The cost should be no more than reprinting blurred out lanes. If a car can work if the roads are well marked, run it can work in many different countries too. That's a huge boon for car makers. I've been using async await or async yield. Never been more happier. Sometimes I wonder "is America too big to get anything done for its citizens". It seems they are equally opposite views for any law. Plus lobbying means big companies will usually win over citizens. Healthcare is insanely expensive, universities put you in endless debt, police killing more people than terrorists with guns. Would the solution be for the states to have more power? I.e implement the policies state by state? Just the way LGBT marriage and cannabis laws are propagating? To drive a car you need a driving license. To get a gun in the US, you just need to be a citizen. There is nothing stopping anyone from being trigger happy. You hear cases of accidental firings in the US all the time. They were making billions. Why make so much noise when the machine is shittin money. Let the DEA handle that. Probably the same when Morgan Stanley and the big banks were financing the wars. Let the money flow, make no noise. There'll always be a few against. What matters is more than 50% agree on it. Health insurance is a PITA here. Physio in Canada charged me $60/ session. Here it's $240 per session. Insurance pays about 100 but I still pay $140 out of my pocket. America has a crazy obsession of being rich that people will easily screw others to make a buck. It's a very stark difference to Australia and Canada. Or may be outside of Bay Area, not many are willing to put money where the mouth is I've fixed a couple of things in tiny modules. A great experience to get started on open source contributions. Js has fragmentation but what do you expect with the largest repo of packages? Can't put the blame of one bad package on the whole community. If there is a bad package don't use it. I've seen lots of well engineered packages with zero dependencies. E.g typescript. Entire compiler and language server. No dependencies. Es6 is a decent library out of the box. I always only add a dependent if it's something not trivial. A lot of the shitty packages came out before tree shaking was a thing. There is an argument. Should you just have a large hash table of functions that you reference. Those in the bandwagon go for the one function packages. What's with the weird Vdom syntax. I'd really like if authors used something that can be used as jsx. I want to copy my html snippet and only chance the dynamic bits. There should be portability from other frameworks. React's API Base is small. If we think react is slow, then there should be a lighter more performant version offering a descent migration path. They are all based on electron. It seems like a thing electron should do. I.e spit out binaries that use chrome and node in the system. Electron means your app runs on Mac + Win + Linux without much effort. It could also potentially run on the web browser. That is a huge sell. Biggest difference I found was having a fast Dev loop while programming. Using watchers to auto-build and run. Having a good ide with intellisense made a big difference. My brain could be engaged for hours on a problem. I still end up slacking if something takes more than 5 seconds. The brains on a whole level of train thought. canny and adaptive threshold can go hand in hand. i.e you can threshold an image and then apply canny. Adaptive threshold turns the image into binary (either white or black) and it works great when there are big shadows. e.g http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/img/imaging/sam... -> http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/img/imaging/bra... That would have been another shit move by Ballmer. He already destroyed Nokia and cost MS a fortune. Let's hope LinkedIn brings value with a deeper integration in office. Agree with this. Async await is just a lot cleaner syntax. The problem with callback hell is making sense of flow and handling the error at every step. Promises certainly help but you also see abuse of then callback hell where rather than chaining, someone would nest the thens.async await is also great for debugging.